Cassida atrata is a beetle in the leaf beetle family, that can be found in Central and SE Europe. The host plants are in the family Lamiaceae and include Salvia glutinosa and Salvia pratensis.
References
Cassidinae
Beetles described in 1787
Beetles of Europe
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Štítina () is a municipality and village in Opava District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,200 inhabitants.
Geography
Štítina lies about southeast of Opava. The municipality is located in the Opava Hilly Land within the Silesian Lowlands.
History
The first written mention of Štítina is from 1282, when there was a fortress called Štítina with a settlement called Troubky. The original fortress built by the lords of Benešov was rebuilt into a moated renaissance castle in the second half of the 16th century. In the 18th century, the village began to be called Štítina. From 1837 Štítina was owned by the Teutonic Order. In 1785, the castle was turned into a brewery and in the 1980s, the tumbledown building was eventually demolished.
At the end of World War II, the village was badly damaged.
Notable people
Heliodor Píka (1897–1949), general executed by the Communists after a show trial
Gallery
References
External links
Villages in Opava District
Isca sullo Ionio (Calabrian: ; ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
History
Isca is of Greek origin and, according to the legend, the original name of the town was Sanagasi. The original town was located near the sea, probably about where Isca Marina is located today. Sometime, probably during the 9th century AD, the inhabitants moved to higher ground, where present day Isca is today, perched between two mountains. The high open view of the sea offered protection for the people, giving them time to prepare for a possible
attack rom sea invaders.
Isca Marina
In the immediate days following the earthquake of 1947, talks began and planning of a new community or extension to Isca, that should be built on safer flat ground, near the beach. The name for the new community, would be called Isca Marina. Nine centuries earlier, the area now known as Isca Marina, was the original town location for the ancestors of Isca, until invasions of outsiders, forced the towns people, to higher ground. Now
many hundreds of descendants of the original town location have come home. While some homes were built in the late 1940s in the marina, it was not until the early 1950s that roads, sidewalks, and the town square were built. In the years to follow, Isca Marina would become a vacation destination for Italian and foreign travelers, on summer holiday.
Economy
With a warm summer climate, the area is a center of production of lemons, oranges, figs, chestnuts, grapes and beans.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
West Broward High School is a secondary school located in Pembroke Pines, Florida serving students in grades 9 through 12. The school is a part of the Broward County Public Schools district.
West Broward High has an FCAT school grade of "A" for the 2009–2010 academic year.
Overview
The school was slated to open for its first day of classes on August 18, 2008, but the opening was delayed until August 20, 2008, because the first two days of school were postponed due to the effects of Tropical Storm Fay.
The school was constructed to relieve overcrowding at nearby schools such as Everglades High School, Cypress Bay High School, Charles W. Flanagan High School, and Cooper City High School. Daniel Traeger was named the school's first ever principal on November 15, 2007. The school's mascot are the Bobcats and the school colors are Carolina blue and silver. The school is notable for its ProStart Culinary Program, Veterinary Medicine career program, and daycare program for teachers assistants, as well as its nationally recognized Television Production Program.
The school newspaper is called "The Lynx". West Broward's TV Production program has won an array of awards at FSPA at the district and state levels, as well as at the national level as of the 2013–2014 school year.
West Broward High feeds 100% from Silver Trail Middle, portions of Glades Middle, portions of Falcon Cove Middle, portions of Somerset Academy Chapel Trail Middle School, and portions of Franklin Academy Pembroke Pines and Cooper City.
Attendance zone
The school serves sections of: Pembroke Pines, Davie, Miramar, and Southwest Ranches.
Some areas are jointly zoned to West Broward High and Cooper City High School: including sections of Cooper City and Southwest Ranches.
Schedule
The school is on an 8 period A/B schedule. Periods 1 through 4 make up "A" day (also known as Silver day), while "B" day (also known as Blue day) consists of periods 5 through 8. All classes are 90 minutes long, except for early release days and PSD's (Professional Study Day).
Career and Technical Programs (CTACE)
West Broward High School offers a number of various career and technical programs such as:
Television Production:
Veterinary Assisting
The Institute of Business and Entrepreneurship (IBE)
Web Design Services
Academy of Culinary Operations (ProStart) / Hospitality
Early Childhood Education
First Responder / Allied Health Assisting
DECA (Association of Business Students)
Pathways to Engineering
Science Department offerings
Biology 1
Biology 1 H
Biology 2 H (10th – 11th)
AP Biology
Chemistry 1
Chemistry 1H
AP Chemistry
Physics 1
Physics H
AP Physics 1
AP Physics 2
AP Physics C
AP Environmental Science
Marine Science 1 H
Anatomy & Physiology H
Earth Space Science/Honors
These are not magnet programs and are offered to all students of West Broward High School.
Performance Ensemble
West Broward High has an award-winning Performance Ensemble which consists of wind players, percussion, and color guard. In November 2010, they performed at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, FL for their first competition on a state level and placed 3rd in class 5A in competition with over 80 other bands. In October 2011, they performed at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, GA in the Bands of America Super Regional Competition for the first time. They made finals, making them the 2nd band in the history of BOA to make finals for the first time, and they took 9th place. In November 2017, West Broward finished 1st overall in class 4A at the state championship, earning their first ever class title. They would outdo that achievement two years later, in November 2019, when they performed at Daytona Stadium and won their first ever state championship, finishing 1st in class 5A and earning the overall highest score.
Their color guard ranked third in Class A at World Finals during the 2009-2010 "Winter Guard" season. During the 2010–2011 season the winterguard placed 2nd in Open class. The 2011-2012 year started their journey through world class finishing 9th in world class finals. In the 2012–2013 season, they placed 4th in world class finals, their highest placement yet. The 2018-2019 World Guard would tie that placement, finishing 4th in world class finals that year.
Demographics
As of the 2021-22 school year, the total student enrollment was 2,589. The ethnic makeup of the school was 75.9% White, 14.4% Black, 57.7% Hispanic, 5.5% Asian, 3.5% Multiracial, 0.7% Native American or Native Alaskan, and 0.1% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander.
Notable alumni
Omar Raja, founder of House of Highlights
References
External links
Old School website
Broward County Public Schools
High schools in Broward County, Florida
Public high schools in Florida
Pembroke Pines, Florida
2008 establishments in Florida
Educational institutions established in 2008
The Barha Dynasty is an Indian Muslim dynasty of Sayyid origin, descending from the 7th-century AD Caliph, Ali. It is among the largest and oldest royal houses in India and the world, and consists of Abdullah al Wasiti, the founder of the dynasty, and his male-line descendants, who ruled in South Asia from their arrival at the close of the 10th century until the second half of the 20th century. The abolition of Indian Princely States including the Princely State of Rampur ruled by the Rohilla branch of the Barha Dynasty brought their rule to an end.
The dynasty is well known for the martial prowess of its members who always lead their armies from the vanguard. However, it is best remembered for its member's role as de facto rulers over most of South Asia at the start of the 18th Century, as well as their general tolerance to their non-Muslim subjects. The Nawabs of Rampur eliminated communal violence during their reign, and when during the Partition Riots other rulers such as those of the Sikh States, Alwar and Bharatpur are widely believed to have ordered the ethnic cleansing of their Muslim subjects, the Nawab on the other hand, strictly forbade his hot-blooded Pashtun nobles from committing reprisal attacks against non-Muslims. The powerful Nawab Hussain Ali Khan and Nawab Abdullah Khan abolished poll tax against non-Muslims throughout India, brought the Marathas into the Mughal fold and helped win over Hindu Rajput rulers like Ajit Singh of Marwar.
Etymology
The meaning of the name Barha is uncertain. While some contend that it comes from the word, "bahir", meaning "outsider" referring to the preference of members of the Barha dynasty to live outside Delhi, to avoid scandalised localities such as Mina Bazar which would be unsuited for their sacred natures. Others like the Emperor Jahangir, believed that it came from the Hindi word, "barha", meaning "twelve". In reference to the twelve townships that members of the dynasty had received as fiefs from Sultan Shibabdudin of Ghor when they first arrived in India.
Ancestry
The dynasty descends in the male line from the fourth Rashidun Caliph, Ali, through his younger son Husayn. In Arabia, the ancestor's of the dynasty took part in many rebellions against Abbasid authority. One of their ancestors, Isa bin Zayd, revolted against the Caliph Al Mahdi and was consequently poisoned by that caliph at the age of 45. Subsequently, the family were heavily persecuted by the Abbasid government, and eventually the founder of the Barha dynasty, Abul Farah Al Wasiti, fled from Madina to Wasit and from there he fled to the Ghaznavid Empire. His four sons entered into the military service of Sultan Mahmud of Ghazni and received twelve fiefs in Punjab, then a part of the Ghaznavid Empire, as reward for their service. Through military service, the dynasty became quickly established as Nobles of the Sword in ancient India, a status they held under several different empires. They held a particularly high status under the Sultanate of Delhi. When the Chief of the Barha, who was also the Diwan of the empire, was granted the fief of Saharanpur due to his relation with the imperial family. They also enjoyed particularly prominent positions under the reign of the Sur, eventually defecting during the last days in the reign of Sikander Sur of the Sur Empire, to the Emperor Akbar of the Mughal Empire in the course of the siege of Mankot.
The Barha dynasty maintains the unique status of having been the only dynasty to participate in all three Battles of Panipat, seminal battles which shaped Indian History. Under the Lodi in the First Battle of Panipat. In the Second Battle of Panipat they gained victory under Bairam Khan, and finally in the Third Battle Of Panipat, the sons of Nawab Ali Muhammad Khan Rohilla fought with Ahmed Shah Abidali against the Maratha.
By the time of the Emperor Aurangzeb, the dynasty was firmly regarded as "Old Nobility" and enjoyed the unique status of holding the premier realms of Ajmer and Dakhin. Realms usually reserved for the rule of members of the Imperial Family.
Branches
The children of Abdullah Abul Farah al wasiti settled in various towns, each eventually forming its own branch.
Sayyid Daud settled in Tihaanpur, giving rise to the Tihaanpuri branch.
Sayyid Abul Fazl settled in Chhatbannur giving rise to the Chhaturai branch.
Sayyid Najmudin Hussain settled in Jagner, giving rise to the Jagner branch.
Sayyid Fazail settled in Kundli giving rise to the Lundliwal branch.
All the branches eventually migrated to the Doab where the branches occupied the following towns:
Kumhera and Dharsi by Tihaanpur
Sambalhera by Chatrauris
Jagneri by Bithauli
Majhera by Kundliwal
Tihanpur Branch
The Tihanpuri Branch has the greatest claim to fame of all the branches of the dynasty. The branch began with Sayyid Jalal Khan Emir, 8th in descent from Abdullah al wasiti. Khan Emir left Tihanpur and settled in Dharsi located in the pargana of Jauli. He had four sons, of whom the eldest Umar Shahid settled in Jansath, a second son Chaman settled in Chitaura and a third son Hassan settled in Bihari and a fourth Ahmad made his home in Kawal in the pargana of Jansath.
Jansath
Umar found Jansath already occupied by Jats and Brahmins however during the branch's ascendancy in the later mughal era, the branch extended itself so much that Jansath became detached from the Jauli pargana.
Its also from this branch that the famous Nawab Abdullah Khan I emerged, better known in places like Ajmer as Sayyid Mian. The branch benefited from Aurangzeb's reign and by the time Aurangzeb passed away, the branch had considerable influence with Sayyid Mian's sons Nawab Hussain Ali Khan and Nawab Abdullah Khan II being attached to the future emperor Bahadur Shah. Nawab Hussain Ali Khan and Nawab Abdullah Khan II also known as the Sayyid Brothers were positioned such that when Bahadur Shah I ascended to the throne with the help of the brothers, he granted the former the government of Patna and the latter the government of Allahbad.
In 1709, Sayyid Ahmad, Sayyid Khan, Sayyid Hussain Khan and Sayyid Ghairat Khan all distinguished themselves in crushing a rebellion of Hindu Princes on the Narbada. During which they fought in the vanguard and all perished to a man with their followers. The Tihaanpuris continued to distinguish themselves in Punjab, Gujrat and along the Indus until they reach supremacy and became masters over South Asia.
In 1712, the sons of Sayyid Mian, having found themselves in a dangerous position and distrustful of other ministers at Delhi, took it upon themselves to raise Prince Furrukhsiyar to the throne as Emperor. During the process the sons of Sayyid Mian distinguished themselves in battle, with Sayyid Nurudin Ali Khan, Najmudin Ali Khan and Saifudin Ali Khan having fought gallantly in the battles of Sarai Alam Chand (Allahbad) and Agra. With Nurudin Ali Khan having lost his life at Allahbad.
Nawab Sayyid Hassan Ali Khan who thereafter became known as Abdullah Khan II, was appointed as Grand Vezier with the title of Qutb al Mulk, while Nawab Sayyid Hussain Ali Khan was appointed as Commander-in-Chief with the title of Amir ul Mammalik. In the demise of the Sayyid Brothers many other Sayyids of note fell with them, first with the assassination of Hussain Ali Khan and later at the Battle of Hasanpur where Abdullah Khan II was captured. Much of the Tihanpur Branch was destroyed by the efforts of Muhammad Amin Khan and Qamar ud din Khan, with only the Rohilla Dynasty having survived the general destruction of the Tihaanpuris
Chaman
The Branch of Chaman comes next in line to the Jansath Branch. Descending from Sayyid Chaman who settled in Chitura, this branch gained much influence during the reign of Shah Jahan when Sayyid Jalal become a high ranking Mansabdar and was given possession of Kharwa Jalalpur in the Sardhan pargana of Meerut. However the branch fell in decline when Sayyid Shams, son of Sayyid Jalal left Imperial service. He had two sons, Sayyid Asghar Ali and Sayyid Asad Ali. The former died childless while the descendants of the latter remained in Chitura until the Biritsh Era.
Hassan
Sayyid Hassan had six sons, many of whom rose in Imperial Service and later became Zamindars.
Ahmad
The Descendants of Sayyid Ahmad who had settled in Kawal, gained much acclaim during the reign of Aurangzeb when Tatar Khan and Diwan Muhammad Yar Khan became distinguished in Imperial Service
Khan Jahan
Sayyid Nasirudin, the sixth son Sayyid Hasan, gained much fame in the form of Sayyid Khanjahan-i-Shahjahani who attained much power under the Emperor Shahjahan and was consequently granted forty Villages in the parganas of Khatauli and Sarwat, along with several bighas of land in free revenue for perpetuity with he title of Abul Muzaffar He began to build a new town which was completed by his son and named Muzaffarnagar.
Chatrauri Branch
They, lived near Sambelhera and changed their name from Chatbanauri to Chatrauri. One of the members of this branch, Sayyid Hasan Fakhrudin, lived during the reign of Emperor Akbar. He used his influence at court to help the Raja of Sambalhera to confirm his dignity in the male line to his son, Ram Chand. Later when Ram Chand died childless, he helped the widow of Ram Chand to inherit the state. Being so pleased with the service rendered to her, she passed on the entirety of her estate to Sayyid Hassan, who was later confirmed in its possession as the Nawab of Sambelhera.
Sayyid Hassan had a child named Sayyid Hussain, who in turn had four children. Sayyid Sher Ali who died without issue, Sayyid Ahmad who was killed fighting Ratan Sen of Chitor and whose descendants settled in Kailawada and another descendant fought under the Emperor Muhammad Shah, Sayyid Tajudin whose son Sayyid Umar founded Kakrauli and colonised the local towns of Rauli Nagla and Bera and the last son Sayyid Salar Auliya who obtained Kaithora in a similar manner to his grandfather. He had two sons, Sayyid Haider Khan whose descendant Sayyid Shahamat Khan settled in Miranpur and founded the Haider Khan Family and Sayyid Muhammad Khan whose descendants remained in Kaithora and formed the Muhammad Khani family.
Of the Muhammad Khan family, Nusrat Yar Khan and Rukhan ad Daula gained prominence during the reign of Muhammad Shah. Gaining the governance of Agra, Gujarat and Patna. They additionally held a Jagir of twenty eight villages in Ahmedabad which they gained in return for their service in annihilating their Tihanpuri brethren and which they retained until 1850. The Chatrauris of Morna review land grants to the west of Kali near Charthawal. There is a still Mosque in Morna built in the name of the wife of Nawab Hassan Khan, bakshi of Muhammad Shah. Constructed in 1725 at the cost of 1900 rupees.
Jagneri Branch
They are descendants of Sayyid Najmudin Hussain, who first settled at Bidauli, and some generations later his descendant Sayyid Fakhrudin moved to Palri in the Jauli pargana. Where he purchased propriety rights in Palri, Chanduri, Chandura, Tulsipur and Khera. Members of this branch reached high positions during the reign of Akbar and subsequent Emperors, but none gained the prominence which characterised other branches of the dynasty. The Jagneri Branch were heavily affected by drought, resulting in less prosperous conditions. However the head of Bidauli family still served as Nazim to the Nawabs of Oudh while his nephew was a Chakladar.
Kudliwal Branch
Members of this branch settled in Mujhera. Ain-i-Akbari makes mention of Sayyid Mahmud as being the first member of the Barha dynasty to enter into timurid service. Having formerly gained employment under the Sur Empire, he defected to the Mughals during the siege of Mankot during which he was with Sikander Sur but later sided with the Emperor Akbar. In the first year of Akbar's reign he fought in a campaign against Muhammad Shah whose forced were led by Raja Hemu. In 1557 he took part in the Ajmer campaign and in the year after he took part in the capture of the fort of Jitasaran, along with an expedition against the Bhaduriyas of Hatkanth in Agra. in 1561 he was granted a Jagir near Delhi and later took part in a campaign with the Amorha Sayyids against the Raja Madhukar of Orcha. He died in 1574 and was buried in Majhera where his fort still remains.
In a famous incident, Sayyid mahmud was once asked how many generations back the Barha dynasty traced its sacred descent. Incidentally a fire was burning at a spot nearby and offended by the question, Sayyid Mahmud jumped into the fire exclaiming "If I am a Sayyid the fire will hurt me; if I am no Sayyid I shall get burnt". He stood for an hour in the fire and only left after the earnest request of a bystander. His velvet slippers showed that indeed he had no sign of being burnt by the fire.
References
Arab dynasties
The Boston Junior Shamrocks was a Junior A hockey team playing in the Eastern Junior Hockey League.
History
The franchise, then known as the Matt O'Neil Club, is a charter member of the Eastern Junior Hockey League (EJHL) since 1993. It played as the Matt O'Neil Club until 1996, as the Matt O'Neil Lightning from 1996 until 1998, when it changed its name to the Boston Harbor Wolves. In 2007 the team adopted the Junior Shamrocks name...The original logo of the Matt O'Neill club was a shamrock.
In 2007 Gary Ford gained ownership of the Junior Shamrocks. In their first season as the Junior Shamrocks the team went 3-40-1 finishing with only 7 points.
In the 2008-2009 season the Shamrocks had their ups and downs. One of theirs ups was defeating EJHL powerhouse the New Hampshire Jr. Monarchs 5-2 on October 10, 2008.
Some their low points include a 16 to 6 loss at the hands of the Boston Jr. Bruins in November 2008 and a 16-1 loss to the New Hampshire Jr. Monarchs in January 2009.
The team was coached by former Boston College Eagle John Maclean. Maclean also is owner of Dynamic Skating in North Andover, Mass and is a former assistant coach at Merrimack College.
He is also an NHL scout.
In the two years of Junior Shamrocks existence. 2008-2009 forward Rob Sorrenti goes down as the teams all-time leading scorer with 14 goals and 28 assists for 42 total points.
The teams 2008-2009 All-Stars were captains Reed Hersey and Jake Lewis.
In the spring of 2009 the Boston Jr. Shamrocks were sold and relocated to an ownership group outside of Philadelphia. The team is now called the Philadelphia Revolution who competes in the Eastern Junior Hockey League, The Empire Junior Hockey League, and the Continental Hockey Association.
Notable alumni
Ryan Columbus 1996-1997 (Captain)
Keith Wallace 1996-1997 (Captain)
Phil Coleman, 1993–1995
Rob DeMarco, 1994–1995
Bruce Niemiec, 1996–1999
Luke Niemiec, 1996–1999
David Wasdyke, 1997–1998
Peter Ward, 1997–1998
Nathan Stackhouse, 1997–1998
Stephen Dixon, 1997–1998
Shane Coleman, 1996–1998
James Aborn, 1997–1999
Bryan Beers, 1997–1998
James Considine, 1997–1999
John Carter
Chris Theiss
Steve Hoar
Bobby Greenburg
Joseph Huff, 1994–1995
Tomo Tamaki, 1996–1998
James Mahoney, 1996-1998
Aaron Constable, 1996-1997
Chris Franco 1993-1996
Season-by-season results
External links
1993 establishments in Massachusetts
2009 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Defunct ice hockey teams in the United States
Hingham, Massachusetts
Ice hockey clubs disestablished in 2009
Ice hockey clubs established in 1993
Ice hockey teams in Massachusetts
Sports in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
The Hess triangle is a triangular tile mosaic set in a sidewalk in New York City's West Village neighborhood at the corner of Seventh Avenue and Christopher Street. The plaque reads "Property of the Hess Estate which has never been dedicated for public purposes." The plaque is an isosceles triangle, with a base and legs (sides).
The plaque is the result of a dispute between the city government and the estate of David Hess, a landlord from Philadelphia who owned the Voorhis, a five-story apartment building. In the early 1910s, the city claimed eminent domain to expropriate and demolish 253 buildings in the area in order to widen Seventh Avenue and expand the IRT subway. By 1913, the Hess family had exhausted all legal options. However, according to Ross Duff Wyttock writing in the Hartford Courant in 1928, Hess's heirs discovered that when the city seized the Voorhis the survey had missed a small corner of Plot 55 and they set up a notice of possession. The city asked the family to donate the diminutive property to the public, but they chose to hold out and installed the present, defiant mosaic on July 27, 1922.
In 1938 the property, reported to be the smallest plot in New York City, was sold to the adjacent Village Cigars store for . Later, Yeshiva University came to own the property, including the Hess Triangle, and in October 1995 it was sold by Yeshiva to 70 Christopher Realty Corporation. Subsequent owners have left the plaque intact.
References
Christopher Street
West Village
Individual signs in the United States
1922 establishments in New York City
Triangles
20th century in New York City
Real estate holdout
Princess Brun Njua (born 26 January 1986) is a multi award-winning Cameroonian actress and Model. She came to prominence back in 2014 after appearing on the popular ITV TV series Judge Rinder. She is the recipient of a BEFFTA star award which she won back in 2016.
Early life
Brun Njua (also known as Brunhilda Njua) was born on 26 January 1986 in Kom, which is in the Northwest Region of Cameroon. Brun lost both parents in a motor accident at the age of 14 years of age and had to fend for herself.
Personal life
Brun is the last of ten children.
Career
At 13, Brun started acting in Church Plays. Her first television appearance was on the ITV TV series Judge Rinder.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Nigerian stage actresses
Nigerian film actresses
Living people
1986 births
Mironeasa is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Mironeasa, Schitu Hadâmbului and Urșița.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Prince of Wales Class was a class of express passenger locomotive. It was in effect, a superheated version of the Experiment Class 4-6-0.
History
They were introduced in 1911 by Charles Bowen-Cooke. A total of 245 were built for the LNWR, of which 135 were built at Crewe between 1911 and 1919, and unusually for the LNWR, 110 were contracted out: 20 were built by the North British Locomotive Company in 1915–1916, and ninety were built by William Beardmore & Co. in 1921–1922.
The LNWR reused names and numbers from withdrawn locomotives, with the result that the numbering system was completely haphazard. All passed into London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) ownership on the grouping in 1923. The LMS gave them the power classification 3P. The LMS renumbered them into a more logical series of 5600–5844. A final locomotive was built by Beardmore in February 1924, which was displayed at the British Empire Exhibition that year; the LMS bought it in November 1924, and numbered it 5845. Later most of the class were again renumbered by the addition of 20000 into the 25600–25844 series in 1934–1935 to make room for Jubilee class locomotives. The arrival of Stanier 4-6-0s also displaced them from their work so withdrawals which had started in 1933 meant that by 1939 only 22 remained. Withdrawals were suspended during World War II, but recommenced in 1944, and just six were inherited by British Railways in 1948. In March 1948, the four then remaining (25648 Queen of the Belgians, 25673 Lusitania, 25752 and 25787) were allocated the numbers 58000–3, but were all withdrawn before renumbering could be applied. (The majority of LMS engines had 40000 added to their numbers but doing so would have intruded on the 6xxxx ex-LNER series).
The LNWR also built a suburban pacific tank engine version - the LNWR Prince of Wales Tank Class.
Variations included Belpaire fireboxes from 1924, and outside Walschaerts valve gear was fitted to four engines in 1923–4 and also to no. 5845 from new, to drive the inside cylinders and valves.
None has been preserved.
Accidents and incidents
On 1 January 1946, locomotive No. 25802 was hauling a passenger train that was crashed into by a fish train at station, Staffordshire due to that train being derailed by defective points. Twenty people were killed and 21 were injured.
Named locomotives
See Named LNWR "Prince of Wales" Class locomotives
Notes
References
Prince of Wales
4-6-0 locomotives
NBL locomotives
William Beardmore and Company locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1911
Standard gauge steam locomotives of Great Britain
Scrapped locomotives
Passenger locomotives
Yuri Vasilyevich Saukh () (14 September 1951 – 2 January 2021) was a Soviet football player and Russian coach and manager.
International career
Saukh made his debut for USSR on May 26, 1976 in a friendly against Hungary.
External links
Profile
1951 births
2021 deaths
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Russian footballers
Russian football managers
FC Rotor Volgograd players
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Dynamo Stavropol players
Association football defenders
The Kemmerer Main Post Office in Kemmerer, Wyoming was built in 1934 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Kemmerer was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Kemmerer Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Neoclassical architecture in Wyoming
Government buildings completed in 1934
Buildings and structures in Lincoln County, Wyoming
Kemmerer
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Lincoln County, Wyoming
Kemmerer, Wyoming
1934 establishments in Wyoming
Anton Einsle (1801–1871), an Austrian portrait painter, was born at Vienna 30 January 1801. He studied at the Academy of that city, and was largely patronized by the court and nobility. He died at Vienna 10 March 1871.
References
1801 births
1871 deaths
19th-century Austrian painters
Austrian male painters
Austrian portrait painters
Artists from Vienna
19th-century Austrian male artists
The men's hammer throw event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 12 September 1979.
Results
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Dana White's Contender Series, formerly named Dana White's Tuesday Night Contender Series, is an American mixed martial arts promotion. In May 2017, the UFC announced White would hold the competition weekly on UFC Fight Pass (It has since been moved to ESPN+). As with the earlier web series Looking for a Fight, the goal of the series is for White to scout talent for the UFC. Similar to The Ultimate Fighter none of the fighters involved will have existing UFC contracts. Licensed separately from the UFC with Dana White applying for a promoter's license, it was stated ahead of the license being approved that “this is not the UFC, this is not the UFC brand, but instead a promotion that will allow up and coming fighters the chance to showcase their talents in hopes that one day they may compete in the UFC."
The inaugural event took place on July 11, 2017. All events have been held at the UFC's home base of Las Vegas.
List of Seasons
List of Contract Winners
References
Ultimate Fighting Championship television series
1212 (MCCXII) was a leap year.
1212 may also refer to:
1212 (7L & Esoteric album), 2010
1212 (Barbara Manning album), 1997
Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. is one of the most successful football clubs in Cyprus. The club was established in 1911, but the football department was only formed in 1929. They joined the Cyprus Football Association in 1934 as a founding member, but due to financial difficulties they ceased operation of the football team in 1937. The football team was reformed in 1945 and has been in existence since then. The list of managers is currently incomplete.
Managers
Notes
References
Anorthosis Famagusta F.C.
List
Association football in Cyprus lists
Francisco "Paco" Fortes Calvo (born 4 January 1955) is a Spanish former football forward and manager.
Even though he also played for Barcelona, his career was mainly associated with Farense in Portugal, either as a player or manager.
Playing career
Born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Fortes emerged through local FC Barcelona's youth ranks, going on to spend four years with the first team and also being loaned one season to CD Málaga. He only featured regularly for the former in 1975–76 – 23 matches, three goals – adding 11 UEFA Cup appearances with three goals in two separate campaigns. He made his La Liga debut on 5 October 1975 at the age of 20, in a 3–0 home win against Granada CF.
Released by the Blaugrana in 1979, Fortes signed for neighbours RCD Español, staying with the club for three seasons. Subsequently, he joined Real Valladolid still in the top flight, going on to appear in 175 games and score 14 goals in the competition. He earned his only cap for Spain on 16 November 1975, playing 15 minutes in the 2–2 draw in Romania for the UEFA Euro 1976 qualifiers.
In the summer of 1984, the 29-year-old Fortes signed with S.C. Farense in Portugal, being relegated from the Primeira Liga in his first year but winning immediate promotion. He appeared in more than 100 official matches for the Algarve side in his five-year stint.
Coaching career
In late 1988, aged 33, Fortes retired from football and immediately started coaching Farense. He was in charge of eight games in that season, winning four and drawing two, but the team eventually could not escape relegation after ranking 18th. Promotion befell in the following campaign, as champions.
Fortes remained at the helm of the club for one full decade, managing four consecutive top-eight finishes from 1991 to 1995, including a best-ever fourth in 1994–95 as Farense qualified to the UEFA Cup for the first time in their history. He was dismissed after the 21st round in 1998–99, moving to neighbouring Imortal D.C. of the second tier.
Early into 2001–02, after only six games with C.F. União de Lamas (also division two), Fortes returned to his beloved Farense, in the midst of a severe financial crisis. He was one of four coaches during the season – this included his former player Hajry Redouane – as the team were eventually relegated. After leaving midway through the following campaign, he spent two full seasons and part of a third with C.D. Pinhalnovense in the third division.
After reuniting with Redouane at Raja Casablanca, Fortes returned to Pinhalnovense for one final year, then lost all connection with the football world. Undergoing serious financial problems, he contacted former club Barcelona's Agrupació Barça Veterans, who arranged for him to work as a controller in the Port of Barcelona.
Honours
Player
Barcelona
Copa del Rey: 1977–78
Valladolid
Copa de la Liga: 1984
Farense
Segunda Liga: 1985–86
Manager
Farense
Segunda Liga: 1989–90
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Footballers from Barcelona
Spanish footballers
Association football forwards
La Liga players
Segunda División players
FC Barcelona Atlètic players
FC Barcelona players
CD Málaga footballers
RCD Espanyol footballers
Real Valladolid players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
S.C. Farense players
Spain amateur international footballers
Spain international footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Spanish football managers
Primeira Liga managers
Liga Portugal 2 managers
S.C. Farense managers
C.D. Pinhalnovense managers
Raja CA managers
Spanish expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Portugal
Expatriate football managers in Morocco
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Morocco
Botola managers
Shine Group was an international television production and distribution group with 26 production companies across 12 countries creating scripted and non-scripted content in the global marketplace.
Shine Group companies included award-winning genre specialists such as U.K.-based Kudos (drama), Dragonfly (factual), Princess Productions (entertainment and multi-genre) and Shine TV (factual and factual entertainment); U.S. producer Shine America (formerly Reveille); and Metronome Film & Television, the Nordic region's largest production group. The group also includes Shine 360°, a group-wide ancillary and commercial rights division, Shine International, the dedicated international sales and distribution arm and unscripted formats division Shine Network.
Shine International distributed a catalogue of more than 4,000 hours of broadcast content to more than 200 territories worldwide as of the end of 2013. Internationally distributed shows from the Shine group include MasterChef (now produced in over 40 territories), The Biggest Loser, One Born Every Minute, Minute to Win It and crime drama The Bridge, which was adapted in both the U.S., and the U.K. and France in 2013.
Shine has established businesses in Germany, France, Australia, Spain and Portugal and has expanded into the children's genre in a joint venture with Teletubbies and In The Night Garden co-creator Andy Davenport. Shine also has a digital and direct to consumer business through social gaming producer Bossa Studios and the online original content producers, ChannelFlip Media.
History
Shine was founded in 2001 by Elisabeth Murdoch following her departure from BSkyB the previous year. In 2006, Shine Group acquired Kudos, Princess Productions and Dragonfly to create the Shine Group, although they still operate as four separate entities.
Shine acquired Reveille Productions in 2008. News Corporation (later 21st Century Fox, but assets are now split between The Walt Disney Company and Fox Corporation) acquired Shine Group in April 2011 for $415 million. US pension funds who are shareholders in News Corporation are suing the company accusing Murdoch of nepotism.
In May 2014, 21st Century Fox and Apollo Global Management announced the negotiation of merging their respective production companies: FOX-owned Shine Group and Apollo-controlled Endemol and CORE Media Group. The deal was finalized later in the same year.
On 17 December 2014, Shine Group announced the joint venture by 21st Century Fox with funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC, combining Endemol, Shine and CORE Media into Endemol Shine Group. As part of the new structure, Former Endemol UK CEO, Lucas Church, has been appointed Chairman of Endemol Shine UK, whilst former Endemol UK Chief Operating Officer, Richard Johnston, becomes CEO of Endemol Shine UK.
Subsidiaries
Current
Europe
Shine Iberia
Endemol Portugal
Former (from 2015, is the part of Endemol Shine Group)
UK
Brown Eyed Boy: Opened for business in 2002-05-27, it was set up by Gary Reich after leaving the BBC and Chrysalis Entertainment.
Bossa Studios: In 2011-09-06, Shine Group announced the acquisition of Bossa Studios.
ChannelFlip Media Ltd: In 2012-01-06, Shine Group announced the acquisition of ChannelFlip.
Dragonfly
Kudos
Lovely Day: Founded in 2010 by Diederick Santer with Kudos.
Princess Productions
Shine TV
Shine North
Shine International
Shine Network: Shine Group's internal formats division responsible for driving and managing the international roll out of our global formats.
Shine 360°: Group wide brand and rights management division of the Shine Group.
Shine Pictures: Shine Group's feature film division. Became part of Kudos in 2015.
START: In 2011-11-02, IGN announced the launch of "START", a new YouTube video games channel, in early 2012 by IGN Entertainment and Shine Group.
Americas
Shine America: In 2012-03-16, Shine Group announced the unveiling of Shine America.
Ardaban: In 2012-03-06, Shine America announced the launch of Ardaban, with appointment of former Notional Co-President Chachi Senior as Ardaban CEO.
Nordics
Shine Nordics AB: Joined Shine Group in 2009 as Metronome Film & Television AB. In 2014-04-05, Shine Group announced renaming Metronome Film & Television AB to Shine Nordics AB.
Friday TV AB (Sweden)
Filmlance International AB (Sweden)
Meter Television AB (Sweden)
Metronome Denmark (Metronome Productions A/S)
Shine Finland Oy (Finland)
Metronome Spartacus AS (Norway)
Rubicon TV AS (Norway)
Studios A/S (Denmark)
STO-CPH Produktion AB (Sweden)
Metronome Rental (Sweden)
HEARTLAND ApS (Denmark)
Metronome Post AB (Sweden)
Mag5 Content AB (Sweden)
Europe
Shine France
Shine Germany
Australia
Shine Australia (Shine (Aust) Pty Ltd): Formed in January 2010.
Programming
MasterChef Junior
The Undriveables
Grantchester
Humans
Restaurant Startup
Prodigies
Stripped
Anything Goes
Arne Dahl
Best Bakery
Beauty and the Geek
The Biggest Loser
The Bridge
Broadchurch
Bron
Clash of the Choirs
The Face
Got to Dance
Gracepoint
The Island
Lilyhammer
MasterChef
Minute To Win It
One Born Every Minute
Sandhamn Murders
Saturday Night Tube
Secret Street Crew
The Tunnel
Vicious
Utopia
References
External links
Former News Corporation subsidiaries
Former subsidiaries of The Walt Disney Company
Verkhnetroitskoye () is a rural locality (a village) in Starosharashlinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 16 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Verkhnetroitskoye is located 7 km north of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novotroitskoye is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Sale Water Park is a tram stop for Phase 3b of the Manchester Metrolink. It opened on 3 November 2014. and is on the Airport Line on Rifle Road near the Sale Water Park.
The stop has a 300-space car park which is free for Metrolink passengers. Despite this, the stop is one of the least used on the Metrolink network.
Services
Trams run every 12 minutes north to Victoria and south to Manchester Airport. Between 03:00 and 06:00, a service operates between Deansgate-Castlefield and Manchester Airport every 20 minutes.
Ticket zones
Sale Water Park tram stop is located in Metrolink ticket zone 3.
References
External links
Metrolink stop information
Sale Water Park area map
Light Rail Transit Association
Airport route map
Tram stops in Trafford
Sale, Greater Manchester
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 2014
2014 establishments in England
The gens Pompilia was a plebeian family at ancient Rome during the time of the Republic. The only member of the gens to attain any prominence in the Roman state was Sextus Pompilius, who was tribune of the plebs in 420 BC; however, persons by this name are occasionally found throughout the history of the Republic.
Origin
The first and most illustrious of the Pompilii at Rome was Numa Pompilius, the second King of Rome. By all accounts, Pompilius was a Sabine, renowned for his wisdom, and living at the town of Cures at the time of the death of Romulus. The tradition reported by the Roman historians is that the selection of a foreigner over one of the leading Roman citizens was urged by Rome's considerable Sabine populace, which had not only enjoyed equal status with the Latin inhabitants of Rome, but had their own king, Titus Tatius, ruling alongside Romulus for part of his reign. Tatius had been killed in a riot some years earlier, and the Sabines at Rome were eager to be governed by one of their kindred once more.
A common practice in the later Republic was for gentes to claim descent from figures associated with the founding of Rome, the companions of Aeneas, or individuals who lived in the time of the kings. At least five prominent gentes claimed descent from Numa Pompilius, but if the Pompilii themselves did so, that tradition has not survived.
The nomen Pompilius is a patronymic surname, based on the Sabine praenomen Pompo, the Oscan cognate of the Latin praenomen Quintus, meaning "fifth". The Latin equivalent of Pompilius was therefore Quinctilius, and in fact there was a family of that name at Rome. Tradition states that Numa's father was named Pompo, and that he had a son by that name as well, which seems to confirm the etymology. The Pomponii claimed descent from this son, and both their nomen and that of Pompeius are occasionally confounded with Pompilius in the ancient writers.
Members
The family of Numa
Pompo Pompilius, the father of Numa.
Numa Pompilius Pomponis f., the second King of Rome.
Mamercus Pompilius Numae f. Pomponis n., claimed as the ancestor of the gens Aemilia.
Pompo (Pompilius) Numae f. Pomponis n., claimed as the ancestor of the gens Pomponia.
Calpus (Pompilius) Numae f. Pomponis n., claimed as the ancestor of the gens Calpurnia.
Pinus (Pompilius) Numae f. Pomponis n., claimed as the ancestor of the gens Pinaria; but the Pinarii had another tradition, according to which their family originated long before the founding of the city.
Pompilia Numae f. Pomponis n., married Numa Marcius, the son of Numa Marcius, one of the companions of Numa Pompilius, who became the first Pontifex Maximus. Ancus Marcius, the fourth King of Rome, was the son of the younger Marcius and Pompilia.
Others
Sextus Pompilius, tribune of the plebs in 420 BC.
Pompilius, an eques mentioned as being among friends of Catiline.
Marcus Pompilius Andronicus, a Syrian by birth, taught rhetoric at Rome in the early first century BC.
Pompilius Rufus, instructed by Marcus Aurelius on how to dispose of an estate, the owner of which had manumitted his slaves by will, but who had no descendants to carry the will into effect.
Footnotes
See also
List of Roman gentes
References
Bibliography
Quintus Tullius Cicero, De Petitione Consulatus (attributed).
Titus Livius (Livy), History of Rome.
Plutarchus, Lives of the Noble Greeks and Romans.
Gaius Suetonius Tranquillus, De Illustribus Grammaticis (The Illustrious Grammarians).
Institutes of Justinian, Thomas Collett Sandars, ed.
Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology, William Smith, ed., Little, Brown and Company, Boston (1849).
Herbert A. Grueber, Coins of the Roman Republic in the British Museum, William Clowes and Sons, Ltd., London (1910).
Michael Grant, Roman Myths (1971).
Roman gentes
Scharans (Romansh: Scharons) is a municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
History
Scharans is first mentioned in 1200 as agrum Schraunis.
Geography
Scharans has an area, , of . Of this area, 26.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 62% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 2.9% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (9%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Domleschg sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It consists of the haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) of Scharans and the hamlets of St. Agata, Stufels, Parnegl and Prin. It is located on a low terrace on the right hand side of the Albula and Hinterrhein rivers.
Demographics
Scharans has a population (as of ) of . , 5.1% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 14.9%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.1% male and 50.9% female. The age distribution, , in Scharans is; 267 people or 8.7% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 155 people or 5.1% are 10 to 14, and 281 people or 9.2% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 460 people or 15.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 541 people or 17.6% are 30 to 39, 462 people or 15.1% are 40 to 49, and 385 people or 12.5% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 209 people or 6.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 189 people or 6.2% are 70 to 79, there are 103 people or 3.4% who are 80 to 89, and there are 17 people or 0.6% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 37.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (34.4%), the FDP (15.8%) and the CVP (6.6%).
In Scharans about 74.9% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Scharans has an unemployment rate of 1.08%. , there were 32 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 15 businesses involved in this sector. 21 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 6 businesses in this sector. 236 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 23 businesses in this sector.
From the , 1,180 or 38.4% are Roman Catholic, while 1,510 or 49.2% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there are less than 5 individuals who belong to the Christian Catholic faith, there are 76 individuals (or about 2.48% of the population) who belong to the Orthodox Church, and there are 60 individuals (or about 1.96% of the population) who belong to another Christian church. There are 19 (or about 0.62% of the population) who are Islamic. There are 11 individuals (or about 0.36% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), 135 (or about 4.40% of the population) belong to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 78 individuals (or about 2.54% of the population) did not answer the question.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (95.7%), with Romansh being second most common ( 2.1%) and Italian being third ( 0.9%).
Heritage sites of national significance
The Haus Bardill (formerly known as Haus Gees) is listed as a Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
References
External links
Official Web site
Municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Munson Rufus Hill (May 4, 1821 – October 24, 1867) was an American lawyer, politician and Confederate officer. Hill was born in Monroe County, New York. In 1839 he moved to Dyersburg, Tennessee and then Trenton, Tennessee ten years later. He attended Cazenovia Seminary in New York. In his antebellum career, he served as a lawyer and in the Tennessee state legislature, and married Elizabeth Hale. Hill was appointed colonel with the 47th Tennessee Infantry Regiment. He resigned his colonelship on January 5, 1863 due to "remittant [sic] fever" and gastroenteritis. Later that year, he lost a race for the Confederate States Congress. Hill died on October 24, 1867 of yellow fever in Memphis. He is buried at Oakland Cemetery in Trenton, Tennessee. Hill's step-brother Lyman Rufus Casey was a U.S. Senator from South Dakota.
References
Members of the Tennessee General Assembly
1821 births
1867 deaths
Tennessee lawyers
Confederate States Army officers
People from Monroe County, New York
People from Dyersburg, Tennessee
People from Trenton, Tennessee
People of Tennessee in the American Civil War
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Elizabeth Fritsch CBE (born 1940) is a British studio potter and ceramic artist born into a Welsh family in Whitchurch on the Shropshire border. Her innovative hand built and painted pots are often influenced by ideas from music, painting, literature, landscape and architecture.
Biography
Elizabeth Fritsch is a studio potter and ceramic artist. She uses fine technically proficient hand built coiling techniques; architectural ceramic form, optical effects and surface design which, are usually hand painted with coloured slips. The stoneware are biscuit fired and often re-fired a number of times. Each Fritsch pot is unique, individual and distinctive. They are usually displayed in selected groups and themes set to the artist's requirements.
Fritsch initially studied at the Birmingham School of Music studying harp, and then piano at the Royal Academy of Music from 1958 to 1964; but she later took up ceramics under Hans Coper and Eduardo Paolozzi at the Royal College of Art from 1968 to 1971. Adopting her career name from her marriage to Jean Mathis-Fritsch (m.1966-71) she had a son Bertie born in 1966. In the seventies Fritsch, was one of the first of a group of progressive 'New Ceramics' to emerge from the Royal College of Art, along with other ceramicists including Alison Britton, Carol McNicoll and Jacqueline Poncelet. Under David Queensbury, the group formed a shift and influence in British ceramic art, breaking away from the more traditional forms, colour, design and function of the more utilitarian ceramics that had preceded. Fritsch lived and worked at Digswell Arts Trust from 1975 to 1983. Her daughter Ruby Hughes was born in 1980 and in the same year was awarded the John Ruskin Bursary for a fictional archaeology project. This project went into developing an important new body of work and shift in the artist career.'Pots from Nowhere'(fictional archaeology) was shown at the Royal College of Art by Queensberry Hunt in 1984.
In 1985, Fritsch set up a studio in London. Since her first show in 1972, Fritsch has had a number of solo shows. In 1996 and 2001 she was shortlisted for the Jerwood Prize for Ceramics. Fritsch's work is represented in major art collections and museums in more than nine countries and her work is represented in major British art museum collections. A major retrospective was held at the National Museum Cardiff, in 2010, featuring a complete range of her most significant studio pottery and recent pieces. Since the late 1970s Fritsch has considered "the space between the second and third dimensions", in her work; a concept she first described as "two-and-a-half dimensions" with her distinctive rhythmic patterns and optical effects. Dynamic Structures: Painted Vessels also marked her 70th birthday.
Awards
2001: Shortlisted for Jerwood Prize for Applied Arts 2001: Ceramics
1996: Shortlisted for Jerwood Prize for Applied Arts 1996: Ceramics
1995: Awarded CBE:Commander of the British Empire
1995: Elected Senior Fellowship, Royal College of Art
1993: Gold Medali, Visuelle Spiele, International Handwerksmesse München, Germany
1987: Bernard Leach Centenary Post Office Stamp issue with Hans Coper & Lucie Rie
1980: John Ruskin Bursary for Fictional Archaeology project
1976: Gold Medal, International Ceramics Competition, Sopot, Poland
1972: Prize Winner, Royal Copenhagen Jubilee
1970: Silver Medal Royal College of Art: Herbert Read Memorial Prize
Museum and public collections
Aberystwyth Arts Centre, Aberystwyth, Wales
Aberdeen Art Gallery & Museum, Aberdeen
Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery, Birmingham
Bolton Museum and Art Gallery, Bolton
Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery, Bristol
British Council, Great Britain
Crafts Council, London
Laing Art Gallery, Newcastle, Tyne & Wear
Lotherton Hall, Leeds, Yorkshire
Manchester Art Gallery, Manchester
Middlesbrough Institute of Modern Art, Middlesbrough
National Museums Liverpool, Merseyside
National Museum of Scotland, Edinburgh
National Museum of Wales,
Norwich Castle Museum & Art Gallery, Norwich
The Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge
Victoria and Albert Museum, London
York Art Gallery, York
Kunstindustrimuseet, Copenhagen, Denmark
Musée des Arts Décoratifs, Paris, France
Museum für Kunst und Gewerbe Hamburg, Germany
Museum of Design, Zürich Museum Bellerive, Zurich, Switzerland
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
National Gallery of Australia, Canberra, Australia
National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne, Australia
Art Gallery of South Australia, Adelaide, Australia
National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo, Japan
Solo exhibitions
2010: National Museum Cardiff, Wales, UK. Dynamic Structures: Painted Vessels, October 2010– January 2011
2008: Fine Art Society - London November -December.
2007: Retrospective, Bonhams, London
2007: Anthony Hepworth Gallery, Bath
2000: Metaphysical Vessels, Mobilia Gallery, Cambridge, Massachusetts
2000: Memory of Architecture, Part II, Besson Gallery, London
1998: Sea Pieces, Contemporary Applied Arts, London
1995–6: Retrospective touring to Munich, Karlsruhe, Halle and Bellerive, Zurich
1995: Metaphysical Pots, Bellerive Museum
1994–5: Order and Chaos, Bellas Artes, Santa Fe, New Mexico
1994: Osiris Gallery, Brussels
1993–5: Vessels from Another World, Northern Centre for the Contemporary Arts, Sunderland, travelling to Aberdeen, Birmingham, Cardiff, London, Norwich, UK
1992–3: Retrospective, Pilscheur Fine Art, London
1991: Hetjens Museum, Düsseldorf, Germany
1990: Cross Rhythms and Counterpoint, Edinburgh, Scotland
1978: Leeds Galleries, Temple Newsham; travelled to Glasgow, Bristol, Gateshead, Bolton, and V&A, London
1976: British Craft Centre, London
1974: Waterloo Place Gallery, London
1972: Bing and Grondahl, Copenhagen
Bibliography
Edward Lucie-Smith on Elizabeth Fritsch: Vessels from another World, Metaphysical pots Painted Stoneware, Bellew Publishing, 1993.
Peter Dormer and David Cripps “Elizabeth Fritsch in Studio – A view”, In Studio Series, Bellew, London, 1985.
Elizabeth Fritsch, pots about music. Authors: Elizabeth Fritsch, David Cripps, Leeds City Art Gallery (England), David Queensberry, Alison Britton, Ian Bennett. Publisher, Leeds Art Galleries, 1978, ASIN B0007AT9X2
E. Cameron & P. Lewis, Potters on Pottery, Elizabeth Fritsch, pgs. 62-69 Evans Brothers, London 1976.
Articles
The Wall Street Journal "A New Spin on Ceramics" by Margaret Studer, 18 May 2006
Moira Vincentelli Women & Ceramics, Gendered Vessels, Manchester University Press, 2000, p. 249. ,
Garth Clark The Potter's Art, Phaidon 1995, pp. 200–201. ,
John Houston The Abstract Pot forms of expression and decoration by nine artist potters, Bellew Publishing, 1991.
Fischer Fine Art (1986) Nine Potters: Bernard Leach, Katherine Pleydell-Bouverie, Michael Cardew, Hans Coper, Lucie Rie, Elizabeth Fritsch, Ewen Henderson, Elizabeth Raeburn, Claudi Casanovas, Catalogue of an exhibition held at Fisher Fine Art, 1986. ASIN B001ON0RX2
John Russell Taylor, "Elizabeth Fritsch: Pots About Music" Ceramic Review, 58 Jul/Aug 1979 pgs 30–33.
J.D.H. Catleugh "Recent Pots: Improvisations from Earth to Air", Ceramic Review, 44 Mar/Apr 1977 pg 7.
Broadcasts and podcasts
British library, Sounds Oral History, On 6 July 2004, (1 of 14) National Life Stories Collection: Crafts' Lives
BBC Private Passions, Classic Arts Production, On 14 April 2001 Michael Berkeley's guest was Elizabeth Fritsch
Victoria and Albert Museum, London, Ceramic Points of View: 'Optical Pot', by Elizabeth Fritsch Video Podcasts
References
1940 births
Living people
People from Whitchurch, Shropshire
20th-century British women artists
21st-century British women artists
Alumni of Birmingham Conservatoire
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
British potters
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Woman potters
British women ceramicists
Gorka Guruzeta Rodríguez (born 12 September 1996) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a striker.
Club career
Born in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa, Basque Country, Guruzeta joined Athletic Bilbao's youth setup in 2014, from Antiguoko KE. He made his debut as a senior with the farm team in the 2014–15 campaign, in Tercera División.
On 18 December 2015, profiting from the injury of Asier Villalibre, Guruzeta was promoted to the reserves in Segunda División. He made his professional debut three days later, starting in a 1–1 home draw against CD Lugo.
Guruzeta made his first-team – and La Liga – debut on 27 August 2018, replacing Markel Susaeta late into a 2–2 home draw against SD Huesca; he went on to appear in eight more leagues and Copa del Rey matches during the campaign, with one goal in a cup fixture away to Sevilla FC (Athletic won on the night but lost the tie on aggregate). In April 2019, back playing for the B-team in the third tier, he suffered a serious injury, rupturing the anterior cruciate ligament of his right knee. He made a successful recovery but did not play again for the first team.
On 1 September 2020, Guruzeta terminated his contract with the Lions, and signed a three-year contract with second division newcomers CE Sabadell FC just hours later, with Athletic retaining an option until 2022 to buy him back. He scored his first professional goal on 22 November, netting his team's second in a 3–1 home success over UD Las Palmas.
On 16 July 2021, after suffering relegation, Guruzeta signed for SD Amorebieta. On 3 July of the following year, after scoring 13 goals as his side suffered relegation, he returned to Athletic on a two-year contract.
Personal life
Guruzeta's father, Xabier, was also a footballer; a central defender, he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career. His younger brother Jon, who plays as a right winger, also began his career at Antiguoko before agreeing to join Athletic Bilbao's cantera in 2018.
Career statistics
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from San Sebastián
Association football forwards
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Antiguoko players
CD Basconia footballers
Bilbao Athletic footballers
Athletic Bilbao footballers
CE Sabadell FC footballers
SD Amorebieta footballers
Bernat Martínez Mas (10 January 1980 – 19 July 2015) was a Spanish motorcycle racer. At international level, he competed in the European Superstock 1000 Championship, the Superbike World Championship, the Supersport World Championship and the Moto2 World Championship. He died on 19 July 2015 along with Dani Rivas due to injuries sustained in an accident in Laguna Seca.
Career statistics
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key)
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
1980 births
2015 deaths
Spanish motorcycle racers
Moto2 World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Superbike World Championship riders
AMA Superbike Championship riders
Motorcycle racers who died while racing
Mecistophylla disema is a species of snout moth in the genus Mecistophylla. It was described by Oswald Bertram Lower in 1905 and is known from Australia, including Victoria.
References
Moths described in 1905
Tirathabini
The Theodotos inscription is the earliest known inscription from a synagogue. It was found in December 1913 by Raymond Weill in Wadi Hilweh (known as the City of David).
It is the earliest-known evidence of a synagogue building in the region of Palestine.
The ten-line inscription is on an ashlar stone measuring 71x45cm.
Discovery
The inscription was found during Weill's excavations, in a cistern labelled "C2". Weill described the cistern as being filled with "large discarded wall materials, sometimes deposited in a certain order, enormous rubble stones, numerous cubic blocks with well-cut sides, a few sections of columns: someone filled this hole with the debris of a demolished building".
Inscription
Greek script
ΘΕΟΔΟΤΟΣ ΟΥΕΤΤΗΝΟΥ ΙΕΡΕΥΣ ΚΑΙ
ΑΡΧΙΣΥΝΑΓΩΓΟΣ ΥΙΟΣ ΑΡΧΙΣΥΝ(ΑΓΩ)
Γ(Ο)Υ ΥΙΩΝΟΣ ΑΡΧΙΣΥΝ(Α)ΓΩΓΟΥ ΩΚΟ
ΔΟΜΗΣΕ ΤΗΝ ΣΥΝΑΓΩΓ(Η)Ν ΕΙΣ ΑΝ(ΑΓ)ΝΩ
Σ(ΙΝ) ΝΟΜΟΥ ΚΑΙ ΕΙΣ (Δ)ΙΔAΧ(Η)Ν ΕΝΤΟΛΩΝ
ΤΟΝ ΞΕΝΩΝΑ ΚΑ(Ι TΑ) ΔΩΜΑΤΑ ΚΑΙ ΤΑ ΧΡΗ
Σ(Τ)ΗΡΙΑ ΤΩΝ ΥΔΑΤΩΝ ΕΙΣ ΚΑΤΑΛΥΜΑ ΤΟΙ
Σ(Χ)ΡΗΖΟΥΣΙΝ ΑΠΟ ΤΗΣ ΞΕ(Ν)ΗΣ ΗΝ ΕΘΕΜΕ
Λ(ΙΩ)ΣΑΝ ΟΙ ΠΑΤΕΡΕΣ (Α)ΥΤΟΥ ΚΑΙ ΟΙ ΠΡΕ
Σ(Β)ΥΤΕΡΟΙ ΚΑΙ ΣΙΜΩΝ(Ι)ΔΗΣ
Transliteration
Th[e]ódotos Ouettḗnou, hiereùs kaì | a[r]chisynágōgos, yiòs archisyn[agṓ]|g[o]y, yionòs archisyn[a]gṓgou, ōko|dómēse tḕn synagog[ḗ]n eis an[ágn]ō||s[in] nómou kaí eis [d]idach[ḕ]n entolο̂n, kaí t[ò]n xenο̂na, ka[ì tà] dṓmata kaì tà chrē|s[t]ḗria tòn hydátōn eis katályma toî|s [ch]rḗzousin apò tês xé[n]ēs, hḕn etheme|l[íō]san hoi patéres [a]utoù kaí hoi pre||s[b]ýteroi kaì Simon[í]dēs.
Translation
Theodotos son of Vettenus, priest and head of the synagogue (archisynágōgos), son of a head of the synagogue, and grandson of a head of the synagogue, built the synagogue for the reading of the law and for the teaching of the commandments, as well as the guest room, the chambers, and the water fittings as an inn for those in need from abroad, the synagogue which his fathers founded with the elders and Simonides.
Notes
Bibliography
Secondary sources
John S. Kloppenborg, “Dating Theodotus (CIJ II 1404),” Journal of Jewish Studies 51 (2000) 243-280
John S. Kloppenborg: The Theodotos Synagogue Inscription and the Problem of First-Century Synagogue Buildings. In: James H. Charlesworth (Hrsg.): Jesus and Archaeology. Eerdmans, Grand Rapids 2006, S. 236–282.
Jonathan J. Price: Synagogue building inscription of Theodotos in Greek, 1 c. BCE–1 c. CE. In: Hannah M. Cotton u. a. (Hrsg.): Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae. Bd. 1: Jerusalem, Teil 1. De Gruyter, Berlin 2010, S. 53–56 (online).
Gustav Adolf Deissmann: Licht vom Osten. Das Neue Testament und die neuentdeckten Texte der hellenistisch-römischen Welt. 4., völlig neubearbeitete Auflage. Mohr, Tübingen 1923, S. 379–380.
Rachel Hachlili: Ancient Synagogues – Archaeology and Art: New Discoveries and Current Research (= Handbook of Oriental Studies, Section 1: Ancient Near East. Band 105). Brill, Leiden 2013, S. 523–526. (online)
Howard Clark Kee: The Transformation of the Synagogue After 70 C.E.: Its Import for Early Christianity. In: New Testament Studies. Band 36, Nr. 1, 1990, S. 1–24 (Extract).
Howard Clark Kee: Defining the First-Century CE Synagogue: Problems and Progress. In: New Testament Studies. Band 41, Nr. 4, 1995, S. 481–500 (Extract).
Max Küchler: Jerusalem. Ein Handbuch und Studienreiseführer zur Heiligen Stadt. Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, Göttingen 2007, .
Charles Simon Clermont-Ganneau, Une inscription grecque sur bloc de calcaire, découverte à Jérusalem sur le mont Ophel, Comptes rendus des séances de l'Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres Année 1920 64-3 pp. 187-189
Charles Simon Clermont-Ganneau. “Découverte a Jérusalem D'une Synagogue De L'epoque Hérodienne.” Syria, vol. 1, no. 3, 1920, pp. 190–197. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/4195086
Primary sources
Raymond Weill: La Cité de David. Campagne de 1913–1914. Geuthner, Paris 1920 (archive).
Ancient synagogues
Greek inscriptions
The 2017–18 season was the 113th season of competitive football in Turkey.
Pre-season
League tables
Süper Lig
1.Lig
Turkish Cup
Teams seeded for the group stages: Konyaspor (defending champions), Beşiktaş (1st in the Süper Lig), İstanbul Başakşehir (2nd), and Fenerbahçe (3rd).
Teams seeded for the play-off round: Galatasaray (4th in the Süper Lig), Antalyaspor (5th), Trabzonspor (6th), Akhisar Belediyespor (7th), Gençlerbirliği (8th), Kasımpaşa S.K. (10th), Kardemir Karabükspor (11th), Alanyaspor (12th), Osmanlıspor (13th), Bursaspor (14th), Kayserispor (15th), Sivasspor (1.Lig champions), Yeni Malatyaspor (1.Lig runners-up), and Göztepe (promoted from the 1.Lig)
Teams seeded for the second round: Çaykur Rizespor (16th in the Süper Lig), Gaziantepspor (17th), Adanaspor (18th), Eskişehirspor (3rd in the 1.Lig), Boluspor (4th), Giresunspor (6th), Altınordu (7th), Ümraniyespor (8th), Balıkesirspor (9th), Elazığspor (10th), Denizlispor (11th), Manisaspor (12th), Gaziantep B.B. (13th), Adana Demirspor (14th), Samsunspor (15th), Şanlıurfaspor (16th in the 1.Lig), Bandırmaspor (17th), Mersin İdman Yurdu (18th),
National team
Friendlies
2018 FIFA World Cup qualification
Turkish clubs in Europe
UEFA Champions League
Third qualifying round
|}
Play-off Round
|}
Group Stage
Group G
Round of 16
|}
UEFA Europa League
Second qualifying round
|}
Third qualifying round
|}
Play-off Round
|}
Group stage
Group C
Group I
References
Seasons in Turkish football
Turkish 2017
Epichloë sylvatica is a haploid sexual species in the fungal genus Epichloë.
A systemic and seed-transmissible grass symbiont first described in 1998, Epichloë sylvatica forms a clade within the Epichloë typhina complex.
Epichloë sylvatica is found from Europe to Asia, where it has been identified in association with two grass species, Brachypodium sylvaticum and Hordelymus europaeus.
Subspecies
Epichloë sylvatica has one subspecies, Epichloë sylvatica subsp. pollinensis Leuchtm. & M. Oberhofer. Described in 2013, Epichloë sylvatica subsp. pollinensis has been found in Europe in the grass species Hordelymus europaeus.
References
sylvatica
Fungi described in 1998
Fungi of Asia
Fungi of Europe
Rein Pill (born on 13 January 1961 in Tallinn) is an Estonian equestrian.
Since 1979 he has been a member of Estonian national team and from 1986 to 1991 a member of Soviet team. In 1997, 2010, 2017 and 2018 he competed at FEI World Cup Jumping Final. From 1980 to 2018 he became forty-time Estonian champion in different equestrian sport disciplines. 2002 he won Tallinn International Horse Show.
Since 2017 he is a member of the board of Estonian Equestrian Federation.
References
Living people
1961 births
Estonian male equestrians
Soviet male equestrians
Sportspeople from Tallinn
Sir Anthony Mildmay (died 1617) of Apethorpe Palace, Northamptonshire, served as a Member of Parliament for Wiltshire from 1584 to 1586 and as English ambassador in Paris in 1597.
Origins
Mildmay was the eldest son of Sir Walter Mildmay (d.1589) of Apethorpe, Chancellor of the Exchequer to Queen Elizabeth I and founder of Emmanuel College, Cambridge, by his wife Mary Walsingham, a sister of Sir Francis Walsingham.
Career
He was educated at Peterhouse, Cambridge, and delivered an oration with much success when Queen Elizabeth I visited the College on 9 August 1564. He entered Gray's Inn in 1579. He served as Sheriff of Northamptonshire for 1580 and 1592. He was a Member of Parliament for Newton in Lancashire, in 1571, and for Wiltshire from 1584 to 1586. and for Westminster in 1597.
He was knighted in 1596, when he was appointed as Ambassador to France during the reign of King Henry IV of France. "I always knew him," wrote Chamberlain soon after Mildmay had settled in Paris, "to be paucorum hominum, yet he hath ever showed himself an honourable fast frend where he found vertue and desert". The French King complained of Mildmay's ungenial manner and of the coldness with which he listened to the praises of Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex. At an interview in March 1597 Henry ordered him out of his chamber and threatened to strike him. He returned home later in the year, and declined an invitation to resume the post in 1598.
Marriage and children
In 1567 he married Grace Sherington (d. 27 July 1620), a daughter and co-heiress of Sir Henry Sherington of Lacock Abbey in Wiltshire, by whom he left an only child and heiress:
Mary Mildmay, who married Francis Fane, 1st Earl of Westmorland and was the mother of Mildmay Fane, 2nd Earl of Westmorland.
Death and burial
He died on 11 September 1617 and was buried in St Leonard's Church, Apethorpe, where his elaborate marble monument with recumbent effigies of himself and his wife survives. His portrait survives at Emmanuel College, Cambridge.
References
Attribution
External links
"MILDMAY, Anthony (c.1549-1617) of Apethorpe, Northants" at historyofparliamentonline.org
1617 deaths
Alumni of Peterhouse, Cambridge
Ambassadors of England to France
16th-century births
People from North Northamptonshire
17th-century English diplomats
High Sheriffs of Northamptonshire
Walsingham family
Anthony
16th-century English diplomats
English MPs 1571
English MPs 1584–1585
English MPs 1597–1598
Ruuli (or Ruruuli) is the Bantu language spoken by the Baruuli and Banyala people of Uganda primarily in Nakasongola and Kayunga districts. It is closely related to Ganda and Gwere.
References
Languages of Uganda
Nyoro-Ganda languages
Kevin Anthony Tolar (born January 28, 1971) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher. He played in parts of three seasons at the major league level for the Detroit Tigers and Boston Red Sox.
He was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 9th round of the 1989 amateur draft. Tolar played his first professional season with their Rookie league Gulf Coast League White Sox in 1989, and his last with the independent Atlantic League's Long Island Ducks in 2006. He played his last affiliated season in 2005 for the Triple-A affiliates of the Arizona Diamondbacks (Tucson Sidewinders) and the Toronto Blue Jays (Syracuse SkyChiefs).
After that, Tolar has played for the Aragua Tigers club of the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League (2006–2008), and the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Detroit Tigers players
Boston Red Sox players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Florida
Nashville Sounds players
Canton-Akron Indians players
Long Island Ducks players
Gulf Coast White Sox players
Utica Blue Sox players
South Bend White Sox players
Salinas Spurs players
Sarasota White Sox players
Carolina Mudcats players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Binghamton Mets players
St. Lucie Mets players
Indianapolis Indians players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Jacksonville Suns players
Pawtucket Red Sox players
Iowa Cubs players
Tucson Sidewinders players
Syracuse SkyChiefs players
Chinatrust Whales players
Kızıllar is a village in the Çavdır district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Çavdır District
Clement Geitner House is a historic home located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1882, and is a two-story, double pile brick dwelling on a stone foundation. It has a central hall plan and one-story full-width front porch. It has a large, -story brick veneer rear addition dated to the mid-20th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
Hickory, North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1882
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Guinea competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.
Results by event
Athletics
Men
Track and road events
Women
Track and road events
Boxing
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1996 Summer Olympics
1996
Oly
Ricardo Tonieto (born 22 March 1962) is a Brazilian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1962 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from São Paulo
Francisco Ramon Chamorro Piva (born 7 August 1981) is an Argentine former professional racing cyclist. He competed at the 2016 UCI Road World Championships in the road race, but he failed to finish.
Major results
2003 – Caloi-Extra-Cairu
1st GP São Paulo
2006 – CESC-Sundown-São Caetano do Sul
1st Volta Do ABC Paulista
1st Stage 1b Volta de Goias
10th Copa América de Ciclismo
2007 – CESC-Sundown-São Caetano do Sul
1st Copa da Republica de Ciclismo
1st GP São Paulo
Vuelta del Uruguay
1st Stages 1 & 10
2nd Copa América de Ciclismo
3rd Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho
2008 – CESC-Sundown-São Caetano do Sul
1st Volta Do ABC Paulista
1st Stage 7 Volta de São Paulo
2nd Copa América de Ciclismo
2009 –
1st Overall Doble San Francisco-Miramar
1st Stages 1 & 2
1st Copa América de Ciclismo
1st Copa Hilário Diegues
1st GP Tiradentes
Torneio de Verão
1st Stages 1 & 4
1st Stage 2 Volta Gasol
3rd Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho
8th Overall Rutas de América
1st Stages 3 & 5a
2010 –
1st Prova Ciclística 1° de Maio
1st Giro Memorial Atribuna
1st Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho
1st Copa da Republica de Ciclismo
1st Stage 5 Volta de São Paulo
1st Stage 1 Doble San Francisco-Miramar
2011
1st Prova TV Atalai
1st GP São Paulo
1st Copa da Republica de Ciclismo
2012 –
1st Copa América de Ciclismo
Rutas de América
1st Stages 3 & 4a
Tour do Brasil
1st Stages 1 & 8
2013 –
1st Copa América de Ciclismo
2015
Vuelta del Uruguay
1st Stages 2, 3, 6 & 8
2nd Copa América de Ciclismo
2017
1st Stage 3b Vuelta del Uruguay
4th Road race, Pan American Road Championships
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Argentine male cyclists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Masasada (written: or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese daimyō
, Japanese daimyō
Japanese masculine given names
Eclipse of Reason is a 1947 book by Max Horkheimer, in which the author discusses how the Nazis were able to project their agenda as "reasonable", but also identifies the pragmatism of John Dewey as problematic, due to his emphasis on the instrumental dimension of reasoning.
Summary
Horkheimer deals with the concept of reason within the history of western philosophy. He defines true reason as rationality, which can only be fostered in an environment of free, critical thinking. He details the difference between objective, subjective and instrumental reason, and states that we have moved from the former through the center and into the latter (though subjective and instrumental reason are closely connected). Objective reason deals with universal truths that dictate that an action is either right or wrong. It is a concrete concept, and a force in the world that requires specific modes of behavior. The focus in the objective faculty of reason is on the ends, rather than the means. Subjective reason is an abstract concept of reason, and focuses primarily on means. Specifically, the reasonable nature of the purpose of action is irrelevant - the ends only serve the purpose of the subject (generally self-advancement or preservation). To be "reasonable" in this context is to be suited to a particular purpose, to be "good for something else". This aspect of reason is universally conforming, and easily furnishes ideology. In instrumental reason, the sole criterion of reason is its operational value or purposefulness, and with this, the idea of truth becomes contingent on mere subjective preference (hence the relation with subjective reason).
Horkheimer argues that modern philosophy has increasingly advocated subjective rationality to the point of rejecting any form of meaning or objective rationality and enabling technocracy. He associates the decline in objective rationality in philosophy with a mechanical worldview, disenchantment and the decline of a belief in a living or holistic nature. Although he denounces a wide range of contemporary philosophical schools of thought, Horkheimer asserts that these trends are epitomized in positivism, a term he defines broadly.
Because subjective/instrumental reason rules, the ideals of a society, for example democratic ideals, become dependent on the "interests" of the people instead of being dependent on objective truths. Nevertheless, Horkheimer admits that objective reason has its roots in Reason ("Logos" in Greek) of the subject. He concludes, If by enlightenment and intellectual progress we mean the freeing of man from superstitious belief in evil forces, in demons and fairies, in blind fate – in short, the emancipation from fear - then denunciation of what is currently called reason is the greatest service we can render.
Influence
Horkheimer's argument in Eclipse of Reason that social repression demands the repression of the natural environment and of human nature influenced later developments in ecofeminism.
Bibliography
; reprint Continuum International Publishing Group, 2004,
References
1947 non-fiction books
Books about Nazism
Exilliteratur
Oxford University Press books
Works by Max Horkheimer
Thomas Chalmers Fisher (November 1, 1880 – September 3, 1972) was a professional baseball pitcher. The 5"10½", . right-hander played one season in Major League Baseball for the Boston Beaneaters in 1904.
Fisher made his major league debut in relief on April 17, 1904 against the Brooklyn Superbas at Washington Park. His first major league win came as a starter on May 10 against the Chicago Cubs at West Side Park. The score was 7-1. He pitched his first shutout five days later at Robison Field, a 1–0 decision over the St. Louis Cardinals.
He ended his season and career with a 6–16 record for the 55-98 Beaneaters. Other totals include 31 games pitched, 21 games started, 19 complete games, 2 shutouts, 9 games finished, and an earned run average of 4.25 in 214 innings pitched. He struck out 84 and walked 82. He also played six games in center field, and in a total of 39 games played had a batting average of .212 (21-for-99) with 2 home runs and 8 RBI.
Fisher died in his hometown of Anderson, Indiana, at the age of 91.
Trivia
Fisher's nickname was "Red."
External links
Retrosheet
Major League Baseball pitchers
Boston Beaneaters players
Youngstown Puddlers players
Wheeling Nailers (baseball) players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Bloomington Blues players
Shreveport Giants players
Shreveport Pirates (baseball) players
Mobile Seagulls players
Atlanta Crackers players
Minor league baseball managers
Baseball players from Indiana
Sportspeople from Anderson, Indiana
1880 births
1972 deaths
In Amguel (Arabic: عين امقل, lit. Amguel spring) is a town and commune in Tamanrasset District, Tamanrasset Province, Algeria. According to the 2008 census it has a population of 4,208, up from 3,030 in 1998, with an annual growth rate of 3.4%. Its postal code is 11100 and its municipal code is 1109.
Geography
In Amguel lies at an elevation of on the southern bank of a wadi that cuts through a plateau lying to the northwest of the Hoggar Mountains. The numerous wadis in the area support some vegetation, but beyond them the land is barren and rocky.
In Amguel is notable for being the location of several underground nuclear tests conducted by the French military. They include the now infamous Béryl incident which released a cloud of radioactive dust outside the tunnel entrance, contaminating officials viewing the test.
Climate
In Amguel has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh), with very hot summers and mild winters, and very little precipitation throughout the year.
Transportation
In Amguel is located on the N1 national highway, leading north to In Salah and south to Tamanrasset. Just to the south of the town, the N55 branches from the N1, leading to Bordj El Houasse.
Education
4.2% of the population has a tertiary education, and another 11.4% has completed secondary education. The overall literacy rate is 71.1%, and is 77.7% among males and 63.8% among females.
Localities
The commune is composed of eight localities:
In Amguel
In Eker
Tasnou
Maniet
Arak
Tahaggart
Région de Ahnat
Imidir
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Communes of Tamanrasset Province
Tuareg
Graeme Rowley Aerodrome is located about 10 km northwest of Fortescue Metals Group's Christmas Creek mine in Western Australia.
Airlines and destinations
See also
Fortescue Dave Forrest Airport
List of airports in Western Australia
Aviation transport in Australia
References
External links
Airservices Aerodromes & Procedure Charts
Fortescue Metals Group
Pilbara airports
Athletics competitions have been held at the South Asian Games since the inaugural edition of the South Asian Federation Games in 1984 in Kathmandu, Nepal.
South Asian Games
Game records
External links
Athletics medallists from 1984–2004 South Asian Games
South Asian Games Athletics Records
Sports at the South Asian Games
South Asian Games
South Asian Games
The Marshal's Star () is an additional badge of rank worn by marshals of the armed forces of the Soviet Union, and subsequently the Russian Federation.
Overview
The armed forces of the Soviet Union and the Russian Federation have two such insignia for higher military ranks, both in the form of a five-pointed star of gold and platinum with diamonds. They are worn around neck when in parade uniform (originally under the collar of the parade tunic, since 1955 on top of the necktie). There are two different sizes of star available, with the official name, size and number of diamonds corresponding to the marshal's rank. Informally they are known as the "Large Marshal's Star" and the "Small Marshal's Star". The official names of the Marshal's Stars have changed over time, depending on which ranks received the right to wear them.
The Marshal's Stars correspond with the western use of the marshal's baton. On the death of the recipient, the award is returned to the Diamond Fund for re-use.
Marshal's Stars were first awarded to holders of the ranks Marshal of the Soviet Union and Admiral of the Fleet of the Soviet Union. In time, smaller stars were awarded to chief marshals of the branch, marshals of the branch, Army Generals and Fleet Admirals.
Large Marshal's Star
Description
It is a gold five-pointed star with smooth diagonal rays on the front side. In the center is a platinum, five-pointed star with diamonds. The diamonds in the center have a total weight of 2.62 carats and in the rays there are 25 diamonds weighing a total of 1.25 carats. Between the edges of rays are 5 diamonds weighing a total of 3.06 carats. The diameter of the gold star is and the platinum stars are in diameter. The star has a depth of .
The Marshal's Star has a triangular eyelet in the upper beam which is connected to an oval eyelet measuring . The Marshal's Star is suspended by a moire ribbon. The total weight of the Large Marshal's Star is . Approximately 200 of this type of Marshal's Star were produced.
Use in the Soviet Union
The Large Marshal's Star was the distinction insignia for OF10-ranks as follows:
From 2 September 1940 for holders of the rank Marshal of the Soviet Union
From 3 March 1955 for holders of the rank Admiral of the Fleet of the Soviet Union
Use in the Russian Federation
In the armed forces of the Russian Federation, the Large Marshal's Star was the defining insignia for marshals of the Russian Federation from 1993 until 21 January 1997. In 2013, new shoulder insignia were instituted in the Russian Federation for generals of the army, fleet admirals, and generals of the army (air force). Additionally, these ranks are now entitled to the Marshal's Star of a new design—now in the pattern of a cross overlain with the Russian coat of arm's double-headed eagle in gold.
Small Marshal's Star
Description
The decoration is a five-pointed gold star with smooth dihedral rays on the obverse. On top of the gold star there is a smaller five-pointed star made of platinum. In the center of the platinum star there is a 2.04-carat diamond. In the rays of platinum star there are twenty five 0.91-carat diamonds. The total diameter of the gold star is and it weighs . It is connected to a moire ribbon in the same way as the large star. About 370 Small Marshal's Stars have been produced.
Use in the Soviet Union
The "Small Marshal's Star" was the distinction insignia for OF9-ranks as follows:
From February 27, 1943, for the following marshal of the branch ranks:
Marshal of the Artillery, Marshal of Aviation and Marshal of the Armored Troops
From March 20, 1944, for:
Marshal of the Signal Troops and Marshal of Engineer Troops
From June 5, 1962: Fleet Admiral
From November 1, 1972: Army General
There was no formal decree pertaining to use the Small Marshal's Star as distinction insignia to chief marshal of the branch ranks. However, after promotion from marshal of the branch to chief marshal of the branch the appropriate general officers continued to wear the Small Marshal's Star.
Use in the Russian Federation
In the armed forces of the Russian Federation, the Small Marshal's Star was the defining insignia for the ranks general of the army and admiral of the fleet.
Ribbons
A Marshal of the Soviet Union'''s star used a red satin ribbon suspension; ribbons for marshals of a branch'' varied accordingly: gold for artillery, light blue for aviation, burgundy for armoured troops, crimson for engineers, blue for signals, and turquoise for the navy.
References
Ministry of Defense Military Uniform Regulations, 1988 edition, pp. 99, 101.
External links
Указ Президиума Верховного Совета СССР «Об учреждении маршальского знака отличия «Маршальская Звезда» маршала артиллерии, маршала авиации, маршала бронетанковых войск» от 27 февраля 1943 года // Ведомости Верховного Совета Союза Советских Социалистических Республик : газета. — 1943. — 6 марта (No. 10 (216)). — С. 1
Formal insignia
Military insignia
Military of the Soviet Union
The Cross at the Crossroads, known as The Cross to locals, is a tall cross in Effingham, Illinois. It was built in 2001 after its creator was inspired by a similar cross in Groom, Texas.
References
External links
The Cross Foundation
Monuments and memorials in Illinois
Nicholas Bartlett (born 24 December 1979) is an Australian Kendo player. A 5th-dan black belt, Nick represented Queensland winning 1st place in the individual division at the 32nd Australian Kendo Championships in Reservoir, Victoria on 9–10 June 2007. Nick began studying Kendo in his freshman year at university and after moving to Japan in August 2006 he joined the Sukagawa Kendo Renmei where he is the captain of his kendo club.
Notes
References
External links
Australian Kendo Renmei
See also
Kendo
Martial arts
Australian kendoka
Living people
1979 births
Sportspeople from Adelaide
Australian emigrants to Japan
People from Sukagawa
Suluan is an island barangay in the Philippines, in the municipality of Guiuan, Eastern Samar. It lies east of Leyte Gulf and west of Emden Deep. The inhabitants of the island were the first Filipinos to trade and interact with Ferdinand Magellan's expedition which anchored on the nearby (then uninhabited) island of Homonhon on March 16, 1521.
History
On March 16, 1521, after 98 days of crossing the Pacific Ocean, Magellan's voyage dropped anchor on the island of Homonhon ("Humunu" in Pigafetta's account). Although Samar ("Zamal") was their first land sighting from afar, Magellan's choice of anchoring on a much smaller island was meant as a security precaution as the island was then uninhabited. On March 18, they were spotted by fishermen from the nearby island of Suluan ("Zuluan").
The islanders called their other leaders together and met with Magellan's crew. Magellan gave them gifts of small trade items. In return, the people of Suluan gave fish, palm wine, bananas and even Corn their native food. They promised to return with more supplies later, as they didn't bring much since they were just fishing. They returned on March 22 with rice and other supplies to trade. Magellan and his crew spent a week interacting with the tattooed locals of Suluan, whom they described "pleasant and conversable," before they left for Limasawa.
The name of the island is derived from the word sulu, the Waray-waray word for a coconut-oil "torch" which the locals would have used during fishing at night. Suluan, therefore, means torch-bearing people in reference to the local fishermen.
During World War II, Suluan was among the first Philippine islands liberated from the Japanese. On October 17, 1944, the 6th Ranger Battalion landed on Dinagat, Homonhon and Suluan, securing the entrance to Leyte Gulf for General Douglas MacArthur's forces. The main landings on Leyte followed three days later.
Super Typhoon
Eastern Samar tends to be battered by tropical storms during Pacific typhoon season. Most times, 90% of a storm landfall is likely to be Suluan Island. On November 8, 2013, Suluan Island was the first victim of the Typhoon Haiyan (Super Typhoon Yolanda) before navigating to Guiuan which had a tremendous impact not only on the island's economy but also to the people's lives. International organizations created an overwhelming drive to help rehabilitate the people and their livelihood.
References
Islands of Eastern Samar
Guiuan
Intervention in School and Clinic is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of education. The journal's editors are Randall Boone (University of Nevada, Las Vegas) and Kyle Higgins (University of Nevada, Las Vegas). It has been in publication since 1965 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
Scope
Intervention in School and Clinic publishes articles which focus on social, behavioral, assessment, and vocational strategies and techniques that have a direct application to classroom settings. The journal aims to equip teachers with tips, techniques, methods and ideas for improving assessment, instruction and management for individuals with learning disabilities or behavior disorders.
Abstracting and indexing
Intervention in School and Clinic is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases, SCOPUS and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 0.578, ranking it 38 out of 40 journals in the category ‘Education, Special'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
5 times per year journals
Pelican City is an unincorporated community in Klamath County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It lies along U.S. Route 97 just north of the city of Klamath Falls near the south end of Upper Klamath Lake and the upstream end of the Link River.
The community is named after the Pelican Bay Lumber Company, which had a mill here. Pelican Bay is part of the same lake but at its far northwest end.
References
Unincorporated communities in Klamath County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
Florian Bergér (born March 31, 1989) is German pilot. He is a co-pilot of A320 in Lufthansa and a pilot of the Challenger class of the Red Bull Air Race World Championship.
Biography
Florian Bergér is the first German ever to claim the Challenger Cup title and the only pilot of any nationality to have earned the honour twice. Against the most competitive field yet, he's looking for a hat-trick in 2018, all the while working toward his ultimate goal: securing a spot in the Master Class.
"The first time I got in touch with aviation was when my father took me for a ride. He's a pilot as well," remembers Bergér, who was born in Eichstätt in 1989. "Ever since, I've been fascinated by aviation."
Bergér began his career by piloting gliders and still cross-trains with them when time permits, in addition to flying the A320 as a First Officer for Lufthansa. He received his foundational aerobatic training at the flying school of champion Red Bull Air Race pilot Matthias Dolderer in Tannheim, and has been representing his country at international competitions since 2014. Successes include third place in the team competition at the European Aerobatic Championships and several individual medals in the Unlimited category at German Nationals, including Vice German Aerobatic Champion (2016) and German Aerobatic Champion (2018 and 2019).
When Bergér joined the Challenger Class in 2015, he was one of the youngest pilots ever to fly in the Red Bull Air Race. Eager to expand his Air Racing skills, over his first three seasons he clinched a total of 10 race podiums. Highlights include his maiden race win in Spielberg, Austria, and victory at his very first home race at Germany's EuroSpeedway Lausitz, both in 2016. The wins continued in 2017, when he topped the podium at the stop in San Diego, USA, and triumphed in Budapest, Hungary, the spiritual home of the Red Bull Air Race. Bergér's experience will continue to grow throughout the 2018 season, as he masters the new raceplane for the Challenger Class – an Edge 540 V2.
In 2015, he joined the Red Bull Air Race as Challenger class pilot. He won the Challenger class in 2016 and 2017.
Results
Red Bull Air Race
Challenger Class
Legend: * CAN: Cancelled * DNP: Did not take part * DNS: Did not start * DSQ: Disqualified
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
German aviators
German air racers
Red Bull Air Race World Championship pilots
Aerobatic pilots
Commercial aviators
The Baule or Baoulé (Baule: Baule [ba.u.le]; [bawle]) are an Akan people and one of the largest ethnicities in Côte d'Ivoire who historically migrated from what is today Ghana. The Baoulé are traditionally farmers who live in the centre of Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast), in a triangle shaped region (the Baoule “V”) between the rivers Bandama and N'Zi. This area broadly encompasses the regions around the cities of Bouaké and Yamoussoukro. The Baoulé have come to play a relatively important role in the recent history of Côte d'Ivoire: the State's first President, Félix Houphouët-Boigny, was a Baoulé; additionally, since the Ivorian cocoa boom of the 1960-1970s, the Baoulé have also become one of the most widespread ethnicity throughout the country, especially in the Southern forests (the "Low Coast") where they are amongst the most numerous planters of cocoa, rubber, and coffee and sometimes seem to outnumber the local native ethnic groups.
Leisure
One of the favourite pastimes is the game “Atté,” which is similar to the North American version of marbles: Ivorians utilize nuts, not marbles. An odd number of nuts are placed in a circular pattern in the centre of two opposing teams. The two teams, roughly 30 metres apart, take turns throwing nuts at the circle of nuts. Once a nut has been hit, it is eliminated, and the team that hit the respective nut gains a point. The game ends when all the nuts have been eliminated, and the team with the most nuts at the end of the game wins.
Religion
The Baoule religious world consists of three realities :
Domain of God (Niamien)
The earthly world: area of human beings, animals and plants, as well as supernatural beings with vast powers who reside in the mountains, rocks, rivers, forests, etc.
The beyond (blolo) where the spirits of the ancestors reside
Ivorian children
Ivorian children begin aiding their parents with the everyday chores of life at very young ages. As soon as they are old enough, they either carry water from the village pumps or heavy loads of food and firewood to the village market. The boys, when old enough, may even help their father with clearing vegetation.
Like several other groups with Akan origin, Baoulé children are often named according to the day of the week or the circumstances under which they were born. For example, a male born on a Monday would be named Kouassi. However, there are slight variations in the spelling and pronunciation specific to the Baoulé. The Baoulé have a calendar that is different from the calendar of other Akan ethnic groups. This may be due to the circumstances of their departure from Ghana and the need for them to mark a separation with the Ashanti Empire. For ethnic groups such as the Ashanti, Abron, N'zima, Koffi may be a name for a boy child born on Friday. For the Baoulé, Koffi and Affoué are names for Saturday, the day being Foué. There is, therefore, a sound common to the day and the names.
Baoulé names:
Sunday: Kouassi, Akissi; the name of the day is Kissie
Monday: Kouadio, Adjoua; the name of the day is Djole
Tuesday: Konan, Amlan; the name of the day is Mlan
Wednesday: Kouakou, Ahou; the name of the day is Ouwe
Thursday: Yaa, Aya; the name of the day is Yah
Friday: Koffi, Affoué; the name of the day is Foue
Saturday: Kouamé, Amoin; the name of the day is Monnin
Baoule name exceptions
The third girl or boy in a row is named I'nsan (often misspelled N'Guessan), independent of the child's gender.
The 9th child is given the name N'Goran, independent of the child's gender.
The 10th child in the family is always called Brou.
The 11th child from the same mother is called Loukou.
The 12th child from the same mother is called N'Gbin.
Education
Education in Cote d'Ivoire is extremely competitive. Those families that can afford to give their children a private education to assure themselves that their children will receive a formal education. In the public schooling system, to progress beyond certain grade levels children must pass an exam regulated to allow a limited number of passing scores.
Most Ivorian children use a slate to practice their writing and other homework. Small notebooks are also widely available for doing homework and are turned in to be graded. Many homes have a wall with a large chalkboard where children are tutored or practice subjects that they have learned in class. In school, Baoulé children speak only French, but at home they speak their native language of Baoulé. French study begins in grade one.
Handwriting at Ivorian schools is always cursive, never printing.
Baoulé economy
With regard to the Ivorian economy, coffee and cocoa are referred to as the chief cash crop. Up until the present day conflict, the Côte d'Ivoire was the world's largest exporter of cocoa. With respect to the local Ivorian economy, resources such as firewood and yams are transported to local markets and sold to other Ivorians or even foreigners. Within the local marketplace, one can find a wide array of goods, including tailored clothing, boiled eggs, popcorn and lingerie.
Art
The Baoulé people are talented in African art. Their sculptures are renowned for their refinement, form diversity and the labor they represent. The sculptures do not only include face masks and human figurines, but also include a great variety of work in gold, bronze, and ivory.
Many Baoulé art objects are restricted to be seen only by the individual for whom they were made or by a specific group of people. They are often considered to be powerful spiritual objects. The most powerful spiritual objects are the men's sacred masks, bo nun amuin. This mask is a boxy helmet mask representing a menacing animal with bared teeth. Viewing the mask is restricted to men. If a woman or child sees the mask they risk serious injury or death. It is danced in times of trouble to protect the village and at important men's funerals. When the bo nun amuin mask is danced it can become very wild and violent. The spirit may chase the men through the village or wreak havoc by destroying things in its path.
Another important art object in Baoulé culture is the blolo bla and blolo bian spirit spouse figures. These sculptures are private objects made for an individual to represent their spirit spouse. Each person has a spirit spouse from the other world, which they were married to before they were born into this world. People make offerings of food and money to their spirit spouse figures to keep them happy because they can influence their relationship with their earthly spouse or other earthly relationships and personal endeavors.
Bonu Amuen
The Bonu Amuen is a dance to protect the village from threats and it appears at the commemorations of the deaths of notables. The Baoulé wore a wooden helmet that stands for a buffalo. Then they wore suits with raffia and metal bracelets for the ankles. The snout of the costume has teeth, making it, they believed, a strong animal would defend them.
Other economic activities
Traditional pagne (also known as Kente cloth)
Farming
Baoulé cuisine
The staple food of the Ivorian diet is the yam. The yam is boiled, and, when cooled, pummeled into a mush to be eaten. Cassava is also an integral part of the Baoulé cuisine. Yams, in addition to corn, are stored until they are needed. Foods other than yams are obtained from the local market. The most important food of the market is fish, which is wrapped in palm leaves, an economically efficient alternative to wrapping paper. Ivorians typically receive their meat from goats, sheep and chickens, which happen to be shared by the entire community. They receive their milk from their goats and their eggs from their chickens.
Baoulé tools
One of the basic tools employed by the Baoulé populace is the machete. The machete's uses can include clearing vegetation or the construction of a paddle or canoe from logs. Another one of the tools employed by the Baoulé populace, is the snail shell, which is used for grounding and pounding tobacco, for the manufacture of snuffs.
Political structure
The Baoulé political structure is simple; several senior village leaders get together and discuss various issues affecting their village. Each village is ruled by a village-chief (for small villages) or by a queen or a king (for large villages) assisted by some notables or advisers. Queens and kings rarely speak in public, but via a spokesman. Villages were dependent on others to form a canton or a tribe. Each canton is also ruled by a queen or a king. Everyone has a say, even slaves, and everyone was friendly and social. Baoulé political organization is matriarchal and women's rights are very sacred.
See also
Baoulé language
List of cities in Cote d'Ivoire
External links
For spirits and kings: African art from the Paul and Ruth Tishman collection, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art Libraries (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on the Baoulé people
Ethnic groups in Ivory Coast
Hannahatchee Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is a tributary to the Chattahoochee River.
Hannahatchee is a word derived from the Muscogee language meaning "cedar creek".
References
Rivers of Georgia (U.S. state)
Rivers of Stewart County, Georgia
Lingeer Fatim Beye Joos Fadiou (commonly Lingeer Fatim Beye) was a 14th-century () Serer princess and queen (Lingeer) from the Kingdom of Sine. She is the matriarch and early ancestor of the Joos Maternal Dynasty of Waalo. She is usually regarded by some sources as the founder of the Joos Maternal Dynasty. The pre-colonial Kingdoms of Sine and Waalo now lies within present-day Senegal. Her surname is Beye (English-Gambia) or Bèye (French-Senegal). Joos Fadiou is her maternal clan. In Serer, "Fa-tim" means "the maternal clan of..."
Lingeer Ndoye Demba, maternal granddaughter of Lingeer Fatim Beye, was given in marriage to the king of Waalo Brak Caaka Mbaar Mbooj), in c. 1367. Lingeer Ndoye Demba went on to establish the Joos Maternal Dynasty in Waalo which lasted from the 14th century to 1855, the year Waalo fell to the French resulting in the disestablishment of the monarchy. From the 14th century to 1855, the Joos Maternal Dynasty provided many kings of Waalo but also contributed to its instability due to dynastic struggles between the competing maternal dynasties of the country (Joos, Tedyek and Loggar).
Biography
Lingeer Fatim Beye was a member of the Serer ethnic group and the matriarch of the Joos Maternal Dynasty of Waalo. The Joos Maternal Dynasty (Serer proper : Joos Fadiou or Dioss Fahou/Fadiou) was a Serer maternal dynasty in the Wolof Kingdom of Waalo.
Fatim Beye was a contemporary of Ndiadiane Ndiaye (founder of the Jolof Empire) and Maad a Sinig Maysa Wali Jaxateh Manneh (var : Manyeasa Wali Dione) who was the first Guelowar to rule in Sine or any of the Serer countries. Some sources note that, she was once married to Maad a Sinig Maysa Wali thereby linking this matriclan to a rather significant part of Serer medieval history, i.e. the constitutional change in Sine which shaped its medieval to 20th century history. The marriage of Lingeer Fatim Beye to one of the most historical personalities of 14th century Senegambian royalty agrees pretty much with the general consensus regarding Serer-Guelowar relations. It was a union based on marriage among the upper echelons Serer and Guelowar society. According to Henry Gravrand, the defeat of the Guelowars by the Ñaancos at the Battle of Troubang in(1335) at Kaabu, spearheaded their migration to Serer territory after the massacre inflicted upon them at Troubang. In reporting this tradition, Gravrand did not notice that this is actually a description of the 1867 (or 1865) Battle of Kansala although the departure of the Guelowar can probably be explained by a war or a conflict of succession. It was the Serer nobility to which Lingeer Fatim Beye's family were a member of, who granted them asylum after their escape from Kaabu, the country of their birth. As an early ancestor of the Joos Maternal Dynasty, with royal ties to two pre-colonial Senegambian kingdoms from the start of their constitutional change, Lingeer Fatim Beye is regarded as one of the most significant female personalities of Serer and Senegambian dynastic history. Her descendants went on to shape Senegambian medieval to 19th century history.
Joos Maternal Dynasty
The Joos Maternal Dynasty originated from the Serer Kingdom of Sine and entered the Wolof Kingdom of Waalo via the maternal granddaughter of Lingeer Fatim Beye (Lingeer Ndoye Demba). The Serer princess - Lingeer Ndoye Demba, originated from Sine where she was married off to the king of Waalo. Although established in Waalo in c. 1367 by Lingeer Ndoye Demba following her marriage to the king of Waalo (Caaka Mbaar Mbooj), this Serer family is linked to old Serer royalty and just one of many of the Serer matriclans. Caaka Mbar was the son of Bakar Mbooj the founder of the Mbooj paternal dynasty of Waalo and an early holder of the royal title Brak. Ndoye Demba's marriage to one of the earliest Braks established the Joos Maternal Dynasty which lasted for nearly 600 years. As of c. 1367, this maternal dynasty provided many Braks of Waalo. Brak Yerim Mbanyik was the first king from this maternal dynasty. He was the son of Lingeer Ndoye Demba and Brak Caaka Mbar. The Braks themselves predated by the Lamanes, ruled over Waalo from the 14th century until the disestablishment of the monarchy in 1855 due to French colonialism.
Although Lingeer Ndoye Demba is generally regarded as the ancestor of the Joos of Waalo, and Lingeer Fatim Beye as an early ancestor and matriarch, some sources suggests that Fatim Beye was the founder of the Joos Dynasty.
See also
Maad Ndaah Njemeh Joof
Maad Semou Njekeh Joof
Kingdom of Saloum
Kingdom of Baol
Timeline of Serer history
History of Senegal
History of the Gambia
Lingeer Ngoné Dièye
References
Bibliography
Sarr, Alioune, "Histoire du Sine-Saloum" (Sénégal). Introduction, bibliographie et notes par Charles Becker. Version légèrement remaniée par rapport à celle qui est parue en 1986–87. p 19
Monteil, Vincent, " Esquisses sénégalaises", Institut Fondamental d'Afrique Noire, 1966.
Wade, Amadou, "Chronique du Walo Sénégalais (1186–1855)", B. Cissé trans., V. Monteil, editor, Bulletin de l'IFAN, série B, vol. 26, nos 3/4 (1941, 1964)
Barry, Boubacar. "Le royaume du Waalo": le Sénégal avant la conquête, Karthala, 1985, The "Dyoos" (Retrieved : 8 July 2012)
Barry, Boubacar, "Le royaume du waalo, le Sénégal avant la conquête", F. Maspéro (1972), p 286
Bulletin. Serie B: Sciences humaines / Institut fondamental d'Afrique noire, Volume 41. (1979)
Institut français d'Afrique noire. Bulletin de l'Institut français d'Afrique noire: Sciences humaines, Volume 17. IFAN, (1955)
Ndiaye Leyti, Oumar, "Le Djoloff et ses Bourba", Les Nouvelles editions africaines (1981).
Institut fondamental d'Afrique noire, Bulletin de l'Institut fondamental d'Afrique noire: Sciences humaines, Volume 31, IFAN (1969), pp 409–410
Gastellu, Jean-Marc, "Petit traité de matrilinarité", L'accumulation dans deux sociétés rurales d'Afrique de l'Ouest', Cahiers ORSTOM, série Sciences Humaines (1985)
Gastellu, Jean-Marc, "Matrilineages, Economic Groups and Differentiation in West Africa" : A Note (O.R.S.TO.M)
Boulègue, Jean, "Le Grand Jolof", (XVIIIe - XVIe Siècle). (Paris, Edition Façades), Karthala (1987), p 30
Dyao, Yoro, "Légendes et coutumes sénégalaises", Cahiers de Yoro Dyao: publiés et commentés par Henri Gaden. (E. Leroux, 1912)
Dupire, Marguerite, "Sagesse sereer: Essais sur la pensée sereer ndut, KARTHALA Editions (1994), (Retrieved : 9 July 2012)
Sheldon, Kathleen E., "Historical dictionary of women in Sub-Saharan Africa", vol. 1, Scarecrow Press (2005), p 148
Ogot, Bethwell A., "Africa from the Sixteenth to the Eighteenth Century", (Editors : Bethwell A. Ogot, Unesco. International Scientific Committee for the Drafting of a General History of Africa; contributors : Bethwell A. Ogot, Unesco. International Scientific Committee for the Drafting of a General History of Africa, University of California Press (1992), p 281, The "Joos" (Retrieved : 11 July 2012)
Women rulers in Africa
Serer royalty
Serer matriarchs
Matriarchy
Queens regnant in Africa
Lingeer
Senegalese women in politics
14th-century women rulers
Valpaços () is a municipality in northern Portugal. The population in 2011 was 16,882, in an area of 548.74 km2.
History
The first documents that cite Valpaços date back to the 12th century. Its toponymy evolved from pre-national settlements, and started as a small enclave inhabited by nobles and signeurial family estates, attracted by the privileges given for settling so close to the Spanish border. The nascent Portuguese community was susceptible to attacks from Spain. The establishment of border settlements fixed the border.
Historically, Vale de Paço (and later Vale de Paços until the 19th century) was an area with roots in the Roman period of settlement, yet influenced by Germanic settlers before Portugal became a Kingdom.
The most important event in the regions history occurred in the 19th century. On 16 November 1846, during the Patuleia conflict, a movement that was apolitical turned bloody, resulting in the deaths of 200 people, before the battle proceeded into the lands of Murça.
Geography
Valpaços is located in the northern interior of Portugal in the Alto Trás-os-Montes region, and part of the district of Vila Real. It is confined in the north by the municipality of Chaves, to the east by Mirandela and Vinhais, to the south by Murça and Mirandela and in the west by Chaves and Vila Pouca de Aguiar.
From north to south, the Transmontanan relief is exemplified by planar stretches of the Iberian Meseta, with altitudes between 700–800 metres above sea level, tending to have a regular profile north of the Douro River.
Regional and national connections between the municipality and its neighbours are completed across several of its primary and secondary roadways: the 213 (Chaves–Valpaços-Mirandela-Vila Flor); the 103 (Viana do Castelo-Braga–Chaves-Bragança); the 206 (Vila do Conde–Valpaços–Bragança); and the 314 (Chaves–Carrazedo de Montenegro-Murça IP4). The important link is the 206 to A24, which links Valpaços with Vila Real, Viseu and internationally to Spain (Espanha–Verin-A52 roadway), and the national A7 which permits a rapid connection with the coast (Guimarães, Braga and Porto). The ancillary connection to the national 213 also permits a rapid connection to the IP4, which links Valpaços with Porto, Vila Real and Bragança.
Climate
Valpaços has a dry, hot-summer Mediterranean climate with cold, moderately wet winters and dry summers.
Parishes
Administratively, the municipality is divided into 25 civil parishes (freguesias):
Água Revés e Crasto
Algeriz
Bouçoães
Canaveses
Carrazedo de Montenegro e Curros
Ervões
Fornos do Pinhal
Friões
Lebução, Fiães e Nozelos
Padrela e Tazem
Possacos
Rio Torto
Santa Maria de Emeres
Santa Valha
Santiago da Ribeira de Alhariz
São João da Corveira
São Pedro de Veiga de Lila
Serapicos
Tinhela e Alvarelhos
Vales
Valpaços e Sanfins
Vassal
Veiga de Lila
Vilarandelo
Notable people
Luís de Azevedo (1573-1634) a Portuguese Jesuit scholar and missionary to Ethiopia.
Manuel Buíça (1876–1908) a Portuguese schoolteacher and soldier involved in the Lisbon Regicide.
Maria da Assunção Esteves (born 1956) a politician, President of the Assembly of the Republic of Portugal & MEP
Ricardo Chaves (born 1977) a retired footballer with 382 club caps.
See also
Valpaços IPR
References
Notes
References
Cities in Portugal
Municipalities of Vila Real District
Dockside Saloon and Restaurant, or simply Dockside, is a diner in Portland, Oregon.
Description
Dockside is a diner and dive bar in northwest Portland's Northwest District. The restaurant serves New American cuisine. Portland Monthly says, "With elevated highway lanes as a backdrop and a ramshackle exterior, it might be easy to pass over this diner. But loyal customers fill booths of the cozy interior for classic breakfasts piled high with hash browns and lunches of burgers, sandwiches, and tacos while sports and news play on one of the many screens. Incriminating evidence against Tonya Harding was left in the Dockside Dumpster in the 1990s, but other than that, this friendly joint remains largely drama free."
History
Chef Terry Peterson and Kathy Peterson are co-owners.
Reception
In 2017, Suzette Smith of the Portland Mercury wrote:
See also
List of diners
List of dive bars
List of New American restaurants
References
External links
Dockside Saloon and Restaurant at Zomato
Diners in Oregon
Dive bars in Oregon
New American restaurants in Portland, Oregon
Northwest District, Portland, Oregon
Shake It is the third extended play by South Korean girl group Sistar. It was released on June 22, 2015 by Starship Entertainment and distributed by LOEN Entertainment.
Background and release
In May 2015, it was revealed that Sistar were coming back at the end of June. On June 2, Sistar released teaser photos through their official Twitter account. Three days after, they released another set of teaser photos and revealed to come back on June 22 with an extended play. Four days later, they released another set of teaser photos. On June 11, Sistar confirmed that the title track of their new extended play is called "Shake It", produced by Duble Sidekick who produced their previous title tracks "Give It to Me" and "Loving U", along with an official teaser photo. Three days later, Sistar released a second official teaser photo. On the next day, Sistar released another teaser photo. On June 17, Sistar released the official music video teaser for "Shake It".
On June 22, Sistar released Shake It and its title track of the same name along with its music video. On the following day, Sistar released a dance practice video for "Shake It".
Promotion
The promotions of title track "Shake It" started on June 25, 2015 on Mnet's M Countdown. The song was also promoted on music shows The Show, Music Bank, Show! Music Core and Inkigayo. On July 2, Sistar won their first trophy award on M Countdown for "Shake It". They continue winning on July 3 on Music Bank, July 5 on Inkigayo, July 8 on Show Champion, and July 10th on Music Bank. They ended their promotions after promoting for a month.
Track listing
Charts
Sales and certifications
Music program awards
References
2015 EPs
Korean-language EPs
Sistar EPs
Starship Entertainment EPs
Cassidy Sage Lehrman (born January 26, 1992) is an American actress. She is best known for her recurring role as Sarah Gold in the HBO television series Entourage.
Filmography
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
American film actresses
American television actresses
Actresses from Washington (state)
American child actresses
21st-century American actresses
The following are the national records in track cycling in New Zealand maintained by New Zealand's national cycling federation.
Men
Women
References
General
New Zealand Track records 10 April 2022 updated
New Zealand One Hour Track records 31 August 2019 updated
Specific
External links
Cycling New Zealand official website
New Zealand
Records
Track cycling
track cycling
Sir William Bathe (c. 1530-1597) was an Irish judge and landowner. He is commemorated by the Dowdall Cross in Duleek, County Meath, which was erected by his widow Janet (or Jennett) Dowdall in 1601. He should not be confused with his much younger cousin William Bathe of Drumcondra Castle, who was a Jesuit and noted musicologist.
William was the eldest son of John Bathe, Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas, and Margaret Darcy, daughter of Thomas Darcy. The Bathes were a long-established family which settled in County Meath, and had several branches in Meath and Dublin: William's branch of the family lived at Athcarne, near Duleek, which William inherited in about 1559; he built Athcarne Castle (which is now a ruin) in 1590. He also rebuilt Duleek bridge.
He entered Lincoln's Inn in 1557, and was called to the Bar there in 1563. In 1562 he was one of a number of law students who wrote and presented to the English Crown a book describing what they called the "wretched condition" of English rule in the Pale. The Queen and her ministers naturally took offence at these strictures on their Irish government, and regarded those responsible for the book with suspicion; but unlike some of the other students involved, notably Henry Burnell and Richard Netterville, William was never an active opponent of the Crown. He subsequently became an office holder, and as such was required to swear the usual oath to recognise Queen Elizabeth I as head of the Church of Ireland. It is not known whether, like his cousins the Bathes of Drumcondra, at least two of whom became priests, he privately inclined to the Roman Catholic faith, although his father had been in high favour with Elizabeth's Catholic sister Queen Mary, while his wife was a cousin of the Catholic martyr James Dowdall.
He returned to Ireland before 1567, and entered the King's Inns. He was a lessee of the Inns under the new lease of 1567. There was a barrister's chambers in the Inns later called "Justice Bathe's old chamber", which may well have been William's (or possibly his father's). He was appointed Recorder of Drogheda in 1567. He was a noted authority on the law of municipal corporations. He became a judge of the Court of Common Pleas (Ireland) in 1581. He acted as the judge of assize in Ulster in 1591-2, but shortly afterwards his health declined seriously: it was said that both his judgment and his memory failed, and his work had to be done by colleagues or temporary judges, although he apparently remained on the Bench until his death in 1597. He was remembered as "a man of much distinction".
He married Janet Dowdall, daughter of Patrick Dowdall of Termonfeckin, County Louth, but had no issue, and so Athcarne passed at his death to the next eldest brother, James. The Bathe family lived at Athcarne until about 1700.
Janet in 1601 erected the impressive memorial to her husband called the Dowdall or Wayside Cross, which can still be seen in Duleek, as well as a number of other memorial crosses in the area, including one near Athcarne itself. She remarried Oliver Plunkett in the year 1600.
Sources
Ball, F. Elrington The Judges in Ireland 1221-1921 John Murray London 1926
D'Alton, John King James' Irish Army List Reprinted The Celtic Bookshop Limerick 1997
The Dublin Penny Journal 1833 Vol.1 No. 28
Kenny, Colum King's Inn and the Kingdom of Ireland Irish Academic Press Dublin 1992
Notes
1530s births
1597 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Members of Lincoln's Inn
People from County Meath
Justices of the Irish Common Pleas
Hat, stylized as hat., is the first studio album by Mike Keneally, originally released in 1992 on Exowax Recordings. It includes the 14 minutes-long complex composition "Lightin' Roy" (dedicated to Frank Zappa) performed entirely by Mike.
Track listing
All songs composed by Mike Keneally, except "The Car Song", composed by Mike and Marty Keneally.
"Your Quimby Dollars at Work" - 0:38
"I Can't Stop" - 3:31
"Ugly Town" - 3:43
"Open Up!" - 3:43
"Dhen Tin" - 1:17
"Spearmint Pup" - 1:57
"Fencing" - 3:11
"Always Man" - 2:25
"My Immense Superiority Over the Silverfish" - 0:15
"Eno and the Actor" - 2:30
"The Car Song" - 5:15
"Heaven Likes You/Apple Pie" - 2:11
"Backstage with Wilson Phillips" - 2:41
"Here Is What I Dreamed" - 3:07
"Here Is Why" - 2:13
"Performing Miracles" - 3:40
"Spoon Guy" - 1:09
"And That's Why It's Called Spunk" - 0:07
"Johnny One-Note/The Exciting New Toothpaste from Mars" - 1:27
"Day of the Cow 1" - 2:23
"Snowcow" - 4:38
"Day of the Cow 2" - 1:12
"We're Rockin' All Night wit the Tangy Flavor of Cheddar" - 4:53
"Rosemary Girl" - 3:30
"Lightnin' Roy" - 14:46
Personnel
Mike Keneally - vocals, guitars, keyboards, bass, percussion
Doug Booth - bass on 2, 10, 11, 16, 24
Mark DeCerbo - sad vocals on 3
Marty Eldrige - percussion on 4, 20; harmonica on 20
Marty Keneally - Effect guitars on 16
Paul Abbott - Acoustic guitar on 21
Kevin Gilbert - backing vocals on 10, 12
Tom Freeman - drums on 4, 5, 8, 20, 22
Doug Lunn - bass on 1, 3, 13, 14, 15, 17, 23
Daryl Monroe - vocals on 3
Carlos Olmeda: backing vocals on 5
Toss Panos - drums on 1, 3, 13, 14, 15, 17, 23
Alan Silverstein - drums on 2, 7, 10, 11, 16, 24; bells on 8
Bob Tedde - backing vocals on 11, 16
Cici Porter - backing vocals on 8, 14, 24
Andy Vereen - backing vocals on 24
Buddy Blue - dobro, dialogue
Scott Thunes - bass on 7, 8
References
External links
hat. by Mike Keneally
1992 debut albums
Mike Keneally albums
Princess Yukiko (幸子女王; 14 November 1680 – 18 March 1720) later known as Shōshūmon'in(承秋門院), was an Empress consort of Emperor Higashiyama of Japan. She was one of only four Empresses during the Edo Period.
She was the daughter of Arisugawa-no-miya Yukihito. She was thus a member of the Arisugawa-no-miya, one of the Imperial family clans.
She became a part of the Emperor's court in 1697. She gave birth to a Princess in 1700. In 1707, she was promoted to a higher rank. In 1708, she was named Empress. This was one of only four times during the Edo Period for this to occur.
Issue
First daughter: Imperial Princess Akiko (1700-1756)
Notes
Japanese empresses
1680 births
1720 deaths
Japanese princesses
Princess Yukiko
Princess Yukiko
Princess Yukiko
Princess Yukiko
Princess Yukiko
Princess Yukiko
18th-century Japanese women
Japanese Buddhist nuns
18th-century Buddhist nuns
CANADA is a creative production company headquartered in the Poblenou district in Barcelona, Spain with bases in London and Los Angeles. The company specialises in the global production and direction of music videos, commercials and short films. Works include music videos for Dua Lipa, Tame Impala and Rosalía, as well as TV spots for Louis Vuitton, IKEA, Coca-Cola, Mercedes-Benz and Apple among many others. CANADA is partnered with Diplomats in France, Rekorder in Germany and Pulse Films in North America.
Since its creation in 2008, CANADA has tried to cultivate an identity based on four fundamental ideas: the integrity of the work as a maximum value, the humour as an escape valve, the respect for tradition as a lure of modernity, and the purpose of achieving all this with as decent a praxis as possible.
In 2021 CANADA decided to bet fully on sustainability, implementing a shooting work methodology to reduce the footprint of its activity on the planet.
History
In 2008, directors Nicolás Méndez, Lope Serrano and Luis Cerveró, who worked from the same artistic perspective, decided to join forces to improve and develop their own initiative focused on the audiovisual sector after working for many years for different companies. Together with the directors, EP Oscar Romagosa and Global Head of Production Alba Barneda formed a key part of the CANADA collective. The first two years were hard for the company to work due to the 2008 worldwide economic crisis but specially for the Spanish financial crisis that lasted for almost six years starting in 2008. Things for the company started to become better when they produced the music video for El Guincho's track "Bombay" in 2010, which went viral on Vimeo and was named the best music video of the year by Rockdelux. This meteoric increase in popularity offered the company many gigs in the United Kingdom where they worked for musical bands like Scissor Sisters, The Vaccines or Battles.
After a few years represented by the production company Partizan, the group decided to change partners, trying, in this way, to approach to the production sector. Before opening in Los Angeles, since December 2012 until June 2020 the company was represented in the United States by Roman Coppola, the founder and owner of The Directors Bureau.
In the mid-2010s the company bet on local artists such as Bad Gyal, C. Tangana or Rosalía back in the day. After the latter released her hit single "Malamente" in May 2018 and its music video directed by CANADA received universal acclaim to the point that it was nominated for a Latin Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video and was named Video of the Year by Pitchfork, the company grew exponentially, directing at the end of the decade and beginning of the next one music videos for internationally known artists from Travis Scott to Dua Lipa. CANADA was also responsible for the 2020 Louis Vuitton and Multiópticas campaign as well as for the 2020 Gaudí Cinema Awards spot.
Work
Accolades
References
Mass media companies of Spain
Spanish companies established in 2008
Ernest ("Ernie") Cholakis (born September 17, 1962 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a former field hockey player from Canada, who participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. There he finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team.
International senior competitions
1984 – Olympic Games, Los Angeles (10th)
References
Canadian Olympic Committee
External links
1962 births
Living people
Canadian male field hockey players
Canadian people of Greek descent
Field hockey players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic field hockey players of Canada
Field hockey players from Winnipeg
Pan American Games medalists in field hockey
Pan American Games gold medalists for Canada
Field hockey players at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Jacob A. Ambler (February 18, 1829 – September 22, 1906) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1869 to 1873.
Early life and career
Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Ambler attended the local schools of Allegheny City and also received private instruction.
He moved to Salem, Ohio, and studied law in his brother's law office.
He was admitted to the bar on March 27, 1851, and commenced practice in Salem, Ohio.
Political career
Ambler was elected to the State house of representatives in 1857 and served two terms.
He was appointed judge of the ninth judicial district in 1859 and served until 1867.
Congress
Ambler was elected as a Republican to the Forty-first and Forty-second Congresses (March 4, 1869 – March 3, 1873).
He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1872.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law and also became interested in various business enterprises in Salem, Ohio.
He served as vice president of a bank and of a steel and wire nail mill corporation and also as president of a publishing company.
He served as a delegate to every Republican National Convention between 1876 and 1896.
He was appointed a member of the United States Tariff Commission by President Arthur in 1882.
He retired from the general practice of law in 1898 but continued active business pursuits until his death in Canton, Ohio, September 22, 1906.
He was interred in Hope Cemetery, Salem, Ohio.
Sources
1829 births
1906 deaths
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state court judges
Ohio lawyers
People from Salem, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Cass River is an alpine river in the Canterbury region of the South Island of New Zealand. It rises near the Cass Saddle in the Craigieburn Forest Park and flows generally northeast alongside the Craigieburn Range before turning north to meet the Waimakariri River. State Highway 73 and the Midland Line both cross the lower reaches of the river near a farming locality named Cass.
A local landowner, P&E Ltd, applied to divert water from the Cass River and irrigate of high country land near Lake Grassmere. The consent was declined in March 2013 commissioners acting for Environment Canterbury for "potential impact on landscape values and water quality".
The river, railway station and settlement are named after Thomas Cass, chief surveyor of Canterbury Province from 1851 to 1867.
References
Rivers of Canterbury, New Zealand
Rivers of New Zealand
The Roman Catholic Church in Burundi is composed of 2 ecclesiastical provinces and 5 suffragan dioceses.
List of dioceses
Conference of Catholic Bishops of Burundi
Ecclesiastical Province of Bujumbura
Archdiocese of Bujumbura
Diocese of Bubanza
Diocese of Bururi
Ecclesiastical Province of Gitega
Archdiocese of Gitega
Diocese of Muyinga
Diocese of Ngozi
Diocese of Rutana
Diocese of Ruyigi
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Burundi
Catholic dioceses
The Continental Beach Soccer Tournament is a beach soccer tournament contested between top ranked Asian teams who are invited to participate. The first edition was held in Ordos, China in 2016.
Summaries
Overall standings
As 2016
Note:
Win in Common Time W = 3 Points / Win in Extra Time WE = 2 Points / Win in Penalty shoot-out WP = 1 Point / Lose L = 0 Points
External links
Beach soccer set to wow Ordos crowds
References
Asian Football Confederation competitions for national teams
Continental Beach Soccer Tournament
Recurring sporting events established in 2016
2016 establishments in Asia
The 2004 Unforgiven was the seventh annual Unforgiven professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held exclusively for wrestlers from the promotion's Raw brand division. The event took place on September 12, 2004, at the Rose Garden in Portland, Oregon. It is one of only two WWE pay-per-view events to ever be held in the state of Oregon, the other being No Mercy in 2008.
The main event was Randy Orton versus Triple H for the World Heavyweight Championship, which Triple H won by pinfall after executing a Pedigree onto a steel chair. One of the predominant matches on the card was Shawn Michaels versus Kane in a No Disqualification match, which Michaels won after performing Sweet Chin Music. Another primary match on the undercard was Chris Jericho versus Christian in a Ladder match for the vacant WWE Intercontinental Championship, which Jericho won by retrieving the suspended belt.
Production
Background
Unforgiven was first held by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) as the 21st In Your House pay-per-view (PPV) in April 1998. Following the discontinuation of the In Your House series in February 1999, Unforgiven branched off as its own PPV in September that year, becoming WWE's annual September PPV. The 2004 event was the seventh event in the Unforgiven chronology and took place on September 12 at the Rose Garden in Portland, Oregon. Like the previous year's event, it featured wrestlers exclusively from the Raw brand.
Storylines
Seven professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the event's card beforehand, which were planned with predetermined outcomes by WWE's scriptwriters. The buildup to these matches and scenarios that took place before, during and after the event were also planned by the scriptwriters. The event featured wrestlers and other talent from the Raw brand – a storyline expansion in which WWE assigned its employees. Wrestlers portrayed either a villainous or fan favorite gimmick, as they followed a series of events which generally built tension, leading to a wrestling match.
The main feud heading into the event was between Randy Orton and Triple H over the World Heavyweight Championship. At SummerSlam, Orton defeated Chris Benoit to win the World Heavyweight Championship, thus making Orton the youngest World Heavyweight Champion in WWE history. On the August 16 episode of Raw, Orton successfully retained the title in a rematch with Benoit. After the match, Evolution (Batista, Ric Flair, and Triple H), Orton's fellow stablemates, threw him a fake celebration, only to reveal that they were not pleased with his new victory. While Batista had Orton propped on his shoulders in elation, Triple H gave him a pleased thumbs up; Triple H, however, abruptly changed the thumbs up to a thumbs-down and told Batista to drop Orton to the mat. Flair and Batista then began to beat Orton in the ring as Triple H claimed that Orton was nothing without Evolution. Orton's break-up with Evolution began a new storyline for him as a face when he began to feud with his former group members. On the August 23 episode of Raw, after Orton refused to give Triple H the World Heavyweight Championship, Orton spat in Triple H's face and hit him with the title belt. Raw General Manager Eric Bischoff then scheduled a match between the two for the World Heavyweight Championship at Unforgiven. On the August 30 episode of Raw, Eugene defeated Triple H in a singles match after Orton interfered and performed an RKO on Triple H. On the September 6 episode of Raw, Orton defeated Kane in a Steel Cage match by escaping the cage. Shortly after the match ended, Ric Flair and Batista came out and, along with Triple H, began attacking Orton. In an interview with the Daily Star in 2006, Orton revealed that WWE chairman, Vince McMahon, came up with the idea of having Orton turn face the day of SummerSlam. According to Orton, transforming into a face was "tough" because "no one bought it".
The second main feud heading into the event was between Kane and Shawn Michaels. This feud began after Bad Blood, when Michaels lost a Hell in a Cell match to Triple H. On the June 14 episode of Raw, Raw commentator Jim Ross tried making amends between Michaels and Triple H by making them to shake hands. Michaels and Triple H extended their hands to shake, however, Kane came out and attacked Michaels, which resulted in Kane, in storyline, crushing Michaels' throat with a wedged chair. Michaels was then taken out in an ambulance for medical attention. On the June 28 episode of Raw, Ross interviewed Kane and asked him to explain his actions towards Michaels; Kane explained that he was robbed of the World Heavyweight Championship at Bad Blood against Chris Benoit, as Michaels got in his way, which angered him. On the August 30 episode of Raw, Kane revealed that Eric Bischoff's wedding gift to him and Lita, who married on the August 23 episode of Raw, was to name any match he wanted at Unforgiven. Lita then informed Kane that Bischoff's present was for both of them, where they were able to pick Kane's opponent for Unforgiven, which resulted in Michaels being picked. Prior to the match, Kane revealed that it had become a no disqualification match.
The third main feud heading into the event was between Chris Jericho and Christian over the vacant WWE Intercontinental Championship. On the September 6 episode of Raw, Eric Bischoff stripped Edge of the Intercontinental Championship, after Edge suffered a legitimate groin injury. Christian interrupted Bischoff and stated that all his peeps would riot the streets if Bischoff did not award him the vacant championship. Jericho suggested that he and Christian wrestle in a match later that night over the vacant championship. Bischoff, however, scheduled a Ladder match at Unforgiven between Christian and Jericho.
Event
Before the event aired live on pay-per-view, Maven defeated Rodney Mack in a match during Sunday Night Heat.
Preliminary matches
The first match of the event was the tag team encounter of Chris Benoit and William Regal against the team of Evolution (Ric Flair and Batista). The match started off with Batista and Chris Benoit, who brawled back and forth until Flair was tagged in. Flair and Benoit exchanged knife-edge chops. Batista and Regal then sparred, but Batista was able to gain control over Regal, until Benoit and Flair tagged in to the match. Benoit and Flair spar back and forth, until Flair applied the Figure four lock only for Benoit to reverse it into the Crippler Crossface, in which Flair submitted to, giving the win to Benoit and Regal.
The next match was the encounter of Victoria and Trish Stratus (with Tyson Tomko) for the WWE Women's Championship. Victoria gained control over Stratus early into the match, however, Stratus gained control after Tomko interfered on her behalf. After Stratus gained the advantage, she performed a Stratusfaction on Victoria and got a successful pinfall, thus Stratus retained the Women's Championship. After the match, Tomko tried to attack Victoria, until she was saved by an unknown man in a dress. Tomko then challenged the mystery superstar into a match.
The third match was between Tyson Tomko and Stevie Richards, the man dressed in women's clothing. Tomko quickly gained the advantage after stripping off all of the clothes on Richards, leaving Richards left wearing a pair of woman's underwear. Tomko continued his attack on Richards by delivering a swinging neckbreaker and winning the match via pinfall.
The fourth match was for the vacant WWE Intercontinental Championship between Christian and Chris Jericho in a Ladder match. The two superstars brawled early into the match, but they then retrieved ladders and used them to their advantage. Christian was then able to gain control over the match after he performed a running enziguri onto Jericho. The two superstars then continued in a back and forth match, until Jericho applied the Walls of Jericho on Christian, on the top of the ladder, which caused Christian to fall down. Jericho failed to retrieve the title on the first attempt, but was able to set up another ladder and successfully retrieved the title on the second attempt, thus Jericho winning the match and the WWE Intercontinental Championship for a record seventh reign at the time.
Main event matches
The next match was a No Disqualification match between Kane, who was accompanied by Lita, and Shawn Michaels. Kane would gain the early advantage as he performed a toss suplex on Michaels through the announcement table. Kane would continue to brawl with Michaels at ringside where he hit Michaels with the ringside steel steps, which resulted in Michaels bleeding. As Kane attempted to hit Michaels with a steel chair, Lita would interfere and grab the chair away from Kane. Kane then attempted a chokeslam, but Michaels would counter it with Sweet Chin Music, which gained a successful pinfall.
The following match was for the World Tag Team Championship, in which champions La Résistance (Sylvain Grenier and Robért Conway) defended the title against Tajiri and Rhyno. There was back and forth action between the two teams, as all the superstars were able to participate in the match. Grenier hit Rhyno with a Quebec flag and managed to pin him, thus allowing La Resistance to win the match and retain the World Tag Team title.
The main event was between Randy Orton and Triple H for the World Heavyweight Championship. Both Orton and Triple H managed to get the upper hand in the match. During the match, Ric Flair and Batista interfered on behalf of Triple H, as they attacked Orton while the referee was knocked out. Jonathan Coachman also took part in the match as he ran down with a referee shirt and tried to act as a guest referee. Orton managed to get the upper hand over Flair, Batista and Coachman as he delivered an RKO on all of them. Triple H, however, managed to hit Orton with a steel chair, which proceeded with a Pedigree onto the same chair. Batista then rolled the referee into the ring, as Triple H covered Orton for the win via pinfall and score his 9th world championship.
Aftermath
Following Unforgiven, Triple H had a celebration thrown in his honor, complete with six women, confetti, streamers and a giant cake. Randy Orton, however, sought revenge, as he attacked all three Evolution members, as he came out of the giant cake, which was placed in the center of the ring, and humiliated the group. Orton was however ineligible to face Triple H at Taboo Tuesday for the World Heavyweight Championship, as he was unable to win a match against Batista, which would have given Orton a championship match. On the October 4, 2004 edition of Raw, three candidates were named as potential contenders for Triple H's World Heavyweight Championship at Taboo Tuesday; Chris Benoit and Edge were revealed as two of the candidates. Shawn Michaels, however, competed in a qualifying match, which it saw him defeat Christian, to become the third candidate. On the October 18 edition of Raw, a Triple Threat match was scheduled between Michaels, Benoit and Edge, which Edge won after he pinned Benoit by using the ropes for leverage. During the match, Michaels injured his knee, and it was later revealed that he tore his meniscus. At Taboo Tuesday, Michaels won the fans vote and faced Triple H for the World Heavyweight Championship, however, Michaels was unable to win the match after Edge interfered and speared Michaels, allowing Triple H to pin him.
Randy Orton began a feud with Ric Flair, after Flair was the one responsible for making Orton lose the match against Batista. Orton commented on every accomplishment that Flair had made and criticized him for calling Triple H the greatest wrestler of all. Flair retaliated to Orton's comments, stating that individuals like Shawn Michaels and Mick Foley, who Orton had previously feuded with, were not legends, therefore Orton was not a Legend Killer. Flair also stated that he and Orton would have a match at Taboo Tuesday and the fans would have the opportunity to choose what type of match they face in. At Taboo Tuesday, Orton and Flair met in a Steel Cage match, which was the fans selection. Orton won the match after delivering an RKO to Flair. After the match, Flair shook Orton's hand.
At Taboo Tuesday, Chris Jericho lost the Intercontinental Championship to Shelton Benjamin via pinfall. Benjamin won the vote to face Jericho; he also was voted over Batista, Jonathan Coachman, Christian, Rhyno, Maven, William Regal, The Hurricane, Tyson Tomko, Tajiri, Steven Richards, Val Venis, Rosey, Chuck Palumbo, and Rodney Mack.
On the October 11, 2004 edition of Raw, La Résistance had to defend the World Tag Team Championship in a match with Eugene and William Regal. Regal hit Sylvain Grenier with a pair of brass knuckles and pinned him to win the World Tag Team title. Eric Bischoff, however, restarted the match. The match resulted in La Résistance retaining the title, after Robért Conway jabbed Regal in the side with a flagpole. Bischoff informed La Résistance that at Taboo Tuesday they were scheduled to defend the World Tag Team title against the two individuals who were not chosen to face Triple H for the World title. Shawn Michaels won the fans choice, which gave Edge and Chris Benoit a World Tag Team title match. Edge, however, abandoned Benoit during the match, which forced Benoit to wrestle both members of La Résistance by himself. Despite this, Benoit managed to force Conway to submit to the Crippler Crossface to win the World Tag Team Championship.
Results
Notes
References
(2004). Unforgiven [DVD]. World Wrestling Entertainment.
External links
Unforgiven Official Website
Events in Portland, Oregon
2004
2004 in Oregon
Professional wrestling in Oregon
2004 WWE pay-per-view events
September 2004 events in the United States
WWE Raw
Takarazuka Music School (宝塚音楽学校, Takarazuka Ongaku Gakkō) is a private girls' school in Takarazuka, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. It is a Takarazuka Revue training school that is a miscellaneous vocational school approved by Hyōgo Prefecture according to the School Education Law. The school was established in 1913 by Ichizō Kobayashi, the founder of the Hankyu Railway and the Takarazuka Revue.
The school is known for its strictness and unique set of rules that students must abide to both at school and during private life. During its over 100 years of history, it has produced over 4,500 performers for the Takarazuka stage.
History
Takarazuka Music School was established in July 1913 as Takarazuka Shōkatai (Takarazuka Chorus). In 1939, it was divided into the Takarazuka Revue and Takarazuka Music School. All Takarazuka Revue members have since been graduates of the Takarazuka Music School.
Since 1989, all students have received basic training at the Ground Self-Defense Force Camp Itami every year.
Characteristics
Strictness
In the past, the strictness of the school was so famous that the school was called "Women's Military Academy". During the Shōwa period, a large number of students were enrolled compared to the present, but at the same time, a large number of failed students were issued. At the time, all students were sent home during the long summer vacation, and only the students who were notified at a later date proceeded to the second half of the school year. There are still some dropouts at the school, but some of them have returned to school or graduated after voluntarily dropping out.
Rules
The school has a two year system, and the second graders are called "main course students" and the first graders are called "preparatory students", who must follow a unique set of rules when making contact with their seniors.
The preparatory students must:
bow at all Hankyu trains and wait for the train to pass by, as their seniors could be on board
commute to school in a two-row formation
greet the distant seniors loudly
answer only either "yes" or "no" to the seniors
make a "preparatory face" in front of their seniors, that includes wrinkling between the eyebrows and lowering the corners of the mouth
turn at a 90-degree angle when making a turn in the school hallways
walk in a straight row along the wall in the school hallways
stop the microwave oven before the bell rings in the school dormitory
not make any sound while walking up the stairs
board the backmost car of a Hankyu train and not take a seat
all walk in rain without an umbrella if a single student forgets to bring an umbrella
all voluntarily declare a violation made by another preparatory student and apologize together to the seniors.
All rules are created by students themselves, and students review and discuss the rules with the school every year. The rules reflect the school spirit based on the school motto "Purely, correctly, beautifully". Regarding the strict rules, the students have explained that, "As a student at Takarazuka Music School, one must take actions that are not embarrassing."
The mysterious tradition of rules unique to Takarazuka Music School has attracted a lot of attention. There are about 50 fanclubs dedicated to the school's tradition, and it is a common sight to see dozens of people waiting for students to pass by near the Takarazuka Theater.
However, since harassment has become a serious issue, in 2020, the school made a statement saying that outdated rules would be abolished over time.
School uniform
The school uniform is a gray uniform with a school emblem with the name "TMS" (abbreviation of Takarazuka Music School) on the chest, a red ribbon tie, and white tri-fold socks. The current design was created in 1956.
Preparatory students in the male role wear a pompadour hairstyle, and students in the female role wear braided pigtails that are tightly woven to the ends of the hair. The shoes are black loafers for preparatory students and black pumps for college students. The wristwatches have a black leather belt.
Enrollment
Since 2000, the maximum number of students was 50, but the number of successful applicants since 2008 has been about 40. The entrance examination is held at the end of March every year.
The number of examinees in 2016 was 1,079, with 40 successful applicants. The competition was 27.0 times higher than that of other schools.
Qualification requirements
Having a graceful appearance and being suitable for the stage of the Takarazuka Revue
A girl aged between 15–18 years old
A maximum of 4 chances to take the exam are allowed
References
Takarazuka Revue
Private schools in Japan
Theatre in Japan
Hankyu Hanshin Holdings
1913 establishments in Japan
Women in theatre
An oil bourse is a commodities exchange where energy commodities such as crude oil and natural gas are traded. Examples include the New York Mercantile Exchange and the Intercontinental Exchange.
In 2005, an Iranian oil bourse was announced and promised to offer an alternative to trading oil in petrodollars, using instead the petroeuro as its trading currency. Despite several attempts to implement it over one and a half decades, the Iranian oil bourse never got off the ground and in January 2020 was officially cancelled.
References
Commodity exchanges
National Theatre or National Theater may refer to:
Africa
Ethiopian National Theatre, Addis Ababa
National Theatre of Ghana, Accra
Kenya National Theatre, Nairobi
National Arts Theatre, Lagos, Nigeria
National Theatre of Somalia, Mogadishu
National Theatre (Sudan), Omdurman
National Theatre of Tunisia, Tunis
National Theatre of Uganda, Kampala
Asia
Japan
National Theatre of Japan, Tokyo
New National Theatre Tokyo
National Noh Theatre, Tokyo
National Bunraku Theatre, Osaka
National Theater Okinawa, Urasoe, designed by Shin Takamatsu
Other Asian countries
National Theatre of Yangon, Burma
Preah Suramarit National Theatre, Phnom Penh, Cambodia
Habima Theatre, Tel Aviv, Israel
Palestinian National Theatre, Jerusalem
National Theater and Concert Hall, Taipei, Taiwan
National Theatre, Singapore
National Theater of Korea, Seoul, South Korea
National Theatre (Thailand)
Oceania
National Theatre, Launceston, Tasmania, Australia
National Theatre, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
National Theatre Company (Papua New Guinea)
National Theatre, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
Europe
Albania
National Theatre of Albania, Tirana
National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, Tirana
Bosnia and Herzegovina
National Theatre Mostar
Bosnian National Theatre Zenica
Sarajevo National Theatre
Czech Republic
National Theatre Brno
National Theatre (Prague)
National Theatre Ballet (Prague)
Germany
Deutsches Nationaltheater and Staatskapelle Weimar
National Theatre Mannheim
National Theatre Munich
France
Comédie-Française (Paris)
National Theatre of Strasbourg
Odéon-Théâtre de l'Europe
National Theatre of Chaillot (Paris)
Théâtre national de la Colline (Paris)
Théâtre national de l'Opéra-Comique (Paris)
Greece
National Theatre of Greece, Athens
National Theatre of Northern Greece, Thessaloniki
Hungary
National Theatre (Budapest)
National Theatre of Győr
National Theatre of Miskolc
National Theatre of Pécs
National Theatre of Szeged
Netherlands
Koninklijke Schouwburg, a building in The Hague
Het Nationale Theater, a theater company in The Hague
Portugal
D. Maria II National Theatre, Lisbon
São João National Theatre, Porto
Romania
National Theatre Bucharest
Cluj-Napoca National Theatre
Iași National Theatre
Serbia
National Theatre in Belgrade
National Theatre in Niš
Serbian National Theatre, Novi Sad
National Theatre in Subotica
National Theatre "Toša Jovanović", Zrenjanin
Spain
National Theater Prize
Centro Dramático Nacional, Madrid
National Theatre of Catalonia, Barcelona
United Kingdom
The proposed National Theatre of Cornwall, England
Royal National Theatre, London, England
National Theatre of Scotland, a touring company
National Theatre Wales, a touring company
Other European countries
Burgtheater or Austrian National Theatre, Vienna, Austria
Ivan Vazov National Theatre, Sofia, Bulgaria
Croatian National Theatre (disambiguation), several theatres in Croatia
Finnish National Theatre, Helsinki, Finland
National Theatre of Iceland, Reykjavík, Iceland
Abbey Theatre, also known as the National Theatre of Ireland, Dublin, Ireland
Latvian National Theatre, Riga, Latvia
Montenegrin National Theatre, Podgorica, Montenegro
National Theatre (Oslo), Norway
National Theatre, Warsaw, Poland
Slovak National Theater, Bratislava, Slovakia
Slovene National Theatre (disambiguation), several theatres in Slovenia
The Americas
Mexico
National Theatre of Mexico, Mexico City
National Theatre Company of Mexico, Mexico City
United States
American National Theater and Academy, a congressionally chartered non-profit theatre producer
National Theatre Conservatory, Denver, Colorado
National Theatre, Boston (1836), Massachusetts
National Theatre, Boston (1911), Massachusetts
National Theatre (Detroit, Michigan)
National Theatre, a short-lived playhouse (1836–1841) which was originally built in 1833 as Lorenzo Da Ponte's Italian Opera House, New York City
National Theatre (New York), former name of the Nederlander Theatre in New York City, New York
National Theater of the United States of America, a company in New York City, New York
National Theater (Manhattan), former Yiddish theatre in New York City, New York
National Theater (Richmond, Virginia)
National Theatre (Washington, D.C.)
Other countries in the Americas
Teatro Nacional Cervantes or Cervantes National Theatre, Buenos Aires, Argentina
Cláudio Santoro National Theater, Brasília, Brazil
National Theatre School of Canada, Montreal, Canada
Teatro de Cristóbal Colón, Bogotá, Colombia
National Theatre of Costa Rica, San Jose, Costa Rica
National Theatre of Cuba, Havana, Cuba
Teatro Nacional (Santo Domingo), Dominican Republic
Teatro Nacional de El Salvador, San Salvador, El Salvador
Rubén Darío National Theatre, Managua, Nicaragua
National Theatre of Panama, Panama City, Panama
Gran Teatro Nacional, Lima, Peru
National Theatre of Venezuela, Caracas, Venezuela
See also
List of national theatres, theaters supported at least in part by national funds
Teatro Nacional (disambiguation), National Theatre in Spanish and Portuguese
National Theatre of the Deaf, a US touring company
National Theatre of Brent, a British comedy double act
Nationalteatern, a Swedish rock group
The 2015–16 RCD Espanyol season was the club's 114th season in its history and its 81st in the La Liga, the top-flight Spanish football.
Current squad
Out on loan
Competitions
Overall
Overview
La Liga
League table
Results summary
Result round by round
Matches
See also
2015–16 La Liga
2015–16 Copa del Rey
References
External links
Club's official website
2015-16
Spanish football clubs 2015–16 season
Espanyol
The Iowa Assessments (previously the Iowa Test of Basic Skills and originally Iowa Every Pupil Test of Basic Skills) also known informally as the Iowa Tests, formerly known as the ITBS tests or the Iowa Basics, are standardized tests provided as a service to schools by the College of Education of the University of Iowa. Developers Everett Franklin Lindquist, Harry Greene, Ernest Horn, Maude McBroom, and Herbert Spitzer first designed and administered the tests in 1935 as a tool for improving student instruction. The tests are administered to students in kindergarten through eighth grade as part of the Iowa Statewide Testing Programs, a division of the Iowa Testing Programs (ITP). Over decades, participation expanded and currently nearly all school districts in Iowa participate annually in the program, as do many other school districts across the United States. In a cooperative relationship, participating schools receive ITBS test materials, scoring and reporting services and consultation in the use of ITBS for instructional purposes, and ITP utilizes participation by schools in research and test development. Both the ITBS and Iowa Tests of Educational Development (ITED) were revised in the 2011–2012 school year. They were rebranded the Iowa Assessments. In 2016–2017, Iowa Assessments will roll out their new testing program, Next Generation Iowa Assessments.
Content
ITBS are written in levels 5–14. Each test level consists of a series of tests administered in content sections with each section designed to measure specific skills. Test levels 5-8 are administered to students from kindergarten through second grade (K-2). School districts employ the series of tests in primary grades to gain information about classes and students for instructional planning, to supplement teacher observations regarding student abilities, and to establish a basis for subsequent annual evaluation of student progress. Sections for levels 5-8 include: Vocabulary, Word Analysis, Reading Comprehension, Listening, Language, Mathematics, Social Studies (Levels 7 and 8 only), Science (Levels 7 and 8 only), and Sources of Information.
Test levels 9-14 are administered to students from third grade through twelfth grade. Like test levels 5–8, the primary purpose of levels 9-14 is instructional development. School districts use the standardized achievement battery to learn supplementary information useful in choosing curriculum and lesson planning. Teachers may use ITP testing batteries to suggest areas where the skills of individual students are most and least developed. Sections for levels 9-14 include: Vocabulary, Reading Comprehension, Spelling, Capitalization, Punctuation, Usage and Expression, Math Concepts and Estimation, Math Problem-Solving and Data Interpretation, Math Computation, Social Studies, Maps and Diagrams, Reference Materials, Word Analysis (Level 9 only), and Listening (Level 9 only).
References
External links
Iowa Tests of Basic Skills official website
Tests of Basic Skills, Iowa
Standardized tests in the United States
Achievement tests
Tests of Basic Skills, Iowa
1935 introductions
Penthicodes farinosus is a species of planthoppers in the subfamily Aphaeninae (Fulgoridae): with five subspecies distributed in Indo-China and Malesia. The genus name was formerly treated as feminine, but in 2022 it was revised to masculine, changing the spelling of this species' name from farinosa to farinosus.
Subspecies
P. farinosa aerugineus (Stål, 1870)
P. farinosa farinosus (Weber, 1801)
P. farinosa leucosticticus (White, 1845)
P. farinosa niasensis Schmidt, 1923
P. farinosa tullia (Breddin, 1901)
Gallery
References
External links
FLOW: Penthicodes (Penthicodes) farinosa (Weber, 1801)
Hemiptera of Asia
Aphaeninae
Vernon Oswald Marquez or V. O. Marquez (born in Trinidad) was president of the Northern Electric Company (now Nortel) from 1967 - 1971.
References
External links
Innovation and Business Strategy: Why Canada Falls Short
Canadian businesspeople
Nortel people
Harriet B. Gilmour (November 24, 1939, Brooklyn, New York – June 21, 2009, Cornwallville, New York) was a bestselling author of movie novelizations and books for young adults and children. She grew up in Williamsburg, Brooklyn with her mother an extended family, and wrote her first poem for Arbor Day when she was eight years old. As a teenager, she moved to Florida to live with her father. She attended college there and then moved back to New York City.
Gilmour's first publishing job was at E. P. Dutton. In 1964, she joined Bantam Books where she worked as copywriter, editor, and copy chief and as an associate director of marketing. She was married to Bruce Gilmour in 1968. She had a child, Jessica, with him in 1970; they were divorced in 1972. Her first novel The Trade, a trashy paperback about the publishing business, was published in 1969.
She wrote novelizations (including Saturday Night Fever and Pretty in Pink) and children's books (including The Muppets books) while working full-time at Bantam and raising a child on her own. She published her second original novel So Long, Daddy in 1985. The artwork for the dust jacket of the hardcover release includes a photo of her daughter, Jessica. Her third novel was Ask Me If I Care, a book about a teenage girl who gets in with the wrong crowd.
In 1992, she joined the book division at Scholastic, leaving in 1995 to pursue writing full-time. She focused her energy on books for "tweens" and children. Gilmour's best known novels are the Clueless series with author Randi Reisfeld.
She met John Johann, whom she would later marry, in 1992. They moved to Cornwallville in upstate New York where she lived until her death. She died on June 21, 2009, of pneumonia due to complications from lung cancer.
Books
The Trade (1973)
Saturday Night Fever (1977)
Eyes of Laura Mars (1978)
All That Jazz (1979)
Electric Horseman
So Long, Daddy
Even Kermit Gets Angry
Why Wembley Fraggle Couldn't Sleep
The Giant Next Door
Pretty in Pink (1986) (with Randi Reisfield)
Fatal Attraction (1988)
Ask Me If I Care
Wedded To Crime: The Autobiography of a Mafia Wife (with Sandy Leibowitz)
The Amazing Zoo
One Fine Day
Clarissa Explains It All
Godzilla: A Junior Novelization (1998) (Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards Nominee)
Curse of Katana
Spontaneously Combustible
My Fantasy Dream Date With......
Making Waves (with Randi Reisfeld)
Oh Baby! (with Randi Reisfeld)
Twitches series (with Randi Reisfeld)
Clueless series (with Randi Reisfeld)
References
External links
Interview with HB Gilmour at Teen FX
1939 births
2009 deaths
20th-century American novelists
American children's writers
Deaths from lung cancer
Writers from New York (state)
People from Brooklyn
American book publishers (people)
American women novelists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women
Edward Curtis Wells (August 26, 1910 – July 1, 1986) was senior vice president and served on the board of directors of Boeing Company. He helped to design the Boeing 707, 747 and the B-17 Flying Fortress. He was known as the "elder statesman of aviation".
Biography
Wells was born in Boise, Idaho on August 26, 1910, and graduated from Grant High School in Portland, Oregon. He attended Willamette University for two years then attended Stanford University where he graduated from Phi Beta Kappa in 1931 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in engineering.
Wells joined Boeing Company's engineering staff in 1931 and was named Boeing's chief engineer in 1943.
He died on July 1, 1986 in Bellevue, Washington.
Honors
Daniel Guggenheim Medal (1980).
Fawcett Aviation Award (1944).
Lawrence Sperry Award from the Institute of the Aeronautical Sciences (1942).
References
Further reading
Geer, Mary Wells. Boeing's Ed Wells. Seattle: University of Washington Press, 1992. .
Serling, Robert J. Legend & Legacy: The Story of Boeing and its People. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1992. .
Stanford University alumni
1910 births
1986 deaths
Businesspeople from Portland, Oregon
Willamette University alumni
Grant High School (Portland, Oregon) alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
George Crawley may refer to:
George A. Crawley, British artist and designer
George Baden Crawley, railway contractor
Siphonorhinidae is a family of millipede in the order Siphonophorida. There are at least 4 genera and about 12 described species in Siphonorhinidae.
Genera
These four genera belong to the family Siphonorhinidae:
Illacme Cook & Loomis, 1928
Kleruchus Attems, 1938
Nematozonium Verhoeff, 1939
Siphonorhinus Pocock, 1894
References
Further reading
Siphonophorida
Millipedes of North America
Articles created by Qbugbot
Millipede families
The parrot-billed seedeater (Sporophila peruviana) is a small species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in various shrubby habitats in western Ecuador and western Peru. Outside the breeding season, it is quite social and frequently seen in flocks with other small seed-eating birds.
References
External links
Images at ADW
parrot-billed seedeater
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Western South American coastal birds
parrot-billed seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nina Minttu Maria Tikkinen (born 6 February 1987) is a retired Finnish ice hockey player. She played with the Finnish national team from 2004 until 2014 and won bronze medals at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games and at the 2008 and 2009 IIHF Women's World Championships.
Tikkinen played NCAA hockey with the Minnesota State Mavericks of Minnesota State University, Mankato from the 2007–08 season to the 2010–11 season. She played in the Finnish Naisten SM-sarja with TPS Turku and Kärpät Naiset.
Playing career
Finland
She spent three years competing with the Finnish national team and selected Rookie of the Year in 2003–04. She participated in the 2007 World Championships and the 2006 Four Nations Tournament as a member of Finland's National Team. In 2006–07, she tallied three goals and four assists for seven points for her club team, Karpat Oulu. Tikkinen joined three fellow Western Collegiate Hockey Association players: two from Minnesota Duluth and one from Minnesota on the 2010 Olympic team roster. There was also one from Ohio State of the CCHA.
Tikkinen also played with Finland in the 2013 Women's World Championship.
Minnesota Mankato
In 2008–09, Tikkinen played in 28 games for the Mavericks. Her rookie season was 2007–08, and she finished the season as the top freshman scorer with 5 goals, 6 assists and 11 points. Her first multi-point game was on Feb. 9, 2008 (two assists) was the first of her collegiate career. The first goal of her NCAA career was scored on October 13, 2007 at Connecticut. On November 5 and 6, 2010, Tikkinen accumulated five points as the Mavericks won back-to-back conference games against St. Cloud State. Tikkinen had three points on November 5. The three points were all assists on Minnesota State's first three scores, including teammate Kathleen Rogan's game-winning goal in the first period. The following day, Tikkinen gave the Mavericks a 2–0 lead midway through the second period. The two victories gave Minnesota State their first home ice series sweep since October 31-November 1, 2008 when they beat Bemidji State.
On November 12 and 13, Nina Tikkinen produced a four-goal, five-point series as the Mavericks won twice on the road against league rival Ohio State. For her efforts, she was named WCHA Player of the Week for the second straight time. Tikkinen had two goals and one assist for three points as Minnesota State won by a 5–3 tally on November 12. Both of her goals tied the game (2–2 in the second period, 3–3 in the third). On November 13, she broke a 3–3 tie with a game-winning goal with only 3:45 left. Tikkinen now has a four-game winning streak. It also marked her second straight five-point weekend.
Career statistics
Finland
Minnesota Mankato
Awards and honors
WCHA Scholar-Athlete, 2009
All-WCHA Academic Team, 2009
WCHA Offensive Player of the Week (Week of November 10, 2010)
WCHA Offensive Player of the Week, (Week of November 17, 2010)
References
1987 births
Living people
Finnish women's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Minnesota State Mavericks women's ice hockey players
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
People from Salo, Finland
Sportspeople from Southwest Finland
Kosan County is a kun, or county, in Kangwŏn province, North Korea.
Physical features
The county is largely mountainous. The central area forms a basin. The county's highest point is Chuaesan. Major streams include the Namdaech'ŏn, Ryongjiwŏnch'ŏn, and Namsanch'ŏn. There are a total of 13 reservoirs. Forestland makes up some 63.8% of the county's area.
Administrative divisions
Kosan county is divided into 1 ŭp (town) and 24 ri (villages):
Economy
Agriculture
Agriculture dominates local industry in Kosan, with crops including rice, maize, millet, wheat, barley, soybeans, and red beans. The region is particularly noted for its abundant production of fruit.
Mining
Mining is widely developed, exploiting the local deposits of gold, silver, copper, iron, limestone, lead, zinc, gypsum, and other minerals.
Transport
Kosan county is served by the Kangwŏn Line of the Korean State Railway.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
References
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province (North Korea)
Miguel Angel González (born 3 July 1944) is a Mexican sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 meters at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1963 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Mexican male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Mexico
Athletes from Mexico City
Pan American Games competitors for Mexico
Biomechanics was a system of actor training developed by Vsevolod Meyerhold. Its purpose was to widen the emotional potential of a theater piece and express thoughts and ideas that could not be easily presented through the naturalistic theater of the period.
The techniques of biomechanics were developed during the rehearsals of a series of plays directed by Meyerhold in the 1920s and 1930s when Socialist Realism was at its height in Russia. Biomechanics is a precursor to and influence on much of the 20th century's physical theatre.
Despite a lack of scenery in many of Meyerhold's plays, “if the actor remains on the bare stage, the greatness of the theater stays with him”. In a similar vein, Markov claims that the constructivists saw the stage “merely as a platform for showing off the external technique of the actor”. This facilitated Meyerhold's use of biomechanics, an acting system which relied on motion rather than language or illusion. Opposing the Stanislavsky System, which Meyerhold believed “overemphasized the 'spirit' and 'psychologizing'”, biomechanics emphasized “elementary laws of reflexes”. In addition to the scenery facilitating this technique, the costumes were also integral. In constructivist fashion, the costumes were not extravagant, but drastically simplified, which allowed the actors to easily perform using biomechanics and without hiding mistakes. This method of acting lends itself very well to the constructivist style of being basic and as straightforward as possible.
Meyerhold's success with biomechanics played a large role in the introduction of “physical training into the curriculum of every Soviet drama school”. Physical training for actors is an aspect that is still employed today, especially for actors who participate in dance numbers and musicals.
References
Potter, Nicole (2002). "Movement for Actors," Allworth Press, 3-15.
Acting techniques
Puriyadha Anandam Puthithaga Arambam () is a 2015 Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by Syed Ibrahim, which stars Krish and Srushti Dange. The film released on 5 June 2015.
Cast
Krish as Bharathi
Srushti Dange as Nila
Nitish Veera as Bharathi's friend
Production
Puriyadha Anandam Puthithaga Arambam is named after a line from the Mouna Ragam song "Chinna Chinna Vanna Kuyil". Producer Ibrahim Rowther spotted Krish in the "Aga Naga" song in Ko (2011) and offered him the chance of portraying the lead role in his production, Puriyatha Anantham Puthithaga Aarambam. The film, a romantic love story featuring him alongside Srushti Dange, began shoot in late 2012 but was only released in June 2015.
Soundtrack
Critical reception
The film received negative reviews from critics with the New Indian Express stating "the lackluster screenplay abounds in such situations, unconvincing and hard to digest" and "the amateur treatment doesn't help matters", concluding it's an "effort gone haywire".
References
2015 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian romantic drama films
2015 directorial debut films
Films scored by A. R. Reihana
2015 romantic drama films
Adam Michael Reed (born 8 May 1991), also known as Adam Tull, is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Thai League 1 club Ratchaburi Mitr Phol. Born in England, he represents the Philippines national team.
After starting his career with Sunderland, Reed had loan spells with Brentford, Bradford City, Leyton Orient, Portsmouth and York City. He signed for Burton Albion in 2013 and after being released had a second spell with York in 2014.
Club career
Reed was born in Hartlepool, County Durham and is of Filipino descent. He joined Sunderland's youth system at the age of eight, and became a reserve-team regular by 2009. On 21 February 2011, he joined League One club Brentford on a one-month loan deal. He made his first-team debut in his hometown, as on 5 March 2011 he replaced Robbie Simpson 58 minutes into a 3–0 away defeat to Hartlepool United. He made his first start three days later, in a 1–0 home defeat to Brighton & Hove Albion.
Reed signed a one-month loan with League Two club Bradford Cities on 29 September 2011. He returned to Sunderland at the end of October 2011, having made four appearances for Bradford with injuries also plaguing his stint at the club. On 8 March 2012, Reed joined League One club Leyton Orient on loan for the rest of the 2011–12 season.
On 24 January 2013, he signed on a one-month loan for Portsmouth in League One. On 7 March 2013, he returned to Sunderland after making 10 appearances for Portsmouth. He joined League Two club York Cities on 26 March 2013 on a one-month loan, making his debut four days later in a 0–0 draw away to Bristol Rovers. He scored his first goal to give York the lead with a 45th-minute goal against Accrington Stanley on 6 April 2013, a match that ended in a 1–1 draw. Reed finished his loan at York with two goals in six appearances.
At the end of 2012–13, Reed was released by Sunderland. On 18 June 2013, Reed signed for League Two club Burton Albion on a one-year contract. Reed rejoined York on 4 January 2014 on a contract until the end of 2013–14 after parting company with Burton. He was released by the club in May 2014.
After an unsuccessful trial with League One Crewe Alexandra Reed joined Northern Premier League Division One North club Darlington 1883 in August 2014. He signed for Northern League Division One club Whitley Bay on 1 November 2014.
In January 2016, Reed signed for United Football League club Stallion, before joining their divisional rivals Kaya in April.
Reed signed for Philippines Football League club Davao Aguilas in January 2018. After the 2018 season, Davao Aguilas folded and released all its players.
In February 2019, Reed signed for Thai League 1 club Chainat Hornbill.
Reed subsequently joined Malaysian Super League team Pahang in January 2020.
International career
In November 2017, Reed was included in the Philippines squad for the 2017 CTFA International Tournament that was held in Taiwan. He received his first cap on 1 December 2017 in a 3–1 win against Laos.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
As of match played 16 January 2019. Philippines score listed first, score column indicates score after each Reed goal.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Hartlepool
Citizens of the Philippines through descent
Footballers from County Durham
British Asian footballers
English footballers
English expatriate footballers
Filipino footballers
Philippines international footballers
Association football midfielders
Sunderland A.F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Portsmouth F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Burton Albion F.C. players
Darlington F.C. players
Whitley Bay F.C. players
Stallion Laguna F.C. players
Kaya F.C. players
Adam Reed
English Football League players
Northern Football League players
Adam Reed
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Expatriate footballers in the Philippines
English expatriate sportspeople in the Philippines
English people of Filipino descent
Filipino British sportspeople
Jarno Pihlava (born May 14, 1979 in Raisio, Finland) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from Finland. He twice competed for his native country at the Summer Olympics: in 2000 and 2004.
References
1979 births
Living people
People from Raisio
Finnish male breaststroke swimmers
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Finland
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Sportspeople from Southwest Finland
"Honey, Let Me Sing You a Song" is a song by American pop-rock singer-songwriter Matt Hires from his first full-length studio album Take Us to the Start, the song featured in many uses in media, including ABC's hit show Cougar Town and Life Unexpected on The CW.
The demo version featured in the soundtrack album of 2010 Touchstone Pictures release, When in Rome and 2008 release Live From the Hotel Café EP.
Matt has recorded an alternate version of "Honey, Let Me Sing You a Song", which featured on his 2010 release A to B EP.
A live version of "Honey, Let Me Sing You a Song" features on his 2011 release Live Sessions EP.
Background
According to an interview with Mike Ragogna, Matt said the song was written for his wife Rachel.
Music video concept
Reception
Critical response
The song has received generally favorable reviews from music critics.
"The album's song, “Honey, Let Me Sing You A Song," begins quietly then bursts into the chorus as Hires begs his lady not to run away, to listen to his words (as they come out wrong). It's sweeping and expressive, but – as cute as Hires is – watching the completely unrelated music video kinda warps the experience." —Creative Loafing
"The lead off track is “Honey, Let Me Sing You A Song," which Hires gave us a little taste of in the form of an acoustic demo on his "Live From The Hotel Cafe" EP. This is the song that will make him a household name, and should be all over the radio and at the top of the charts in no time at all." —This Is Modern
"...Hires requests, “Honey, Let Me Sing You a Song". With his folky pop and aching croon, how could you deny him?" —People Magazine
Versions
from "Take Us to the Start"
from "Live From the Hotel Café EP" / "When In Rome OST"
from "A to B EP"
from "Live Sessions EP"
References
2009 debut singles
Songs written by Gregg Wattenberg
2009 songs
Songs written by Eric Rosse
Atlantic Records singles
Song recordings produced by Eric Rosse
Pobrđe may refer to:
Pobrđe (Bratunac), Bosnia and Herzegovina
Pobrđe, Kotor, Montenegro
Pobrđe (Novi Pazar), Serbia
Pobrđe (Raška), Serbia
In group theory, an inverse semigroup (occasionally called an inversion semigroup) S is a semigroup in which every element x in S has a unique inverse y in S in the sense that x = xyx and y = yxy, i.e. a regular semigroup in which every element has a unique inverse. Inverse semigroups appear in a range of contexts; for example, they can be employed in the study of partial symmetries.
(The convention followed in this article will be that of writing a function on the right of its argument, e.g. x f rather than f(x), and
composing functions from left to right—a convention often observed in semigroup theory.)
Origins
Inverse semigroups were introduced independently by Viktor Vladimirovich Wagner in the Soviet Union in 1952, and by Gordon Preston in the United Kingdom in 1954. Both authors arrived at inverse semigroups via the study of partial bijections of a set: a partial transformation α of a set X is a function from A to
B, where A and B are subsets of X. Let α and β be partial transformations of a set X; α and β can be composed (from left to right) on the largest domain upon which it "makes sense" to compose them:
where α−1 denotes the preimage under α. Partial transformations had already been studied in the context of pseudogroups. It was Wagner, however, who
was the first to observe that the composition of partial transformations is a special case of the composition of binary relations. He recognised also that the domain of composition of two partial transformations may be the empty set, so he introduced an empty transformation to take account of this. With the addition of this empty transformation, the composition of partial transformations of a set becomes an everywhere-defined associative binary operation. Under this composition, the collection of all partial one-one transformations of a set X forms an inverse semigroup, called the symmetric inverse semigroup (or monoid) on X, with inverse the functional inverse defined from image to domain (equivalently, the converse relation). This is the "archetypal" inverse semigroup, in the same way that a symmetric group is the archetypal group. For example, just as every group can be embedded in a symmetric group, every inverse semigroup can be embedded in a symmetric inverse semigroup (see below).
The basics
The inverse of an element x of an inverse semigroup S is usually written x−1. Inverses in an
inverse semigroup have many of the same properties as inverses in a group, for example,
(ab)−1 = b−1a−1. In an inverse monoid, xx−1 and
x−1x are not necessarily equal to the identity, but they are both idempotent. An inverse monoid S in which xx−1 = 1 =
x−1x, for all x in S (a unipotent inverse monoid), is, of course, a group.
There are a number of equivalent characterisations of an inverse semigroup S:
Every element of S has a unique inverse, in the above sense.
Every element of S has at least one inverse (S is a regular semigroup) and idempotents commute (that is, the idempotents of S form a semilattice).
Every -class and every -class contains precisely one idempotent, where and are two of Green's relations.
The idempotent in the -class of s is s−1s, whilst the
idempotent in the -class of s is ss−1. There is therefore a simple
characterisation of Green's relations in an inverse semigroup:
Unless stated otherwise, E(S) will denote the semilattice of idempotents of an inverse semigroup S.
Examples of inverse semigroups
Partial bijections on a set X form an inverse semigroup under composition.
Every group is an inverse semigroup.
The bicyclic semigroup is inverse, with (a,b)−1 = (b,a).
Every semilattice is inverse.
The Brandt semigroup is inverse.
The Munn semigroup is inverse.
Multiplication table example. It is associative and every element has its own inverse according to aba = a, bab = b. It has no identity and is not commutative.
The natural partial order
An inverse semigroup S possesses a natural partial order relation ≤ (sometimes denoted by ω),
which is defined by the following:
for some idempotent e in S. Equivalently,
for some (in general, different) idempotent f in S. In fact, e can be taken to be
aa−1 and f to be a−1a.
The natural partial order is compatible with both multiplication and inversion, that is,
and
In a group, this partial order simply reduces to equality, since the identity is the
only idempotent. In a symmetric inverse semigroup, the partial order reduces to restriction of mappings,
i.e., α ≤ β if, and only if, the domain of α is contained in the domain of β and
xα = xβ, for all x in the domain of α.
The natural partial order on an inverse semigroup interacts with Green's relations as follows: if s ≤
t and st, then s = t. Similarly, if
st.
On E(S), the natural partial order becomes:
so, since the idempotents form a semilattice under the product operation, products on E(S) give the least upper bounds with respect to
≤.
If E(S) is finite and forms a chain (i.e., E(S) is totally ordered by ≤), then
S is a union of groups. If E(S) is an infinite chain it is possible to obtain an analogous result under additional hypotheses on S and E(S).
Homomorphisms and representations of inverse semigroups
A homomorphism (or morphism) of inverse semigroups is defined in exactly the same way as for any other
semigroup: for inverse semigroups S and T, a function θ from S to T
is a morphism if (sθ)(tθ) = (st)θ, for all s,t in S. The definition of a
morphism of inverse semigroups could be augmented by including the condition (sθ)−1 =
s−1θ, however, there is no need to do so, since this property follows from the above
definition, via the following theorem:
Theorem. The homomorphic image of an inverse semigroup is an inverse semigroup; the
inverse of an element is always mapped to the inverse of the image of that
element.
One of the earliest results proved about inverse semigroups was the Wagner–Preston Theorem, which is an analogue
of Cayley's Theorem for groups:
Wagner–Preston Theorem. If S is an inverse semigroup, then the function φ
from S to , given by
dom (aφ) = Sa−1 and x(aφ) = xa
is a faithful representation of S.
Thus, any inverse semigroup can be embedded in a symmetric inverse semigroup, and with image closed under the inverse operation on partial bijections. Conversely, any subsemigroup of the symmetric inverse semigroup closed under the inverse operation is an inverse semigroup. Hence a semigroup S is isomorphic to a subsemigroup of the symmetric inverse semigroup closed under inverses if and only if S is an inverse semigroup.
Congruences on inverse semigroups
Congruences are defined on inverse semigroups in exactly the same way as for any other semigroup: a
congruence ρ is an equivalence relation that is compatible with semigroup multiplication, i.e.,
Of particular interest is the relation , defined on an inverse semigroup S by
there exists a with
It can be shown that σ is a congruence and, in fact, it is a group congruence, meaning that the factor semigroup S/σ is a group. In the set of all group congruences on a semigroup S, the minimal element (for the partial order defined by inclusion of sets) need not be the smallest element. In the specific case in which S is an inverse semigroup σ is the smallest congruence on S such that S/σ is a group, that is, if τ is any
other congruence on S with S/τ a group, then σ is contained in τ. The congruence σ is
called the minimum group congruence on S. The minimum group
congruence can be used to give a characterisation of E-unitary inverse semigroups (see below).
A congruence ρ on an inverse semigroup S is called idempotent pure if
E-unitary inverse semigroups
One class of inverse semigroups that has been studied extensively over the years is the class of E-unitary
inverse semigroups: an inverse semigroup S (with semilattice E of idempotents) is
E-unitary if, for all e in E and all s in S,
Equivalently,
One further characterisation of an E-unitary inverse semigroup S is the following: if e is in E and
e ≤ s, for some s in S, then s is in E.
Theorem. Let S be an inverse semigroup with semilattice E of idempotents, and minimum group
congruence σ. Then the following are equivalent:
S is E-unitary;
σ is idempotent pure;
= σ,
where is the compatibility relation on S, defined by
are idempotent.
McAlister's Covering Theorem. Every inverse semigroup S has a E-unitary cover; that is there exists an idempotent separating surjective homomorphism from some E-unitary semigroup T onto S.
Central to the study of E-unitary inverse semigroups is the following construction. Let be a partially ordered set, with ordering ≤, and let be a subset of with the properties that
is a lower semilattice, that is, every pair of elements A, B in has the greatest lower bound A B in (with respect to ≤);
is an order ideal of , that is, for A, B in , if A is in and B ≤ A, then B is in .
Now let G be a group that acts on (on the left), such that
for all g in G and all A, B in , gA = gB if, and only if, A = B;
for each g in G and each B in , there exists an A in such that gA = B;
for all A, B in , A ≤ B if, and only if, gA ≤ gB;
for all g, h in G and all A in , g(hA) = (gh)A.
The triple is also assumed to have the following properties:
for every X in , there exists a g in G and an A in such that gA = X;
for all g in G, g and have nonempty intersection.
Such a triple is called a McAlister triple. A McAlister triple is
used to define the following:
together with multiplication
.
Then is an inverse semigroup under this multiplication, with
(A,g)−1 = (g−1A, g−1). One of the main results in the study of
E-unitary inverse semigroups is McAlister's P-Theorem:
McAlister's P-Theorem. Let be a McAlister triple. Then is an E-unitary inverse semigroup. Conversely, every E-unitary inverse
semigroup is isomorphic to one of this type.
F-inverse semigroups
An inverse semigroup is said to be F-inverse if every element has a unique maximal element above it in the natural partial order, i.e. every σ-class has a maximal element. Every F-inverse semigroup is an E-unitary monoid. McAlister's covering theorem has been refined by M.V. Lawson to:
Theorem. Every inverse semigroup has an F-inverse cover.
McAlister's P-theorem has been used to characterize F-inverse semigroups as well. A McAlister triple is an F-inverse semigroup if and only if is a principal ideal of and is a semilattice.
Free inverse semigroups
A construction similar to a free group is possible for inverse semigroups. A presentation of the free inverse semigroup on a set X may be obtained by considering the free semigroup with involution, where involution is the taking of the inverse, and then taking the quotient by the Vagner congruence
The word problem for free inverse semigroups is much more intricate than that of free groups. A celebrated result in this area due to W. D. Munn who showed that elements of the free inverse semigroup can be naturally regarded as trees, known as Munn trees. Multiplication in the free inverse semigroup has a correspondent on Munn trees, which essentially consists of overlapping common portions of the trees. (see Lawson 1998 for further details)
Any free inverse semigroup is F-inverse.
Connections with category theory
The above composition of partial transformations of a set gives rise to a symmetric inverse semigroup. There is another way of composing partial transformations, which is more restrictive than that used above: two partial transformations α and β are composed if, and only if, the image of α is equal to the domain of β; otherwise, the composition αβ is undefined. Under this alternative composition, the collection
of all partial one-one transformations of a set forms not an inverse semigroup but an inductive groupoid, in the sense of category theory. This close connection between inverse semigroups and inductive groupoids is embodied in the Ehresmann–Schein–Nambooripad Theorem, which states that an inductive groupoid can always be
constructed from an inverse semigroup, and conversely. More precisely, an inverse semigroup is precisely a groupoid in the category of posets that is an étale groupoid with respect to its (dual) Alexandrov topology and whose poset of objects is a meet-semilattice.
Generalisations of inverse semigroups
As noted above, an inverse semigroup S can be defined by the conditions (1) S is a regular semigroup,
and (2) the idempotents in S commute; this has led to two distinct classes of generalisations of
an inverse semigroup: semigroups in which (1) holds, but (2) does not, and vice versa.
Examples of regular generalisations of an inverse semigroup are:
Regular semigroups: a semigroup S is regular if every element has at least one inverse; equivalently, for each a in S, there is an x in S such that axa = a.
Locally inverse semigroups: a regular semigroup S is locally inverse if eSe is an inverse semigroup, for each idempotent e.
Orthodox semigroups: a regular semigroup S is orthodox if its subset of idempotents forms a subsemigroup.
Generalised inverse semigroups: a regular semigroup S is called a generalised inverse semigroup if its idempotents form a normal band, i.e., xyzx = xzyx, for all idempotents x, y, z.
The class of generalised inverse semigroups is the intersection of the class of
locally inverse semigroups and the class of orthodox semigroups.
Amongst the non-regular generalisations of an inverse semigroup are:
(Left, right, two-sided) adequate semigroups.
(Left, right, two-sided) ample semigroups.
(Left, right, two-sided) semiadequate semigroups.
Weakly (left, right, two-sided) ample semigroups.
Inverse category
This notion of inverse also readily generalizes to categorize. An inverse category is simply a category in which every morphism has a generalized inverse such that and . An inverse category is selfdual. The category of sets and partial bijections is the prime example.
Inverse categories have found various applications in theoretical computer science.
See also
Notes
References
English translation(PDF)
Further reading
For a brief introduction to inverse semigroups, see either or .
More comprehensive introductions can be found in and .
Open access preprint
Algebraic structures
Semigroup theory
The 23d Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 52d Operations Group and stationed at Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany. It was inactivated on 13 August 2010.
History
World War II
The 23d Fighter Squadron, the "Fighting Hawks," was constituted on 22 December 1939, at Langley Field, Virginia, as the 23d Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor) flying P-36 Hawk aircraft. The unit moved to Kelly Field, Texas, in January 1940, and was equipped with the YP-37.
Antisubmarine warfare
The squadron was one of several deployed to the Caribbean and stationed on bases established as part of the 1940 Destroyers for Bases Agreement with Great Britain. The squadron left from Norfolk, Virginia on 1 February 1940 with several others bound for Puerto Rico aboard the USAT Chateau Thierry for what turned into 29 months of overseas service, taking station at Ponce (later Losey Field) on 6 January 1941. A detachment of the squadron was also established at Benedict Field, St. Croix, US Virgin Islands. In both locations, the mission of the squadron was air defense.
After the Pearl Harbor Attack, the 23d engaged in antisubmarine warfare against German U-boats. The unit's P-39s and P-40s were loaded with 300-pound general-purpose bombs and searched for submarines. While several subs were confirmed as "sighted", no claims were made. On 28 January 1942 the squadron moved to an auxiliary aerodrome, Vega Baja Field, Puerto Rico to provide better interception coverage for the island. Like other squadrons attached to the Antilles Air Command, the unit was alerted on at least two occasions for a possible attack on Vichy French Martinique.
The squadron was renamed the 23d Fighter Squadron in 1942. When the Navy took over the antisubmarine mission, the squadron was redeployed back to the United States, moving to Morrison Field, Florida by 27 May, and it converted to the P-47 Thunderbolt in June 1943.
European Theater of Operations
In March 1944, the 23d deployed to RAF Kingsnorth, England, and Ninth Air Force's 36th Fighter Group. The squadron earned the Distinguished Unit Citation in September 1944 for missions flown from England and forward bases in France supporting the D-Day invasion and the Battle of the Bulge.
Between October 1944 and January 1945, while operating from airfields in Belgium, the squadron earned two citations in the Belgian Army Order of the Day as well as the Belgium Fourragère. The unit was awarded a second Distinguished Unit Citation for action in Germany during April 1945.
United States Air Forces in Europe
After being inactivated in March 1946, the squadron was reactivated in October 1946 at Howard Field, Panama Canal Zone, flying the P-47 and the Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star. In July 1948, the squadron returned to Germany at Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base. Here, the 23d helped form the , an aerial demonstration team and forerunner to today's Thunderbirds.
In November 1952, the squadron moved to Bitburg Air Base, Germany, as part of the 36th Tactical Fighter Wing. In September 1954, the squadron converted to the F-84 Thunderjet and was redesignated the 23d Fighter-Day Squadron. It was the first squadron in Europe to fly the North American F-86 Sabre (1956), the North American F-100 Super Sabre (1956), the Republic F-105 Thunderchief (1961), and the McDonnell F-4 Phantom II (1966). During this period, the squadron received two Air Force Outstanding Unit Awards.
The 23d Tactical Fighter Squadron moved to Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany, and in January 1972 became part of the 52d Tactical Fighter Wing. The 23d converted to F-4E and F-4G Wild Weasels in 1982 and began flying defense suppression missions. In July 1987, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon replaced the F-4E.
In January 1991, at the outbreak of the Gulf War, the 23d deployed to Incirlik Air Base, Turkey. During Operation Proven Force, squadron F-16Cs and F-4Gs flew nearly 1,000 defense suppression, combat air patrol and interdiction missions over Iraq without a single loss. The squadron earned the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with Valor for its part in driving the Iraqi army from Kuwait.
On 17 January 1993 "Trigger" Stevenson shot down a MiG-23 with an AMRAAM that was challenging the no fly zone over Iraq flying F-16C 86–0262. This kill was the second kill using the AMRAAM missile and the second shoot down by USAF F-16.
In September 1991, the squadron's remaining F-4Gs were replaced by F-16Cs. In July 1993, the 23d was the first U.S. unit to enforce the no-fly zone over Bosnia and Herzegovina for Operation Deny Flight. In January 1994, the squadron received the first F-16CJ Block 50 aircraft.
The squadron completed conversion to the latest version of the F-16CJ in January 1995 and became United States Air Forces Europe's only defense suppression squadron. In September of that same year, members of the 23d took part in Operation Deliberate Forge – the largest air assault in North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) history. The unit flew 224 sorties during the air campaign against Bosnian Serb forces.
Pilots from the 23d were the first to employ AGM-88 High-Speed Anti-Radiation Missiles in combat. The squadron's efforts contributed to the peace process and the resulting Dayton Agreement, which ended more than four years of bloody conflict in the Balkans.
For their outstanding contributions to the U.S. Air Forces in Europe's mission, the 23d was selected in May 1996 to receive the Commander's Trophy as the "Best Fighter Squadron in the Command," their third time to win this distinction.
From February to June 1999 the squadron deployed to Aviano Air Base, Italy, where it was assigned to the 31st Air Expeditionary Wing for Operation Allied Force. The squadron supported the NATO mission to degrade and damage the military and security structure that the President of Yugoslavia used to destroy the Albanian majority in Kosovo. During Allied Force the 23d flew over 1000 combat sorties and fired 191 HARM shots to silence over 100 surface-to-air missile sites in Kosovo and Yugoslavia. The squadron was repeatedly noted for bravery in the face of danger while flying these combat operations in Allied Force.
From November 2000 to March 2001 the 23d deployed in support of Operation Southern Watch to patrol the southern no-fly zone over Iraq. During the deployment the squadron provided suppression of enemy air defenses in both air-to-ground and air-to-air roles. In March 2001, the 23d provided SEAD for the largest strike in Iraq since Operation Desert Fox. During the strike to take out command and control facilities in Iraq, the 23d ensured the safety of all allied strikers.
The squadron deployed again from April to July 2002 to Incirlik Air Base, Turkey, for Operation Northern Watch to patrol the northern no-fly zone. During the deployment the squadron was called on to provide SEAD for strikes against ground targets located in northern Iraq. Squadron pilots came under fire numerous times while providing SEAD for coalition aircraft, once firing two HARM shots suppressing an Iraqi surface radar site that targeted friendly aircraft.
In January 2003, elements of the squadron forward deployed to Southwest Asia in support of U.S. Central Command and flew combat missions during Operation Iraqi Freedom. The squadron played a key role during the 27-day air war by fulfilling its mission of suppressing enemy air defenses and destroying Iraqi radar sites.
In April 2010 20 F-16Cs were flown from Spangdahlem to the 148th Fighter Wing, Minnesota Air National Guard, one F-16 was transferred to Edwards Air Force Base, California. All aircraft were from the 22d Fighter Squadron. As a result of the drawdown of F-16s, the 22nd and 23d Fighter Squadrons were inactivated on 13 August 2010 and their personnel and equipment used to form a single "new" squadron, the 480th Fighter Squadron.
Lineage
Constituted as the 23d Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor) on 22 December 1939
Activated on 1 February 1940
Redesignated 23d Fighter Squadron on 15 May 1942
Redesignated 23d Fighter Squadron, Single Engine on 20 August 1943
Inactivated on 31 March 1946
Activated on 15 October 1946
Redesignated 23d Fighter Squadron, Jet Propelled on 27 October 1947
Redesignated 23d Fighter Squadron, Jet on 17 June 1948
Redesignated 23d Fighter-Bomber Squadron on 20 January 1950
Redesignated 23d Fighter-Day Squadron on 9 August 1954
Redesignated 23d Tactical Fighter Squadron on 8 July 1958
Redesignated 23d Fighter Squadron on 1 October 1991
Inactivated 13 August 2010
Assignments
36th Pursuit Group (later 36th Fighter Group), 1 February 1940 – 31 March 1946
36th Fighter Group (later 36th Fighter-Bomber Group, 36 Fighter-Day Group), 15 October 1946
36th Fighter-Day Wing (later 36th Tactical Fighter Wing), 8 December 1957
52d Tactical Fighter Wing (later 52d Fighter Wing), 31 December 1971 (attached to 7440th Composite Wing, 17 January – 15 March 1991)
52d Operations Group, 31 March 1992 – 13 August 2010
Stations
Kelly Field, Texas, 1 February 1940
Brooks Field, Texas, 1 February 1940
Langley Field, Virginia, 17 November 1940
Losey Field, Puerto Rico, 6 January 1941
St. Croix Airport, Virgin Islands, 31 May 1941
Losey Field, Puerto Rico, 15 November 1941
Vega Baja Airfield, Puerto Rico, 13 December 1941
Detachment operated from St Thomas Airport Virgin Islands, c. Mar 1941-c. 6 May 1943
Detachment operated from Arecibo Airfield, Puerto Rico, 11 March-c. 16 May 1943
Morrison Field, Florida, c. 21 May 1943
Mitchel Field, New York, 16 June 1943
Charleston Army Air Field, South Carolina, 22 June 1943
Galveston Army Air Field, Texas, 18 September 1943
Dalhart Army Air Field, Texas, 27 October 1943
Bruning Army Air Field, Nebraska, 24 December 1943 – 11 March 1944
RAF Kingsnorth (AAF-418), England, 6 April 1944
Brucheville Airfield (A-16), France, 3 August 1944
Le Mans Airfield (A-35), France, 6 September 1944
Athis Airfield (A-76), France, 26 September 1944
Juvincourt Airfield (A-68), France, 3 October 1944
Le Culot Airfield (A-89), Belgium, 28 October 1944
Aachen Airfield (Y-46), Germany, 28 March 1945
Niedermendig Airfield (Y-62), Germany, 8 April 1945
Kassel-Rothwesten Airfield (R-12), Germany, 21 April 1945 – 15 February 1946
Bolling Field, District of Columbia, 15 February – 31 March 1946
Howard Field, Panama Canal Zone, 15 October 1946 – 22 July 1948
Furstenfeldbruck Air Base, Germany, c. 17 August 1948
Bitburg Air Base, Germany, 17 November 1952
Spangdahlem AB, Germany, 31 December 1971 – 13 August 2010
Deployed at Incirlik Air Base, Turkey, 17 January – 15 March 1991
Aircraft
Curtiss XP-37 (1940)
Curtiss P-36 Hawk (1940–1942)
Bell P-39 Airacobra (1941–1943)
Curtiss P-40 Warhawk (1941–1943)
Republic P-47 Thunderbolt (1943–1946)
Lockheed P-80 (later F-80) Shooting Star (1947–1950)
Republic F-84 Thunderjet (1950–1953)
North American F-86 Sabre (1953–1956)
North American F-100 Super Sabre (1956–1961)
Republic F-105 Thunderchief (1961–1966)
McDonnell F-4 Phantom II (1966–1991)
General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon (1987–2010)
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
023
023
Landgrave Balthasar of Thuringia (21 December 1336 in Weißenfels – 18 May 1406 at the Wartburg in Eisenach) was Margrave of Meissen and Landgrave of Thuringia from the House of Wettin.
Life
Balthasar was the second son of Frederick the Serious. After his father's death in 1349, his elder brother Frederick the Austere acted as regent and guardian for Balthasar and his brothers William I and Louis. After they came of age, William and Balthasar ruled jointly with Frederick.
After Frederick's death, a conflict arose between the brothers Balthasar and William on the one hand, and their nephews, Frederick the Warlike, William the rich and George on the other hand. This was resolved on November 1382, with the so-called Division of Chemnitz in which Balthasar received the Landgraviate of Thuringia.
Marriage and issue
Balthasar first married, in the spring of 1374, with Margaret, the daughter of Burgrave Albert of Nuremberg (d. 1390). With her, he had a son and a daughter:
Frederick the Peaceable, who succeeded him as Landgrave of Thuringia
Anna of Meissen (d. 4 July 1395), who married Rudolf III, Duke of Saxe-Wittenberg
After Margaret's death, Balthasar married Anna of Saxe-Wittenberg (d. 1426), the widow of Duke Frederick I of Brunswick-Lüneburg. This marriage remained childless.
Ancestry
References
Landgraves of Thuringia
Margraves of Meissen
House of Wettin
People from Weißenfels
1336 births
1406 deaths
14th-century German nobility
Opus sectile is a form of pietra dura popularized in the ancient and medieval Roman world where materials were cut and inlaid into walls and floors to make a picture or pattern. Common materials were marble, mother of pearl, and glass. The materials were cut in thin pieces, polished, then trimmed further according to a chosen pattern. Unlike tessellated mosaic techniques, where the placement of very small uniformly sized pieces forms a picture, opus sectile pieces are much larger and can be shaped to define large parts of the design.
Origin and evolution
Early examples
Early examples have been found from Egypt and Asia Minor.
The Herodian Temple in Jerusalem was built during the second half of the 1st century BCE and the first half of the 1st century CE. Recent work by the Temple Mount Sifting Project has recovered enough pieces of polished stone triangles and squares from the Herodian Temple Mount to reconstruct geometric patterns of opus sectile flooring. Evidence for geometric opus sectile floors also comes from Herodian palaces at Cypros, Caesarea Maritima, Herodium, Jericho, Machaerus, Masada, Tiberius and from Herodian construction at Banias, where the opus sectile consisted of octagons, squares, and triangles.
Golden era: Rome and Eastern Empire
The most prominent artefacts remain from 4th-century Rome. A large set from the Basilica of Junius Bassus survived, depicting an elaborate chariot and other images. The popularity of opus sectile decoration continued in Rome through the 6th century, and affected areas as far as Constantinople (now Istanbul in Turkey). Particularly remarkable are a series of fourth-century CE panels in glass opus sectile, found in a possible sanctuary of Isis at the eastern Corinthian port of Kenchreai, in excavations carried out in the 1960s; they include scenes of famous authors like Homer and Plato, scenes of Nilotic landscapes, harbour-front cities and geometric panels.
Examples
Later uses
Byzantine Empire
Although the technique died in Rome with the decline of the Empire, it continued to be used prominently in Byzantine churches, primarily in floor designs.
Medieval Italy
From Byzantium it was eventually brought back to Sicily and the Italian mainland, in the 12th century as the Cosmatesque style, concentrating on geometric patterns.
It is featured at the basilica San Miniato al Monte that overlooks Florence.
Italian Renaissance
There was a major revival from the Italian Renaissance (14th–17th century) in the form of pietra dura work, although this normally consists of much smaller compositions and it was used on furniture, mainly.
Intarsia
Architectural work from later periods tends to be called intarsia.
19th-century England
In England, the technique was revived in the late 19th century by artists working in the Arts and Crafts movement. Charles Hardgrave, whose designs were executed by James Powell & Sons at the Whitefriars Glass Works, was a noted designer in this technique.
See also
Intarsia
Marquetry
Pietra dura
Bibliography
Avraham, A.: 'Addressing the Issue of Temple Mount Pavements During the Herodian Period'. New Studies on Jerusalem, Vol 13, Ramat-Gan, Israel. 2007.
Becatti, G. Edificio con opus sectile fuori Porta Marina. Roma: Istituto Poligrafico dello Stato, 1969.
De Fazio, A & Schöps, A.: Un lacerto in 'opus sectile' dalla 'domus' di via D'Azeglio a Ravenna: proposte di restauro e conservazione. Ravenna: Longo, 1995.
Snyder, F. & Avraham. A.: The Opus Sectile Floor in Caldarium of the Palatial Fortress at Cypros. In: Hasmonean and Herodian Palaces at Jericho, Volume V. The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, pp 175–202. 2013.
The Stations of the Cross according to St. Alphonsus; reproduced from the original “opus sectile” panels in the Church of St Mary's, Lowe House, St Helens, Lancs. London: Burns Oates, 1934.
References
Artistic techniques
Ancient Roman art
Hardstone carving
Roman mosaics
Peresołowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 km (10 mi) from the Ukraine border, west of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Cornelius O'Callaghan ( – 3 January 1742) was an Irish politician. He sat in the Irish House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for the borough of Fethard in County Tipperary from 1713 to 1714.
References
1680 births
1742 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Tipperary constituencies
Irish MPs 1713–1714
Cornelius
Dowiyogo is the surname of:
Bernard Dowiyogo (1946–2003), 2nd president of Nauru
Christine Dowiyogo, First Lady of Nauru
Valdon Dowiyogo (1968–2016), Nauruan politician
Christopher Kjell Mykles, better known by his nickname MonteCristo, is an esports league commissioner and former color commentator, analyst, and organization owner.
He rose to prominence whilst working with League of Legends, most notably as an English-language commentator for OnGameNet, broadcaster of the LCK, from 2012 through 2016. He also worked on the broadcast team for the League of Legends World Championship from 2013 to 2015. In 2013 and 2014, he was a coach for Counter Logic Gaming, and from 2015 to 2016 he owned Renegades. He was employed as a shoutcaster for the Overwatch League from 2017 to 2019. In 2020, he became the commissioner of Flashpoint, a Counter-Strike: Global Offensive league, and a vice president of the league's parent company.
Coaching and ownership
Counter Logic Gaming
On July 24, 2013, Mykles became a coach for Counter Logic Gaming. On September 5, 2014, Mykles left his coaching position at CLG.
Renegades
On June 22, 2015, Mykles became a co-owner of LA Renegades. On May 8, 2016, Riot Games announced that Team Impulse and Renegades were banned from the LCS. Additionally, Mykles would be banned from all Riot-sponsored activities as a team owner or manager for a year, though he could continue casting for those events. The punishment stemmed from charges of not properly disclosing team ownership, misleading player trades, and player mistreatment. Renegades later sold their LoL team to Team EnVyUs.
Broadcasting
Mykles's first involvement with esports was as a volunteer writer for WCReplays, a Warcraft 3 replays site. He began shoutcasting for WCReplays with David "Phreak" Turley, later attesting that casting came naturally to him due to many years of stage performance. During his involvement with Warcraft 3, he managed a professional team with Verge Gaming and joined the Team Sportscast Network, a now defunct esports shoutcasting organization. He later accepted a full-time contract casting position at OnGameNet as an English-language caster for League of Legends Champions Korea. Mykles, Erik "DoA" Lonnquist, and Christopher "PapaSmithy" Smith declined to commentate at the 2016 Mid-Season Invitational in Shanghai because of a wage dispute with Riot.
In April 2017, Mykles and Lonnquist announced they would be moving from South Korea to the United States to serve as shoutcasters for the Overwatch League. After two seasons with the league, Mykles announced that he would no longer be casting for the OWL ahead of the 2020 season.
Flashpoint
Mykles joined B Site, a team-owned producer for the Counter-Strike: Global Offensive league Flashpoint, and in June 2020, he was named as the league commissioner for Flashpoint and the vice president for brand for B Site.
Awards and nominations
Personal life
On November 29, 2018, he gained notability on social media after inviting other esports personalities to an event he was hosting titled "Esports Mystery", which was later revealed to be his wedding with Susie "LilSusie" Kim. He later revealed that they had been married since June 2017, but wanted to wait before announcing their marriage to the public.
References
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
League of Legends coaches
Counter Logic Gaming
Living people
1986 births
League of Legends commentators
People from Fort Collins, Colorado
Overwatch (video game) commentators
Esports team owners
Robert Atkins may refer to:
Robert Atkins (nutritionist) (1930–2003), American physician noted for the Atkins diet
Robert Atkins (actor) (1886–1972), British film and theatre actor
Robert Atkins (politician) (born 1946), UK Conservative Party politician
Robert Atkins (comics) (born 1979), American comics artist
Bob Atkins (born 1962), English footballer
Bob Atkins (American football) (1946-2020), American football player
See also
Robert Atkyns (disambiguation)
Bureau County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 34,978. Its county seat is Princeton.
Bureau County is part of the Ottawa, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area, and the Hennepin Canal Parkway State Park is located partly in this county.
History
Bureau County was created from a portion of Putnam County in 1837. It is named for brothers Michel and Pierre Bureau, French Canadians who ran a trading post from 1776 until the 1780s near the conjunction of Big Bureau Creek with Illinois River. Their actual surname most likely was Belleau, but the local American Indians had difficulty pronouncing the "l" sound, which was not found in some local languages.
An early settler of this area was Bulbona, a man of mixed French and Native American descent with a Native American wife. Unlike most of the other Native Americans in the area, Bulbona remained after the area was settled by Euro-Americans and ran a trading post, where he sold whiskey among other necessities.
The founders of Princeton, the area's oldest town, were settlers from New England, descendants of the English Puritans who settled New England in the 17th century. They were part of a wave of New England farmers who moved to the Northwest Territory in the early 19th century. Most of them came soon after of the completion of the Erie Canal. When they arrived, they faced virgin forest and wild prairie. These New Englanders laid out farms, constructed roads, erected government buildings and established post routes. They brought with them many of their Yankee New England values, such as a passion for education, establishing many schools, and were staunch abolitionists. They were mostly members of the Congregationalist Church or Episcopalians. Early Bureau County, like much of northern Illinois, was culturally very continuous with early New England culture.
Like so many other areas in the Midwest, this county was on a "line" of the Underground Railroad. There was a "station" at the home of Owen Lovejoy in Princeton, and several other locations in the county.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water. Big Bureau Creek is the main body of water.
Adjacent counties
Whiteside County - northwest
Lee County - north
LaSalle County - east
Putnam County - southeast
Marshall County - south
Stark County - southwest
Henry County - west
Major highways
Interstate 80
Interstate 180
U.S. Route 6
U.S. Route 34
Illinois Route 26
Illinois Route 29
Illinois Route 40
Illinois Route 89
Illinois Route 92
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Princeton have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1996 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in August.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 34,978 people, 14,262 households, and 9,605 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 15,720 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.2% white, 0.7% Asian, 0.6% black or African American, 0.3% American Indian, 3.0% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 7.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.8% were German, 13.8% were Irish, 12.1% were English, 9.2% were American, 8.8% were Italian, 7.6% were Swedish, and 5.8% were Polish.
Of the 14,262 households, 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.7% were non-families, and 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.94. The median age was 42.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $45,692 and the median income for a family was $55,217. Males had a median income of $42,327 versus $29,210 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,103. About 8.6% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Princeton
Spring Valley
Villages
Arlington
Buda
Bureau Junction
Cherry
Dalzell (part)
DePue
Dover
Hollowayville
La Moille
Ladd
Malden
Manlius
Mineral
Neponset
New Bedford
Ohio
Seatonville
Sheffield
Tiskilwa
Walnut
Wyanet
Unincorporated communities
Coal Hollow
Clarion
Greenoak
Kasbeer
Langley
Limerick
Lone Tree
Marquette
Milo
Normandy
Ottville
Providence
Thomas
Van Orin
Webster Park
Wendel
Whitefield
Yorktown
Zearing
Townships
Arispie
Berlin
Bureau
Clarion
Concord
Dover
Fairfield
Gold
Greenville
Hall
Indiantown
Lamoille
Leepertown
Macon
Manlius
Milo
Mineral
Neponset
Ohio
Princeton
Selby
Walnut
Westfield
Wheatland
Wyanet
Notable people
Charles W. Brooks, U.S. Senator
Warren Giles, executive in Baseball Hall of Fame
Virgil Fox, concert organist
Kathryn Hays, actress
Owen Lovejoy, abolitionist minister and U.S. congressman
Joseph R. Peterson, Illinois state legislator and lawyer
Robert Petkoff, actor
Eliza Suggs, author and temperance activist
Richard Widmark, actor
Politics
As part of Yankee-settled Northern Illinois, Bureau County became powerfully Republican for the century following the Civil War. The only Democrat to carry the county between 1856 and 1988 was Franklin D. Roosevelt during his landslide 1932 victory, although Progressive Theodore Roosevelt did carry the county during the 1912 election. Between 1988 and 2012, the county trended Democratic – Bill Clinton won pluralities in both his elections and Barack Obama won an absolute majority in 2008 and nearly did so in 2012 – however concern with lack of employment opportunities in the Rust Belt led to a powerful swing toward Donald Trump in 2016 for the best GOP result since Ronald Reagan's 1984 landslide.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bureau County, Illinois
References
Specific
General
US Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
US Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
US National Atlas
External links
Illinois counties
1837 establishments in Illinois
Ottawa, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area
Populated places established in 1837
Populated places on the Underground Railroad
Rowan Ricardo Phillips (born 1974 in New York City) is an American poet and writer.
He is the author of the poetry collections The Ground (2012), Heaven (2015), and Living Weapon (2020), the non-fiction books When Blackness Rhymes with Blackness and The Circuit: A Tennis Odyssey, and a translation from the Catalan of Salvador Espriu's short-story collection Ariadne in the Grotesque Labyrinth.
Phillips has been the recipient of a Whiting Award, a Guggenheim Fellowship, the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award, and the Nicolás Guillén Outstanding Book Prize. He won the PEN/Joyce Osterweil Award for Poetry in 2013 and the PEN/ESPN Award for Literary Sportswriting in 2019.
Phillips was one of 32 poets, novelists, playwrights, and short story writers "essential to how we understand our country and its place in the world right now" featured in the 2018 New York Times Style Magazine article and video project "Black Male Writers of Our Time."
Life
Phillips was born in New York City and grew up in the Bronx. His parents are from Antigua and Barbuda. He graduated from Hunter College High School and Swarthmore College and has a doctorate in English Literature from Brown University.
Phillips teaches Creative Writing at Princeton. He is a Professor of English at Stony Brook University. He has previously taught at Harvard, Columbia, Williams, NYU, and Baruch College. He lives in New York City and Barcelona with his wife and two daughters.
Phillips is President of the Board of the New York Institute for the Humanities. He is also a member of the Board of Aspen Words.
Phillips is a supporter, and club member, of FC Barcelona.
Writing
Phillips's first three books of poems––The Ground, Heaven, and Living Weapon––can be read as a poetry trilogy. The poet Henri Cole wrote, "Like all good poets, Rowan Ricardo Phillips writes from a zone of his own creation, mixing the traditions of his West Indian ancestry with American poetry. He is a hopeful poet, a rising star." Phillips's poems engage such topics as the role of the imagination in human experience, the power of the sublime, the ubiquity of beauty, the history of literature, the necessity of translation, U.S. history, racism, colonialism, police violence, capitalism, and the Black Lives Matter movement. Through all of these subjects, Phillips's work meditates on the role of the poem and the poet, referencing poetic tradition from Greek mythology through centuries of English and American verse. Poet and scholar Evie Shockley writes of The Ground that Phillips's poems “carry the authoritative descriptions and rhythms of Walcott, the philosophical and symbolic flights of Stevens, the subtle humor and cosmopolitanism of Dove, but in a language whose musical blend of the contemporary and the timeless is all Phillips's own. These poems assert cycles—they repeat, recur, and return—but where we end up is not where we started.” The Trinidadian poet and writer Andre Bagoo said of the Phillips trilogy: “Look closely and you can see major moments in US history informing his three collections. The Ground (2012) fell under in the shadow of 9/11; Heaven (2015) under the presidency of Barack Obama; and now the final part of this informal trinity, Living Weapon (2020) comes in the age of Donald Trump and COVID-19.” In a 2021 review of Living Weapon for The Guardian, David Wheatley writes that “Phillips's determination to push beyond irony into affirmation is an audacious gesture – 'resilient as bioluminescence', these poems of 'song and pain' announce a bold new talent.”
Phillips is the author of a book of literary criticism on African American poetry, When Blackness Rhymes with Blackness (2010), and a translation from the Catalan of Salvador Espriu's story collection Ariadne in the Grotesque Labyrinth (2012).
Phillips is known for his sportswriting on tennis, soccer, basketball, and baseball. He has contributed writing on sports to The New York Times Magazine, The New Yorker, The New Republic and the Paris Review. About his book The Circuit: A Tennis Odyssey, which won the PEN/ESPN Award for Literary Sportswriting in 2019, the novelist John Green writes, “As sports writing goes, The Circuit is unusual in the very best way. Rowan Ricardo Phillips writes with such fluidity, and packs the book with bursts of brilliance. This is a compulsively readable guide to one truly Homeric year of professional tennis.” The book follows the 2017 men's ATP Tour, featuring players Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic, David Goffin, and Albert Ramos Viñolas. Writing for The New York Times, Geoff Macdonald describes the book as “a poet's love song to the game of tennis.” Phillips's writing on basketball has been collected by the Library of America. His soccer writing has been praised by English soccer star and sports commentator Gary Lineker.
Phillips wrote a screenplay for a biopic of baseball icon Roberto Clemente adapted from the David Maraniss biography Clemente: The Passion and Grace of Baseball's Last Hero. The film is set to be directed by Ezra Edelman.
His poem “Heralds of Delicioso Coco Helado” was adapted into the song “Coco Helado” by Spanglish Fly featuring Phillips performing his poem. It appeared in Spike Lee's Netflix series She's Gotta Have It.
Awards and honors
2019 Nicolás Guillén Outstanding Book Award for Heaven, given by the Caribbean Philosophical Association
2019 PEN/ESPN Award for Literary Sports Writing for The Circuit: A Tennis Odyssey2012 Los Angeles Times Book Prize finalist for poetry, for The Ground
2016 Anisfield-Wolf Book Award for "Heaven"
2016 Griffin Poetry Prize shortlist for Heaven
2015 Guggenheim Fellow
2013 Great Lakes Colleges Association New Writers Award winner for poetry, for The Ground
2013 NAACP Image Award finalist for Outstanding Literary Work, Poetry, for The Ground
2013 PEN/Joyce Osterweil Award for Poetry winner, for The Ground
2013 Whiting Award winner for poetry
Bibliography
Poetry
Living Weapon: Poems. Farrar, Straus and Giroux. 2020. .
"Violins." African American Poetry: 250 Years of Struggle and Song, edited by Kevin Young. Library of America. 2020. .
Criticism
Translation
Nonfiction
The Circuit: A Tennis Odyssey. Farrar, Straus and Giroux. 2018. .
References
External links
http://www.rowanricardophillips.com/about
http://www.stonybrook.edu/commcms/english/people/faculty/phillips/main.html
http://www.poetrysociety.org/psa/poetry/crossroads/own_words/Rowan_Ricardo_Phillips/
http://heymancenter.org/people/rowan-ricardo-phillips/
http://www.whiting.org/awards/winners/rowan-ricardo-phillips#/
Biography, poetry excerpts from Griffin Poetry Prize website
1974 births
American male poets
Writers from New York City
Swarthmore College alumni
Brown University alumni
Living people
21st-century American poets
21st-century American male writers
Trubny (masculine), Trubnaya (feminine), or Trubnoye (neuter) may refer to:
Trubny, Astrakhan Oblast, Russia
Trubnaya (Moscow Metro)
Moody S. Jolley (March 23, 1910 – February 4, 1976) was an American thoroughbred horse racing owner, breeder and trainer. His son, LeRoy, trained Ridan and other horses owned by the family.
Career
He began his professional training career in the mid-1930s and by 1940 had his first Kentucky Derby runner. For several years, he trained for Harry Guggenheim's Cain Hoy Stable. After their partnership ended in November 1952. Jolley would soon join Bull Hancock's renowned Claiborne Farm where he conditioned the great Round Table before the colt was sold.
Six horses trained by Moody Jolley ran in the American Classics with his best result a sixth in the 1951 Kentucky Derby, a third in the 1959 Preakness Stakes and a third in the 1951 Belmont Stakes.
The most famous horse Moody Jolley and his wife owned was Ridan, a strong-headed colt purchased as a yearling and owned in partnership with Ernest Woods and John L. Greer. In 1962 Ridan won the Florida Derby and Blue Grass Stakes and equaled the world record for five furlongs in a near effortless early-morning workout. The Jolleys also owned multiple Graded stakes race winner Nearly On Time whose wins included the 1976 Whitney Handicap.
Death and legacy
Moody Jolley was living in Hialeah, Florida at the time of his death in 1976. As well, in an illustrious career LeRoy Jolley trained for other prominent owners and was inducted in the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame in 1987.
References
Mitchell, Frank J. Great Breeders and Their Methods: The Hancocks (2006) Russell Meerdink Co. Ltd.
1910 births
1976 deaths
American horse trainers
People from Tennessee
People from Hialeah, Florida
Robert Antoni may refer to:
Robert Antoni (born 1958), West Indian writer
Robert "Stewkey" Antoni (born 1947), American musician
See also
Robert Anthony (born 1982), wrestler
We () is an upcoming Russian dystopian film directed by Hamlet Dulyan, a screen adaptation of the dystopia of the same name by Yevgeny Zamyatin. It is scheduled to be theatrically released on December 1, 2022.
Plot
The Great War is over. As a result, most of the population perished. The survivors live in an impeccable, authoritarian One State. Each has its own serial number and uniform. For the D-503 engineer, who builds a super-powerful spacecraft, such a life is ideal. And suddenly he meets a woman, I-330, who radically changed his ideas about himself and awakened uncontrollable feelings.
Cast
Production
This is the first Russian film adaptation of Zamyatin's novel. Filming has been completed, but due to the pandemic, work on the visual effects of the film has been temporarily suspended.
References
External links
2022 films
2020s Russian-language films
2020s dystopian films
2020s science fiction drama films
Russian science fiction drama films
Russian dystopian films
Upcoming Russian-language films
Aziz Abu Sarah (, ; b. 1980) is a Palestinian peace activist, journalist, social entrepreneur and politician.
After watching his brother die of internal injuries subsequent to being released from an Israeli jail following a year-long detention for stone throwing, Abu Sarah first turned to anti-Israel political writing. After high school, he learned Hebrew and joined an Israeli-Palestinian families bereavement organization, and began lecturing against violent activism in schools.
Abu Sarah co-founded the alternative tour company Mejdi with his Jewish friend Scott Cooper, which gives different perspectives on any given point of interest to tourists in various multi-cultural locales. He later received recognition for his conflict resolution work in such disparate places as Colombia and Afghanistan. He has advocated for better political representation and living conditions for Palestinian residents of East Jerusalem through his association with political advisor Gershon Baskin.
Early life
Abu Sarah was born in al-Eizariya, a town in the West Bank, to a Muslim family, the youngest of seven children. His father ran a produce import-export company with neighboring Arab countries. As a youth growing up during the First Intifada, he threw stones at passing Israeli cars "because we were bored, with nothing to do." His first stone was accidentally thrown at a neighbor's car. The only Jews Abu Sarah knew of were the soldiers he dodged at Israeli checkpoints, and Israeli settlers.
When Abu Sarah was 9, his older brother Tayseer was arrested from home by the Israel Defence Forces on suspicion of stone throwing and detained for almost a year. His brother died from internal injuries a few weeks after being released from custody, from what the family believed he received under torture in an Israeli prison.
The family moved to nearby East Jerusalem when Abu Sarah was 16 due to his difficulty in obtaining an Israeli identity card in al-Eizariya. He attended the Al Rashidiyeh School, and soon after joined the Fatah youth movement, which had a strong presence at the school. Abu Sarah refused to participate in the required Hebrew language instruction out of spite. As editor of the youth organization's magazine, he contributed many angry and vengeful articles. He wrote political pamphlets, a crime that would have gotten him 6 months imprisonment under the Israeli Civil Administration.
After finishing high school, Abu Sarah enrolled in an ulpan (Hebrew language school) on King George Street after realizing the career limitations of not understanding the language. There for the first time he began getting to know some Israeli Jews. He visited Yad Vashem, walked through a Haredi neighborhood and attended a Christian Bible college to obtain different perspectives on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Urged on by a family friend, he attended lectures with his parents sponsored by The Parents Circle-Families Forum, which featured Israelis and Palestinians who were suffering from loss of family members due to the conflict. He would later become strongly associated with the Forum.
Activism
Abu Sarah has been described as being both a Palestinian peace activist, and a Palestinian patriot and nationalist.
To illustrate the impact of the death toll as a result of the Second Intifada, Abu Sarah helped arrange for 1,200 coffins (the number of casualties on both sides) draped with Israeli and Palestinian flags to be displayed in Rabin Square. The authorities mostly scuttled the event, but it was later successfully carried out in front of the Headquarters of the United Nations in New York City. He was instrumental in initiating a free telephone line for Israelis and Palestinians to communicate with each other and to leave voice mails, amounting to 500,000 calls in total. The program was later expanded through the internet. He has appeared at over 1000 school venues on behalf of the Families Forum, lecturing to 30,000 people. Later as a TED fellow, he has lectured at venues in the United States and around the world.
Abu Sarah is a former co-executive director of the Center for World Religions, Diplomacy and Conflict Resolution, an arm of George Mason University's School for Conflict Analysis and Resolution. He coordinated the group's work in Islamic countries such as Afghanistan and Syria.
Professional career
Journalism
Abu Sarah hosted Changing Directions, a program broadcast on the All for Peace radio station. The format revolved around interviews of members of the Bereaved Families Forum, and sought to find out how the respondents changed their outlook to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict as a result of experiencing tragedies. The station was shut down by the Israeli government in November 2011.
As a National Geographic Explorer, Abu Sarah hosted the 4-part web series documentary Conflict Zone in 2013, featuring perspectives from both sides of the conflict. He has written columns for The New York Times, Haaretz, The Jerusalem Post, The Washington Post, +972 Magazines and provided analysis on programs broadcast on CNN, Fox News and al Jazeera.
Tourism
After studying tourism management, Abu Sarah founded his own tour company. Through the course of this work he met Marc Gopin of George Mason University, who inspired him to turn the company into a social entrepreneurship. In 2009, Abu Sarah, together with business partner Scott Cooper, founded Mejdi, an enterprise that offers alternative tours for Jews, Muslims and Christians on both sides in the conflict zone. Each tour is dispatched with two tour guides, one Jewish and one Palestinian, with each giving his own historical perspective. The model was so successful that it spawned similar operations in Vietnam, Turkey, Colombia, Ireland and other places experiencing cultural conflict. The company partners with National Geographic Expeditions. Gopin helped get Abu Sarah his start in international conflict resolution work.
Political career
In 2018, Abu Sarah started a campaign to be the first Palestinian since 1944 to become elected mayor of Jerusalem. At first he planned to run together with his political adviser Gershon Baskin on a joint Israeli-Palestinian list, but this later changed to an all-Palestinian list called Al-Quds Lana (Jerusalem is Ours). The party did not hold large political rallies or public town halls due to fear of harassment from hardline community opponents, so instead they met with local committees, teacher's groups, students, and communities in closed door meetings. While some Palestinians gave their support, others called him a traitor, with some pelting Abu Sarah with eggs at a speech he gave outside Jerusalem city hall. The Palestine Liberation Organization has historically discouraged Palestinians from participating in Israeli elections because they claim it legitimises the occupation. The Palestinian Authority had already appointed its own governor of Jerusalem, Adnan Gaith, who said "We tell Aziz Abu Sarah, if you want to become the mayor of Jerusalem, you should wait until Jerusalem becomes the capital of the Palestinian State.
Israeli law forbids Palestinians from East Jerusalem such as Abu Sarah who are not Israeli citizens from running for office. He planned to sue to obtain this right in the Supreme Court of Israel. He asked, "If Israel really claims to be a democracy then how is it that 40 per cent of a city (the Palestinians) cannot hold the most important job?"
On 25 September 2018, Abu Sarah dropped out of the race. He cited an Israeli threat to revoke his Jerusalem resident I.D. on the grounds that most of his time was being spent outside of Jerusalem, and with his tour company. He was also concerned about opposition from Palestinian election-boycott activists who were "applying strong pressure on our candidates and their families" to end their campaign.
Personal life
Abu Sarah divides his time between Virginia and Wadi al-Joz, a neighborhood of East Jerusalem. He speaks Arabic, Hebrew and English fluently, and enjoys country music.
Awards and recognition
Goldberg Prize for Peace in the Middle East from the Institute of International Education
Solidar Silver Rose Award at the European Parliament
Eisenhower Medallion from People to People International
Eliav-Sartawi Award for Middle Eastern Journalism
Intercultural Innovation Award from the United Nations Alliance of Civilizations and BMW Group
Listed in The 500 Most Influential Muslims, 2010—2018
Recognized by United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon for his work in global conflict resolution during his speech at the 5th World Forum of the Alliance of Civilizations initiative in February 2013.
Books and publications
Clark, Kelly J.; Abu Sarah, Aziz; Kreimer, Nancy F. (2018): Strangers, Neighbors, Friends: Muslim-Christian-Jewish Reflections on Compassion and Peace. Cascade Books
Abu Sarah, Aziz. Column roll, +972 Magazines
References
External links
Conflict Zone, National Geographic Series, YouTube
For More Tolerance, We Need More...Tourism?, TED talk by Aziz Abu Sarah
, "Revolutionizing Education: Building Peace in a Divided World" - Alianza Cultural Uruguay - Estados Unidos.
, From Revenge to Reconciliation - Nat Geo Live, YouTube
, "From Extremism to Inclusion" - The 4th IPCRI forum for 2016
, NGL presents Voices with Aziz Abu Sarah
, Interview with Aziz Abu Sarah - TESOL COLOMBIA
, UN Vienna Global Forum 2013 recognizes peace activist Aziz Abu Sara
, Aziz Abu Sarah: How can travel change the world
1980 births
21st-century Palestinian writers
Fatah members
Nonviolence advocates
Palestinian Arab nationalists
Palestinian company founders
Palestinian documentary filmmakers
Palestinian expatriates in the United States
Palestinian Muslim activists
Palestinian Muslim pacifists
Palestinian opinion journalists
Palestinian political writers
Palestinian politicians
Palestinian social commentators
Palestinian translators
Politicians from Jerusalem
Tour guides
Writers from Jerusalem
Living people
In United States aviation, a special flight rules area (SFRA) is a region in which the normal regulations of flight do not apply in whole or in part, especially regulations concerning airspace classification, altitude, course, and speed restrictions, and the like.
Washington, DC Special Flight Rules Area
Following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the airspace around Washington DC underwent a number of changes designed to restrict flying around the city. In 2003, a temporary flight rules area was created and was named the Washington DC Air Defense Identification Zone. In 2008 the temporary status of the ADIZ was removed and the rule was made permanent.
In order to fly within the DC SFRA, pilots of general aviation aircraft are required to file a special flight rules flight plan, obtain a discrete transponder code, and remain in contact with air traffic control at all times. Special training is required in order to fly within 60 nm of the Washington DC (KDCA) VOR.
Los Angeles Special Flight Rules Area
Long established in the Los Angeles basin is the Los Angeles SFRA. Los Angeles International Airport is surrounded by extensive Class B airspace, which is difficult for VFR traffic to navigate. In particular, the airport has four large runways running east/west that have airspace protection from 10,000 feet down to the surface that is 25 statute miles wide. This large swath of Class B airspace bisects Los Angeles and makes flights between the airports north of LAX and south of LAX require air traffic control to route these flights. To alleviate this load on ATC, the SFRA over LAX defines two exceptions to the Class B airspace to allow VFR aircraft to transit without control from ATC.
There are two routes, one for southeast-bound traffic and one for northwest-bound traffic. Both follow the 132° radial of the Santa Monica VOR between the Santa Monica Airport and the intersection of Interstate 405 and Imperial Highway. Southeast-bound traffic flies at 3,500 feet. Northwest-bound traffic flies at 4,500 feet. Despite being in the Class B airspace, aircraft following the rules of this corridor need not communicate with ATC.
The rules are fairly simple: Turn on all practical lights, day or night. Squawk 1201. Do not exceed 140 knots IAS. Monitor and self-report on 128.55 MHz. Have a copy of the Los Angeles TAC in the aircraft. No jets.
Hudson River Special Flight Rules Area
On November 19, 2009, the FAA effected an SFRA in the New York City Class B airspace, motivated largely by the mid-air collision of a private general aviation aircraft and a sightseeing helicopter ride along the Hudson River VFR corridor in the summer of 2009.
The Hudson River Class B exclusion area is formed from the airspace above the Hudson River between the Alpine Tower and the Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge. It is bounded by the banks of the Hudson river and runs from the surface of the river up to 1,300 feet. Aircraft fly along the right-hand bank to separate northbound and southbound traffic. Aircraft transiting the entire corridor fly between 1,000' and 1,300'. Aircraft performing local operations (mostly landing and taking off) inside the area fly under 1,000'. Aircraft need not communicate with ATC, but they must make certain mandatory self-reports at certain charted points.
In addition, there is a further Class B exclusion area over the East River between the Hudson river and just past the Queensboro Bridge. This length cannot be transited, as the Queensboro end of the corridor ends inside the Class B airspace. Additionally, aircraft not landing or taking off inside the East river exclusion must be in contact with ATC.
Other Examples
Other examples of SFRAs include:
Grand Canyon
Ketchikan, Alaska
Valparaiso, Florida (community of Eglin Air Force Base)
Within the Class C airspace of Anchorage International Airport and Elmendorf AFB
An SFRA is currently proposed for Luke AFB in Arizona but it has not been finalized yet.
References
Air traffic control
is dean of the Ritsumeikan University Graduate School of Sport and Health Science. His name became famous in relation to the "Tabata Protocol", one form of high-intensity interval training, although Tabata credits Olympic speed skating coach Koichi Irisawa with pioneering the technique.
Tabata was educated in Japan and Norway, and studied for a year at Washington University in St. Louis. Prior to his tenure at Ritsumeikan University, he worked at the National Institute for Health and Nutrition in Japan, and with the Japanese speed skating team. In 1981, Tabata converted to Judaism and took the name Joseph.
Tabata has contributed to many highly cited articles, and in 2020 had an h-index of 36, according to Clarivate Analytics. The most cited article has been cited over 900 times, according to Google Scholar. Dr. Tabata has authored or co-authored over 100 additional scholarly articles in publications such as Journal of Applied Physiology, Japanese Journal of Physical Fitness and Sports Medicine, Environmental Health and Preventive Medicine, European Journal of Clinical Nutrition, and European Journal of Applied Physiology.
Commercial involvement
From February 2013 to December 2016, Universal Pictures and Tabata jointly licensed a high-intensity exercise program trademarked as Tabata, based around 20 seconds of intense exercise and 10 seconds of rest.
External links
The Official Tabata Trailer - The Science (has images of Tabata in his lab)
Who Is Professor Tabata?
References
Living people
1956 births
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Richard Sprigg Canby (September 30, 1808 – July 27, 1895) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Lebanon, Ohio, Canby completed preparatory studies.
He attended Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, from 1826 to 1828.
He engaged in mercantile pursuits and while thus employed studied law.
He was admitted to the bar about 1840 and commenced practice in Bellefontaine, Ohio.
He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1845 and 1846.
Canby was elected as a Whig to the Thirtieth Congress (March 4, 1847 – March 3, 1849).
He engaged in agricultural pursuits.
Upon its formation in 1856 affiliated with the Republican Party.
He moved to Olney, Illinois, in 1863, where he resumed the practice of law.
Canby was elected judge of the second judicial circuit court of Illinois in 1867 and served for several years.
He again resumed the practice of his profession in Olney.
Discontinued active business pursuits in 1882, and lived in retirement until his death.
He died in Olney, Illinois, July 27, 1895.
He was interred in Haven Hill Cemetery.
Sources
1808 births
1895 deaths
People from Lebanon, Ohio
Miami University alumni
People from Bellefontaine, Ohio
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Olney, Illinois
Creative Control may refer to:
Artistic control, the authority to decide how a final media product will appear
Creative Control (business), a New York-based online TV network
Creative control (business), a Los Angeles-based music supervision company
Creative Control TV, an online TV network
Creative Control (film), a 2015 film directed by Benjamin Dickinson
The Harris Brothers, a professional wrestling tag team who used the stage name Creative Control
The modern constellation Lynx lies across two of the quadrants symbolized by the White Tiger of the West (西方白虎, Xī Fāng Bái Hǔ) and Vermilion Bird of the South (南方朱雀, Nán Fāng Zhū Què), that divide the sky in traditional Chinese uranography.
The name of the western constellation in modern Chinese is 天貓座 (tiān māo zuò), meaning "the celestial cat constellation".
Stars
The map of Chinese constellation in constellation Lynx area consists of :
See also
Traditional Chinese star names
Chinese constellations
References
External links
Lynx – Chinese associations
香港太空館研究資源
中國星區、星官及星名英譯表
天象文學
台灣自然科學博物館天文教育資訊網
中國古天文
中國古代的星象系統
Astronomy in China
Lynx (constellation)
The Main Street Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Main Street in Dalton, Massachusetts. Although the cemetery dates to 1781, much of it was laid out in the 19th century, during the rural cemetery movement. Its most prominent burials are those of the Crane family, whose papermaking business, Crane and Company, has dominated Dalton since the 1820s. The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Description and history
The Main Street Cemetery is located on the western fringe of Dalton's developed downtown area, near its town line with Pittsfield. It is bounded on the south by Main Street, the west by Park Avenue, the north by properties fronting on John Street, and the east by properties fronting on Willis Street and Flansburg Avenue. It is roughly rectangular, and about in size. Its most visible element is a long concrete wall, built in 1911, that separates it from Main Street. The cemetery grounds consist of meandering gravel paths, dotted with mature trees and other plantings. The cemetery has more than 850 burials, and remains in active use.
The oldest portion of the cemetery appears to be its northeastern section, which is where the town's first meeting house was located. The cemetery's oldest dated burials are from 1788, not long after the town's incorporation (1784). The two largest plots in the cemetery are those of the Crane and Weston families, both of which have been historically important to the town's papermaking business. The cemetery chapel, built in 1907, is a prominent local example of Gothic Revival architecture, designed by the Pittsfield firm of Harding & Seaver.
Notable interments
Josephine Porter Boardman, socialite and patron of the arts who co-founded the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Bruce Crane, Businessman and politician who was president and chairman of Crane & Co. and a member of the Massachusetts Governor's Council
Winthrop Murray Crane, political figure and businessman who was Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts, Governor of Massachusetts, and a United States senator
Byron Weston, Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts from 1880 to 1883
See also
East Main Street Cemetery
National Register of Historic Places listings in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
References
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Cemeteries in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
Dalton, Massachusetts
Jayshree Talwalkar, also known as Didi, which literally translates as elder sister in Hindi, is an Indian philosopher, spiritual leader, social reformer. She has represented Swadhyay and Indian philosophy at different conferences.
Jayshree Talwalkar is the daughter and spiritual heir of Pandurang Shastri Athavale (Dadaji), a philosopher, social scientist, and founder of the Swadhyay (pronounced ‘swaadhyaay') Parivar (meaning family). She is the leader of “Silent but Singing” Swadhyay movement. At the age of 20, she conducted the first “Geetatrayah” – a three-day overview of Bhagvad Geeta - reciting, translating and explaining applied philosophy of "Bhagvad Geeta - Divine Song of the Lord Krishna". Since then, she has conducted numerous Geetatrayah. She was awarded the Lokshikshak Award by Apte Guruji Smarak Trust. In 2002, she spoke at a symposium organized by the New York-based World Conference on Religion and Peace (WCRP), and was the only invitee to represent Hinduism to speak at the World Conference on Peace, organized by Pontifical Council for Inter-Religious Dialogue.
References
Living people
20th-century Indian philosophers
Indian women philosophers
Indian Hindu spiritual teachers
Indian social reformers
1957 births
20th-century Indian women
Ngapoi Cedain Zhoigar (, , pinyin: Āpèi Cáidàn Zhuógá; September 1915 - 24 May 2012) was a member of the Tibetan aristocratic Ngapoi clan. Since the founding of the PRC, she served as the Vice President of the Tibetan Women's Federation. She was married to Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme. The couple has 12 children.
Tibetan politicians
Political office-holders in Tibet
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Tibet
People from Lhasa
People's Republic of China politicians from Tibet
Burials at Babaoshan Revolutionary Cemetery
Tibetan women
All-China Women's Federation people
1915 births
2012 deaths
Brian Olinger (born June 2, 1983) is a professional runner. He was sponsored by Reebok and specialized in the 3000 meter steeplechase with a personal record of 8:19.56. He competed in the trials for the U.S. team in the 2007 World Championship.
Early life
Brian Olinger was born on June 2, 1983 in Fresno, Ohio where he was raised. He attended Ridgewood High School (West Lafayette, Ohio) in West Lafayette, Ohio. He is a state champion in the division 3 cross-country 5K with a PR of 15:30 and a state champion in the 3200 in track with a PR of 9:26. He has a 1600 PR of 4:21.
College
Brian Olinger walked onto the Ohio State cross-country team his freshman year. His sophomore year he received a full scholarship. The highlights of his College Career include being the 2004 Big Ten 5k champion. He currently holds records at Ohio State University. He graduated with a degree in Human Ecology and Early Childhood Development. His coach at OSU was two time Olympic Steeplechaser Robert Gary.
Professional career
He moved to Columbus, Ohio and in 2008 he made it to Olympic Trials final in 2008 but missed making the Olympic team by two places. He currently holds a PR in the mile of 4:00 and a 5k PR of 13:31. He is currently sponsored by Reebok and is still coached by Robert Gary. He has a brother, Christopher Olinger who recently ran track and Cross Country for OSU.
Brian Olinger placed 6th at the USATF 2011 12k Men's cross-country, earning him a spot on the 2011 USATF cross-country team to compete at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships.
Personal records
Personal Bests-Indoor
One mile-4:00.62 Bloomington, Indiana 29/01/2010
3,000-7:51.13 Boston, MA 7/02/2009
5,000-13:45 Seattle, Washington 02/2006
Personal Bests- Outdoor
3,000 Steeplechas-8:19.29 Heusden-Zolder 28/07/2007
3,000-7:55.26 Carson, CA 20/05/2007
5,000-13:31.21 Walnut, CA 18/04/2008
10,000-28:07 Walnut, CA 05/2011
Competition record
2000 Ohio State Division III State Cross Country Champ
2001 Ohio State Division III State Champion in the 3200
2004 Big Ten Outdoor 5,000 Meter Champ
2005 4th-place finish at the USA Outdoor Championships
2008 6th-place finish at the USA Olympic Trials
2011 6th-place finish at the United States cross-Country trials earning him a spot on the U.S. team to the world cross country
championships in Spain, where he finished 76th.
References
http://www.ohiostatebuckeyes.com/ViewArticle.dbml?SPSID=87770&SPID=10412&ATCLID=205093345&DB_OEM_ID=17300
External links
Brian Olinger at USATF
Direct athletics bio
Ohio State articles: ,
Living people
1983 births
American male steeplechase runners
Ohio State University alumni
People from Coshocton County, Ohio
Sportspeople from Ohio
Trichilogaster signiventris, commonly known as the golden wattle bud-galling wasp, is a species of Australian chalcid wasps that parasitises, among others, Acacia pycnantha (golden wattle). It has been introduced into South Africa, where the golden wattle has become an invasive pest.
American entomologist Alexandre Arsène Girault described the species as Perilampella signiventris in 1931.
The female is yellow and black in colour, though highly variable in colour proportion and pattern. It is long. The male is of similar size and almost entirely black with black and yellow legs.
The success of the related species Trichilogaster acaciaelongifoliae in managing Acacia longifolia led scientists to look for another species to control A. pycnantha. T. signiventris was introduced twice and at first thought a failure. Wasps from Lake Natimuk in Victoria were transported and released in Western Cape in 1987 and as no galls were seen the first summer, a second transfer — this time from Mount Compass, South Australia — was made in 1992 as scientists suspected the first cohort might have been incompatible with populations of golden wattle in Africa.
The host species are golden wattle (Acacia pycnantha) and Acacia rivalis. The eggs are laid by short-lived adult wasps into buds of flower heads in the summer, before hatching in May and June when the larvae induce the formation of the grape-like galls and prevent flower development. The galls can be so heavy that branches break under their weight. It has reduced the capacity of trees to reproduce throughout their range. It is possible that the galls also reduce the resilience of the host plants by absorbing nutrients and hence starving them. The galls are up to in diameter and contain several grubs.
References
Pteromalidae
Insects used for control of invasive plants
Biological pest control wasps
Duan Yongping (; born 1961) is a Chinese billionaire entrepreneur and electrical engineer. He is the founder of both the Subor Electronics Industry Corporation (also the former CEO) and BBK Electronics Group (also the current Chairman). Duan's net worth was estimated at $1.5 billion, according to the 2018 Hurun China Rich List.
Early life and education
Born on 10 March 1961 in Nanchang, Jiangxi, China, Duan entered Zhejiang University in 1978, majoring in wireless electronics engineering. After graduation, he became a teacher at the adult education center of the Beijing Radio Tube Factory (now BOE Technology). Later, he studied at Renmin University, where he majored in econometrics. He also studied in CEIBS as an EMBA student for two years.
Career
In 1989, he joined a company in Zhongshan and became the CEO later. Within less than 6 years, he created a business empire with the brand Subor (Xiao Ba Wang, ). In 1995, he left Subor and founded BBK Electronics.
Duan was one of the founders and former CEO (1989-1995 in office) of Subor Electronics Industry Corporation. At the beginning, the company only had 20 workers including himself. They only had 3000 RMB cash but owed 2 million RMB debts. But after Duan's struggle, it quickly became top producer of the "learning computer" (). It also produced video-game facilities, which made a profit of more than 200 million RMB during 1994–1995.
Founding of BBK
On 28 August 1995, Duan resigned from Subor, and founded BBK Electronics Industrial Group in Dongguan, Guangdong Province. Its main product was DVD players. It is a well-known brand in cell phone, telephone and stereo devices.
From 2002 to 2004, he was the second largest individual shareholder (with more than 10% at peak) of NetEase after William Ding Lei.
Other activities
Together with William Ding Lei, Duan donated to Zhejiang University in September 2006. This is the biggest endowment in recent years for higher education in mainland China.
In 2007, Duan spent US$620,100 to have lunch with Warren Buffett ("Power Lunch with Warren Buffett"), the money was donated to the Glide Foundation. Due to his success in the stock market, and philanthropic activities, he has been called the "Chinese Buffett".
References
1961 births
Living people
Chinese billionaires
Businesspeople from Jiangxi
Zhejiang University alumni
Renmin University of China alumni
People from Nanchang
Businesspeople in electronics
OnePlus people
Chinese technology company founders
USS LST-340 - later known as USS Spark (IX-196) - was a that served with the U.S. Navy during World War II. LST-340 served in the Pacific theatre and, despite suffering severe damage from the enemy, was awarded three battle stars for her action in dangerous areas. She was declared too damaged to return to the United States, so she was then reassigned as a barracks ship at Saipan.
Laid down in Virginia
The third ship to be so named by the Navy, Spark was laid down as LST-340 on 17 July 1942 by the Norfolk Navy Yard, Portsmouth, Virginia; launched on 8 November 1942; and commissioned on 26 December 1942.
World War II service
Assigned to the Pacific theatre
LST-340 held her shakedown cruise in the Chesapeake Bay from 9 January to 3 February 1943 when she returned for a short yard period. She sailed to New York City on the 16th and departed there on 9 March in a convoy which called at Guantanamo Bay on the 16th and sailed the next day for the Panama Canal Zone. She arrived at Coco Solo on 21 March and transited the Panama Canal on the 28th. The LST remained at Balboa until 2 April when she got under way with 11 other LST's, comprising LST Flotilla 5, for the Society Islands. The flotilla arrived at Bora Bora on 24 April and headed for New Caledonia the following week.
Solomon Islands operations
LST-340 arrived at Noumea on 11 May and remained there until early June. She loaded army troops and sortied on 6 June with Task Group 32.3 for the Solomon Islands. The ship was off Kokum Beach, Guadalcanal, from 9 to 16 June.
Severely damaged by aircraft
At approximately 1350 hours on the 16th, she was attacked by nine Japanese dive bombers. Three of the planes attacked the ship immediately, dropping nine bombs in sticks of three. One plane that attacked from the port side registered two near misses with 300-pound bombs that landed about 50 feet off her starboard side and one direct hit on her main deck. Another attacked from the port bow, strafing the bow guns as it bored in and leaving over 100 holes in her port side.
The bomb explosion killed one gun crew member and nine Army passengers, wounded four sailors, and wreaked havoc with the ship itself. All communication and electrical systems were knocked out; much of the main deck was completely wrecked; the officer's quarters were gutted by fire; the galley was damaged beyond repair; there was burning fuel in the engine room; and there was no water with which to fight the fires. All troop passengers and all of the ship's complement, other than gun crews and repair parties, abandoned ship.
The LST was beached at Tenaru Beach, and the fires were brought under control four hours later with aid from . LST-340 was towed to Espiritu Santo for what repairs could be made. On 25 October, she sailed for California and a complete yard overhaul. The ship arrived at San Francisco, California, on 24 November 1943 and remained in the yard until April 1944.
Mariana Islands operations
Seaworthy again, LST-340 stood out of San Francisco on 25 April 1944 bound for Hawaii. She arrived at Maalaea Bay on 4 May and was assigned to the Northern Attack Force, Task Force 52, for the assault on the Mariana Islands.
The tank landing ship was moored at West Loch, Pearl Harbor, on 21 May, in the midst of other LST's that were loading ammunition for the invasion. At approximately 1505 hours, two LST's ( and ), moored immediately ahead of LST-340, blew up. The 340 was underway and backing down within five minutes and, as she had lines to ships on either side, pulled them to safety as destruction spread among the closely moored ships. When the explosions ceased and the fires were extinguished, six LST's and three LCT's had been sunk with heavy casualties. Over 160 men had been killed, and almost 400 had been wounded.
Tinian operations
LST-340 was off Tinian during the assault on that island. On 21 June, she was unloading trucks and embarking wounded at White Beach #2. Heavy rains and high winds whipped the water, and the sea rolled in extremely heavy swells. When the ship attempted to retract from the beach, she was caught by the wind and swells and broached, suffering heavy damage.
There was a leak around the starboard shaft, which was five inches out of line; the auxiliary engine room was leaking and had two feet of water in it; the main engine room was flooded beyond control; six other compartments were ruptured; some compartments were holed through the bottom; the midships fresh water tanks were punctured; and the auxiliary engine room had a four-foot coral head protruding up through the bottom about 10 inches.
Conversion to barracks ship
The LST was refloated on 13 August and towed to Tanapag Harbor, Saipan. On 15 August, the ship was inspected and found to be damaged beyond repair. Plans were made to convert her into a barracks ship at Tanapag.
LST-340 was reclassified as IX-196 and named Spark on 20 October 1944.
Post-war decommissioning
Spark was decommissioned on 24 October 1944 and struck from the Navy list on 1 September 1945.
Awards
Spark received three battle stars for World War II service for her services in the Solomon Islands, Mariana Islands, and at Tinian.
See also
United States Navy
World War II
References
NavSource Online: LST-340 / IX-196 Spark
Ships built in Portsmouth, Virginia
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
1942 ships
LST-1-class tank landing ships of the United States Navy
Andrew Ellison (1812ca. 1860) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1853 to 1855.
Biography
Born in West Union, Ohio, Ellison attended the public schools. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in Adams County, Ohio, in August 1835 and commenced practice in Georgetown, Ohio, the same year.
Ellison was elected prosecuting attorney of Brown County and served from 1840 to 1843. He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1846.
Ellison was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-third Congress (March 4, 1853 – March 3, 1855). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1854 to the Thirty-fourth Congress. He resumed the practice of law. He died about 1860.
Sources
1812 births
1860s deaths
People from West Union, Ohio
People from Georgetown, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
County district attorneys in Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Bartholomäus Gesius (also: Göß, Gese, – 1613) was a German theologian, church musician, composer and hymn writer. He worked at Schloss Muskau and in Frankfurt (Oder) and is known for choral Passions in German and Latin and for the melody and first setting of the Easter hymn "Heut triumphieret Gottes Sohn", which was used in several compositions including a cantata by Dieterich Buxtehude and a chorale prelude by Johann Sebastian Bach (BWV 630), concluding the Easter section of his Orgelbüchlein.
Life
Born in Müncheberg, Gesius studied theology between 1578 and 1585 at the Alma Mater Viadrina in Frankfurt (Oder). He worked from 1582 as Kantor (church musician) in Müncheberg and from 1587 as teacher and musician at Schloss Muskau (now a World Heritage Site). In 1588, he began to compose a Passion after the Gospel of John in German, a St John Passion for five-part chorus. In spring of 1593, Gesius became Kantor at the Marienkirche, Frankfurt (Oder) and at the same time teacher at the Ratsschule, today the Karl-Liebknecht-Gymnasium. In 1613, he composed a six-part St Matthew Passion in Latin. He died the same year in Frankfurt (Oder) from the plague.
"Heut triumphieret Gottes Sohn"
Gesius wrote the melody and first five-part setting for the Easter hymn "Heut triumphieret Gottes Sohn" ("This Day in Triumph God the Son") on a text attributed to Kaspar Stolzhagen. The text of originally sixteen stanzas of six lines each repeats "Halleluja, Halleluja" as every third and sixth line. The melody is in 6/4 time and rises on every first mentioning of Halleluja. It was published in his Geistliche deutsche Lieder (Spiritual German songs) in 1601. It appeared in seventeen hymnals. In the current German Protestant hymnal Evangelisches Gesangbuch, it is number 109.
Instrumental and vocal compositions have been based on the hymn, including a cantata by Dieterich Buxtehude, BuxWV 43, which sets the text of the first stanza, and a chorale prelude by Johann Sebastian Bach (BWV 630), concluding the Easter section of his Orgelbüchlein.
Selected works
Geistliche Deutsche Lieder. D. Mart. Lutheri: Und anderer frommen Christen: Welche durchs gantze Jahr in der Christlichen Kirchen zusingen gebreuchlich/ mit vier und fünff Stimmen … Frankfurt an der Oder: Hartman, 1601
Enchiridium etlicher deutscher und lateinischer Gesänge. Frankfurt an der Oder: Hartman, 1603
Hymni Patrum Cum Canticis Sacris, Latinis Et Germanicis, De Praecipuis Festis Anniversariis: Quibus Additi Suntet Hymni Scholastici Ad Duodecim Modos Musicos in utroq[ue] cantu, Regulari scilicet ac Transposito, singulis horis per totam septimanam decantandi, cum cantionibus Gregorianis … Frankfurt an der Oder: Hartman, 1609
Literature
Paul Blumenthal: Der Kantor Bartholomäus Gesius zu Frankfurt-Oder Frankfurt/Oder: Vogel & Neuber 1926 (Frankfurt und die Ostmark; vol. 1)
Siegfried Gissel: Untersuchungen zur mehrstimmigen protestantischen Hymnenkomposition in Deutschland um 1600. Kassel; Basel; London: Bärenreiter (University of Marburg dissertation) 1980
Friedrich Wilhelm Schönherr: Bartholomaeus Gesius (Munchbergensis ca. 1560–1613): Ein Beitrag zur Musikgeschichte der Stadt Frankfurt a/O. im 16. Jahrhundert. Leipzig, Phil. Diss., 1920
References
External links
16th-century German composers
17th-century German composers
Renaissance composers
German Protestant hymnwriters
1560s births
1613 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Luteoforol is a chemical compound belonging to the flavan-4-ol class of flavonoids.
Luteoforol is induced in pome fruits by prohexadione-calcium.
References
Flavan-4-ols
Catechols
Resorcinols
Events from the year 1648 in Denmark.
Incumbents
Monarch - Christian IV (until 28 February), Frederick III
Steward of the Realm; Corfitz Ulfeldt
Events
February 28 – King Christian IV dies in his bedchamber at Rosenborg Castle where he has been moved from Frederiksborg Castle upon his own order.
November 23 – Coronation of King Frederick III.
November 24 – Coronation of Queen Sophie Amalie. By that time, the triumphal arch has already been dismantled, giving rise to various speculations and rumors, particularly relating to Corfitz Ulfeldt and his party.
Undated
Ove Gjedde resigns as Admiral () and settles as a feudal magnate () at Helsingborg Castle.
Physician and botanist Simon Paulli publishes the first , not to be mistaken with the later, more famous work of the same name from the 18th century. Published in Latin but translated into Danish by a student, it strongly discourages the growing use of tobacco and tea.
Nicholas Mercator is employed by University of Copenhagen.
Births
Poul Christian Schindler, composer (died 1740)
Deaths
February 28 – Christian IV, king of Denmark (born 1577)
Vibeke Kruse, royal mistress
References
Denmark
Years of the 17th century in Denmark
Hacienda Buena Unión in the municipality of San Germán, Puerto Rico was built in 1870. It is also known as Trapiche del Guamá or Hacienda Acosta.
The hacienda was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in San Germán, Puerto Rico
Notes
References
National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico
Buildings and structures in San Germán, Puerto Rico
Staplehurst railway station is on the South Eastern Main Line in England, serving the village of Staplehurst, Kent. It is down the line from London Charing Cross . The station and all trains that serve the station are operated by Southeastern.
The station opened in August 1842. It is well known for the Staplehurst rail crash on 9 June 1865 on which Charles Dickens was a passenger.
History
The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway on 31 August 1842, when the line was extended from to . The platforms were widened in 1889. A footbridge over the platforms was installed in 1961, in preparation for the electrification of the South Eastern Main Line.
A coal depot was established at Staplehurst in September 1965. All goods facilities were withdrawn on 4 October 1971.
Facilities
Staplehurst is located in the north of the urban area on the A229 road which runs from Chatham to Hastings via Maidstone. The ticket office is located on the London-bound platform 1. A passenger-operated self-service ticket machine is located next to the station.
The station is used by commuters to London from Cranbrook, Sissinghurst and Hawkhurst, which have no stations of their own. Arriva Southern Counties bus 5 links these three settlements to the station.
Services
All services at Staplehurst are operated by Southeastern using EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
2 tph to London Charing Cross via
2 tph to of which 1 continues to
During the weekday peak hours, there are also services to and from London Cannon Street, and .
Incidents
The stretch of line near the station which crosses the River Beult was the site of a fatal train accident on 9 June 1865, which killed ten people and injured forty. This accident is well known in literary circles as Charles Dickens was on the stricken train and survived. The accident left Dickens very anxious about rail travel.
On 21 January 1960, the up platform buildings were destroyed by fire. They were replaced by a modern construction.
On 14 September 1996, a train derailed at the station. The cause of the accident was excess speed.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Signal box diagrams for 1950 and 1962
Staplehurst station on navigable 1940 OS map
Borough of Maidstone
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1842
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Johnny Bo Andersen (born 22 November 1963) is a Danish lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1992 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1963 births
Living people
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Mutu Banda Bambarapane was a Ceylonese politician.
At the 2nd parliamentary election, held between 24 May 1952 and 30 May 1952, Bambarapane ran as an Independent candidate in the Welimada electorate. He won the seat, polling 6,314 votes (41% of the total vote) defeating candidates from the United National Party, Sri Lanka Freedom Party and Lanka Sama Samaja Party. He was unable to retain the seat at the subsequent 3rd parliamentary election, held between 5 April 1956 and 10 April 1956, where he ran as the United National Party candidate but was defeated by K. M. P. Rajaratne, 12,336 votes to 4,318 votes.
Bambarapane contested the 4th parliamentary election, held on 19 March 1960, however as the United National Party candidate in the newly created Uva Paranagama electorate. He was unsuccessful, losing to Kusuma Rajaratne, the wife of K. M. P. Rajaratne, with Bambarapane receiving 2,695 votes to Rajaratne's 4, 662 votes. Whilst he did not contest the July 1960 parliamentary elections he did run in the 6th parliamentary election, held on 22 March 1965, but this time as an Independent, losing to the sitting member, Kusuma Rajaratne, by 1,951 votes.
References
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
Independent politicians in Sri Lanka
Members of the 2nd Parliament of Ceylon
Sinhalese politicians
United National Party politicians
The 1990 Barking and Dagenham Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Barking and Dagenham London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed overwhelmingly in overall control of the council.
Background
102 candidates nominated in total. Labour again ran a full slate and was the only party to do so. By contrast the Conservative Party ran only 33 candidates whilst the Liberal Democrats and the Liberal Democratic Focus Team ran a combined 17.
Election result
Labour continued to win a large majority of seats - 44 out of 48. The Residents Association held their 3 seats. The Liberal Democratic Focus Team won 1 seat.
Ward results
Abbey
Alibon
Cambell
Chadwell Heath
Eastbrook
Eastbury
Fanshawe
Gascoigne
Goresbrook
Heath
Longbridge
Manor
Marks Gate
Parsloes
River
Thames
Triptons
Valence
Village
By-elections between 1990 and 1994
Alibon
The by-election was called following the resignation of Cllr. Trevor A. Watson.
Chadwell Heath
The by-election was called following the death of Cllr. Raymond Gowland.
References
1990
Barking and Dagenham
Johanne Marie Malleville (1750-1817), was a favorite of queen Caroline Matilda of Denmark.
Life
She was born to captain Emanuel Meyer and Johanne Mohlholm, and married captain Thomas de Malleville in 1763. After the queen had entered into a love affair with Struensee in 1770, a reform was introduced to allow non-nobles invitations to the royal table, were etiquette was relaxed, and members of the rich burgher class were commonly invited to dine with the royal family. Officially introduced as a reform through which the monarch was given opportunity to meet his subjects, the real reason was thought to be a wish to Struensee to introduce the queen to people outside of the nobility, among whom she could meet friends likely to be more favorable to his reforms.
Johanne Marie Malleville belongs to those non-noble women invited who actually did become a personal friend and favorite of the queen. After having been introduced at one such informal dinner, Malleville was from that time forward often seen in the company of the queen at the card table and other events at court. In conservative circles, the presence of Malleville at court and among the friends of the queen was seen as shocking. The queen was already regarded to be exposed to bad influence from her circle of friends of Elisabet von Eyben, Anna Sofie Bülow, Christine Sophie von Gähler and Amalie Sofie Holstein, and the fact that the queen was allowed to mix with women not belonging to the nobility was seen as further scandalous, in particular as Malleville behaved at court as a noblewoman, losing considerable amounts of money at the card table and taking the lover of Anna Sofie Bülow, the courtier and noble Frederik Karl von Warnstedt, as a lover.
At the fall of Struensee in January 1772, her spouse, in his capacity of a member of the military, actually belonged to those arresting Struensee. For this, he was awarded with a post in the colony of Saint Thomas in the Caribbean. Johanne Marie Malleville did not follow him there but remained in Copenhagen. In 1780, she divorced her spouse because of infidelity on his part and the following year she married count Verner Schulenburg.
References
August Fjelstrup: Damerne ved Karoline Mathildes Hof, 1909.
1750 births
1817 deaths
18th-century Danish people
Coxton is an unincorporated community in Indian Creek Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
Coxton had its start by the building of the railroad through that territory. A post office was established at Coxton in 1890, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1903.
Geography
Coxton is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Sandra Michaels (born 1944) is an English actress.
Career
Her first television role was in March 1957, playing Phyllis in the second BBC adaptation of The Railway Children. Later that year she appeared as Pamela Gwendolyn Stuart in The Adventures of Clint and Mac, a British-made serial commissioned by Walt Disney Studios for The Mickey Mouse Club. Also in 1957 she played Caroline, a modern teenager who got up to mischief in the ITV sitcom The Thompsons.
She appeared in a variety of programmes, ranging from the 1959 adaptation of Great Expectations and Dixon of Dock Green (also 1959), to The Ronnie Barker Playhouse (1968) and Gaslight Theatre (1968).
Stage work varied from plays to pantomimes and light musicals; she appeared in Little Old King Cole with Charlie Drake at the London Palladium in 1961, Puss in Boots at the Coventry Theatre with Sid James and Frankie Howerd in 1962–63, and Mandrake at the Criterion Theatre with Roy Kinnear in 1970.
In the 1980s Michaels appeared in a number of documentaries and short films, including the 1987 BAFTA nominated Mohammed's Daughter, directed by Suri Krishnamma.
Blue Peter
In April 1964 Michaels presented two editions of Blue Peter, as a stand-in for Valerie Singleton who was away on vacation, which technically makes her the shortest-serving presenter in the programme's history. Her appearance on Monday 20 April 1964 was evidently planned: her name appears below that of fellow-presenter Christopher Trace in the Radio Times listing for that day. The Merseybeats were guests on that particular programme, which was available to view as part of the TV Heaven collection, now part of the BFI Mediatheque, at the National Science and Media Museum in Bradford. Michaels impressed director Edward Barnes enough that he briefly considered bringing her into the show full-time and replacing Singleton, but Michaels had no interest in the job. Barnes later admitted that, with hindsight and the success Singleton made of her Blue Peter career, he was relieved at this decision.
References
External links
Whirligig - 1950s British Television Nostalgia
The Original Mickey Mouse Club Show
National Science and Media Museum - 50 Years of Blue Peter exhibition
The Internet Movie Database
The British Film Institute
Blue Peter presenters
English stage actresses
English television actresses
1944 births
Living people
Duck walk may refer to:
Duckwalk, an eccentric form of walking while squatting low
Strongman event
See also
Duck Walk Killer, a spree killer in Chicago, Illinois, United States
Duckboard, a type of boardwalk
Contagious is a science fiction thriller novel by Scott Sigler. It is the sequel to Sigler's Infected, and like its predecessor was released in both podcast and print versions.
Plot summary
Perry Dawsey and Margaret Montoya attempt to stop an alien infestation of "hatchlings". Dawsey, former Michigan linebacker, has survived the events in Infected, but remains telepathically linked to the aliens. His insight into the aliens' behavior helps the government hunt them down. Dawsey is forced to participate.
Reception
Critical reception for Contagious was mostly positive, with author J. C. Hutchins writing that the book "stayed on target, accelerated, and exceeded my expectations". TOR.com also praised the book, stating that it was "gripping, horrifying, and manages to tie several separate plot threads together effortlessly" while criticizing the portrayal of some of the characters. Bookreporter and Monsters and Critics both positively reviewed the book, with Bookreporter calling it a "don't miss."
References
2008 science fiction novels
American biopunk novels
American thriller novels
2008 American novels
Novels by Scott Sigler
Muncha-Yelga () is a rural locality (a village) in Starokuruchevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 30 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Muncha-Yelga is located 37 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novochikeyevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Rabah Labiod (born 26 March 1948 in Constantine) is a former Algerian boxer. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympic Games in the welterweight event, during which he lost in the first round.
1968 Olympic results
Below is the record of Rabah Labiod, an Algerian welterweight boxer who competed at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics:
Round of 64: lost to Julius Luipa (Zambia) by decision, 1-4
References
Algerian male boxers
Boxers at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Algeria
1948 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Constantine, Algeria
Welterweight boxers
21st-century Algerian people
Fuck is an English term for the act of sexual intercourse, also used as an intensifier or interjection, and generally considered vulgar.
Fuck or fucks may also refer to:
People
Johann Fück (1894–1974), German orientalist
Karl Wilhelm Gottlieb Leopold Fuckel, botanist, sometimes abbreviated Fuck., to refer to him when citing a botanical name
Argel Fucks (born 1974), Brazilian footballer
Ralf Fücks (born 1951), German politician
Reinhardt Adolfo Fuck, Brazilian geologist
Art, entertainment, and media
Film
Fuck, aka Blue Movie, a 1969 film by Andy Warhol, beginning Golden Age of Porn
Fuck (film), a 2005 documentary about the word
"One fuck rule", an allegation that MPAA films rated PG-13 are only allowed one use of the word "fuck".
Literature
Fuck: Word Taboo and Protecting Our First Amendment Liberties (2009), a non-fiction book by Christopher M. Fairman that followed up an eponymous 2007 article published in the Cardozo Law Review
Fuck (1991–1993 serial), by Chester Brown compiled as the graphic novel I Never Liked You (1994)
Music
Groups
Fuck (band), an American indie rock band formed in 1994
Albums
Fuck (album), an album by the band Fuck
Fuck (EP), by Buckcherry
For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge (F.U.C.K.), an album by Van Halen
Songs
"Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo" ("F.U.C.K"), a song by the Bloodhound Gang
"Fuck", a song by Bring Me the Horizon from their album There Is a Hell Believe Me I've Seen It. There Is a Heaven Let's Keep It a Secret
Science
fucK, the gene name for the gene that encodes the enzyme L-Fuculose kinase
See also
Fuck It (disambiguation)
Fuck me (disambiguation)
Fuck the Police (disambiguation)
Fuck the World (disambiguation)
Fuck You (disambiguation)
Fucking (disambiguation)
Holy fuck (disambiguation)
WTF (disambiguation)
FCUK, an alternative international name for French Connection clothing line's UK operation
Fock, a surname (including a list of people with the name)
Focker (disambiguation)
Fook (disambiguation)
Fuca (disambiguation)
Fuchs (disambiguation)
P.H.U.Q., album by the Wildhearts
"Why I'm Here" is a song by the American hard rock band Oleander. It was the lead single from their major label debut album, February Son. The track was previously included on Oleander's eponymous EP in 1996 and their independent LP, Shrinking the Blob, in 1997. Despite comparisons to Nirvana's "Heart-Shaped Box," or perhaps because of them, "Why I'm Here" would become Oleander's best known song, charting higher than any of their other singles.
The melancholy power ballad features various hallmarks of post-grunge. A simple, clean guitar pattern strikingly similar to "Heart-Shaped Box" begins the song; the first three notes, as well as the overall chord progression, of both songs are indeed identical and largely responsible for its criticism. An additional guitar melody and drums enter shortly after with lonesome singing. The pre-chorus introduces a bittersweet violin and eventually enters an aggressive, heavy chorus. Lyrically, "Why I'm Here" describes people's vague resentment toward the narrator as well his/her indifference toward a significant other, singing "I can't love you any more/I'm scared of the sound of it."
The promotional CD single of "Why I'm Here" includes both the album version and a "No Strings Attached" version which omits the violin.
The song was featured in the Dawson's Creek second season finale, "Parental Discretion Advised."
Reception
Allmusic's Heather Phares named "Why I'm Here" one of three AMG Album Picks in her review of February Son. She regarded it as among the band's "finest post-grunge-isms." However, Noel Murray of The A.V. Club viewed the song more negatively, regarded Oleander as "[arriving] too late for grunge and too early for emo." He elaborated that "the band gamely struggles to justify its existence to major-label masters who can hear something marketable, but can't figure out who'd want to buy it."
Track listing
Charts
End of year charts
References
1999 singles
Oleander (band) songs
Rock ballads
1990s ballads
1996 songs
Universal Records singles
Kingston is a town in Ulster County, New York, United States. The Town of Kingston is in the northeastern part of Ulster County, north of the City of Kingston. Kingston is inside the Catskill Park. The population was 889 at the 2010 census.
History
The original Town of Kingston was settled circa 1611, primarily as a military post, but that part of the town is now the City of Kingston. The town was formed by a patent granted in 1667 and its status as a town was reaffirmed in 1702. The current town does not border the city of Kingston.
In 1811, part of the Town of Kingston was used to form the Towns of Esopus and Saugerties. Additional parts of Kingston were used to set apart the City of Kingston in 1827 and the Town of Woodstock in 1879.
The quarrying industry brought many immigrant laborers to the town, and these new arrivals established themselves in the few communities within this town.
Sawkill
The community takes its name from the sawmills plus “kill”, the Dutch word for creek.
On January 1, 1765, William Legg bought around 100 acres of land lying on both sides of the Saw Kill. This was one of the first purchases to be made in the present town of Kingston. Legg built a sawmill and a house. The Legg family lived there for 88 years. It was reported that they ground wheat in the mill for the Continental Army. Saw mill and grist mill construction were commonplace along the Saw Kill River by the end of the 18th century. Milling died down by the end of the 19th because of decreased profitability.
The next owner was James Gaddis. He continued the milling operations and denied requests of people to use the land for quarrying. However, in the 1880s a fire destroyed both the house and the mill. Gaddis, needing money to rebuild, gave permission for quarrying bluestone on the Saw Mill creek ledge. The extensive quarrying moved the falls that were located by the mill back 300 feet.
Howe's Mill was another mill located on the Saw Kill. It was powered by a dam at Little Falls. The mill was used to make gunpowder and there were frequently explosions. The mill stayed mostly intact, however, and continued operating until the 1860s when it was hit by lightning.
Bluestone quarrying in the area increased in 1828 when the Delaware and Hudson Canal was being built. Bluestone was used to pave sidewalks in New York City, Albany, and Kingston and was shipped all over the world. Entrepreneurs bought up the rocky ground and brought unskilled immigrants, mostly Irish, upriver from Manhattan. Sawkill became a "quarry-town" with company-owned housing.
In the 1900s railroads helped spur tourism in the region. During the summers, many farmers would take in boarders from the city. The scenic beauty and trout fishing in the Saw Kill and other similar creeks is part of what attracted people to the area.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 7.8 square miles (20.2 km2), of which 7.8 square miles (20.1 km2) is land and 0.1 square mile (0.1 km2) (0.64%) is water.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 908 people, 356 households, and 249 families residing in the town. The population density was 117.1 people per square mile (45.2/km2). There were 398 housing units at an average density of 51.3 per square mile (19.8/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 95.59% White, 1.76% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.44% Asian, 0.11% from other races, and 1.87% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.65% of the population.
There were 356 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.1 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $42,500, and the median income for a family was $48,182. Males had a median income of $32,391 versus $25,956 for females. The per capita income for the town was $18,472. About 6.2% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.9% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 889. The racial makeup was 93.0% White, 3.9% African American, 0.3% Native American and 1.2% Asian. Hispanic of Latino people of any race were 3.1%.
Communities and locations in the Town of Kingston
Halihan Hill – A hamlet north of Sawkill.
Jockey Hill – A hamlet west of Sawkill.
Saw Kill a stream passing through the center of the town and tributary of the Esopus River.
Sawkill – A hamlet near the center of the town on Route 30 and Saw Kill.
Stony Hollow – formerly a hamlet on Route 28.
Sweet Meadows – A hamlet near the western town line, on the south side of Saw Kill.
References
External links
Town of Kingston, NY
Towns in Ulster County, New York
1667 establishments in the Province of New York
Forever Jones (usually stylized as forever JONES) is a Christian gospel group formed by husband and wife Dewitt and Kim Jones and their five children.
Band history
Husband and wife Dewitt and Kim Jones grew up in Washington and came from musical backgrounds in their families. They had been writing songs since the 90s. Dewitt enjoyed some success as a songwriter when singer Ron Kenoly recorded Dewitt's song "Use Me" for the 1994 album God Is Able. The song has since become a staple in many churches and has been covered several times, most notably by the Grammy-winning Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir.
Dewitt says that God gave him a "specific call" one time to start the group. Forever Jones was then formed with their five children: D'Jeniele, Dewitt, Judah, Dominique, and Mya Joy Grace. The Jones family's manager and friend was singer/producer Jeoffrey Benward. He then introduced them to writer/producer Tommy Sims, who agreed to produce their debut album. The album Get Ready was released on 2010 receiving favorable critics.
In 2011, the band received three Dove Award nominations for New Artist of the Year, Contemporary Gospel Album of the Year, and Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year at the 42nd GMA Dove Awards. They were also nominated for two Grammy Awards at the 53rd Grammy Awards: Best Contemporary R&B Gospel Album and Best Gospel Performance.
Dewitt and Kim Jones pastor together over King's Chapel Dallas, an extension of King's Cathedral and Chapels based in Kahului, Hawaii.
Judah Jones was a wide receiver and running back for Bill Snyder's Kansas State Wildcats, and listed as a redshirt freshman in 2014. In his first game on August 30, 2014, he recorded 2 rushes for 24 yards and one punt return for 26 yards.
Band members
Dewitt Jones III
Kim Jones
D'Jeniele' Hooten
Dewitt Jones IV
Judah Jones
Dominique Jones
Mya Joy Grace Jones
Discography
Get Ready (2010)
Musical Revival (2012)
Prayer Tools, Vol. 1 (2014)
Awards
GMA Dove Awards
Grammy Awards
References
External list
American Christian musical groups
Family musical groups
Yick Yuen Tsuen () is a village in Lam Tei, Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Yick Yuen Tsuen is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Yick Yuen Tsuen is part of the Tuen Mun Rural constituency, which is currently represented by Kenneth Cheung Kam-hung.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Yick Yuen Tsuen (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Lam Tei
Giovanni Bernardino Azzolini (c. 1572 – 12 December 1645) was an Italian painter and sculptor who continued painting in a late-Mannerist style, mainly active in Naples and Genoa. He is also known by Azzolino or Mazzolini or Asoleni.
Life and work
Born in the town of Cefalù in Sicily, where he likely received his initial training. He had moved to Naples by 1594. He then settled in Genoa, where he was elected to local Accademia di San Luca (painter's guild) in 1618. In Naples, he painted a Presentation at the Temple (1599) for the church of Santa Maria La Nova. He painted a Pentecost for the church of San Francesco at Caiazzo. Among his paintings in Genoa, is an Annunciation painted for the church of Monache Turchine. He painted a Martyrdom of St. Apollonia for the church of San Giuseppe. He painted a canvas of St. Francis Xavier's vision of the Virgin for the saint's chapel in the church of Gesù Nuovo in Naples. His daughter married the painter Jusepe de Ribera and his son-in-law worked together with him on some commissions.
See also
Giuseppe Avanzi - contemporary painter
References
Grove Art Encyclopedia entry.
1570s births
1645 deaths
People from Cefalù
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Painters from Naples
16th-century Italian sculptors
Italian male sculptors
17th-century Italian sculptors
Italian Baroque painters
Painters from Genoa
Artists from the Province of Palermo
Mistmare is a 2003 action role-playing game from Arxel Tribe set in an alternate medieval Europe. It follows the adventures of a member of the Inquisition who is trying to stop the spread of a deadly magical fog that haunts the land. The game is known for its various bugs and high difficulty. It was one of only three games to receive a zero-star review in the Computer Gaming World magazine, along with Postal 2 and Dungeon Lords.
External links
Role-playing video games
Action role-playing video games
Video games developed in Slovenia
Windows games
Windows-only games
2003 video games
Strategy First games
North America-exclusive video games
Single-player video games
The 2022 Orlando Pride season is Orlando Pride's seventh season in the National Women's Soccer League, the top division of women's soccer in the United States.
Notable events
Following the departure of interim head coach Becky Burleigh at the end of the previous season, Orlando announced the appointment of Amanda Cromwell as the team's permanent head coach on December 7, 2021. Four days earlier she had stood down as head coach of UCLA Bruins women's soccer after nine seasons in charge. Cromwell also had to divest her investment stake in 2022 expansion side Angel City FC in order to take the job. Sam Greene, Cromwell's assistant at UCLA, joined her to become first assistant coach while Cromwell's former international teammate Michelle Akers was hired as an assistant and player development coach. Seb Hines was retained from the previous coaching staff.
On December 13, 2021, the United States Soccer Federation announced the end of the allocation system ahead of the 2022 season. At the time Orlando had already traded away Ali Krieger and Ashlyn Harris, and had a deal made in principle to trade away Alex Morgan meaning Canadian goalkeeper Erin McLeod was the only federated player under contract with the Pride.
On December 16, 2021, with the addition of Angel City FC and San Diego Wave FC ahead of the 2022 NWSL season, the NWSL held the 2022 NWSL Expansion Draft. Angel City selected the playing rights of Claire Emslie off Orlando's unprotected list. Emslie had transferred out of the NWSL to English FA WSL team Everton in December 2020. San Diego did not select anyone from Orlando although the trade sending Alex Morgan to San Diego was officially announced immediately after the draft suggesting draft protection had already been agreed as part of the trade. The following day, Orlando traded Brittany Wilson and a third-round 2023 NWSL Draft pick to Angel City in exchange for a fourth-round 2023 NWSL Draft pick. General manager Ian Fleming's comments in the trade press release confirmed expansion draft protection for players currently on the Pride roster had been agreed as part of the deal.
On June 7, it was announced head coach Amanda Cromwell and assistant coach Sam Greene had been placed on administrative leave on the recommendation of the NWSL and NWSL Players Association joint investigation team following alleged "retaliation in violation of the NWSL Policy to Prevent and Eliminate Workplace Discrimination, Harassment, and Bullying." Seb Hines was promoted to interim head coach.
Roster
Staff
.
Match results
Friendlies
As per the league schedule, NWSL teams are permitted to begin a six-week preseason camp on February 1.
National Women's Soccer League
For the third time in league history and the first time since 2014, the NWSL regular season will be played on a balanced schedule i.e. each team will play every other team twice; once at home and once away. The top six teams will qualify for the playoffs with the top two receiving a first-round bye.
Results summary
Results by round
Results
League standings
NWSL Challenge Cup
The 2022 NWSL Challenge Cup took place between March 19 and May 7. With the format split into three groups of four teams, each team played a six-game round robin home and away series with the top team from each group progressing to the semifinals along with the highest-ranked group runner-up. Orlando were placed in the East region with Washington Spirit, North Carolina Courage and NJ/NY Gotham FC.
Standings
Squad statistics
Appearances
Starting appearances are listed first, followed by substitute appearances after the + symbol where applicable.
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Defenders
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Midfielders
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Forwards
|-
|colspan="12"|Players who appeared for the club but left during the season:
|}
Goalscorers
Shutouts
Disciplinary record
Transfers and loans
2022 NWSL Draft
Draft picks are not automatically signed to the team roster. The 2022 college draft was held on December 18, 2021. Orlando made four selections.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans out
Preseason trialists
Orlando Pride began preseason training on February 1, 2022. The squad included two non-roster invitees on trial with the team during preseason. Reiss was an undrafted out of the University of North Florida. Scarpa had spent the last season with KIF Örebro DFF in the Swedish Damallsvenskan. Ru Mucherera, who had signed in Finland with KuPS for the 2021 season, later joined Orlando in preseason having spent the first part on trial with San Diego Wave.
References
External links
2022 National Women's Soccer League season
2022
American soccer clubs 2022 season
2022 in sports in Florida
The cricket warbler, also known as cricket longtail, scaly longtail or cricket prinia, (Spiloptila clamans) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae. It belongs to the genus Spiloptila; it is often the only species included in the genus but sometimes the red-fronted prinia is placed there as well.
Description
The cricket warbler is a small, perky warbler with a long tail made up of twelve grey, black and white tipped feathers with the feathers getting longer from the outside to the centre, creating a graduated tail. It is pale buffy rufous on the upperparts, with black streaks on the crown and black tips to the primaries and upper wing coverts, a pale yellow rump, a white supercilium and whitish cream underparts. The male has a greyer cast across the nape. 9–10 cm in length.
Distribution
The cricket warbler occurs in the Sahel Zone from southern Mauritania and northern Senegal east to South Sudan and northern Eritrea. They have recently been found breeding in the Western Sahara at Oued Jenna near Assouerd.
Habitat
The cricket warbler breeds in thorn scrub, especially acacia scrub, it even extends into true desert so long as there is sufficient vegetation and into savanna with broad-leafed trees but avoids grassy plains or dense bush.
Habits
The cricket warbler is quite a sociable species and is usually seen in small parties of around half a dozen birds which move restlessly from one patch of low scrub to another. When on the ground or perched it moves its tail jerkily up and down and side to side, while making its monotonous cricket like call. It usually sings from a high perch. They feed on insects which are foraged for low down in thorn scrub or in tussocks of grass. It is a partial migrant, with the northern populations moving southwards in the dry season, returning north with the rains. Breeding has been recorded in July in Mali and Mauritania, all year in Senegal and in January to April and again in August in south Sudan.
References
cricket warbler
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
cricket warbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
cricket warbler
The European Centre for Antiziganism Research (ECAR) is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to combating Antiziganism, or prejudice against Romani people, also known as Gypsies.
ECAR gained headlines worldwide when it filed a complaint with German prosecutors against the movie Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan for defamation and inciting violence against the Romani people.
See also
Antiziganism
External links
Borat Lawsuits
Antiziganism in Europe
Romani advocacy
Romani in Europe
Uroš Đurić (; born 4 December 1964) is a Serbian conceptual artist, actor and painter based in Belgrade. He studied art history at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy and painting at the Faculty of Fine Arts in Belgrade. In 1980, he took part in Belgrade punk movement by joining Urbana Gerila as a drummer. Đurić became an active participant of the Belgrade art scene since 1989 by founding the Autonomist (anti)movement together with Stevan Markuš. In 1994 they published the “Autonomism Manifesto”. During the 1990s he often appears in feature films, works as graphic designer and as DJ at Academy night club, known as The Hole. Contributor to several documentaries and underground comics publishing. Founder of Remont gallery & art magazine. From 1992 to 2010 he collaborated with Belgrade Radio B92. In 2013–2018, he was one of the "Chasers" in Потера, the Serbian version of The Chase quiz show.
On the Conceptual Basis of the Works in Uroš Đurić's Art Practice
by Stevan Vuković
“The author and the work are only the starting points of an analysis whose horizon is a language: there cannot be a science of Dante, Shakespeare, or Racine but only a science of discourses.”
Roland Barthes
Uroš Đurić's strong presence in the popular media as a public personality, and his very charismatic appearance, constitute the major obstacles in grasping the specificity of the discourses he develops in order to intervene in the field of contemporary art and culture. What usually happens when his works, especially the ones that feature images of himself, are interpreted without insight into the grammar of visual language and into the conceptual strategies he uses, can easily be designated as a “naturalistic mistake”. It consists of equating micro-histories of his personal biography, as the biography of an empirical person who is the author of certain artworks, with the narratives that make up the visual content of those works, and with the features of the represented characters. The fact that he gets engaged with popular culture both in the fields of subcultures and of cultural industries (as an actor, radio host, underground punk musician), and in the field of critical and experimental visual art (as an author who recycles samples and schematics of popular culture in his work, which is mostly figural) gets condensed into a view of his works as functioning as “the organic representations” of those mechanisms of cultural production and of those subcultures.
“It is about the projection of personality as a mediator of ideas”, said Uroš Đurić in an interview published in 1996, explaining the role of his own image in the paintings he was producing at the time, adding that the “self-portrait makes it a historically determined model, the specific feature being that, in this case, the image of the author is activated as a part of the content by being included in the representation”. From this quote, it is quite clear that, at least on the level of intentionality, the image of the author is not used as a simple mirror-image of himself or of his identity belongings and affiliations, but as a tool for conceptual manoeuvres. Therefore, Uroš Đurić may appear as an “organic intellectual”, in the sense of visually codifying and making more coherent, presenting and making more broadly present in the public, a specific shared non-hegemonic and, both culturally and socially, underrepresented world-view “in a way that is directive and organizational, i.e. educative, i.e. intellectual”, but he does not do that as someone who enters the field of art from the outside. He does that as an artist fully belonging to it, and being formed by it, and within it. Thereby, he acts in a synthetic manner, as a link between the life worlds where minor cultures are developed, and the elitist art world, as defined in its hegemonic role. Uroš Đurić even made that clear himself in a discussion with the local art critic and art journalist Danijela Purešević, by stating the following: “I use figuration the way Duchamp used ready-made. I use figuration dually. And I am not a figurative painter. I am a pure conceptualist”.
Uroš Đurić is not a punk who paints. He performs conceptual manoeuvres by using a specific “painterly style” (or “style of representation” in his later works that are not paintings) treated as a ready-made. That enables him to resample different historical styles without actually paying tribute either to the artists who originally used them or to the actual times and contexts of use. He uses the surface of the painting, drawing, photography or a digital collage as a screen for projecting, not his own empirically and psychologically framed visions and desires, but those specific social issues that go far beyond what is screened in the public media or conventionally shown in major art shows. By using his own image in paintings, photographs, and digital collages, he produces an art of signs, an art of discourse, questioning the effects of visual images on the usual perception of identity, history and culture, and testing the implications of the use of these images for the art system and the models of perception of artworks as such. The subjectivity he demonstrates is not simply taken for granted but is already “deconstructed, taken apart, and shifted, without anchorage”. It is rooted in language and effective in the realm of the symbolic. In his work, he places his self-representations at quite a distance from the psycho-biographic realm, which would be just visualized. As Roland Barthes stated, the life of the author cannot be considered as “the origin of his fables, but a fable that runs concurrently with his work.”
Autonomism and Populism
In 1994, Uroš Đurić wrote, together with Stevan Markuš, a manifesto entitled “The Autonomism Manifesto”. It was written in February and March 1994, and published as a leaflet, to be later included in the catalogue of their joint exhibition, held in Pančevo in June 1995. “It was created to reduce to a minimum the possibility of shallow stories about our painting”, stated their text of the Manifesto, referring to the history of its own making. Going back to the experiences of the local historical avant-gardes, namely, Zenitism, whose manifesto these artists not only quoted in their own manifesto but even claimed to repeat, they looked for a way to avoid being listed among the “urban section” of “figurative painters”, following the “other line” of former Yugoslav art, who institutionalized those practices within the histories of neo-avant-gardes, of neo-constructivists, conceptual and process art movements, considered to be tendencies of “radical”, as opposed to “soft” modernism. They also did not feel quite comfortable with the concept of “monumental intimism”, which placed them amongst the authors active in the “interspace between high art and the underground”, with Đile Marković and Zoran Marinković, in the close proximity of authors such as Daniel Glid and Jasmina Kalić. Their use of images was more denaturalized than those of the artists who were reputedly stylistically close to them. Their relationship with the “underground”, on the other hand, was on the level of repetition of visual samples that were part of the imagery of empowerment, but in a context that was not the context of subcultures – they played with different rhetorical operations within the language of art, but materialized mainly as paintings of conventional format, and executed in conventional techniques, like oil on canvas. “We are classics”, they stated, in an ironic manner, while they were still students, and they said that in order to oppose classifications. They wanted histories of their own, ones that escape the constraints of theory-led production, art-historian-dominated interpretation, and exhibiting within the framework imposed by curators. They wanted to create the context in which their work is produced, viewed and exhibited. That was Autonomism.
In the late nineties, Uroš Đurić started exhibiting mainly without Stevan Markuš. He switched his preferred techniques from oil painting and charcoal drawing to electronic collages, photographs, performances and whatever else might come as the most appropriate medium for the realization of some concrete project. What he kept was a passionate attachment to self-portraits, so that his own image still played the “theoretical object” in most of the works, only the process and the final result were much more open with respect to the manner of realization that before. His major project for the end of the nineties, and the project through which he developed another referential frame for his works, was entitled The Populist Project. As the author stated himself, the main objective of the project was to show the interaction between the star system and identity. Its components were titled God Loves the Dreams of Serbian Artists, Celebrities, Hometown Boys and Pioneers. The images of the author featured in different segments of the project, presenting him as part of the most prominent football teams in Europe, in the company of various public personalities, on the cover of an imaginary magazine entitled “Hometown Boys”, and among the most prominent authors in the field of art production and interpretation from what was once geopolitically labelled as Eastern Europe, all of whom were shown as proudly wearing a red pioneer scarf, in a glorious posture taken from the iconography of socialist realism. With this project, he went against the stereotypical social and political, not so much art-historical framing of his works. While most left-wing scholars in Serbia dealt with the issue of populism as determined to serve the right wing ideology, he demonstrated that populism had no pre-articulated social implication, and that in order to enter the struggle in the public arena, one has to be able to articulate it. His manner of articulation was rooted in the antagonistic potential of all the popular interpellations, connecting his populist project with the heritage of populist anarchism, which reappeared locally on the grass roots level whenever the local population was to be turned into members of a nation, party, etc. Instead of producing representations of all the invisible parts of the society within the field of art, which is the prevailing paradigm of socially specific works, he went directly into the populist media to work on antagonizing the attitudes towards the public images of celebrities, including his own, using those media the way he used canvas.
Integral version of the text was published in: Umelec international 3/2006
External links
Umelec International
Popboks
Experimenta Folklore - FAZ
O3ONE
18m Berlin
1964 births
Living people
Artists from Belgrade
Serbian painters
Serbian male actors
University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy alumni
Porcellidiidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera
Genera:
Acutiramus Harris & Robertson, 1994
Brevifrons Harris, 1994
Cereudorsum Harris, 2014
References
Copepods
John C. Tilley (August 1854 – March 6, 1927) was an American left fielder in professional baseball. He played in Major League Baseball for the 1882 Cleveland Blues of the National League, the 1884 Toledo Blue Stockings of the American Association, and the 1884 St. Paul White Caps of the Union Association.
External links
1854 births
1927 deaths
19th-century baseball players
Major League Baseball left fielders
Cleveland Blues (NL) players
Toledo Blue Stockings players
St. Paul Saints (UA) players
Alaskas players
New York New Yorks players
New York Quicksteps players
Toledo Blue Stockings (minor league) players
St. Paul Apostles players
Baseball players from New York (state)
Nansen Island (), is a long and narrow island in the coast of the Kara Sea. Its length is and its average width about . This island is located in an area of skerries right off the western coast of the Taymyr Peninsula.
Geography
Nansen Island is one of the islands of the coastal area of the Nordenskiöld Archipelago. The narrow strait between Nansen island and the Siberian coast (Fram Strait) is about wide on average. Hovgaard Island lies about north of the northern end of Nansen Island across the Matisen Strait.
The shores of Nansen Island and some of its larger neighboring islands, such as Taymyra, Bonevi and Pilota Makhotkina, are deeply indented, with many crooked inlets. The sounds between this island and neighboring islands are also somewhat labyrinthic. Geologically all these coastal islands are a continuation of the Nordenskiöld Archipelago which lies further north. And sometimes Nansen Island is considered a part of it. Ostrov Vkhodnoy is a long islet located off Nansena's western end.
The sea surrounding Nansen Island is covered with pack ice with some polynias during the long and bitter winters and there are many ice floes even in the summer.
Nansen Island belongs to the Krasnoyarsk Krai administrative division of Russia and is part of the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve – the largest nature reserve of Russia and one of the biggest in the world.
History
In October 1900, during Baron Eduard von Toll's fateful last expedition, the winter quarters for Toll's ship Zarya were set at Nablyudeniy Island and a scientific station was built there. Nablyudeniy is a small granite island south of neighbouring Bonevi Island located in a bay that Baron Toll named Colin Archer Bay (Bukhta Kolin Archera).
During WW2 there was much military activity near Nansen Island, especially during Operation Wunderland.
In some maps Nansen Island is named simply as Nansena. This island should not be confused with another Russian island called Nansen Island, which is part of Franz Josef Land, in the Arctic Ocean. Both islands are named in the honor and memory of Arctic explorer Fridtjof Nansen.
See also
List of islands of Russia
References
External links
Military History
Islands of the Nordenskiöld Archipelago
Populated places of Arctic Russia
Islands of Krasnoyarsk Krai
Fridtjof Nansen
The Bus Contracting Model (BCM), formerly known as the Government Contracting Model, is a contracting model introduced by the Land Transport Authority in 2014 for public buses in Singapore, implemented in 2016. The BCM is based on the Transperth model in Perth, Western Australia with quality incentive elements from London Buses. Under the BCM, local and overseas bus operators bid for contracts to operate public bus services on behalf of LTA. The LTA has also adopted a new unified lush green livery and logo for all buses, and now procures and owns the bus fleet for all public bus services in Singapore.
History
First introduced in 2014, the Government of Singapore claimed that the new contracting model allows public bus services to be more responsive to changes in ridership and commuter needs and to encourage competition between bus operators, improving bus services for commuters.
With the Bus Service Operating Licenses (BSOL) of SBS Transit and SMRT Buses expiring on 31 August 2016, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) decided to revamp the country's bus operations into a competitive tendering process. Under the contracting model, bus operators bid for the right to operate services while with the LTA as central planner, setting service levels and service standards. The LTA retains ownership of bus, depot and fleet management system assets. Operators that win a tender for a bus package are paid a fixed fee to operate the services.
Under the bus industry model, the LTA claims that the commuters will benefit with lesser waiting time for buses. All bus services will run at intervals of not more than 15 minutes, and feeders will run at even shorter intervals at 6 to 8 minutes.
The LTA initially tendered out three packages. These contracts are for five years, with two years extension if performance criteria are met. The remaining nine packages were reorganised into 11 packages, and are being run by the existing operators for periods of two to 10 years, after which the bus industry completed transitioning to the bus industry model. LTA will tender out these packages after these negotiated contracts expire.
Tendered bus packages
Bulim Bus Package
In October 2014, the LTA called for tenders to operate the Bulim Bus Package comprising 26 existing bus services originating from Bukit Batok, Jurong East and Clementi bus interchanges. Since then, services 653, 657 and 944 were added into this package under SMRT Buses on 13 April 2017, 24 April 2017 and 27 August 2017 respectively. In 2020, Service 651 was also added into this package.
Aedge Holdings, Busways, Go-Ahead Group, a Jiaoyun Group / Travel GSH joint venture, Jinan Public Transportation, Keolis, RATP Dev Transdev Asia, SBS Transit, SMRT Buses, Transit Systems and Woodlands Transport lodged bids. In May 2015, the LTA awarded the contract to Transit Systems with the new Bulim Bus Depot handed over to Tower Transit Singapore on 31 July 2015. The depot is able to accommodate about 550 buses.
In September 2020, the LTA awarded the contract for the second term of this package to Tower Transit Singapore. Operations under the second term commenced on 29 May 2021, which also involves the transfer of services 653, 657 and 944 from SMRT Buses to Tower Transit Singapore.
Loyang Bus Package
In April 2015, the LTA called for tenders to operate the Loyang Bus Package comprising 24 existing bus services originating from Changi Airport Bus Terminal, Changi Village Bus Terminal, Pasir Ris Bus Interchange and Punggol Temporary Bus Interchange. Later on, services 381 and 12e were introduced. On 1 April 2018, service 68 was added into this package. On 9 September 2019, service 43e was added into this package. On 27 December 2020, service 384 was added into this package.
Busways, Go-Ahead Group, Keolis, RATP Dev Transdev Asia, SBS Transit, SMRT Buses, a Tian Tan Shipping/Kumho Buslines joint venture and Woodlands Transport lodged bids. The contract was awarded in November 2015 to Go-Ahead Singapore. The 29 bus routes are based at the new Loyang Bus Depot which was completed in June 2015 and is able to accommodate about 505 buses.
In August 2020, Go-Ahead Singapore received a two-year contract extension to continue operating the bus package until September 2023.
Seletar Bus Package
In June 2016, the LTA called for tenders to operate 24 existing bus services originating from Yishun Bus Interchange, Yio Chu Kang Bus Interchange and Ang Mo Kio Bus Interchange, with 3 new bus services (71, 668 and 851e under SBS Transit as well as 652 and 807 initially under SMRT Buses) to be introduced. The 29 routes are based at the new Seletar Bus Depot which was completed in the 3rd quarter of 2017 and is able to accommodate about 515 buses including 20 lots for electric buses. The tender was closed in 27 October 2016 (with original deadline as 6 October 2016)
Busways, Go-Ahead Singapore, a Jiaoyun Group / Travel GSH joint venture, National Express, SBS Transit, Shenzhen Bus Group, SMRT Buses, a Tian Tan Shipping/Kumho Buslines joint venture, Tower Transit Singapore and Woodlands Transport lodged bids. In April 2017, the LTA awarded incumbent operator SBS Transit the package.
In 2022, SBS Transit received a two-year contract extension to continue operating the bus package until March 2025.
Bukit Merah Bus Package
In April 2017, the LTA called for tenders to operate 17 bus services originating from Bukit Merah Bus Interchange, HarbourFront Bus Interchange, Buona Vista Bus Terminal, Marina Centre Bus Terminal, Kampong Bahru Bus Terminal, Queen Street Bus Terminal and Shenton Way Bus Terminal. The 17 bus routes (including cross border services 160 and 170/170X) will be supported by the new Ulu Pandan Bus Depot which was completed in the first quarter of 2018 and is able to accommodate about 480 buses.
Go-Ahead Singapore, a Jiaoyun Group / Travel GSH joint venture, SBS Transit, Shenzhen Bus Group, SMRT Buses and Tower Transit Singapore lodged bids. In February 2018, the LTA awarded incumbent operator SBS Transit the package.
Sembawang-Yishun Bus Package
In November 2019, the LTA called for tenders to operate the Sembawang-Yishun bus package, which was held concurrently with the tender for the second term of Bulim bus package. This involves 24 bus services operating out of Woodlands, Sembawang and Yishun bus interchanges. Service 110 will be handed over to Woodlands Bus Package while 652 will be handed over to Seletar Bus Package. They are based at the new Mandai Bus Depot which is able to accommodate about 550 buses (co-located with the Thomson–East Coast line MRT depot) from September 2021.
In September 2020, the LTA awarded the contract for this package to Tower Transit Singapore. Operations commenced in 3 tranches from 5 September 2021, involving the transfer of the services from SMRT Buses to Tower Transit Singapore.
In January 2022, route 801 was introduced and added to the package.
Negotiated bus packages
In August 2016, the LTA announced the completion of the transitioning to bus contracting on 1 September 2016. The remaining nine packages covered 230 routes. They were organised in a way such that no change of employees from one operator to another was needed. Each package will last from five to 10 years. As the negotiated contracts expire, they will be put up for tender. These are the following bus service packages:
Sengkang-Hougang (32 services) (currently under Hougang Bus Depot)
Bedok (20 services) (currently under Bedok North Bus Depot)
Choa Chu Kang-Bukit Panjang (28 services) (currently under Kranji Bus Depot)
Woodlands (20 services) (currently under Woodlands Bus Depot)
Tampines (25 services) (currently under Bedok North Bus Depot)
Jurong West (26 services) (currently under Soon Lee Bus Park)
Serangoon-Eunos (25 services) (currently under Hougang Bus Depot)
Clementi (23 services) (currently under Bukit Batok Bus Depot)
Bishan-Toa Payoh (21 services) (currently under Ang Mo Kio Bus Depot and Braddell Bus Park)
Table of bus packages
Tendered packages
Negotiated packages
Notes
References
2014 establishments in Singapore
Bus transport in Singapore
Robert Michael Scarano Jr. is an American architect who works primarily in Brooklyn, New York City. In March 2010, Scarano was barred from submitting plans for new buildings to New York City's Department of Buildings.
Life and career
Born in Gravesend, Brooklyn, Scarano attended the City College of New York, where he received a Bachelor of Architecture, Bachelor of Science in Architecture and Environmental Design, and a certificate in engineering. He later studied at New York University and received certificates in construction management, building construction, real estate development and real estate finance.
He started his own firm, Scarano Architects PLLC, in Staten Island in 1985, the same year in which he became a Registered Architect in New York State. Prior to founding his firm, he worked for HLW Architects, SLCE Architects, Liebman & Liebman Architects and Costas Kondylis Architects. , Scarano Associates had a staff of about 50, including designers from Brazil, Bulgaria, Colombia, Israel, Russia and Ukraine. Based in DUMBO, Brooklyn, their office features a glass and steel addition atop a hundred-year-old building.
Scarano is a member of the American Institute of Architects (AIA) and the Society of American Registered Architects (SARA).
Works
110 York Street (2004) - Home to the offices of Scarano Architect PLLC, this project features a glass and steel addition atop a hundred-year-old building. This project received a 2005 Design Award from Metal Architecture magazine, and a 2005 Certificate of Appreciation from the Brooklyn AIA.
234 West 20th Street (2005) - Penthouse addition to an existing building in Chelsea, Manhattan. Received a 2005 Award of Excellence from the Brooklyn AIA.
401 Hicks Street (2005) - Adaptive reuse of a 19th-century church building in Cobble Hill, Brooklyn. Received a 2005 Certificate of Appreciation from the Brooklyn AIA.
Armory Towers (2000) - An adaptive reuse of an old armory in Fort Greene, Brooklyn. Developed with assistance from the New York City Housing Development Corporation (NYCHDC), this 110 unit building received an Excellence Award from the NY Council of SARA, and an Excellence Award from the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce.
The Douglass (2005) - New construction at 279 West 117th Street in Harlem. 138 units, with 42 units reserved for low-income tenants. Honored as 2005 Project of the Year by the New York State Association for Affordable Housing.
Finger Building (2005) - Scarano partnered with developers Mendel Brach and Moshe Oknin on this project at 144 North 8th Street in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Commonly known as the Finger Building, it was designed for 16 stories and 42 residential units.
Manhattan Park Condos (2006) - 14 unit, seven-story building at 297 Driggs Avenue, adjacent to McCarren Park in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. This project received a Housing Award of Merit from the NY Council of SARA.
Toy Factory Lofts (2004) - Once home to a factory, this building at 176 Johnson Street in downtown Brooklyn was converted to 56 luxury condominiums. This project won a 2004 SARA Design Award of Honor, and was awarded a Certificate of Appreciation from the Brooklyn AIA.
Finger Building (2005–present) - Scarano partnered with developers Mendel Brach and Moshe Oknin on this project at 144 North 8th Street in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Commonly known as the Finger Building, it was designed for 16 stories and 42 residential units.
333 Carroll Street (2006–present) - now called the "Hell Building" by critics, owner Isaac Fischman hired Scarano to design an addition and renovation to convert this 19th century building in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn into luxury condominiums. Construction has been halted three times, most recently March 2008, after the Building Department determined that "...Scarano had inaccurately claimed the building was zoned to allow for the additional stories." Scarano was removed from the project in January 2008; the building remains unfinished.
360 Smith Street (2007) - this proposed building in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, to be designed by Scarano for developer William Stein, would be built on the site of the south entrance (and adjacent plaza) of the Carroll Street subway station. In response to this and other projects, the Carroll Gardens Neighborhood Association has proposed seeking re-zoning or landmark designation for the neighborhood.At a community meeting on February 11, 2008, the developer announced that Scarano was no longer involved with the project, and the building would instead be designed by Armand Quadrini of KSQ Architects.
614 7th Avenue (2005–06) - this condominium project in Greenwood Heights, Brooklyn drew community opposition to its proposed height, which would have blocked a historic sight line between the Statue of Liberty and the statue of Minerva in Green-Wood Cemetery. Neighborhood residents successfully petitioned the city to rezone the neighborhood to prevent tall buildings. The developer, Chaim Nussencweig, argued that the building's foundations had been laid before the rezoning took effect, giving him the right to complete the structure, and offered to have Scarano "cut out" a portion of the building to preserve the line of sight.
979 Willoughby Avenue (2007–10) - built in Bushwick, Brooklyn and marketed as a "small building big on design", this Scarano-designed condominium comprises eight apartments from 500 to . The $3.8-million project was filed as a four-story building, but towers over neighboring structures due to high ceilings and mezzanine spaces. The street wall is a row of garage doors, as each unit features a small private garage bay opening onto the sidewalk. Speaking of the project in 2007, Scarano told the Brooklyn Daily Eagle that "to design a new building in an emerging area, one cannot help but feel like a pioneer during the early days of the development of America."
Bowery Tower (2004–06) - this Scarano-designed project at 4 East Third Street in Manhattan was originally filed with the building department as a dormitory building. Questions were raised about the building's compliance with zoning regulations, and the unfinished building was eventually sold to another group of developers. A new architect was brought on board, the facade and interiors redone, and the building now serves as a hotel.
Washington Condominium (2006) - At this project in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn, the City objected to areas within the building labeled as 'storage lofts', but with ceiling heights greater than five feet (the limit for a non-habitable mezzanine). The developer added raised plywood floors to lower the ceiling height. When critics charged that buyers would easily rip out the retrofits to gain access to the full-height of the space, the City held up the Certificate of Occupancy until the floors were rebuilt with concrete.
Awards and honors
In April 2005, Scarano received the first annual "Brooklyn Icon" award, presented by Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz at a ceremony at Scarano's office attended by over 100 builders, developers and architects. Since 2005, Scarano has earned over 30 construction awards.
Controversy
Loss of building department filing privileges
In March 2010, Scarano lost his rights to submit new building plans to the New York City Department of Buildings (DOB). This ban is still in effect. The ruling came in response to a June 2008 DOB action alleging "false or misleading statements on applications submitted to the Buildings Department in connection with two new buildings in Brooklyn.". According to DOB, Scarano's filings deliberately misrepresented the size of his proposed buildings, which were larger than he was claiming in his filings.
In her March 2010 ruling, Judge Joan Salzman agreed with DOB, calling Scarano's filings "so deceptive that they call to mind out-and-out fraud."
In response to the ruling, Scarano sued DOB, attempting to overturn a city statute that "can be used to bar an architect from filing for permits". The suit alleged that the statute was "unconstitutional because it lacked due process; it was poorly drafted with a "meager" standard; and could be applied arbitrarily". An appeals court upheld the ban in 2011, saying DOB could "no longer rely on (Scarano) to submit honest paperwork." Scarano said that he would explore his legal options in response.
This ban was the second time in four years that the NYC Department of Buildings brought charges against Scarano. In 2006, Scarano was brought before the City's Office of Administrative Trials and Hearings for alleged zoning violations. The allegations were mutually settled in August 2006 with the settlement specifying that it was "not an admission of guilt or liability" by Scarano and the DOB agreed to keep private "any information or documents that form the basis for the [department's] assertions and allegations."
Building codes and zoning
Under the New York City system of zoning, buildings are regulated for things such as height, floor area, setbacks, and number of dwelling units. These regulations vary by neighborhood and street.
Many of the buildings designed by Scarano's firm are instantly recognizable for being much larger than neighboring buildings. This is often due to the double-height spaces and mezzanine levels commonly used on his residential projects to maximize building height, floor area, and lot coverage. Under the New York City building codes, mezzanines (defined in part as spaces with ceiling heights of less than five feet) are not included when calculating the square footage of a building, but it has been alleged that many of Scarano's building plans classified habitable space as mezzanines.
Speaking with a reporter in April 2006, Scarano defended himself, saying:
If you're allowed 60 percent lot coverage and in height and the allowable floor area is a 2.0 FAR and that gives you three-and-a-half floors, what do you do with the extra height? We pushed that into the living spaces, creating double-height units with mezzanines. And you want that space in the living room and dining room and maybe the main bedroom, but not in the other rooms (kitchens, baths, home office etc). And we were allowed to exclude the mezzanines from the floor area based on memorandums that were circulating in the 1980s.
Worker death
In March 2006, construction worker Anthony Duncan was killed at a Scarano-designed project under construction at 733 Ocean Parkway, Brooklyn, when a retaining wall gave way and the adjacent structure collapsed. The city reported 29 fatal construction accidents from September 30, 2005 to September 30, 2006—a sharp rise from the 2004–2005 year.
Gallery
References
Notes
External links
American architects
People from Gravesend, Brooklyn
Living people
1959 births
The PSD Bank München which has its headquarters in Augsburg, Germany, is a regional operating direct bank for private customers, who are part of the PSD Banking Group. The bank is a member of the Bundesverband der Deutschen Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), together with 13 other independent PSD banks. Its business area expands across Swabia, Upper Bavaria and Lower Bavaria, where the bank serves about 85,000 private customers. The PSD is among Munichs the biggest cooperative banks, with total assets of over 2 billion Euro. Its legal supervision is carried out by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority.
Services
The bank offers financial services to private customers in the areas construction financing, installment loans, investment products and giro. The areas property agency, building society savings, insurances and stocks are being covered through cooperation's with the Bausparkasse Schwäbisch Hall, the DeTeAssekuranz, Franklin Templeton Investments as well as the Union Investment. The bank is a member of the Bankcard-Servicenetz. The PSD Bank Munich offers customer service in Augsburg and Munich.
Social and sponsoring activities
In the business area of the PSD Bank München a number of projects from the spheres of sport, education, social and environment receive annual support. In 2016 charitable organizations and associations from the region were supported with 199,000 Euro.
References
External links
official website PSD Bank München
Banks of Germany
Cooperative banks of Germany
Corporate finance
Sergei Hohlov-Simson (born 22 April 1972 in Pärnu) is a retired football central defender from Estonia. He last played for FC Levadia Tallinn, where he retired in 2005. He also played as a professional in Israel and Norway.
International career
Hohlov-Simson obtained a total number of 58 caps for the national team during his career, scoring two goals.
References
1972 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pärnu
Estonian footballers
Estonia international footballers
Estonian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
FCI Levadia Tallinn players
Hapoel Kfar Saba F.C. players
Hapoel Tayibe F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Estonian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Estonian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
FC Kuressaare players
Viljandi JK Tulevik players
Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu is the feature film soundtrack of the 2013 family-drama film of the same name starring Venkatesh, Mahesh Babu, Anjali and Samantha Ruth Prabhu. Directed by Srikanth Addala, the film's music was composed by Mickey J Meyer, marking his second collaboration with Srikanth Addala. Mani Sharma provided the re-recording and background score for the film, while Anantha Sreeram and Sirivennela Sitaramasastri composed the lyrics for the songs in the album. Its release coincided with a promotional launch function on 7 December 2012 at Ramanaidu Studios in Nanakramguda in Hyderabad under the Aditya Music label.
Production
Srikanth Addala selected Mickey J Meyer to compose the music for this film marking his second collaboration with him after Kotha Bangaru Lokam in 2008. The audio rights of the film were sold to Aditya Music in June 2012. A preview of the title song was released on 31 May 2012.
On 15 November 2012 the song Inka Cheppale was filmed on Mahesh Babu and Samantha at Magarpatta in Pune. The last song Vaana Chinukulu was filmed from 25 November, lasting for three days on Venkatesh and Anjali in Kerala. While shooting commenced, a thirty seconds promo of "Aaraduguluntada" song was released through Red FM 93.5 on 26 November 2012.
All seven promo songs were released on the official Aditya Music Facebook page on 1 December 2012. The launch of the film was held at Ramanaidu Studios in Nanakramguda, Hyderabad on 7 December 2012, with the official soundtrack released on the same day. The triple platinum disc function of the film was held on 19 January 2013 at Shilpakala Vedika, Hyderabad to which the whole unit attended amidst high fanfare.
Tracklist
References
2012 soundtrack albums
Telugu film soundtracks
Aditya Music soundtracks
Mickey J. Meyer soundtracks
Ignacio Martínez (born 23 May 1972) is a Mexican former professional tennis player.
Biography
Born in Mexico City, Martínez finished his schooling in San Diego, graduating from St. Augustine High School in 1990.
From 1991 to 1993 he played college tennis at the University of San Diego, before competing briefly on the professional tour.
Martínez reached the best singles ranking of 261 in the world. His best performance in an ATP Tour tournament came on debut, at Long Island in 1994, where he defeated world number 44 Ronald Agénor, then lost in the second round to third seed Michael Chang.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Mexican male tennis players
San Diego Toreros men's tennis players
Tennis players from Mexico City
Thierry Poyet (born March 25, 1965) is a Monegasque politician. He was elected to the National Council in the 2013 Monegasque election as a member for the ruling coalition, Horizon Monaco.
External links
Biography on the National Council website
Thierry Poyet on Twitter
Living people
1965 births
Monegasque politicians
Saalburg-Ebersdorf is a town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany close to the Bavarian border. It is situated on the river Saale, 10 km southwest of Schleiz, 30 km west of Plauen and 30 km north-west of Hof.
The town is an administrative union of two large villages (Saalburg and Ebersdorf) lying either side of the Saale river near the Bleilochtalsperre as well as several smaller villages in between and around them.
History
The earliest records of the towns and villages of Saalburg-Ebersdorf are from the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries. They lay on and around the historical trade route between Nuremberg and Leipzig.
Saalburg and Ebersdorf became increasingly important in the seventeenth century as regional seats of the Counts von Reuss.
Saalburg
Saalburg was established under the Lobdaburger reign in around 1313. Some ruins from this early settlement remain today, including a 3-meter-high remnant of the city wall.
From 1647-1666, Saalburg was the seat of the state of Reuss-Saalburg.
Saalburg subsequently became part of the state of Reuss-Greiz (or Reuss Elder Line).
Ebersdorf
Ebersdorf dates its foundation to 1401.
In 1678, the state of Reuss-Lobenstein was partitioned and the state of Reuss-Ebersdorf was created under Heinrich X. Schloss Ebersdorf was built in 1692-1694 to house the court of the new state.
Under the influence of the Reuss Princes, Ebersdorf became a centre of Pietism in Germany. The related Moravian faith also took a minority hold in Ebersdorf after the marriage of Erdmuthe Dorothea Reuss-Ebersdorf to Nicolaus Zinzendorf.
The Moravian Church (pictured) was built in 1746. The classical west facade of Schloss Ebersdorf, shown in the main photo above, was designed by Christian Friedrich Schuricht and was completed in 1792.
Napoleonic wars and German confederation
On 8 October 1806, Napoleon's troops first entered Prussian territory and battles took place on the banks of the Saale between the forces of Napoleon I of France and Frederick William III of Prussia. Napoleon spent the night of 8 October in Schloss Ebersdorf. This (a precursor to the Battle of Schleiz on 9 October and the Battle of Jena-Auerstadt on 14 October), was the first battle of the War of the Fourth Coalition.
From 1807 until 1813, the Principality of Reuss-Ebersdorf became part of the Confederation of the Rhine. From 1813, the Principality became a member (successively) of the German Confederation the Thuringian Trade Association, the Central German Trade Association and (from 1833) the Zollverein. In 1849, the Principality became a constitutional monarchy. During the Austro-Prussian War of 1866, the Principality took a neutral position while the Reuss, Elder Line was aligned with the Austrian Empire. Both joined the North German Confederation in 1866 and became part of unified Germany in 1871.
Twentieth century
In 1919, Ebersdorf became part of the independent (and short-lived) Republic of Reuss, before this state (and hence Ebersdorf) joined the Weimar Republic.
After the Second World War, the region became part of the newly created District of Gera (Bezirk Gera) in 1952 within the German Democratic Republic (East Germany). After German reunification in 1990, Salburg and Ebersdorf became part of the restored state of Thuringia.
Formation of Saalburg-Ebersdorf
Saalburg and Ebersdorf were legally merged on 1 January 2003 and, on 6 May 2006, they absorbed the previously independent municipalities of Friesau, Röppisch, Schönbrunn and Zoppoten.
Sights
The Steinerne Rose is a rare form of natural rock monument.
SonneMondSterne
Saalburg-Ebersdorf hosts the SonneMondSterne festival, an outdoor music festival which is one of the largest in Europe and which has featured acts such as Massive Attack; David Guetta; Skrillex; The Chemical Brothers; Hot Chip; Faithless; Kraftwerk; and Underworld.
Twinning
Saalburg-Ebersdorf is twinned with Renningen (Baden-Württemberg).
Famous residents
Countess Augusta Reuss-Ebersdorf, daughter of Count Heinrich XXIV, was the mother of Leopold I of Belgium and Victoria, Duchess of Kent and grandmother of Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Queen Victoria, Prince Albert, Ferdinand II of Portugal, Leopold II of Belgium, and Empress Carlota of Mexico, among others.
Heinrich LXXII met Lola Montez in London in the middle of 1843 and gave her a loose invitation to visit him in Ebersdorf. Her visit was not a success and she was quickly moved on again.
Erdmuthe Dorothea, Countess von Reuss-Ebersdorf (1700–1757) married Nicolaus Ludwig, Imperial Count von Zinzendorf (1700–1760) Renewer of the Moravian Church in 1722. Her family became very involved in the Moravian Church and a Moravian Settlement was started in Ebersdorf in the 1730s. The settlement was a center of education and social work in the Thuringian Forest. Today the Moravian Church operates a children's home and retreat center in the Congregation in Ebersdorf.
References
Towns in Thuringia
Saale-Orla-Kreis
Principality of Reuss-Gera
The Kentucky Public Service Commission is the public utilities commission for the State of Kentucky.
The commission is a quasi-judicial regulatory tribunal. It regulates the intrastate rates and services of investor-owned electric, natural gas, telephone, water and sewage utilities, customer-owned electric and telephone cooperatives, water districts and associations, and certain aspects of gas pipelines in the state.
External links
Kentucky Public Service Commission Website
Kentucky
Public Service Commission
Ian Irving Vega Tayao is a Filipino musician, producer, vlogger and skateboarder, known for fronting the bands Queso (formerly Cheese), Wilabaliw, and Armalite.
Hailed as one of the Philippines' "Three Kings of Slam" (along with Greyhoundz's Reg Rubio and Slapshock's Jamir Garcia), he is well known for his aggressive yet experimental musicianship.
Music career
Cheese (1994 to present)
1994, Queso started out using the name Cheese. It all began as something to do after eating cheese. Enzo Ruidera, 2TS Calinawan and Pao Rosal were cheese eater and decided to form a band. Eventually things got serious and they were winning battle of bands. The kids thought this might lead somewhere and eventually got Tayo, cousin of Power Rosario to do vocal duties at the time both parties were starting to write original songs. So by the time they were ready to play they were already playing original songs in a time were playing covers. Landing regular gigs at hot spots back then like Club Dredd and Yosh Café, they steadily got noticed and slowly earned a following. CJ Olaguera who was constantly with the band eventually learned to play percussions and was a logical addition to the band because he was already always there anyway and he added new texture to the sound of the band. By the time, they were regulars at a number of bars and clubs. 8 Toleran, a neighbor and former guitarist of the band Piranha asked Ian if he could audition and join the band. As fate would have it, the band was actually looking for another guitar player. He fit in perfectly and he was in like that. RT de Ano, is another friend of the band and a DJ. He was another logical choice to be absorbed into the band because he was always there anyway and the idea of having a DJ in the band was shared by all of the members. By 1997, the band release and sold a two-song demo, the songs “Fine” and “The Way” were in it. Five thousand copies was sold out in a week. “Fine” eventually garnered airplay on NU107 and eventually hit the charts. The band was signed by Warner Music Philippines. In 1998, the self-titled debut album Cheese was released. Critics and fans alike received it beautifully. The singles "10x Karma" and "Fine" climbed the charts and the band was nominated on a number of categories at the '99 NU107 Rock Awards. Maly Andres, the producer of the album won Producer of the Year award for his work on that album. The album went on to win an Awit Award for Rom Villaseran's work on the album cover layout. The band went on to a successful tour of the album, even going to Korea to represent the Philippines in the 2000 Pusan Rock Festival. After touring and playing provinces, special events, clubs and bars. The band went on to write new materials. Biboy Garcia who went on to record with the band on their sophomore effort replaced RT de Ano. 2001 saw the release of Cheese's second effort entitled Pilipinas. The album was critically acclaimed, named "the richest rock release of that year". The album went on to win Vocalist of the Year, People's Choice Award and Album of the Year in the 2002 NU107 Rock awards. The band went on to tour the new album, successfully. 2003, Queso officially announced that they were changing their name to Queso from Cheese because that is what the kids were calling them and it was only logical. That same year drummer Pow Rosal was replaced by drummer Robert dela Cruz. Robert came in to continue touring the album all throughout the country. In 2004, the band goes back to the studio to write new materials. 2005, Queso releases Buhay Queso, a DVD documentary about the band, members and their adventures. A year after, 2006, the band finishes recording and releases their latest self-titled effort Queso.
The band (along with Slapshock and Greyhoundz) headed the country's annual music festival PULP Summer Slam.
The band eventually broke up after the release of their third album but reunited in 2012. Currently, the band is still active, even though each member is busy with their other endeavors.
Wilabaliw (2010 to present)
Tayao conceptualized the project 8 years ago, back when he was still active with Queso. The perfect chance to manifest the idea did not become so vivid until he was able to cosmically find members or better yet the members finding him.
Consisting musicians from their respective bands: Tayao himself, Robert dela Cruz (his bandmate in Queso, also plays for Skychurch), Francis Magat (from Salindiwa) and Louis Isok (of Enemies of Saturn). The band played heavier stuff compared to their groups.
The debut album 10.10.10. was independently-released in 2010 (believed as one of the reasons for the album's title), unleashing tracks like the groovy "Me Techie Love You Long Time", hard-hitting "Diveler" and the hit single "Illuminate I". In 2012, they released their song "Samadi" through Tower of Doom's Tower Sessions program on YouTube .
At the end of 2013, the band's line-up changed as Magat and Dela Cruz were replaced by Nino Avenido (of Greyhoundz) and Jesso Ron "Pornstar" Montejo (of 4th Draztik). In the following year, the band released their song "Fahira", followed by "Not So Fast" not long after, which they turned up to the Wilabaliw TeeDee ( a combination of CD and T-Shirt) through Built by Sonic.
After two years, the band released new songs, called "Jack Stone", "Sunken ID" and "Hindi Na Makita" (also claimed as the band's first Tagalog song) in 2017. Before the year 2017 ended, line-up changed for the bassist as Nino Avenido was replaced by Keith Francisco (of Arcadia).
Armalite (2014 to present)
The quintet was formed in 2014, consists of Queso buddies Tayao, Ocho Toleran, Biboy Garcia with Martin Hocson and Michael Gemina, spawned songs such as "Smoke Screen" and "Halo Jump", which later turned into a CD, which was launched on December 17, 2014, at 19 East Parañaque.
Later, Gemina was replaced by Allan "Bords" Burdeos of Kamikazee, as stated in the band's Facebook page on October 20, 2016:
"Gonna start this off with a good evening to every single one of you and we hope everyone is safe given this weather we are/will be experiencing.
Just a quick update from us given we haven't posted in a really long time! -First off, we are still around and planning things for the future. We just all have our personal things to deal with now but we still can't thank everyone enough for the continued support despite not hearing from us for quite some time.
Second, for whoever doesn't know our original drummer Mike has migrated to Singapore to pursue his career and awesomeness over there and we couldn't be more happy and proud of him. We have this handsome fella filling in for drum duties when we get this ball rolling again. Does he look familiar? Stay stuck and trust us it will be worth the wait. "
Solo projects
Outside his bands, Tayao is still making music in his own movement. Collaborated with his musician friends such as Randy Pages, Wendell Garcia, and Louie Talan, in covering a song of another band Brain Salad titled "Bulong (Mo Sa Dilim)".
He also formed an acoustic project called BatCat, together with Nino Avenido and Zach Lucero of Imago.
He also collaborated with progressive/power metal group Plethora, with Greyhoundz' Audz Avenido on the song "Triangulo".
Tayao also recorded his own songs such as "Dandy", "Mauricio", "The Dragon That Never Sleeps" and "Pull The Plug".
Tayao collaborated on the song "Apatnapungbara" for Gloc 9's album MKNM: Mga Kwento Ng Makata in 2012, and later collaborated for the song "Tarantatula" from Wilabaliw's recently-released Aurum in 2019. He was also featured with Nicole Asensio on the love song "All in All", from Asensio's debut album Schizoprano in 2015.
In 2017, Tayao collaborated with metal band Vie for the song "Ganid".
In February 2018, Tayao collaborated with female-fronted band Saydie on their latest single "Yokai".
Musical styles
Musicians and listeners can't exactly define Tayao's musical sensibilities and styles. In Queso, he is regarded as part of the Filipino nu-metal scene. But since his voice is a fusion of reggae, funk, hard alternative and heavy metal, even playing with Wilabaliw and Armalite, his voice is the signature of his musicianship: familiar yet different, as FHM Philippines stated.
Theatrics
Tayao is also known for doing stunts during performances, such as high-angle backflips, 'complicated' dance moves and stage dives.
Other pursuits
Tayao is an affiliate of Ragdoll Development, a group of artists, videographers, and companies who support Filipino skaters.
He also created a Facebook show called "Timon and Pumba Live", along with Ramon Mager (of Sickpig).
In 2011, Tayao also starred in a short film entry for International Academy of Film and Television (IAFT) by Karl Porio, titled "The Gap" as the lead role of Danny.
Discography
With Cheese/Queso
Cheese (Warner Music Philippines, 1998)
Pilipinas (Warner Music Philippines, 2002)
Queso (EMI Music, 2006)
With Wilabaliw
10.10.10 (2010)
Aurum 2019
With Armalite
Armalite- Built to Kill (2014)
References
3. http://towerofdoom.net/queso/#tab-con-5
Living people
Musicians from Manila
21st-century Filipino male singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Filipino male singers
The 463d Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with 346th Bombardment Group at Kadena Airfield, Okinawa, where it was inactivated on 30 June 1946. From 1942 the squadron served as a replacement training unit for heavy bomber aircrews. It was inactivated in the spring of 1944 in a general reorganization of Army Air Forces training units. The squadron was activated again in 1944 as a Boeing B-29 Superfortress unit. Although it deployed to the Pacific, it arrived too late to see combat service.
History
Heavy bomber replacement training
The 463d Bombardment Squadron was first activated in July 1942 at Salt Lake City Army Air Base, Utah as one of the original squadrons of the 331st Bombardment Group. In September it moved to Casper Army Air Field, where it conducted Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress replacement training until 1943, when it converted to the Consolidated B-24 Liberator. Replacement training units were oversized units which trained aircrews prior to their deployment to combat theaters. However, the Army Air Forces found that standard military units, based on relatively inflexible tables of organization, were not proving to be well adapted to the training mission. Accordingly, it adopted a more functional system in which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit, while the groups and squadrons acting as replacement training units were disbanded or inactivated. This resulted in the 462d, along with other units at Casper, being inactivated in the spring of 1944 and being replaced by the 211th AAF Base Unit (Combat Crew Training Station, Heavy), which assumed the 331st Group's mission, personnel, and equipment.
Very heavy bomber operations
In August 1944, the squadron was reactivated as a Boeing B-29 Superfortress unit at Dalhart Army Air Field, Texas and assigned to the 346th Bombardment Group. It trained with Superfortresses at Dalhart and Pratt Army Air Field, Kansas until June 1945, when it began moving to Okinawa to become part of Eighth Air Force. Although the war ended before the squadron could begin operations, a few of its crews formed part of its forward echelon and flew missions with B-29 units of Twentieth Air Force.
The squadron flew several shows of force missions from Okinawa over Japan following VJ Day. It also evacuated prisoners of war from camps in Japan to the Philippines. The squadron was inactivated on Okinawa in June 1946.
Lineage
Constituted as the 463d Bombardment Squadron (Heavy) on 1 July 1942
Activated on 6 July 1942
Inactivated on 1 April 1944
Redesignated 463d Bombardment Squadron, Very Heavy on 4 August 1944
Activated on 18 August 1944
Inactivated on 30 June 1946
Assignments
331st Bombardment Group, 6 July 1942 - 1 April 1944
346th Bombardment Group, 18 August 1944 - 30 June 1946
Stations
Salt Lake City Army Air Base, Utah, 6 July 1942
Casper Army Air Field, Wyoming, 15 September 1942 - 1 April 1944
Dalhart Army Air Field, Texas, 18 August 1944
Pratt Army Air Field, Kansas, 12 December 1944 - 29 June 1945
Kadena Airfield, Okinawa, 13 August 1945 - 30 June 1946
Aircraft
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress, 1942-1943, 1945
Consolidated B-24 Liberator, 1943-1944
Boeing B-29 Superfortress, 1945-1946
Curtiss C-46 Commando, 1946
References
Notes
Bibliography
Military units and formations established in 1942
Bombardment squadrons of the United States Army Air Forces
Cumberland County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. As of the 2010 census, the population was 11,048. Its county seat is Toledo.
Cumberland County is part of the Charleston–Mattoon, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Cumberland County was created on March 2, 1823, from parts of Coles County. It is named for the National Road (Cumberland Road), which was projected to run through it.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Toledo have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 (jobs) and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in June.
Adjacent counties
Coles County - north
Clark County - east
Jasper County - south
Effingham County - southwest
Shelby County - west
Major highways
Interstate 57
Interstate 70
U.S. Route 40
U.S. Route 45
Illinois Route 49
Illinois Route 121
Illinois Route 130
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 11,048 people, 4,377 households, and 3,121 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,874 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.3% white, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.2% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 30.6% were German, 17.4% were American, 11.7% were Irish, and 11.4% were English.
Of the 4,377 households, 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were married couples living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.7% were non-families, and 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.95. The median age was 40.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,101 and the median income for a family was $51,729. Males had a median income of $42,157 versus $29,142 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,262. About 8.1% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.4% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Neoga
Casey (mostly in Clark County)
Villages
Greenup
Jewett
Montrose (mostly in Effingham County)
Toledo (seat)
Townships
Cumberland County is divided into eight townships:
Cottonwood
Crooked Creek
Greenup
Neoga
Spring Point
Sumpter
Union
Woodbury
Unincorporated Communities
Bradbury
Dees
Hazel Dell
Janesville
Johnstown
Liberty Hill
Lillyville
Maple Point
Neal
Roslyn
Timothy
Union Center
Vevay Park
Walla Walla
Woodbury
Politics
Although predominantly Democratic in the years before World War I, in the aftermath of which Woodrow Wilson's policies towards Germany were locally deplored, Cumberland County has since become powerfully Republican. Even in Franklin D. Roosevelt's 1932 and 1936 landslides, he won only small victories, and since then only three Democrats have carried the county. Bill Clinton, who won a plurality in 1992, is the last Democrat to reach forty percent of the county's vote, and in 2016, the rapid Upland South trend towards overwhelmingly Republican voting caused his wife Hillary to win less than twenty percent of the county's ballots.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cumberland County, Illinois
References
History of Southern Illinois, George Washington Smith, 1912.
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
United States National Atlas
1843 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1843
Illinois counties
Charleston–Mattoon, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area
The following events occurred in September 1934:
September 1, 1934 (Saturday)
The textile worker's strike began in the United States as approximately 1 million workers walked off the job shortly before midnight.
José María Velasco Ibarra became President of Ecuador.
A speaker and security camera brand, Toa Corporation was founded in Kobe, Japan, as predecessor name was Toa Special Electric Works.
September 2, 1934 (Sunday)
Limerick and Dublin played to a draw in the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final. A rematch was held on September 28.
Born: Grady Nutt, Southern Baptist minister and humorist, in Amarillo, Texas (d. 1982)
Died: Russ Columbo, 26, American singer, violinist and actor (shot in accident); Alcide Nunez, 50, American jazz clarinetist
September 3, 1934 (Monday)
Evangeline Booth was elected General of the Salvation Army, the first woman to hold the position.
September 4, 1934 (Tuesday)
8 were killed by bombs in Havana during a nationwide strike of government workers. President Carlos Mendieta promised a relaxation of martial law.
Evelyn Waugh's novel A Handful of Dust was first published in full.
Born: Clive Granger, economist and Nobel laureate, in Swansea, Wales (d. 2009); Eduard Khil, baritone singer, in Smolensk, USSR (d. 2012)
September 5, 1934 (Wednesday)
The 8th Nuremberg Rally formally opened in Nazi Germany. Adolf Wagner read a proclamation written by Hitler which first established the concept of a "A Thousand Year Reich", declaring that the Nazi revolution was complete and there were to be no more revolutions in Germany for the next 1,000 years.
11,000 public transit workers went on strike in Tokyo, Japan.
The first known victim of the notorious Cleveland Torso Murderer, the Lady of the Lake, is discovered on the shore of Lake Erie.
September 6, 1934 (Thursday)
Hitler reviewed a parade of 52,000 young labourers on the Nuremberg Rally grounds.
September 7, 1934 (Friday)
Hitler addressed 350,000 party members and spectators at Nuremberg.
Born: Little Milton, blues singer and guitarist, in Inverness, Mississippi (d. 2005)
September 8, 1934 (Saturday)
The ocean liner Morro Castle caught fire off the coast of New Jersey. Only six of the twelve lifeboats were lowered and a total of 137 people died in the disaster.
Gunshots were fired at the home of Austrian Vice-Chancellor Ernst Rüdiger Starhemberg. After a commotion the shots were attributed to a careless guard who bumped his rifle against a wall.
Born: Peter Maxwell Davies, composer and conductor, in Salford, Lancashire, England (d. 2016)
September 9, 1934 (Sunday)
7,000 police and guardsmen were dispatched to London's Hyde Park, looking to head off any potential violence on the occasion of a rally by 1,200 members of Oswald Mosley's British Union of Fascists. About 8,000 to 9,000 anti-fascists and onlookers also turned out, but the police cordon was so thick that no one on the outside of it could hear the speeches. A total of eighteen arrests were made, mostly for disorderly conduct.
Rudolf Caracciola and Luigi Fagioli won the Italian Grand Prix.
The Little King, a comic strip by Otto Soglow that had appeared in The New Yorker for several years, made its debut in its new form of a newspaper comic strip.
Died: Roger Fry, 67, English painter and critic
September 10, 1934 (Monday)
The 8th Nuremberg Rally ended with a closing address by Hitler.
Police were called upon to end the Costa Rican banana workers' strike, firing on strike leaders and arresting others.
Born: Charles Kuralt, journalist, in Wilmington, North Carolina (d. 1997); Roger Maris, baseball player, in Hibbing, Minnesota (d. 1985)
September 11, 1934 (Tuesday)
Cuban officials revealed the confiscation of five mail packages containing bombs addressed to American ambassador Jefferson Caffery.
Born: Ian Abercrombie, actor, in Grays, Essex, England (d. 2012)
September 12, 1934 (Wednesday)
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia signed a treaty of mutual support that led to the formation of the Baltic Entente.
The mystery film Charlie Chan in London starring Warner Oland was released.
Died: Catherine Breshkovsky, 90, Russian socialist
September 13, 1934 (Thursday)
The J. B. Priestley play Eden End premiered at the Duchess Theatre in London.
September 14, 1934 (Friday)
Nazi Germany appealed to brides to help save the country's gold reserves by substituting gold wedding rings for those made of white alloy instead.
Soviet Russia reaffirmed its claim to Herald Island by hoisting a Soviet flag there.
Born: Sarah Kofman, philosopher, in Paris, France (d. 1994)
September 15, 1934 (Saturday)
The Australian federal election was held. The incumbent United Australia Party led by Prime Minister Joseph Lyons retained its plurality in the House of Representatives, but lost its absolute majority and would have to rely on a coalition with the Country Party to remain in power.
Born: Fred Nile, politician, in Kings Cross, New South Wales, Australia
September 16, 1934 (Sunday)
Poland won the Challenge International de Tourisme aviation contest in Warsaw.
William Randolph Hearst met with Adolf Hitler in Berlin.
Born: Elgin Baylor, basketball player, coach and executive, in Washington, D.C. (d. 2021); Ronnie Drew, folk musician and actor, in Dún Laoghaire, Ireland (d. 2008)
September 17, 1934 (Monday)
Nome, Alaska was virtually destroyed by fire.
Albania and the Soviet Union began diplomatic relations.
Born: Maureen Connolly, tennis player, in San Diego, California (d. 1969); Binoy Majumdar, poet, in Burma (d. 2006)
September 18, 1934 (Tuesday)
The League of Nations voted to admit the Soviet Union, 39 to 3.
Benito Mussolini ordered compulsory military service for all Italian boys above the age of 8.
Sam Rice of the Cleveland Indians played in his final major league game, going 3-for-5 with a double against the Washington Senators.
Died: Ruth Hale, 46 or 47, American writer and feminist
September 19, 1934 (Wednesday)
Bruno Hauptmann was arrested in the Lindbergh kidnapping.
Born: Brian Epstein, businessman and manager of the Beatles, in Liverpool, England (d. 1967)
Died: Lorin C. Woolley, 77, American Mormon fundamentalist leader
September 20, 1934 (Thursday)
Wrestling champion Jim Londos defeated Ed "Strangler" Lewis before a crowd of 35,265 at Wrigley Field in Chicago, the biggest crowd in pro wrestling history to that point.
Burleigh Grimes of the Pittsburgh Pirates played in his final major league game, pitching a scoreless inning against the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Born: Takayuki Kubota, karate master and founder of the International Karate Association, in Kumamoto, Japan; Sophia Loren, actress, in Rome, Italy; David Marquand, academic and politician, in Cardiff, Wales; Jeff Morris, actor, in St. Joseph, Missouri (d. 2004); Rajinder Puri, cartoonist and activist, in Karachi, British Raj (d. 2015)
September 21, 1934 (Friday)
The Muroto typhoon struck Japan, killing over 2,700 people.
Paul Dean of the St. Louis Cardinals pitched a 3-0 no-hitter against the Brooklyn Dodgers. It was the second game of a doubleheader; in the first game, Paul's brother Dizzy Dean also pitched a complete game shutout of the Dodgers.
Born: Leonard Cohen, musician, poet and novelist, in Westmount, Quebec (d. 2016)
September 22, 1934 (Saturday)
Gresford disaster: 266 were killed in north-east Wales when a coal mine exploded.
The United Textile Workers of America called off the three-week-old textile worker's strike.
The stage musical The Great Waltz premiered at the Center Theatre on Broadway.
Born: Lute Olson, basketball coach, in Mayville, North Dakota
September 23, 1934 (Sunday)
Ludwig Müller was proclaimed the supreme head of the German Protestant church at the Berlin Cathedral, despite hundreds of opposition pastors denouncing him from their pulpits.
Luigi Fagioli won the Spanish Grand Prix.
Born: Ahmad Shah Khan, Crown Prince of Afghanistan, in Kabul, Afghanistan
Died: Lucien Gaudin, 47, French Olympic fencing champion
September 24, 1934 (Monday)
The Detroit Tigers won the American League pennant, their first in 25 years, when the New York Yankees were eliminated by losing to the Boston Red Sox 5–0. The game also proved to be Babe Ruth's last at Yankee Stadium; he drew a walk in the first inning and was replaced by a pinch-runner.
Born: Tommy Anderson, footballer, in Haddington, Scotland; Robert Lang, actor, in Bristol, England (d. 2004); Princess Maria Pia of Bourbon-Parma, the eldest daughter of Umberto II of Italy and Marie José of Belgium, in Naples, Italy
September 25, 1934 (Tuesday)
Hugh S. Johnson resigned as head of the National Recovery Administration.
King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy announced an amnesty for all Italians imprisoned for two years or less, in celebration of the birth of Princess Maria.
The New York Yacht Club retained the America's Cup, defeating the Royal Yacht Squadron four races to two.
September 26, 1934 (Wednesday)
The RMS Queen Mary was launched into Glasgow's River Clyde in the presence of King George V and the ship's namesake, Queen consort Mary of Teck. It was the largest ship in the world at the time.
Afghanistan was admitted to the League of Nations.
Died: Alexander Moszkowski, 83, German-Jewish satirist, writer and philosopher
September 27, 1934 (Thursday)
Former Cuban president Ramón Grau fled the country by plane with seven members of his family. The executive committee of his party, the Partido Auténtico, issued a statement saying it had advised him to leave after receiving reports that he was in personal danger.
King Alexander of Yugoslavia made an official visit to Bulgaria.
The first six-man football game was played in Hebron, Nebraska.
Born: Beverly Armstrong, baseball player, in Maywood, New Jersey; Wilford Brimley, actor, in Salt Lake City, Utah (d. 2020)
September 28, 1934 (Friday)
The Winwick rail crash killed 11 people in Cheshire, England.
Limerick defeated Dublin in the rematch of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final.
The Dublin newspaper strike ended after ten weeks.
Born: Brigitte Bardot, actress, model and animal rights activist, in Paris, France
September 29, 1934 (Saturday)
The London, Scottish & Provincial Airways Airspeed Courier crash occurred north of Shoreham, Kent, England
The Mutual Broadcasting System was established.
The play Merrily We Roll Along by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart premiered at the Music Box Theatre on Broadway.
Born: Skandor Akbar, professional wrestler and manager, in Vernon, Texas (d. 2010)
Born: Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, a psychologist famous for his Flow theory
Died: Archibald Marshall, 68, English author, publisher and journalist
September 30, 1934 (Sunday)
U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt gave a fireside chat titled "On Government and Capitalism".
The St. Louis Cardinals clinched the National League pennant on the final day of the season when the New York Giants were eliminated by losing to the Brooklyn Dodgers 8–5 in ten innings.
Babe Ruth played his final game as a Yankee, going 0-for-3 at Griffith Stadium in Washington during a 5–3 loss to the Senators.
Born: Alan A'Court, footballer, in Rainhill, England (d. 2009); Udo Jürgens, composer and singer, in Klagenfurt, Austria (d. 2014); Anna Kashfi, actress, in Darjeeling, British India (d. 2015)
Died: Mary Brough, 71, English actress
References
1934
1934-09
1934-09
James Harding Southard (January 20, 1851 – February 20, 1919) was an American lawyer and politician who served six terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1895 to 1907.
Biography
Born near Toledo, Ohio, in Washington Township, Lucas County, Ohio, Southard attended the public schools and was graduated from Cornell University, Ithaca, New York, in 1874.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1877 and commenced practice in Toledo, Ohio.
He was appointed assistant prosecuting attorney of Lucas County in 1882.
Twice elected prosecuting attorney of the county, he served in that office six years.
Congress
Southard was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-fourth and to the five succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1895 – March 3, 1907).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures (Fifty-sixth through Fifty-ninth Congresses). During his time in Congress, Southard passed legislation establishing the National Bureau of Standards, and introduced a bill (though it never passed) requiring the U.S. to adopt the metric system.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1906 to the Sixtieth Congress.
Private life
He resumed the practice of law in Toledo, Ohio, until his death there February 20, 1919.
He was interred in Woodlawn Cemetery.
Southard married Carrie T. Wales of Toledo in 1883. They had three children. He was a Freemason, a member of the Knights of Pythias, and an Elk.
References
External links
1851 births
1919 deaths
Cornell University alumni
Politicians from Toledo, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Toledo, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Dianthus serotinus, called the late pink, late-coming pink, late carnation or late-coming carnation due to its tendency to bloom from June to October, is a species of Dianthus native to the Pannonian Basin of Hungary and nearby areas. It prefers to grow in the sand-steppe or other sandy soils.
References
serotinus
Plants described in 1804
Ari Valvee (born 1 December 1960 in Eura, Finland) is a retired football striker.
During his professional career, Valvee played for Haka, Vasalunds, HJK Helsinki and Pallo-Iirot. His youth club was Euran Pallo. Valvee played 47 caps for Finland. Valvee scored a game-winning goal against Northern Ireland in a 1986 FIFA World Cup qualification match.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
People from Eura
Finnish footballers
Finland international footballers
Association football forwards
FC Haka players
Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi players
Vasalunds IF players
Sportspeople from Satakunta
Grantham College is a further education and Sixth Form college in Grantham, Lincolnshire, England.
History
Construction
Air Chief Marshal Arthur Longmore lived at Elsham House from about 1920; his daughter Janet was mother of Tony Worth, whose father Sqn Ldr George Worth MBE stood as the Conservative candidate in the 1945 Grantham election. Elsham House was sold by auction on Wednesday 17 October 1945 for £5,334 to Grantham Technical College, and it was hoped to open the college by September 1947, but it would be open by at least 1948. The house, and squash court, were converted to classrooms in 1948 for £8,500. In 1949 £33,000 was spent on new workshops for engineering and gas fitting and classrooms.
Main building began in 1952, and it became Grantham College for Further Education. The building was officially opened on Tuesday 8 September 1959 by the conservationist Sir Peter Scott. Building had cost £252,031 and equipment had cost £52,377.
Education across Grantham
In the early 1970s there were advanced proposals by Kesteven County Council (based in Sleaford) to abolish the eleven-plus selection system in the Grantham area and use Grantham College as the only sixth form in the town. Mary Large, the Chairman of the Kesteven Education Committee, said that more young people preferred to go to college rather than stay in a school sixth form because of the 'more adult atmosphere'. In 1973 the Education Secretary, Margaret Thatcher, had to approve the plan, which involved converting her former school, Kesteven and Grantham Girls' School, into a mixed comprehensive. It was not approved.
In April 1974 control of the college passed from Kesteven to Lincolnshire County Council in Lincoln. Later, in 1979, it became Grantham College of Further Education. In the early 1990s control passed to the Further Education Funding Council for England, then to the East Midlands Learning and Skills Council based at Leicester. Also in the early 1990s the college name was shortened to Grantham College, and became an Associate College of Nottingham Trent University. It is now an Associate College of the University of Bedfordshire, and Bishop Grosseteste University College, and through these it offers HND, HNC, and Foundation degree courses.
The college was never officially a fully developed sixth form college, although used for that purpose; in 2008 a purpose-built sixth form college opened in Grantham at the Walton Girls High School.
From September 2010 the College provided for equestrian courses at The Paddocks Equestrian Centre at Hough-on-the-Hill, a village to the north of Grantham.
Structure
Grantham College's Elsham House building was built by Richard Hornsby & Sons in the 1860s. The college has 77 residential places in Sedgwick Hall and Sedgwick Mews halls of residence. A satellite to Grantham College is Sleaford College, in the nearby town of Sleaford.
Grantham College is accessed via the A1 and East Coast Main Line, and the A52 from the east. However, most college usage is by those who live in close proximity. Similar education is available further north from Grantham, at Lincoln College's sites in Lincoln and Newark-on-Trent, and to east at Boston College in Boston. The other nearby Lincolnshire towns of Spalding and Bourne do not have FE colleges.
Notable alumni
Beverley Allitt - Serial killer nurse.
W. Alec Osborn MBE – president from 2006-7 of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, and former Chief Engineer of Perkins Engines
Abi Titmuss, acquired a Grade D in Science in society AS-level, in August 1995
See also
New College Stamford - the other FE college in South Kesteven
References
External links
Grantham College – Official website
"Grantham College in Sleaford", Grantham College. Retrieved 8 July 2013
"Grantham College", EduBase2. Retrieved 8 July 2013
Further education colleges in Lincolnshire
Educational institutions established in 1948
Buildings and structures in Grantham
1948 establishments in England
Education in Grantham
The Las Vegas Outlaws were an American football team in the XFL. They played in the Western Division with the Los Angeles Xtreme, San Francisco Demons and Memphis Maniax. They played their home games at Sam Boyd Stadium. On February 3, 2001, The Outlaws hosted the first nationally televised XFL game on NBC against the New York/New Jersey Hitmen.
History
Before the 2001 season began there was already question if Las Vegas could support a professional sports team due to past failed attempts with: Las Vegas Americans (Soccer-MISL- 1984-85), Las Vegas Dustdevils (Soccer-CISL-1994-1995), Las Vegas Posse (Football-CFL-1994) Las Vegas Quicksilvers (Soccer-NASL-1976-1978), Las Vegas Seagulls (Soccer-ASL-1979), Las Vegas Sting (Football-Arena Football League-1994-1995) and Las Vegas Thunder (IHL-1993-1999) The Outlaws were sponsored by Cox Communications, New York-New York Hotel & Casino, Station Casinos, PacifiCare Health Systems and Findlay Toyota. Just like the Posse (and the later Locomotives), the Outlaws had a difficult time selling tickets. For the home opener against the Hitmen 13,700 tickets were sold for a stadium that seats 36,000. There were only 7,000 estimated season ticket holders. Compared to the rest of the league, the Outlaws' attendance was about average, at 22,000 fans per game. They were one of two teams (the league-leading San Francisco Demons being the other) to consistently play in a stadium that was more than half full. The league-leading defense, led by Defensive Coordinator Mark Criner, was nicknamed "The Dealers of Doom."
Players
Among the team's players were the XFL's most well-known, Rod Smart (later with the National Football League's Philadelphia Eagles, Carolina Panthers, and the Oakland Raiders), who went by the nickname of "He Hates Me", which appeared on the back of his jersey. (He was originally going to put "They Hate Me", but there wasn't enough room.) Coached by former Boise State and Scottish Claymores head coach Jim Criner, the Outlaws competed in the XFL's only season, held in the spring of 2001. The team encouraged their fans to come up with a nickname. They selected the "Dealers of Doom Defense". After a strong start, the Outlaws suffered repeated injuries to their quarterbacks (by the midpoint of the season they were on their fourth-string quarterback) and lost their last three games to finish in last place in the division with a record of 4-6-0, just one game out of a playoff spot.
Despite having a two-year contract, NBC announced shortly after the season that it was getting out, as the season's later games had garnered the lowest ratings for a major American television network since the Nielsen ratings had begun tracking them, and the league folded shortly afterwards.
The team was the centerpiece of the 2003 book about the XFL, Long Bomb: How the XFL Became TV's Biggest Fiasco. It was written by Brett Forrest of Details magazine.
Notable Las Vegas Outlaws players
87 Werner (Verne) Hippler, a German-born tight end who played 11 years in the NFL Europe League and has also been on the practice squads of the San Diego Chargers and Detroit Lions.
10 Mike Cawley (James Madison) - The quarterback played in the NFL for five seasons with four teams, a season in the CFL with two teams, a season in NFLE with the Amsterdam Admirals, and one year with the Af2 Quad City Steamwheelers.
81 Todd Floyd (UNLV) - The wide receiver played for the Frankfurt Galaxy of NFLE and was on the preseason rosters of the Jacksonville Jaguars and Buffalo Bills.
22 Chrys Chukwuma(Arkansas) -The running back was briefly on the Dallas Cowboys' roster.
30 Rod Smart (WKU) - "He Hates Me" would go on to become the first former XFL player to appear in a Super Bowl: Super Bowl XXXVIII for the Panthers.
82 Mike Furrey (Ohio State/Northern Iowa) - Like Smart, the receiver has enjoyed a long NFL career.
17 Paul McCallum - Kicker who played for NFLE's Scottish Claymores. Most recently played in 2016 as a member of the BC Lions franchise, in the Canadian Football League; McCallum was the last active former XFL player in any professional league.
92 Kelvin T.G. Kinney (Virginia State) - The defensive end has spent time with the Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins.
31 Kelly Herndon (Toledo) - The cornerback later landed with the Seattle Seahawks. In Super Bowl XL, he returned an interception for a then record of 76 yards. Since then it has been broken by Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker James Harrison.
16 Mark Grieb - The quarterback would go on to win two ArenaBowls with the San Jose SaberCats. In the XFL, Grieb only got his chance when the starting quarterback Ryan Clement was injured.
Season-by-season
|-
|2001 || 4 || 6 || 0 || 4th Western || --
|}
Schedule
Regular season
Personnel
Staff
Standings
Team leaders
Rushing yards: 555, Rod "He Hates Me" Smart
Receiving yards: 273, Yo Murphy
Passing yards: 804, Ryan Clement
References
American football teams in the Las Vegas Valley
XFL (2001) teams
2001 establishments in Nevada
2001 disestablishments in Nevada
American football teams in Nevada
Sam Boyd Stadium
The McLeod River is a river in the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, flowing northeast into the north end of McLeod Lake.
References
Rivers of British Columbia
Cariboo Land District
The International Computer Archive of Modern and Medieval English (ICAME) is an international group of linguists and data scientists working in corpus linguistics to digitise English texts. The organisation was founded in Oslo, Norway in 1977 as the International Computer Archive of Modern English, before being renamed to its current title.
The portal to their materials is hosted at the University of Bergen, where they have set out the aim of the organization to "collect and distribute information on English language material available for computer processing and on linguistic research to compile an archive of English text corpora in machine-readable form, and to make material available to research institutions." Creating computer corpora, i.e. collections of texts in machine-readable form, is the most accessible way to study both transcribed spoken language and various genres of written texts for modern scholars, including both "descriptive and more theoretically-minded linguists".
The ICAME group hosts academic conferences that focus on corpus linguistic studies of historical changes and contemporary grammatical descriptions of English, and makes corpora of different varieties of English available to scholars, starting with editions of the 1960s Brown Corpus. Their first academic conference was held in Bergen, Norway in 1979, and scholars who were interested in corpus linguistics continued to meet each spring in different European and English-speaking countries. At these meetings, the compilation and distribution of corpora they enabled played a key role in the creation of the field of corpus linguistics in the 20th century, a precursor to current big data analytics. In summarizing the field, Kennedy's Introduction to Corpus Linguistics notes that "for corpus linguists with an interest in the description of English, the International Computer Archive of Modern and Medieval English has been the major resource". The influence of ICAME on the field has also been laid out in Facchinetti's history, Corpus Linguistics Twenty-five Years On.
One influential resource that ICAME made available was a CD of 20 different corpora, including those covering different regional Englishes (such as the Australian Corpus of English, the Wellington Corpus of Spoken New Zealand English, the Kolhapur Corpus of Indian English, the Bergen Corpus of London Teenage Language (COLT), the Helsinki Corpus of Older Scots, and the International Corpus of English—East-African component), as well as versions of the Brown Corpus and the Lancaster-Bergen-Oslo (LOB) corpus tagged for part of speech.
ICAME also published an annual journal, the ICAME Journal, formerly ICAME News, that contains articles, conference reports, reviews and notices related to corpus linguistics. The current editors of the ICAME Journal are Merja Kytö and Anna-Brita Stenström.
References
Further reading
Leech, Geoffrey and Stig Johansson. 2009. "The coming of ICAME," ICAME Journal 33: 5-20. http://eprints.lancs.ac.uk/35628/
Leech, Geoffrey. 2013. "The Development of ICAME and the Brown Family of Corpora."
Corpus linguistics
Applied linguistics
English corpora
Linguistic research institutes
Full-text scholarly online databases
Corpora
Bandar Bera (or Bera Town / Bandar Kerayong) is a town and district capital of Bera District, Pahang, Malaysia.
Facilities
Bera district mosque
Bera District and Land Office
Majlis Daerah Bera (MDB) main headquarters
Food and beverage
McDonald's
Marrybrown
KFC
Pizza Hut Delivery
Mart
TF Value-Mart
Pasaraya AGRO Kerayong
Pasaraya Borong Sakan
Big 10 Super Store
TMG Mart
Pasaraya Ekonomi Berjaya
Pasaraya Ku
Pasaraya CY
Pasaraya Borong Budget Warehouse
Kedai Serbaneka Eco RM 2
Mukmin Mart
Hotel
Pentagon Inn Hotel
GS Bera Hotel
ATM
CIMB Bank
Maybank
Bank Rakyat
Public Bank
References
Bera District
Towns in Pahang
is a Japanese video game composer who is primarily known for his work in shoot 'em up games. He has worked with game companies such as Allumer, NMK, Raizing and Cave. In October 2002, Namiki, Hitoshi Sakimoto, and Masaharu Iwata founded Basiscape. The trio had worked for NMK for sound production under the title "Santarou" before the employment, so he started to assume the handle when appearing on the chiptune scene and performed live at the Japan Chiptune Tour 2004. He is currently the sound director at M2.
Works
Super Space Fortress Macross (1992)
Thunder Dragon 2 (1993)
Bomb Jack Twin (1993)
Super Space Fortress Macross II (1993)
America Oudan Ultra Quiz 4 (1993)
Quiz Panicuru Fantasy (1994)
Zed Blade (1994)
P-47 Aces (1995)
Desert War (1995)
Battle Garegga (1996)
Bloody Roar (1997) - with various others
Shinshuku Taisen: It's a Noni! (1997)
Armed Police Batrider (1998) - with Kenichi Koyano and Hitoshi Sakimoto
Bloody Roar 2 (1999) - with Masaharu Iwata, Kenichi Koyano, and Jin Watanabe
Brave Blade (2000)
DokiDoki Sasete!! (2001)
DoDonPachi DaiOuJou (2002)
Digital Monsters: D Project (2002)
Digi Charat: Digi Communication (2002)
Ketsui: Kizuna Jigoku Tachi (2003)
DoDonPuchi Zero (2003)
Bike Banditz (2003)
Mushihimesama (2004) - with Masaharu Iwata
Digi Communication 2 in 1 Datou! Black Gemagema Dan (2004) - with Masaharu Iwata and Kenichi Koyano
Battle B-Daman (2004) - with Kenichi Koyano, Kimihiro Abe, and Masaharu Iwata
Kuusen II (2004) - with Masaharu Iwata
Fullmetal Alchemist: Dream Carnival (2004) - with Masaharu Iwata and Mitsuhiro Kaneda
Espgaluda II (2005) - with Mitsuhiro Kaneda
Jikuu Bouken Zentrix (2005) - with Masaharu Iwata
Bleach: Heat the Soul (2005) - with Mitsuhiro Kaneda and Yoshihiro Kanata
Bleach: Heat the Soul 2 (2005) - with Mitsuhiro Kaneda, Kimihiro Abe, and Hitoshi Sakimoto
Zoids: Full Metal Crash (2005) - with various others
Metal Slug 6 (2006) - with Mitsuhiro Kaneda
Mushihimesama Futari (2006) - with Kimihiro Abe
Battle Stadium D.O.N (2006) - with Kimihiro Abe, Kenichi Koyano, Masaharu Iwata, and Mitsuhiro Kaneda
Sega Ages 2500 Vol. 28 Tetris Collection (2006) - with Kimihiro Abe
Digimon Savers: Another Mission (2006) - with Hitoshi Sakimoto and Masaharu Iwata
Fantasy Earth: Zero (2006) - with Kenichi Koyano, Hitoshi Sakimoto, and Masaharu Iwata
Bleach: Heat the Soul 3 (2006) - with Mitsuhiro Kaneda, Kimihiro Abe, and Masaharu Iwata
Deathsmiles (2007)
Shijou Saikyou no Deshi Kenichi: Gekitou! Ragnarok Hachikengou (2007) - with Noriyuki Kamikura
Odin Sphere (2007) - with Hitoshi Sakimoto, Masaharu Iwata, Kimihiro Abe, and Mitsuhiro Kaneda
Beatmania IIDX 13: DistorteD (PlayStation 2 version) (2007) - "Shoot 'Em All"
Bleach: Heat the Soul 4 (2007) - with Mitsuhiro Kaneda and Kimihiro Abe
Twinbee Portable (2007)
Eyeshield 21: Field Saikyou no Senshi Tachi (2007) - with Masaharu Iwata, Mitsuhiro Kaneda, Kimihiro Abe, and Noriyuki Kamikura
Opoona (2007) - with Hitoshi Sakimoto, Masaharu Iwata, Mitsuhiro Kaneda, Kimihiro Abe, and Noriyuki Kamikura
Doraemon Wii (2007) - with Masaharu Iwata, Mitsuhiro Kaneda, Kimihiro Abe, and Noriyuki Kamikura
Konami Arcade Collection (2007)
Namco Museum DS (2007)
TwinBee Da!! (PSP Remake) (2007)
Fate/unlimited codes (2008)
DoDonPachi DaiFukkatsu (2008)
Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2 (2008) - with Noriyuki Kamikura
Gradius ReBirth (2008)
Fantasy Zone II: The Tears of Opa-Opa (System 16 remake) (2008)
Contra ReBirth (2009)
Castlevania: The Adventure ReBirth (2009)
Deathsmiles II (2009) - with Noriyuki Kamikura and Yoshimi Kudo
Z.H.P. Unlosing Ranger VS Darkdeath Evilman (2010) - with various others
Busou Shinki: Battle Masters (2010) - with Noriyuki Kamikura, Yoshimi Kudo, and Naoyuki Sato
DoDonPachi DaiFukkatsu: Black Label (2011) - with Yoshimi Kudo, Noriyuki Kamikura, and Azusa Chiba
Otomedius Excellent (2011) - with various others
Tekken: Blood Vengeance (2011) - with various others
Half-Minute Hero: The Second Coming (2011) - with various others
Black Rock Shooter: The Game (2011)
Busou Shinki: Battle Masters Mk. 2 (2011) - "Introduction"
DoDonPachi SaiDaiOuJou (2012)
Kokuga (2012)
Caladrius (2013) - with Yoshimi Kudo and Azusa Chiba
3D OutRun (2014) - "Cruising Line"
Mirror War: Reincarnation of Holiness (2014) - with Maki Kirioka and Motoi Sakuraba
Super Smash Bros. for Wii U (2014) - arrangements with various others
Sega 3D Fukkoku Archives (2014)
Sega 3D Fukkoku Archives 2 (2015)
Sega 3D Fukkoku Archives 3: Final Stage (2015)
Galaxy Voyager (2018) with various others
16bit Rhythm Land (2019) with various others
Gimmick! exAct * Mix (2020) - arrangement
GG Aleste 3 (2020)
References
External links
Official website
1971 births
Chiptune musicians
Japanese composers
Japanese dance musicians
Japanese electronica musicians
Japanese male composers
Japanese techno musicians
Living people
People from Funabashi
Video game composers
Heart is a 2006 Indonesian film directed by Hanny R Saputra and starring Nirina Zubir, Irwansyah and Acha Septriasa. The film's soundtrack features the popular duet "My Heart" between Irwansyah and Acha Septriasa, which won Best Song at the MTV Indonesia Movie Awards in 2006. Heart also won Most Favourite Movie and Most Favourite Heart Melting Moment at the awards show.
Plot
Heart is the story of childhood friends Rachel (Nirina Zubir) and Farel (Irwansyah). When Farel confesses he has fallen for new girl Luna (Acha Septriasa) Rachel's jealousy and anger results in a horrific accident. Rachel finds herself in the same hospital as Luna who is suffering from a heart condition and she witnesses the extent of Farel and Luna's love for each other. Now Rachel must decide if she can make the ultimate sacrifice for her best friend and the man she loves.
Cast
Nirina Zubir - Rachel
Irwansyah - Farel
Acha Septriasa - Luna
Rachel Amanda - little Rachel
Irshadi Bagas - little Farel
Ari Sihasale - Adam (Luna's father)
Unique Priscilla - Rahayu (Rachel's mother)
Soundtrack
The Soundtrack of this film that has been recorded in Jakarta and Beijing for the Soundtrack could be an Indonesian artists and Score that played by the China Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Aksan Sjuman.
Track listing
Songs
Scores
External links
Review at Cinema Online Singapore
2006 films
Films shot in Indonesia
2000s Indonesian-language films
Indonesian drama films
2006 drama films
Remakes of Indonesian films
Films scored by Melly Goeslaw
Films scored by Anto Hoed
Films directed by Hanny Saputra
The Local Government Act 1888 (51 & 52 Vict. c.41) was an Act of Parliament which established county councils and county borough councils in England and Wales. It came into effect on 1 April 1889, except for the County of London, which came into existence on 21 March at the request of the London County Council.
The Bill
Following the 1886 general election, a Conservative administration headed by Lord Salisbury was formed. However the Conservatives did not have a majority of seats and had to rely on the support of the Liberal Unionist Party. As part of the price for this support the Liberal Unionists demanded that a bill be introduced placing county government under the control of elected councils, modelled on the borough councils introduced by the Municipal Corporations Act 1835.
Accordingly, the Local Government (England and Wales) Bill was introduced to the House of Commons on 19 March 1888, by the President of the Local Government Board, Charles Ritchie. The Bill proposed the creation of elected county councils to take over the administrative functions of the magistrates of the Quarter Sessions courts, that ten large cities should be "counties of themselves" for the purposes of local government and that each county was to be divided into urban and rural districts, based on existing sanitary districts, governed by a district council. The county and district councils were to consist partly of directly elected "elective councillors" and partly of "selected councillors", chosen by the elective councillors in a similar manner to aldermen in municipal boroughs.
The counties to be used for local government were to be the historic counties of England and Wales. A county council was to be formed for each of the ridings of Yorkshire and the three divisions of Lincolnshire (Holland, Kesteven and Lindsey). In addition a new County of London was to be formed from the area of the Metropolitan Board of Works. This would have led to the creation of fifty-seven county councils. The boundaries of the counties were to be those used for parliamentary purposes, adjusted to include urban sanitary districts on county borders within a single county.
The ten cities to be "dealt with as separate counties" were Liverpool, Birmingham, Manchester, Leeds, Sheffield, Bristol, Bradford, Nottingham, Kingston-on-Hull, and Newcastle upon Tyne.
Existing urban and rural sanitary districts, created in 1872, were to be redesignated as urban and rural districts. Urban districts that lay across county boundaries were to be included in the county with the greater part of the population in the 1881 census. Existing rural sanitary districts were to split on county lines to form rural districts.
Passage through Parliament
There were a large number of changes to the Bill as it passed through parliament. The terms administrative county and county borough were introduced to designate the new areas of local government, while the "selected councillors" became "county aldermen". The government withdrew the sections relating to the creation of district councils, which were eventually brought into existence by the Local Government Act 1894.
Members of both houses made representations on behalf of counties and boroughs, and this led to an increase in the number of local authorities.
The eastern and western divisions of Sussex became administrative counties
The Isle of Ely was separated from Cambridgeshire
The eastern and western divisions of Suffolk were divided for local government purposes.
The Soke of Peterborough was separated from the remainder of Northamptonshire.
Attempts to create administrative counties for the Cinque Ports and Staffordshire Potteries were not successful.
The population limit for county boroughs was lowered twice, firstly to 100,000, then to 50,000. A number of smaller counties corporate were also given county borough status. Mr Ritchie conceded on 8 June:
"Now that they had gone down so far in population as 50,000 there arose a question as to the admission of boroughs which had not so large a population as 50,000, but which had very peculiar claims. He referred to the counties of cities. [...] Two or three of these cities had so small a population that he did not propose to deal with them in this way. The best course was to give the names of the cities which he proposed to include. They were Exeter, Lincoln, Chester, Gloucester, Worcester, and Canterbury."
The effect of these changes was to increase the number of county boroughs from ten to fifty-nine. With a population of around 50,000 at the 1881 census, the City of London was initially proposed for county borough status.
County councils
The councils were subject to triennial elections, the first taking place in January 1889. The county councils elected in 1889 were known as "provisional" councils until coming into their powers on 1 April. Every administrative county was divided into electoral divisions, each returning a single councillor. Following the election, the county councillors then elected county aldermen, there being one alderman for every three councillors. The London County Council had a different constitution, with two councillors elected for each parliamentary constituency in the county, and a ratio of one alderman to six councillors. The councillors appointed a chairman and vice chairman, who had a one-year term of office, although they could be reappointed.
Powers
The powers and responsibilities transferred from the quarter sessions to the councils were enumerated in the Act. These included:
Making and levying of rates
Borrowing of money
Passing of county accounts
Maintenance and construction of county buildings such as shire halls, county halls, court houses and police stations
Licensing of places of entertainment and of race courses
Provisions of asylums for pauper lunatics
Establishment and maintenance of reformatory and industrial schools
Repair of county roads and bridges
Appointment, dismissal and setting of salaries for county officers
Division of the county into polling places for parliamentary elections, and the provision of polling stations
Control of contagious diseases in animals, and of destructive insects
Fish conservancy and control of wild birds
Weights and measures
County borough corporations also exercised these powers, in addition to those of a municipal borough.
Standing joint committees
Control of the county police was to be exercised jointly by the quarter sessions and the county council through a standing joint committee. The committees were replaced by police authorities by the Police Act 1964.
Counties for other purposes
The Act also ensured that the boundaries used for what it terms "non-administrative purposes" would be synchronised with the borders between the administrative counties. The non-administrative purposes were stated to be "sheriff, lieutenant, custos rotulorum, justices, militia, coroner, or other", thus approximating to the functions of modern ceremonial counties.
The counties of Cambridgeshire, Lincolnshire, Northamptonshire, Suffolk, Sussex and Yorkshire were undivided so far as they were one county at the passing of the Act. The three ridings of Yorkshire and the three parts of Lincolnshire therefore retained their status.
County boroughs were to be administrative counties of themselves. The Act provided that each county borough that had previously been part of a county (i.e., was not a county corporate) should continue to be part of that county for non-administrative purposes. If a county borough did not have a separate commission of assize, oyer and terminer and jury service, or gaol delivery, it was deemed to be part of one or more adjoining counties for those purposes. The Act also provided for certain financial adjustments between county boroughs and adjoining counties.
The Act did not in terms affect the status of cities and towns which were counties corporate. Most of the counties corporate became county boroughs and therefore administrative counties of themselves, but while other county boroughs continued to be part of their existing counties for all other purposes, that did not apply to existing counties corporate. Those that did not become county boroughs became part of adjacent administrative counties but retained their existing lieutenancies and shrievalties.
Other provisions
Under section 48 of the Act all liberties and franchises, with the exception of those that became separate administrative counties, merged with the county they formed part of for parliamentary elections. The Cinque Ports, together with "the two ancient towns and their members" (which for some purposes, such as lieutenancy, were considered a distinct county), were to become part of the county where they were situated. Section 49 allowed for the creation by provisional order of a council for the "Scilly Islands" to be established as a unitary authority outside the administrative county of Cornwall. This was duly formed in 1890 as the Isles of Scilly Rural District.
List of administrative counties and county boroughs created in 1889
England
† From 1 April 1890 the Isle of Wight was separated from the County of Hampshire to form an administrative county.
†† From 1890 the Scilly Isles were separated from the County of Cornwall for administrative purposes
‡ Newport became a county borough in 1891
Wales
Towns on county boundaries
A number of urban sanitary districts lay in more than one county. In each case, county boundaries were altered so that each town lay entirely within the administrative county that contained the largest part of the district's population in the 1881 census.
See also
History of local government in England
History of local government in Wales
References
Local government in the United Kingdom
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1888
Local government legislation in England and Wales
Roads in the United Kingdom
Transport policy in the United Kingdom
London County Council
Metropolitan Board of Works
John P. Seiler (born May 27, 1963) is an American politician and 41st Mayor of Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Prior to this he was a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives, from 2000 to 2008 representing District 92 which is located in Broward County, Florida.
Political career
Wilton Manors
Seiler moved to Wilton Manors, Florida, around 1988. Seiler served as city council member and then vice mayor of Wilton Manors from 1993 to 1998. In 1998, Seiler was elected mayor of Wilton Manors, defeating incumbent King Wilkinson who had been accused of making homophobic comments.
Fort Lauderdale
Seiler was a candidate to succeed term-limited Jim Naugle in the 2009 mayoral election for Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He was elected February 10, 2009, winning against three opponents with more than 57 percent of the vote, avoiding a run-off election. Analysis of the race suggests Seiler won because of high name recognition and strong fundraising that exceeded $250,000. Seiler was sworn in March 17, 2009.
On January 31, 2012, Seiler was reelected with 75% of the vote in a three-way race.
In 2015 he was again reelected.
Homeless initiatives
In November 2014, Seiler received nationwide attention; reports that Arnold Abbott, a 90-year-old World War II veteran had been arrested for feeding the homeless in public, in Fort Lauderdale went viral. The New York Times reported that "Fort Lauderdale, despite a reputation for being more progressive than most Florida cities on homelessness, passed a series of measures that surprised and drew the ire of homeless activists." The measure further restricting food distribution in public places but loosened restrictions on feeding in private or religious buildings. Other new measures tightened restrictions on panhandling, having property and sleeping in public, but the Mayor says his city is not harsh on homeless people, reported the Times. While video available on YouTube shows Arnold Abbott and ministers being taken away in police custody, the Mayor states that Mr Arnold had not been arrested, but rather was detained, cited, and ordered to appear in court. Those cited face possible jail time and have taken the city to court to fight the ordinance.
References
External links
Follow the Money - John P. Seiler
2006 2004 2002 2000 State Representative campaign contributions
1963 births
Florida Democrats
Florida lawyers
Living people
Mayors of Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
University of Miami School of Law alumni
University of Notre Dame alumni
21st-century American politicians
People from Wilton Manors, Florida
Tavonga Kuleya (born 15 June 2004) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger for FC United of Manchester on loan from EFL League One club Doncaster Rovers.
Career
He made his professional debut with Doncaster Rovers in a 3–2 EFL Trophy win over Scunthorpe United on 11 November 2021, assisting his side's first goal in the win.
In September 2022, Kuleya joined Northern Premier League Premier Division club FC United of Manchester on a one-month loan deal.
Personal life
Born in England, Kuleya is of Zimbabwean descent.
References
External links
2004 births
Living people
English people of Zimbabwean descent
European sportspeople of Zimbabwean descent
English footballers
Association football wingers
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
F.C. United of Manchester players
Black British sportspeople
Robert Hunter Nugen (July 16, 1809 – February 28, 1872) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1861 to 1863, during the American Civil War.
Biography
Born near Hallidays Cove, Washington County, Pennsylvania, Nugen moved to Ohio in 1811 with his parents, who settled in Columbiana County, Ohio. He received a limited education. He moved to Tuscarawas County in 1828 and engaged in agricultural pursuits, as well as being a contractor for some time. He held several local political offices and was delegate to the Democratic National Convention at Charleston in 1860.
Congress
Nugen was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1861 - March 3, 1863).
Death
Retiring from politics, Nugen was the superintendent of the Ohio Canal until his death in Newcomerstown, Ohio, on February 28, 1872. He was interred in Newcomerstown Cemetery.
References
Retrieved on 2009-5-11
1809 births
1872 deaths
People from Washington County, Pennsylvania
People from Tuscarawas County, Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Ibrahim IV was a titled Sultan of the Kanuri state of Bornu from 1820-1846. He was one of the last rulers from the Sefawa ruling dynasty.
Life
Ibrahim's father, and previous ruler of Bornu, had called on Muhammad al-Amin al-Kanemi or El-Kanemi, an Islamic scholar and warrior, to help him fight against the Fulanis and their leader Goni Mukhtar. The two were able to push back the Fulanis from much of Bornu. In the process, El-Kanemi grew powerful and was a threat to the ruling Sefawa dynasty which had produced Ibrahim and his father, Dunama IX Lefiami. Dunama was later killed in a failed putsch to murder El-Kanemi. His son, Ibrahim succeeded him.
When El-Kanemi died in 1837, he was succeeded by his son, Umar. Ibrahim and Umar became enmeshed in a battle of supremacy and they renewed hostilities between the Kanemis and the Sefawas. Ibrahim hatched a plan to kill Umar by inviting an external army from Wadai under the command of the Sultan of Wadai. However, Umar knew about the plan before had and killed Ibrahim before fleeing Bornu, continuing the assault on the Safawa dynasty.
Rulers of the Bornu Empire
19th-century monarchs in Africa
The Recovering America's Wildlife Act (RAWA) is a bill in the United States Congress intended to provide funding for the conservation of wildlife in the United States. The House of Representatives passed it by 231–190 on June 14, 2022, but it has not yet passed the Senate or been signed into law.
Legislative history
Versions of the legislation have been proposed since at least 2016. In the House of Representatives, the bill was first introduced in the 117th Congress on April 22, 2021, by lead sponsor Representative Debbie Dingell (D-MI). The lead Republican sponsor was Jeff Fortenberry, who resigned from the House on March 31, 2022. The House passed it by 231–190 on June 14, 2022.
The lead sponsor in the Senate is Martin Heinrich (D-NM) and the lead Republican sponsor Roy Blunt (R-MO). The act has 32 co-sponsors in the Senate, including 16 Republicans. In late 2021, it was successfully voted out of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee with bipartisan support.
It is supported by the Biden White House, which released a statement on June 13, 2022, urging adoption of the bill. It is also supported by major environmental organizations such as Audubon, the WWF, and The Nature Conservancy. More than 1,000 advocacy groups have backed the legislation.
Provisions
The bill would provide $1.3 billion in annual funding for conservation efforts aimed at supporting at-risk, endangered, and other species. It would amend the 1937 Pittman-Robertson Act, which supported species targeted by game hunters and sportsmen. The modern act would allocate 15% of that spending towards endangered species. It would also direct nearly $100 million annually to tribal nations to support conservation work on about 140 million acres of land.
The bill would be funded primarily through fees and penalties authorized by environmental regulations, which has raised concerns that the required funds may not always be reliably available. The House-approved version of the bill was anticipated to raise the deficit by $14.1 billion by 2032, ten years after passage. As the bill was considered in the Senate, conservation organizations urged its combination with the Charitable Conservation Easement Program Integrity Act, designed to eliminate tax breaks for fraudulent conservation easements, which would likely cover the costs of the RAWA.
References
United States federal environmental legislation
Environmentalism in the United States
Proposed legislation of the 117th United States Congress
Polchishte is a village in Municipality of Prilep. It used to be part of the former municipality of Vitolište.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 31 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 31
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
St John's Church, Stretton is the Church of England parish church of Stretton, South Staffordshire.
History
The chancel is 12th century. The nave and transepts were rebuilt in 1860 to designs by the architect Edward Banks. The church is a Grade II* listed building.
Team ministry
The parish is part of the Penkridge Team which includes the following churches:
St James' church, Acton Trussell
All Saints' church, Bednall
St Lawrence's church, Coppenhall
St Leonard's church, Dunston
St Michael's church, Penkridge
Levedale Mission, Penkridge
St Modena's church, Pillaton
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in South Staffordshire
Listed buildings in Lapley, Stretton and Wheaton Aston
References
Church of England church buildings in Staffordshire
Churches completed in 1860
Grade II* listed churches in Staffordshire
Dave Duggan (born 1955, London, England) is an Irish novelist and dramatist.
Writing career
His novels are The Greening of Larry Mahon (2004), A Sudden Sun (2012), and Oak and Stone (2019). His book Related Lives: An Imagined Memoir (2016) is an unembellished retelling of the lives of the deceased members of his working-class family, drawing on imagination to fill any factual gaps.
His stage plays include Spike Dreams (2003), Bubbles in the Hot-Tub (2007), Doctor Watt's Squeezebox (2008), Still, The Blackbird Sings (2010), Makaronik (2014), Denizen (2015) and Gruagairí (2007), for which he was awarded a Stewart Parker Trust / BBC Award. He received a Major Arts Award from The Arts Council of Northern Ireland in 2010.
His work in Irish includes the novel Makaronik (2018) and the on-line drama series Comhairleoirí (2011).
Between 1996 and 2007, he wrote and directed plays for Sole Purpose Productions, published as Plays in a Peace Process (2008).
He also wrote the screenplay for the 1996 Oscar-nominated, live-action short film Dance Lexie Dance.
Personal life
He was born in London, the eldest child of Irish parents Eddie and Margaret (née Spillane) Duggan. The family returned to Ireland in 1963 and settled in his parents' home city of Waterford, where he attended local schools. He studied physics at University College Dublin.
Soon after graduating, he worked as a volunteer teacher for two years in the Malaysian state of Sabah on the island of Borneo, which is the setting of his first novel, The Greening of Larry Mahon. Following that, he worked as director of a volunteer programme in The Gambia for two years, where he met Diane Traynor, whom he married in 1981. They settled in Derry, Northern Ireland, where he is still based.
References
1955 births
Living people
Irish male novelists
Irish male dramatists and playwrights
Writers from London
Alumni of University College Dublin
People from Waterford (city)
Irish screenwriters
21st-century Irish dramatists and playwrights
Irish male screenwriters
Irish expatriates in Malaysia
Writers from Derry (city)
21st-century Irish novelists
Irish expatriates in the Gambia
21st-century Irish screenwriters
The Val Taleggio () is an Alpine valley in the Italian region of Lombardy, split between the provinces of Bergamo and Lecco. It is a western fork of the Val Brembana which begins in the commune of San Giovanni Bianco, in the Province of Bergamo.
The valley's river is the Enna which over the course of the centuries has gouged out a spectacular 3 km gorge between San Giovanni Bianco and Taleggio known as the Orrido della Val Taleggio (pictured, right). The valley is particularly known for the soft cows' milk cheese Taleggio which has been made here for many centuries.
Administrative divisions
The Val Taleggio comprises three communes:
Taleggio (Province of Bergamo), with the frazioni
Sottochiesa (the seat of the Municipio);
Peghera;
Olda;
Pizzino;
Vedeseta (Province of Bergamo), with the frazioni:
Avolasio;
Lavina;
Reggetto.
Morterone (Province of Lecco)
Road access
The Val Taleggio can be reached via three routes:
From the Val Brembana, passing through the Orrido della Val Taleggio;
From the Val Brembilla, passing through the communes of Brembilla and Gerosa and the Forcella di Bura mountain pass;
From the Valsassina, via Moggio and the Culmine di San Pietro mountain pass.
Valleys of the Alps
Valleys of Lombardy
United Nations Security Council resolution 1625, adopted unanimously at the 2005 World Summit on 14 September 2005, the Council adopted a declaration on the role of the Security Council in conflict prevention, particularly in Africa where many armed conflicts were taking place.
Resolution 1625, along with Resolution 1624 (2005), was adopted at a meeting of heads of state or government.
Declaration
Observations
The Security Council expressed "deep concern" at the human cost and material loses caused by armed conflict. It reaffirmed the importance of refraining from the threat or use of force in international relations, the need to adopt a conflict prevention strategy to address the root causes of conflict and crises, and to strengthen the role of the United Nations in preventing violent conflict and build partnerships between international and regional organisations.
The preamble of the declaration made reference to the African Union in particular, and its position on the unconstitutional changes of government on the continent. It also recognised the role of civil society in conflict prevention.
Acts
The resolution expressed the council's determination to enhance the effectiveness of the United Nations in preventing armed conflict, by:
(a) assessing developments in regions at risk of armed conflict and ask the Secretary-General to provide information;
(b) follow-up the preventative-diplomacy initiatives of the Secretary-General;
(c) supporting regional mediation initiatives;
(d) supporting capacities for early warning;
(e) requesting assistance from the United Nations Economic and Social Council;
(f) taking measures to tackle illicit arms trafficking and the use of mercenaries;
(g) enhancing institutions conducive to peace, stability and sustainable development;
(h) supporting African states to build independent judicial institutions.
Meanwhile, the secretary-general was required to provide information on potential armed conflicts to the council, particularly from Africa, assist countries at risk of conflict and promote regional conflict management initiatives.
The council stressed the importance of conflict prevention strategies to avoid a negative impact on security, economic, social, political and humanitarian sectors in countries facing crisis. A regional approach was also highlighted, particularly with regard to demobilisation, demilitarisation and reintegration, and action would be taken against the illegal exploitation of natural resources which fuelled conflict. Increased co-operation between the United Nations and regional or subregional organisations was also called for, in accordance with Chapter VIII of the United Nations Charter.
The latter half of the resolution addressed African nations. The council encouraged African states to African Union Non-Aggression and Common Defence Pact of 31 January 2005 and to work with the United Nations Secretariat and regional offices to implement measures for establishing peace, security, stability, democracy and sustainable development. Meanwhile, the international community was called upon to support African nations in the aforementioned objectives, and to develop the capacities of African regional and subregional organisations to deploy civilian and military assets when needed.
See also
Conflict resolution
List of ongoing military conflicts
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1601 to 1700 (2005–2006)
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
1625
September 2005 events
Tarralyn LaJuan Ramsey (born July 8, 1979) is an American gospel musician, songwriter and artist. She began her music career in 2000, with the release of the religious Tarralyn Ramsey album on Verity Records. This would be her Billboard magazine breakthrough release on the Gospel Albums chart. Following her win on the VH1 reality series Born to Diva in 2003, she signed with Casablanca Records and released her second album, Tarralyn which featured the Pop hit "Up Against All Odds".
Early life
Ramsey was born on July 8, 1979, as Tarralyn LaJuan Ramsey, in Melbourne, Florida, and was reared in the church by her parents, a bishop and a school teacher. She has a younger sister.
Music career
Early Gospel Beginnings
Her music career started in 2000, with the release of Tarralyn Ramsey by Verity Records on June 20, 2000. This album would be her breakthrough release on the Billboard magazine chart, which it placed at #12 on the Gospel Albums chart. The album would feature the Gospel hits "Tell It" and "Unconditional Love" and earn Ramsey a Stellar Award nomination for Best New Artist.
Born to Diva and Casablanca Records
After being with Verity for several years, Ramsey moved on in her career and in 2003 entered the VH1 Born to Diva competition reality show. She was announced the winner of the competition by Sharon Osbourne live onstage and on television at VH1 Divas Duets, and performed at the concert alongside headliners that included Whitney Houston, Beyoncé and Chaka Khan. Following the win, she signed with Casablanca/Universal Records under former Sony Music executive Tommy Mottola. Her sophomore album Tarralyn was released on June 8, 2004 and peaked at #59 on the Billboard R&B Albums chart. It was led by the single "Up Against All Odds" and her second single, "Baby U Know" featuring rapper Murphy Lee.
The success of the win, led her to be featured on Entertainment Tonight as well as magazines such as Vibe, Ebony, Jet, People, Seventeen and others. She promoted the album by opening for Mary J. Blige on her No More Drama Tour and as well as joining the Seventeen Magazine/Pantene's "Total You" Tour, "The BET College Tour" and others. Additionally, she has performed at such iconic venues such as Carnegie Hall and Rocket Nation.
The Voice, X-Factor and Going Independent
In 2009, by invitation, Ramsey was the first contestant on the new show called "The Voice", and performed Faith Hill's "Breathe". She was chosen to be on Christina Aguilera's team. She made it to the Battle Rounds, performing "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" with Frenchie Davis. After her elimination from the competition, she later released her third studio album Beyond the Darkness, a gospel album on her own independent label Taraprincel Records in 2009. The album was reviewed by Cross Rhythms magazine, where it received a seven out of ten rating.
In 2012, Ramsey auditioned for "The X Factor" and wowed judges Simon Cowell, L.A Reid, Britney Spears and Demi Lovato. She earned a "Yes" to move on in the competition. Simon said, "Where've you been hiding? That was incredible…. You have a sensational voice…. amazing", and Demi Lovato said, "You have one of the best voices I have heard in my entire life… I got chills on my arms and legs." Spears was moved to tears and L.A. Reid said that Tarralyn was "cut from the same cloth as Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston." Despite the acclaim and 4 "Yes" votes, she did not move on to the Bootcamp stage.
She later formed her own label, Nylarrat Ent. Group, and released a holiday EP titled 'Tis the Season for Miracles on December 10, 2014. Her new single "Love" was released that year as well. Another stand-alone single, "Hope" was released in 2016. Since then, she has followed up with two more studio albums, the holiday-themed releases O Holy Night (2017) and Winter Wonderland (2020).
Her latest single, "Jesus We Need You" premiered in April 2021.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
"Tell It" (2000)
"Unconditional Love" (2000)
"Up Against All Odds" (2003)
"Baby U Know" (with Murphy Lee) (2014)
"Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" (with Frenchie Davis) (2011)
"Breathe" (2011)
"The Christmas Song (Chestnuts)" (2013)
"Love" (2014)
"Hope" (2016)
"Jesus We Need You" (2021)
References
External links
Official website
1979 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Jacksonville, Florida
Songwriters from Florida
People from Melbourne, Florida
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Rancho Aptos was a Mexican land grant in present day Santa Cruz County, California given in 1833 by Governor José Figueroa to Rafael Castro. The grant on the Monterey Bay was immediately downcoast of his sister, Martina Castro's Rancho Soquel, and upcoast of his father, José Joaquín Castro's Rancho San Andrés. Rancho Aptos stretched from the area just to the west of Aptos Creek to parts of Nisene Marks and Day Valley in the north, and Rio del Mar to the east, including present day Aptos.
History
Rafael de Jesus Castro (1803–1878), son of José Joaquín Castro and Maria Antonia Amador, received the one and one half square league grant in 1833. Rafael Castro served in various minor official posts. He and his wife, Soledad Cota (1808–1889), were primarily cattle-ranchers. Rafael Castro built a wharf, five hundred feet long, to ship hides, flour, and lumber during the 1850s.
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War, the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored. As required by the Land Act of 1851, a claim for Rancho Aptos was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1853, and the grant was patented to Rafael Castro in 1860.
In 1867, Castro leased the wharf to Titus Hale, who extended it five hundred more feet into the sea. In the early 1870s, divorce actions were initiated by Soledad Castro. By 1872, Claus Spreckels, the sugar millionaire, began buying the land from Castro.
References
Aptos
Aptos
Aptos, California
Aptos
Aptos
Xiankang (咸康) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Xiankang (335–342), era name used by Emperor Cheng of Jin
Xiankang (925–926), era name used by Wang Zongyan, emperor of Former Shu
Horace Henry Alfred "Ossie" Pickworth (17 January 1918 – 23 September 1969) was a leading Australian professional golfer of the 1940s and 1950s, winner of three successive Australian Open titles from 1946 to 1948, the last of which came in a playoff against Jim Ferrier.
Pickworth was born in Sydney.
Unlike his contemporary Ferrier, who would enjoy great success on the U.S. PGA Tour, Pickworth travelled to play only infrequently, but when he did it was with some success - he played the British circuit in 1950 and finished third in the Order of Merit after winning the Irish Open, losing a three-way playoff for the Daily Mail Tournament and being runner-up in the Silver King Tournament.
Pickworth would collect a fourth Australian Open title in 1954, and was also a three-time winner of the Australian PGA Championship, in 1947, 1953 and 1955, among numerous professional victories on the Australian circuit.
Tournament wins (36)
this list may be incomplete
1946 Australian Open
1947 Australian Open, Australian PGA Championship, Ampol Tournament, Lakes Open, Dunlop Cup (Victoria)
1948 Australian Open, Victorian PGA Championship, Ampol Tournament (Apr), Ampol Tournament (Nov), Western Australian Open, Adelaide Advertiser Tournament, Victorian Close Championship, Dunlop Cup (Victoria), Peninsula £100 Pro Purse
1949 Ampol Tournament, Victoria Park Pro Purse, Dunlop Cup (Victoria)
1950 Irish Open, Victorian Close Championship, Dunlop Cup (Victoria)
1951 Ampol Tournament, Queensland Open, Dunlop Cup (Victoria)
1952 Queensland Open, Dunlop Cup (Victoria) (tie with Peter Thomson)
1953 Australian PGA Championship, Ampol Tournament
1954 Australian Open, Victorian PGA Championship, Victorian Close Championship, Liquor Industry £100 Tournament
1955 Australian PGA Championship, Victorian PGA Championship, Victorian Close Championship
1956 Victorian PGA Championship
1957 Victorian Open
Results in major championships
Note: Pickworth only played in The Open Championship.
CUT = missed the half-way cut
Team appearances
Canada Cup (representing Australia): 1953
Lakes International Cup (representing Australia): 1952, 1954 (winners)
Vicars Shield (representing New South Wales): 1946 (winners)
Vicars Shield (representing Victoria): 1947, 1948, 1949, 1951 (winners), 1952 (winners), 1953 (winners), 1954, 1955
References
Alliss, Peter: "The Who's Who of Golf" (1983), Orbis Publishing Ltd. .
External links
Australian Dictionary of Biography profile
Barrier Daily Truth article 3.9.1949
Australian male golfers
1918 births
1969 deaths
Zollie Kovacs (born c. 1935) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1957. He previously played football at and attended the University of Ottawa.
References
1935 births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
Herminio Díaz Zabala (born 12 December 1964) is a Spanish former professional racing cyclist. He rode in nine editions of the Tour de France, one edition of the Giro d'Italia and nine editions of the Vuelta a España.
Major results
1989
1st Stage 9 Vuelta a España
1991
1st Overall Tirreno–Adriatico
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
People from the Besaya Valley
Cyclists from Cantabria
2010 Kataller Toyama season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Kataller Toyama
Kataller Toyama seasons
Degrassi (season 1) may refer to:
Degrassi Junior High (season 1) airing 1987
Degrassi High (season 1) airing 1989-1990
Degrassi: The Next Generation (season 1), airing 2001–2002, renamed Degrassi in 2010
Degrassi: Next Class (season 1), airing 2016
Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead is a 2013 book encouraging women to assert themselves at work and at home, co-written by business executive Sheryl Sandberg and media writer Nell Scovell.
Synopsis, by chapter
The synopsis of the eleven chapters of the book is:
The Leadership Ambition Gap: What Would You Do If You Weren't Afraid? – Anecdotes are given in which Judith Rodin questions why highly talented women choose to leave careers and become homemakers and Gayle Tzemach Lemmon gives her opinion that a double standard makes ambition be perceived as a negative quality in a woman when it would be positive in a man.
Sit at the Table – Anecdotes are given about Peggy McIntosh stating that women are pressured not to accept compliments about their accomplishments, Padmasree Warrior stating that people should consider taking opportunities even if they do not feel qualified to execute them, and Ginni Rometty discussing how she took risks even staking personal failure. Also discussed is the theory that females more frequently than males display impostor syndrome concerns, and the concept of "fake it till you make it".
Success and Likeability – A social experiment is summarized in which two résumés stating business success are presented to various people. The resumes are identical except that one names a female job candidate and the other a male candidate. In most cases, people found the success of the male candidate to be appealing and the success of the female candidate to be worrisome. Anecdotes are given in which Mary Sue Coleman states that in negotiation women in business are often "relentlessly pleasant" and Arianna Huffington acknowledged that she had to accept a lot of criticism.
It's a Jungle Gym, Not a Ladder – A discussion reconsiders the concept of the "corporate ladder" suggesting that the climb to success is more like a jungle gym with multiple paths to the top. Anecdotes are given about Eric Schmidt's advice to take jobs in growing fields with advancement opportunities, even if they are less prestigious than more established positions, and how Lawrence Summers seemed to be critical with the author, then gave her more respect when she asserted herself.
Are You My Mentor? – The advice is given that working professionals need a mentor but that the relationship between teacher and student cannot be forced. An anecdote is given about Clara Shih regularly asking questions in business that showed respect for her mentors' time.
Seek and Speak Your Truth – As executive staff at Facebook, the author says that she along with others tried to make Facebook a non-hierarchical organization where everyone is free to speak their thoughts and criticism. Anecdotes are given in which Robert Rubin seeks advice from people who have fresh perspectives rather than deep experience in an existing culture and how Howard Schultz was open about sharing emotions.
Don't Leave before you Leave – The author states that she has seen women forgo career advancement for family, but that she feels that some women do this too far in advance of developing family life. Anecdotes are given about Peggy Orenstein finding that even young girls imagine giving up career options to favor family life. The author then states that as a hiring and promoting manager, she often asks women of a certain age whether they plan to have children. She further states that she does not transgress discrimination laws against women who will need time off from work to have children, but rather wants the employees to be comfortable taking positions even when they are about to have a child.
Make your Partner a real Partner – The author explores the concept of a "designated parent", which is supposed to be the person who does most of the childcare and is usually the woman. She reviews data that state that of the 28 women who direct Fortune 500 companies, only one had never married. Betty Friedan's The Feminine Mystique is cited as a source of information on the women's movement. Sandberg discusses her own marriage, which she and Dave Goldberg have set up in the Shared Earning/Shared Parenting style.
The Myth of Doing it All – An anecdote is given in which Tina Fey says that the rudest question which people regularly ask women is "How do you do it all?", because the assumption is that a woman who is achieving in business must not have time to spend with family, and this same question is not asked to men in business. An anecdote about Laurie Glimcher describes how she recognizes that she cannot do all work and is frank about her limits.
Let's Start Talking about it – The author recounts a bitter story when, as a congressional page, she was patted condescendingly on the head by Tip O'Neill, who asked if she was a pom-pom girl, meaning a cheerleader for male work. Kenneth Chenault is given as an example of a CEO who attempts to defend women from sexism in the workplace.
Working Together Toward Equality – The author recalls the media attention that Marissa Mayer received for accepting a job as CEO of Yahoo while in her third trimester of pregnancy, and said that women get extra scrutiny in the workplace. She states that stay-at-home mothers frequently look down upon women with advanced careers, and that it is necessary that there not be tension between these groups.
Reviews and criticism
The book has been reviewed by various commentators.
In July, 2013, art and criticism journal The Baffler published a lengthy article on the book and its associated "movement" LeanIn.org. In the article, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Susan Faludi argues that self-described feminist Sandberg's message of women's workplace empowerment is actually a corporate-backed campaign that encourages women to promote themselves individually as "marketable consumer object[s]" for professional advancement, while discouraging solidarity and downplaying the damaging effects of systemic gender bias felt collectively by women in the workplace. The article further questions the selection criteria used by LeanIn.org for its corporate "Platform Partners", many of whom are burdened by "recent or pending EEOC grievances and state and federal court actions involving sex discrimination, sexual harassment, pregnancy discrimination, unfair promotion policies, wrongful terminations, and gender-based retaliations against female employees." Faludi's analysis concludes with a detailed account of her failed attempts to contact Sandberg for an on-record interview, along with a section directly quoted from Faludi's email correspondence with Sandberg's public relations staff. In the emails, Faludi's requests for specific examples of LeanIn.org's supposed workplace activism and clarification of the group's support policy for its heavily marketed "Lean In Circles" peer group package appear to be met with deflective responses.
The Guardian referred to Lean In as "an infantilising, reactionary guide for ambitious women."
In 2015, software engineer Kate Heddleston commented,Women in tech are the canary in the coal mine. Normally when the canary in the coal mine starts dying you know the environment is toxic and you should get the hell out. Instead, the tech industry is looking at the canary, wondering why it can't breathe, saying "Lean in, canary. Lean in!" When one canary dies they get a new one because getting more canaries is how you fix the lack of canaries, right? Except the problem is that there isn't enough oxygen in the coal mine, not that there are too few canaries.In 2018, Michelle Obama said that leaning in does not always work.
Intersectionality: race, class, and sexual identity
Author bell hooks wrote a critical analysis of the book, called "Dig Deep: Beyond Lean In". hooks calls Sandberg's position "faux feminist" and describes her stance on gender equality in the workplace as agreeable to those who wield power in society—wealthy white men, according to hooks—in a seemingly feminist package. hooks writes, "[Sandberg] comes across as a lovable younger sister who just wants to play on the big brother's team." hooks states that mass media, along with Sandberg, tells us that any woman willing to work hard can climb the corporate ladder all the way to the top. The article further argues that Lean In ignores "the concrete systemic obstacles most women face inside the workforce." hooks reasons that instead of the "Lean In" campaign inciting social change, its purpose is to provide women advice on how to become successful within existing conditions, and that effectively, Lean In does not consider the reality of intersectionality, which has been a growing subject in the contemporary feminist movement.
The main elements in hooks' article, such as race, class, and sexuality, draw from her work Feminism Is For Everybody. In the book, hooks describes how not all women are made equally – there is not a homogenous identity for women. hooks states that privileged white women know that their status is different from that of black women/women of color (pg.10); reformist white women with class privilege want the freedom they see men of their class enjoying (pg.38); and heterosexual women appeal more to men and society (pg.97).
Kathleen Geier discussed in the article "Does Feminism Have a Class Problem?" that Sandberg's philosophy was that if more women advanced into leadership positions then all women would gain. Geier's response to these assumptions was: "there is little reason to have faith that Sandberg-style 'trickle-down' feminism will benefit the masses any more than its economic equivalent has … her enthusiasm for capitalism and her advocacy of a depoliticized strategy that focused on self-improvement rather than collective action troubled many feminists on the left." Geier advises that the only effective and lasting way to advance economic equality is through collective political action; implementing some programs such as universal childcare, paid family and sick leave, and a European-style cap on work hours would resonate for women of all classes.
In the same The Nation article, Judith Warner, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress and author, parallels Geier by saying that feminism should focus on structural problems and not individual adaptation. Women need to find experiences that unite them without forgetting the differences of class, race, education, and empowerment that set them apart. Warner also advocates that one of the most effective actions toward gender equality is fighting for meaningful workplace flexibility.
The third contributor to The Nation article is Heather McGhee, president of Demos. She explains that a business model that relies on suppressed wages on those who are at the bottom of their society's social and political hierarchies – women as well as that of immigrants, people of color, and the poor – will not be feminist when a woman breaks through as a CEO. McGhee mentions some statistics gathered by Demos, which shows that retail's gender pay gap costs women an estimated $40.8 billion in lost wages annually, a total that will rise to $381 billion cumulatively by 2022. McGhee advocates that bridging the pay gap should be a focus for women.
Along with Kathleen Geier, Judith Warner, and Heather McGhee, Nancy Folbre, an economics professor at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, discussed in the article about Lean In with relation to intersectionality. Folbre illustrated intersectionality as the following, "it's more-than-four-way intersection, there's no traffic light and people often don't know which way to turn. Some, driving luxury SUVs, will be perfectly safe. Others, on foot, are likely to get hurt. Gender is an important vehicle of collective identity. So too are class, race, ethnicity and citizenship." Folbre continues to say that Lean In vindicates intersectional analysis as the focus of inequality in the book was only based on gender. Moreover, the book speaks to a selected few of women who are seeking to advance their careers, not those who are struggling to find and keep a stable job.
Susan Faludi argues in a CNN article that Sandberg's Lean In is being attacked for all the wrong reasons. Faludi explains that challengers of Lean In cannot argue against Sandberg without mentioning her net worth and the square footage of her house (1 billion and 9,200, respectively). Faludi expresses that a problem with the "Lean In" venture is that it leaves out single mothers: "Lean In offers a faux liberation for single mothers, as they couldn't 'lean in' if they wanted." In the article, Faludi reasons that improving the lives of single mothers requires more than showing women of privilege how they can further advance themselves in society. This standpoint correlates to contemporary feminists who argue for social and cultural change to support "mothering" (including single mothers) as an empowering rather than oppressive experience.
In 2015, OR Books published Lean Out: The Struggle for Gender Equality in Tech and Start-up Culture, edited by Elissa Shevinsky, which included a number of essays that make the above points and recount a variety of experiences of just how big the barriers for women in tech really are.
LeanIn.org
In response to the success of the book, Sandberg founded LeanIn.org (also known as Lean In Foundation) in the same year the book was published, a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization, dedicated "to offering women the ongoing inspiration and support to help them achieve their goals." The organization offers educational resources and programming that encourages female leadership.
References
Further reading
External links
Lean In Community Facebook Page
2013 non-fiction books
Books about activism
Books about women
American non-fiction books
Books about feminism
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1515.
Events
Christoph Froschauer becomes the first printer in Zürich.
New books
Prose
Martin of Arles –
Drama
c. 1514–15 – Gian Giorgio Trissino – Sophonisba
Poetry
Alexander Barclay (translated from Baptista Mantuanus) – Saint George
John of Capistrano – Capystranus (published in London)
Approximate year – Stephen Hawes –
Births
March 28 – Teresa of Ávila, Spanish Carmelite mystic, saint and poet (died 1582)
Unknown dates
Nicolas Denisot, French poet and painter (died 1559)
Brne Karnarutić, Croatian poet and writer (died 1573)
Ambrosius Lobwasser, Saxon humanist, translator and psalmist (died 1585)
Johann Weyer, Dutch occultist (died 1588)
probable
Roger Ascham, English scholar (died 1568)
William Baldwin, English writer, editor and theatrical director (died c. 1563)
Deaths
February 16 – Aldus Manutius, Italian printer-publisher and poet (born 1449)
unknown date Jacques Almain, French theologian (year of birth unknown)
References
1515
1515 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Teague Rook is an Australian television and film actor who is best known for his role as Steve Everson in the Australian children's television drama series Silversun.
He has made numerous television appearances in Australian television series including Satisfaction, Blue Heelers, Scooter: Secret Agent, All Saints, Stingers and Neighbours. His film roles include Charlotte's Web.
External links
Australian male television actors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Rural Municipality of Hazelwood No. 94 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 1 and Division No. 1. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Hazelwood No. 94 incorporated as a rural municipality on January 1, 1913.
Heritage properties
There is one historical property located within the RM.
Bekevar Hungarian Presbyterian Church - Constructed in 1911, and located within Bekevar, Saskatchewan.
Geography
Moose Mountain Provincial Park is located within the RM.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Hazelwood No. 94 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Hazelwood No. 94 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Economy
Its major industry is agriculture.
Government
The RM of Hazelwood No. 94 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Thursday of every month. The reeve of the RM is James Husband while its administrator is Gary Vargo. The RM's office is located in Kipling.
References
H
Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
Jones Dairy Farm is an American, privately owned food company that produces a series of meat products, including breakfast sausage, ham, Canadian bacon, breakfast bacon, scrapple, and liver sausage. The company was established in 1889. The Jones family has owned and operated the business since its establishment by Milo C. Jones.
History
In 1832, Milo Jones, a government surveyor, moved from Vermont to Fort Atkinson with his wife and two children, to establish a traditional dairy farm. This small family farm produced primarily cheese, but also raised pigs for their own consumption. In 1849, Milo C. Jones was born and soon joined his family in working the farm. At the age of 35 the younger Jones developed rheumatoid arthritis and was unable to continue working on the farm, however in 1889, with the family facing financial difficulty, he decided to begin a sausage-making enterprise in the family's cheese room using his mother's traditional family recipe that had been brought from Vermont. Milo Jr.'s sausage production technique was unique at the time: instead of pork trimmings, he made his sausage using ham, loin, and shoulder cuts.
Milo Jr. began selling his sausage to Wisconsin grocers, neighbors and friends, but quickly expanded into large markets, such as Chicago, New York City and Boston, and began delivering product by rail. Unlike most sausage makers of the day, Milo advertised heavily. This advertising originated with direct mail, and expanded to national magazines like Saturday Evening Post, Literary Digest and Good Housekeeping as early as 1903.
Jones Dairy Farm established a number of industry firsts. In the 1920s Jones was the first meatpacking company to quick-freeze sausage, which allowed shipping throughout the United States and abroad without the need for chemical preservatives. The company was also the first to introduce a line of fully cooked breakfast sausage and one of the first to offer a “light” breakfast sausage product. Jones also became one of the first meatpacking companies to operate a modern bacteriological laboratory on-site to monitor and test food safety. The company is one of a handful of companies (and the only privately owned company) that meets the standards of the American Association for Laboratory Accreditation, a nonprofit public service dedicated to the formal recognition of testing laboratories, inspection bodies and proficiency testing.
After Milo C. Jones Jr.'s death in 1919, he was succeeded as president by his daughter, Mary. She was followed by her nephew, Alan Jones, in 1960 and then by his brother Edward Jones in the 1970s. Alan's son, Milo C. Jones III became president in 1983. Edward C. Jones, Jr. (son of Edward) became the seventh president in 1995 and his son Philip Jones, the great-great grandson of company founder Milo C., became president and CEO in 2001.
Location
Jones Dairy Farm is set on and encompasses the factory, crop fields, and the original farmhouse where Milo Jones I settled in 1843.
On December 27, 1978, the property, except for the modern plant, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. This includes the old post and beam barn built around 1839, a greenhouse built in the 1840s, and the horse barn built in the mid-19th century. Also included is the farmhouse begun in the 1840s and expanded in the 1860s, 1910, and 1922, the sausage kitchen added in 1907 (designed by D.I. Davis and Associates of Chicago), a Colonial Revival house built by one of the Jones sons in 1897, and another built in 1930.
Products
In addition to the original breakfast sausage recipe, which has remained unchanged since 1889, Jones also produces hams, bacon, Canadian bacon, liver sausage and scrapple for both retail and foodservice customers. These are sold both in traditional supermarkets and grocery stores, as well as by special order from the company's website. Jones Dairy Farm owns scrapple producers Habbersett and Rapa.
Sponsorships
Jones offers a number of products certified gluten-free by the Gluten-Free Certification Organization, a program of the Gluten Intolerance Group, of whom they are a sponsor. Jones also promotes awareness of celiac disease by sponsoring the Celiac Disease Foundation and is a benefactor member of the Celiac Sprue Association.
In 2015, Jones sponsored an annual scholarship for culinary students at Pennsylvania College of Technology.
References
External links
Jefferson County, Wisconsin
Meat processing in the United States
American sausages
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
1889 establishments in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Wisconsin
PathCheck Foundation is a volunteer-led nonprofit organization founded in February 2020 at MIT that develops COVID-19 apps for digital contact tracing. The organization consists of over 1000 volunteers. In addition, various companies donate employee time to the foundation. The organization was previously known as COVID Safe Paths (and before MIT Safe Paths) but was renamed PathCheck Foundation on June 28, 2020.
The original technology for the PathCheck app was based on the MIT Private Kit: Safe Paths app created by Ramesh Raskar with Sandy Pentland, Kent Larson, Steve Penrod, and Kevin Esvelt. The founding team included Abhishek Singh, Kristen Vilcans, Alina Clough, Francesco Maria Bendetti, Kaushal Jain, Khahlil Louisy, Sienna Leis, Greg Nadeau, Rachel Barbar, and John Werner.
On July 8, 2020, Ramesh Raskar, chairman of PathCheck Foundation, addressed the United States House of Representatives Committee on Financial Services Task
Force on Artificial Intelligence during their hearing on "Exposure Notification and Contact Tracing: How AI Helps Localities
Reopen Safely and Researchers Find a Cure", describing the use of contact tracing technologies used by PathCheck. He also spoke about PathCheck's surveillance and privacy methods at the Wall Street Journal Tech Health event.
Apps developed by PathCheck have been adopted by the governments of Minnesota, Hawaii, Guam, Puerto Rico, Teton County, Wyoming (home of Yellowstone National Park), and Cyprus.
References
501(c)(3) organizations
Software associated with the COVID-19 pandemic
Familial hypertriglyceridemia (type IV familial dyslipidemia) is a genetic disorder characterized by the liver overproducing very-low-density lipoproteins (VLDL). As a result, an affected individual will have an excessive number of VLDL and triglycerides on a lipid profile. This genetic disorder usually follows an autosomal dominant inheritance pattern. The disorder presents clinically in patients with mild to moderate elevations in triglyceride levels. Familial hypertriglyceridemia is typically associated with other co-morbid conditions such as hypertension, obesity, and hyperglycemia. Individuals with the disorder are mostly heterozygous in an inactivating mutation of the gene encoding for lipoprotein lipase (LPL). This sole mutation can markedly elevate serum triglyceride levels. However, when combined with other medications or pathologies it can further elevate serum triglyceride levels to pathologic levels. Substantial increases in serum triglyceride levels can lead to certain clinical signs and the development of acute pancreatitis.
Familial hypertriglyceridemia falls in the Fredrickson-Levy and Lee's (FLL) phenotypes. The phenotypes include types I, IIa, IIb, III, IV, and V dyslipidemias. Familial hypertriglyceridemia is considered a type IV familial dyslipidemia it is distinguished from other dyslipidemias based on the individual's lipid profile. Familial hypertriglyceridemia separates itself from other dyslipidemias with significantly high triglycerides and low HDL levels. It is important to recognize that co-morbid conditions that often concomitantly exist with the disorder can further alter the lipid panel.
Etiology
Familial hypertriglyceridemia is considered to be inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. However, it is important to recognize that most cases have a polygenic inheritance distancing themselves from traditional Mendelian inheritance patterns. One of the most common mutations implicated in the development of familial hypertriglyceridemia is a heterozygous inactivating mutation of the LPL gene. Inactivation of this gene leads to an individual's inability to hydrolyze the triglycerides within the VLDL core. This inactivation of function leads to a considerable accumulation of triglycerides and VLDL in the bloodstream, which then contributes to several avenues of pathology. Individuals with insulin resistance can have even further elevated levels of hypertriglyceridemia due to the fact that insulin is a potent activator of LPL. Therefore, an individual who is resistant to the bioactivity of insulin will have decreased LPL activity and will therefore lead to further hypertriglyceridemia, helping push serum triglycerides to pathologic levels. Beyond the classic understanding of single-gene mutation leading to disease, hypertriglyceridemia is also linked to several different genetic loci permitting additional aberrant changes to other lipid levels in the body.
Epidemiology
Familial hypertriglyceridemia can follow an autosomal dominant monogenic inheritance pattern. The frequency of heterozygous carriers of certain pathologic mutations in the LPL gene can range from 0.06% to 20%. It is important to note that dissimilar mutations can confer varying degrees of underlying pathology. However, most cases of familial hypertriglyceridemia follow a polygenic inheritance pattern involving mutations in multiple genetic foci.
Pathophysiology
Inactivity of lipoprotein lipase (LPL) plays the predominant role in the development of familial hypertriglyceridemia. LPL plays a role in the metabolism of triglycerides within VLDL molecules. Inactivation mutations in LPL will create an environment with an increased concentration of VLDL molecules and therefore, triglycerides. The elevation of baseline triglyceride levels begins the cascade into other pathologies.
The most common acute manifestation of hypertriglyceridemia is the occurrence of pancreatitis. Pancreatitis is caused by the premature activation of exocrine pancreatic enzymes. Secreted zymogens are cleaved to active trypsin and play a central role in digestion of food in the duodenum. If there is premature activation of trypsin within the pancreatic tissues, there is an induction of autodigestion of local tissue which leads to the initial presentation of pancreatitis. Autodigestion of local tissues also leads to disruptions in pancreatic microvascular tissue which can cause an ischemia-reperfusion event at the pancreatic level. There are other varying secondary causes of pancreatitis that can further contribute to the primary scenario of pancreatitis related to familial hypertriglyceridemia.
Treatment
Treatment for familial hypertriglyceridemia should focus primarily on reducing serum triglyceride levels. If an individual has co-morbid conditions, ensuring that they are adequately addressed will aid in obtaining a more normal baseline lipid panel. Current guidelines suggest that when evaluating individuals with familial hypertriglyceridemia there should be special attention paid to their risk of developing cardiovascular disease in individuals with mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia. Individuals with severe hypertriglyceridemia should be promptly evaluated for the possibility of developing pancreatitis. The initial treatment for severe hypertriglyceridemia consists of beginning an individual on fibrate therapy in an attempt to normalize triglyceride levels. Fibrates such as fenofibrate or gemfibrozil are considered first-line therapy for the disease. Adjunctive niacin therapy can be used for individuals who are unable to decrease triglyceride levels through fibrate monotherapy. Niacin is especially useful for individuals who have a high risk of getting pancreatitis. Fish oil supplement can also be used as it has been shown to incur a significant reduction to both triglyceride and VLDL levels. If properly managed, individuals with familial hypertriglyceridemia have a fairly good prognosis. If therapy is successful, these individuals do not have uncontrolled severe triglycerides and VLDL. It is important to educate individuals on possible secondary causes of elevated lipid profiles. Proper management of the secondary causes provides a good prognosis for overall individual health.
See also
Primary hyperlipoproteinemia
Familial apoprotein CII deficiency
Skin lesion
References
External links
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
Lipid metabolism disorders
Lawrence County is the easternmost county in the U.S. state of Illinois. At the 2020 census, the population was 15,280. Its county seat is Lawrenceville.
History
Lawrence County was formed in 1821 out of Crawford and Edwards counties. It was named for Capt. James Lawrence, who was killed in action during the War of 1812 while commanding the frigate . Mortally wounded, he gave his men the famous last order, "Don't give up the ship."
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Lawrenceville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Major highways
U.S. Route 50
Illinois Route 1
Illinois Route 33
Illinois Route 250
Adjacent counties
Crawford County - north
Knox County, Indiana - east
Wabash County - south
Richland County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 16,833 people, 6,130 households, and 4,056 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,936 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.3% white, 9.6% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.7% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 12.7% were German, 10.4% were American, 9.5% were Irish, and 7.8% were English.
Of the 6,130 households, 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were married couples living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.8% were non-families, and 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.88. The median age was 39.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,771 and the median income for a family was $45,565. Males had a median income of $40,949 versus $25,991 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,297. About 14.8% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.9% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Bridgeport
Lawrenceville (seat)
St. Francisville
Sumner
Village
Russellville
Unincorporated communities
Billett
Birds
Chauncey
Petrolia
Pinkstaff
Riddleville
Townships
Nine townships make up Lawrence County. They are:
Allison
Bond
Bridgeport
Christy
Denison
Lawrence
Lukin
Petty
Russell
Politics
In its early days, Lawrence County was a Democratic-leaning swing county, voting Republican only twice up to 1892 when it supported Ulysses S. Grant in 1872 and Benjamin Harrison in 1888. It did not vote for a losing Republican candidate until Wendell Willkie carried the county in 1940 due to isolationist sentiment. Since that time, however, Lawrence County – like so many in Southern Illinois – has become reliably Republican. The only Democrat to gain an absolute majority in the county since 1936 has been Lyndon Johnson in 1964, although Bill Clinton obtained pluralities in both 1992 and 1996.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lawrence County, Illinois
References
External links
Lawrence County official site
Lawrence County Fact Sheet, Illinois State Archives
Blue Star Emergency Medical Services Official Site
Illinois counties
1821 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1821
Lawrence County, Illinois
Method to the Madness of Jerry Lewis is a 2011 American documentary of actor Jerry Lewis. It was released on Encore on December 17, 2011.
Plot
A chronological view of Jerry Lewis' career beginning with his 10-year partnership with Dean Martin to his career as a producer, director, writer, and actor. Archival clips, interviews with friends and family, as well as Lewis himself are included.
Cast
Jerry Lewis
Alec Baldwin
Richard Belzer
Carol Burnett
Chevy Chase
Billy Crystal
Woody Harrelson
John Landis
Richard Lewis
Eddie Murphy
Carl Reiner
Jerry Seinfeld
Steven Spielberg
Quentin Tarantino
Reception
The film holds a 67% rating based on 12 critical reviews at Rotten Tomatoes.
The Washington Post said of the film, "The old clips are still a hoot, but there's a limit to how much compressed air a viewer can take, listening to a bunch of old men talk about how funny their friend was." The New York Times review stated, "...by the end of this documentary, yes, you're convinced that Mr. Lewis was a much larger figure than is generally acknowledged. But you still don't feel as if you know him."
Home media
The film was released on DVD on January 22, 2013.
References
External links
Method to the Madness of Jerry Lewis at Rotten Tomatoes
2011 films
Films produced by Jerry Lewis
Jerry Lewis
2010s English-language films
American biographical films
American documentary films
2011 documentary films
American television films
2010s American films
Balacra flava is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Lukasz Przybylowicz in 2013. It is found in Cameroon.
References
Balacra
Moths described in 2013
Erebid moths of Africa
Valley Flyer was the trading name of Cityline New Zealand Ltd, a subsidiary of NZ Bus, an Infratil company, until July 2018. It was part of the Stagecoach Group of companies, trading as Cityline Hutt Valley, and also operated services out of Papakura in Auckland before amalgamation with Stagecoach Auckland. Prior to this, the greater part of the operation was part of New Zealand Railways Road Services.
In 2018, when new Metlink Wellington bus contracts came into operation, NZ Bus lost the majority of its public transport contracts in the Hutt Valley (with the exception of the Eastbourne services). As part of this change, all buses in the region were branded as "Metlink" and so the Valley Flyer brand has ceased to exist. The company continues to operate the Airport Flyer service.
Operations
Valley Flyer's operations centered around its Waterloo depot, adjacent to Waterloo Interchange, with satellite depots at Eastbourne, Wainuiomata, Stokes Valley and Upper Hutt. Valley Flyer operated scheduled bus services and some school-bus runs in the Hutt Valley under contract to Greater Wellington Regional Council as part of the Regional Council's Metlink network.
References
Bus companies of New Zealand
Bus transport in New Zealand
Public transport in the Wellington Region
Lower Hutt
Upper Hutt
Moon Mountain District Sonoma County is an American Viticultural Area (AVA) within Sonoma Valley and North Coast viticultural areas, just north of the city of Sonoma. This mountainous region on the very eastern edge of Sonoma County has a historic reputation for producing rich, intensely-flavored wines from Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah varietals since the 1880s. The District was established on November 1, 2013 by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB). Its designation covers of land stretching north-south along the western slopes of the Mayacamas mountains between Sugarloaf Ridge State Park and Los Carneros viticultural area with the Napa Valley's Mount Veeder viticultural area outlining the eastern slopes. Its name is derived from Moon Mountain Road, which traverses through the area and itself a reference to Sonoma, which means 'valley of the moon' in the local Native American dialect. A clear view to San Francisco south is not uncommon from Moon Mountain District vineyards.
Terroir
The distinguishing features of Moon Mountain District are its topography, geology, climate, and soils. It lies in one of the warmer parts of Sonoma County due to its inland location. At elevations ranging from above sea level, vines grow in a variety of soils, mainly rocky and of volcanic origin, on the western slopes and ridge tops of the Mayacamas Mountains. The district's boundaries are outlined by proceeding south along the mountain ridge from the Rutherford locale down the meandering Sonoma-Napa County boundary to the Sonoma-Napa county southeast intersection; then travels southwesterly in a straight line north of Arrowhead Mountain toward the Pueblo lands of Sonoma; the boundary then proceeds northwesterly along the western foothills pass the locales of Eldridge, Glen Ellen, through the Valley of the Moon and settling in the Kenwood vicinity; finally, turning east-northeasterly it proceeds to a marked 1,483-foot peak south of Sugarloaf Ridge and then east-southeasterly in a straight line back to the Sonoma-Napa County boundary.
Climate
Crosswinds from both the Pacific Ocean to the west and San Pablo Bay in the south bring cooling maritime influences to the vineyards, but by the time the winds have travelled across the valley floor they have warmed considerably. Most of the region's vineyards face southwest, subjecting them to stronger afternoon sunlight. The higher elevation vineyards place their varietals above the influence of the famous Sonoma fog. The warmer climate gives Moon Mountain District a longer growing season than other parts of Sonoma Valley, with earlier budburst in the spring and a longer hang time for the grapes in the autumn. Cold air tends to drain off the hillside vineyards into the valley, reducing the risk of damaging frosts and allowing for a long, slow maturation period. As a result, Moon Mountain District grapes have a good balance of sugars and acidity, leading to well-balanced wines.
Soil
Moon Mountain's volcanic origins gave the area's winemakers cause to petition for a separate AVA title, which was approved in 2013. The region's iron-rich volcanic soils are quite distinct from the sedimentary soils of the surrounding area. These red, rocky soils are thin, well-drained and therefore highly suited to viticulture. Louis M. Martini's famed Monte Rosso vineyard, a 120-year-old vineyard within the appellation, is named for these red soils.
Wine Industry
TTB received a petition from Patrick L. Shabram on behalf of Christian Borcher, a representative of the vintners and grape growers in the area, proposed the establishment of the “Moon Mountain District Sonoma County” AVA. Moon Mountain contains 11 wineries and 40 commercially-producing vineyards that cultivate approximately well-established throughout the mountainous area around the hills and ridges.
References
External links
Moon Mountain Wine Region and Appellation Sonoma County Tourism
TTB AVA Map
American Viticultural Areas of California
American Viticultural Areas
California wine
Geography of Sonoma County, California
2013 establishments in California
Bichitr (fl. 17th century) was an Indian painter during the Mughal period, patronized by the emperors Jahangir and Shah Jahan.
The earliest known painting of his is a mature work from c. 1615. He was possibly still active in 1660. Britannica notes that his "court style may have been the most brilliant of all the Mughal painters", with "faultless technique and majestic formality." Influenced by his studies of European artworks, Bichtir incorporated figures with shadows, Western perspective, and putti into his work.
References
Mughal painters
17th-century Indian painters
Indian male painters
The IDF Caterpillar D9 —nicknamed Doobi (, for teddy bear) — is a Caterpillar D9 armored bulldozer used by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). The Israeli armored CAT D9 was heavily modified by the Israel Defense Forces, Israeli Military Industries and Israel Aerospace Industries to increase the survivability of the bulldozer in hostile environments and enable it to withstand heavy attacks, thus making it suitable for military combat engineering use. The IDF Caterpillar D9 is operated by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Combat Engineering Corps for combat engineering and counter-terrorism operations.
Characteristics
The D9R, the latest generation of Caterpillar D9 bulldozers in IDF service, has a power of 405–410 horse power and drawbar pull of 71.6 metric tons (about 702 kN). Older generations, such as D9L and D9N are still in service, mainly in the reserve forces. The D9 has a crew of two: operator and commander. It is operated by the TZAMA (In = ציוד מכני הנדסי, mechanical engineering equipment) units of the Combat Engineering Corps.
The main IDF modification is the installation of an Israeli-made vehicle armor kit which provides armor protection to the mechanical systems and to the operator cabin. The operator and commander are protected inside an armored cabin ("the cockpit"), with bulletproof glass windows to protect against bombs, machine guns, and sniper fire. The IDF also developed and installed slat armor add-on to deflect rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) rounds. The fitted armor package adds roughly 15 additional tons to the production-line weight of the D9. The modified D9 bulldozers can be fitted with disparate features, such as crew-operated machine guns, smoke projectors, or grenade launchers. The Israeli armor and durable construction of the D9 makes it impervious to landmines, IED and large belly charges.
The IDF uses the D9 for a wide variety of combat engineering tasks, such as earthworks, digging moats, mounting sand barriers, building fortifications, rescuing stuck, overturned or damaged armored fighting vehicles (along with the M88 Recovery Vehicle), clearing land mines, detonating IEDs and explosives, handling booby traps, clearing terrain obstacles and opening routes to armored fighting vehicles and infantry, as well as structures demolition, including under fire.
History
The Caterpillar D9 bulldozer was introduced in 1954 by Caterpillar Inc. and quickly found its way to civilian engineering in Israel and from there it was recruited to military service by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF).
Earlier use
Unarmored D9 bulldozers took part in the Sinai War (1956), Six-Day War (1967), Yom Kippur War (1973) and Operation Peace for Galilee (1982).
During Yom Kippur War D9 bulldozers opened routes to Israeli forces, clearing landmines and other anti-tank obstacles. In the southern front, D9s towed bridges and breaching equipment and helped General Ariel Sharon to cross the Suez Canal and determine the war with Egypt. The D9s razed the sand barrier around the canal and cleared mines near it. In the northern front, the D9 was the first motorized vehicle to reach the summit of Mount Hermon as it paved the way for IDF Engineering Corps, Golani Brigade and Paratroopers Brigade to claim the summit and prevent it from falling into the hands of Syria.
During Operation Peace for Galilee D9s were employed in breaching and paving ways through mountains and fields in the mountain landscape of southern Lebanon. The D9s also cleared minefields and explosive belly charges set on the main routes by Syrian army and Palestinian insurgents. Because the D9 served as front-line tools, the IDF developed armor kits to protect the lives of the soldiers operating them.
Between the wars, D9 bulldozers were employed in earthworks, fortifications buildings, opening routes and clearing explosive charges. During the late 1980s Israeli-made armor was installed on the D9L bulldozers that were in IDF service. Improved armor kits were designed and installed on the D9N bulldozers during the 1990s.
The Second Intifada
During the Second Intifada (2000-2005), the armored D9 bulldozers gained notoriety as being an effective tool against Palestinian militants, as they were almost impervious to Palestinian weapons and withstood even RPGs and belly charges with more than 100 kg and even half a tonne of explosive. Therefore, they were used to opening safe routes to IDF forces and detonate explosive charges planted by Palestinian militants. The bulldozers were used extensively to clear shrubbery and structures which were used as cover for Palestinian attacks. In addition they razed houses of families of suicide bombers.
Following several incidents where armed Palestinians barricaded themselves inside houses and killed soldiers attempting to breach the entries, the IDF developed "Nohal Sir Lachatz" (נוהל סיר לחץ "pressure cooker procedure") in which D9s and other engineering vehicles were used to bring them out by razing the houses; most of them surrendered because of fear of being buried alive.
During the Battle of Jenin 2002 armored D9 bulldozers cleared booby traps and improvised explosive devices, and eventually razed houses from which militants fired upon Israeli soldiers or contained possible IEDs and booby traps. A translated interview with one of the drivers was published by Gush Shalom. After the deadly ambush in which 13 soldiers were killed, D9 bulldozers razed the center of the camp and forced the remaining Palestinian fighters to surrender, thus finishing the battle with an Israeli victory.
In Rafah and near the Philadelphi Route the D9s razed thousands of buildings according to human rights reports; Israel claimed it is a security measure necessary to discover and destroy smuggling tunnels and destroy firing positions that threaten the forces in the area, while Palestinians claimed it was to create a "buffer zone" and punish Palestinians for IDF casualties.
While Palestinians saw the D9 as a devastating weapon, and human rights groups criticized it for the massive damage it caused to Palestinian infrastructure, Israelis and military experts saw the D9 as a necessary tool for combating insurgency and terrorism and a key factor in reducing IDF casualties.
D9R and early 21st century
During the early 2000s, the new D9R entered IDF service, equipped with a new generation armor designed by the IDF's MASHA (, lit. Restoration and Maintenance Center), Israel Aerospace Industries and Zoko Shiloovim/ITE (Caterpillar Inc. importers in Israel). Due to the increasing threat of shaped charge anti-tank rockets and anti-tank missile, the IDF introduced in 2005 a slat armor, installed in large numbers on the IDF D9R dozers in 2006. The slat armor proved to be effective and life-saving; its developers and installers won the IDF's Ground Command award.
The IDF also operates armored remote-controlled D9N bulldozers, called "Raam HaShachar" (, lit. "thunder of dawn") often incorrectly referred as "black thunder". The remote-controlled bulldozer is used when there is a great risk for human life, mainly when opening dangerous routes and detonating explosive charges.
Armored D9R bulldozers and unmanned "Raam HaShachar" D9N bulldozers played important role in the Second Lebanon War (2006) and Operation Cast Lead (2008–2009). Both bulldozer types were involved in opening routes, clearing explosives and IEDs, building sand mounds to protect AFVs and infantry camps, and demolishing structures such as rigged buildings, HQs, warehouses, outposts, bunkers and tunnels – often concealed in civilian structures. In total, 100 D9s were deployed during Operation Cast Lead.
Armored D9R bulldozers took part in the effort to extinguish 2010 Mount Carmel forest fire. The armored bulldozers opened routes to fire trucks and firefighters into the heart of the fire. They also created buffer zones by clearing shrubbery and mounting soil barriers in order to prevent the fire from spreading. They also helped extinguish fires by burying them in dirt and soil.
In 2014 the IDF Caterpillar D9 was recorded in Guinness World Records as the most armored bulldozer in the world.
In 2019, Elbit Systems won an IMOD contract to install the Iron Fist active protection system on the IDF's armored D9 bulldozers, to give them extra protection from anti-tank missiles.
Operation Protective Edge
IDF D9 armored bulldozers took major role in Operation Protective Edge (2014), both in defensive missions and offensive maneuvers. The D9s assisted other heavy equipment such as excavators and drillers in exposing and destroying cross-border underground tunnels penetrating into Israel, more than 30 of these tunnels were destroyed during the operation. The reserve mechanical engineering equipment (צמ"ה) and bulldozers battalion of the Central Command received a citation of recommendation (צל"ש, tzalash) from the Chief of Staff of the Israel Defense Forces.
In the first day of the operation, an IDF D9 bulldozer foiled a penetration terror attack in the beach of Zikim, killing two terrorists. Two others were killed by IDF patrol boat.
The D9s also participated in the ground offensive, opening routes to tanks and infantry forces, and demolishing structures that were used by Palestinian militants. On July 27, one D9 was hit by an anti-tank missile, killing its operator and wounding its commander. Another D9 demolished the building from which the missile was launched, killing 8 militants and capturing two more. The crew received a citation of recommendation (צל"ש, tzalash) for their action.
D9T Panda
In 2018 the Israel Defense Forces Combat Engineering Corps started to deploy and operate the "Panda" – a remote-controlled version of an armored Caterpillar D9T bulldozer. In 2018, Israel Aerospace Industries announced that it had signed a contract to equip the IDF with more D9T Panda dozers.
Models in IDF service
See also
House demolition in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict
Armored bulldozer
Mahmoud Tawalbe, head of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, killed in the Battle of Jenin (2002) by an IDF D9
Rachel Corrie, an ISM activist killed by an IDF D9 while acting as a human shield
References
Citations
External links
Caterpillar D-Series Track-Type Tractors – Official Caterpillar website
Armoured D9R Dozer (of the IDF) – review im Army-Technology
D9 in Israel's Combat Engineering Corps website (Hebrew)
Photos of the IDF Caterpillar D9, Flickr
IDF Caterpillar D9 – vocal version of this article, YouTube
D9
D9
D9
Caterpillar Inc. vehicles
Jan van Nijlen (10 November 1884 – 14 August 1965) was a Belgian writer and poet. He was born at Antwerp and died at Uccle.
Bibliography
Verzen (1906)
Het licht (1909)
Naar 't geluk (1911)
Negen verzen (1914)
Uren met Montaigne (1916)
Francis Jammes (1918)
Charles Péguy (1919)
Het aangezicht der aarde (1923)
De lokstem en andere gedichten (1924)
Zeven gedichten (1925)
De vogel Phoenix (1928)
Geheimschrift (1934)
Gedichten 1904-1938 (1938)
Het oude kind (1938)
De dauwtrapper (1947)
Herinneringen aan E. du Perron (1955)
Te laat voor deze wereld (1957)
Druilende burgerij (1982)
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Jan van Nijlen
Jan Greshoff, Jan van Nijlen 1884–10 November - 1934 In: Forum. Jaargang 3 (1934)
Stefan Van den Bossche, De wereld is zoo schoon waarvan wij droomen. Jan Van Nijlen, biografie, Lannoo, Tielt
1884 births
1965 deaths
Flemish poets
Constantijn Huygens Prize winners
Writers from Antwerp
20th-century Belgian poets
For other places with the same name, see Havelock (disambiguation)
Havelock is a township in Le Haut-Saint-Laurent Regional County Municipality in southern Quebec, Canada. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 756. Neighbouring townships include Franklin to the west, St-Chrysostome to the north and Hemmingford to the east. Havelock's southern boundary is situated along the Canada–United States border with New York State, United States.
Located within Havelock is Covey Hill, one of the northernmost hills of the Adirondack Mountains and the highest point in Le Haut-Saint-Laurent Regional County Municipality.
History
Named after Major-General Sir Henry Havelock, a British general who served in India, the township was created in 1863 from the west end of Hemmingford Township.
Geography
Communities
The following locations reside within the municipality's boundaries:
Covey Hill () – a hamlet located north of the US border on Route 203.
Domaine-Enchanté () – a cottage community just west of Covey Hill situated on the north shore of Lac-Enchanté.
Projet-Laplante () – a hamlet located west of Covey Hill.
Russeltown Flats () – a hamlet located in the northern portion.
The Fort () – a hamlet located in the southeast portion on Route 202.
Lakes & Rivers
The following waterways pass through or are situated within the municipality's boundaries:
Lac Enchanté () – a lake situated north of the US border.
Le Gouffre () – a small lake southwest of Lac Enchanté.
Topographic Features
Covey Hill () – a mountain situated west of the hamlet of Covey Hill. At , it is the highest point in Le Haut-Saint-Laurent.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Havelock had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Arts and culture
The town is noted for its annual agricultural fair, Havelock Fair, held every September. It showcases the best the local countryside has to offer. It was founded in 1871 and is one of the oldest fairs in Canada.
See also
Le Haut-Saint-Laurent Regional County Municipality
English River (Chateauguay River tributary)
List of township municipalities in Quebec
References
Rootsweb South West Quebec
External links
Havelock Fair
Havelock official website
Chateauguay Valley
The Russeltown Flatts Church
Apples
Covey Hill
Township municipalities in Quebec
Incorporated places in Le Haut-Saint-Laurent Regional County Municipality
The Lyceum Central Student Government, also known as the LYCESGO, is the highest student governing body of Lyceum of the Philippines University-Cavite Campus, located at General Trias, Cavite. It is composed of eight officers and their respective committees. Its principal concern is the promotion of welfare and protection of student rights.
LYCESGO promotes and upholds academic freedom in pursuit of the goal of academic excellence. It advances and carries on the tradition of enlightened nationalism as a basic element of a truly responsive LPU education.
Executive officers
LYCESGO Committees
The Lyceum Central Student Government, since its formation on 2008, has been recruiting students from the university to be a part of the LYCESGO Committees. The LYCESGO Committees have played a vital and important role in LYCESGO, in its events and programs, and in the whole student body of the university as well. The names of the LYCESGO Committees have been revised for Academic Year 2012 - 2013.
Administrative Affairs Committee
Formerly known as the Executive Committee, the Administrative Affairs Committee is under the supervision of the LYCESGO President. Its main function is to monitor the whole government and report the happenings inside the system. Together with the Committee on Students Welfare, AAC monitors the situation happening in the student body.
Internal Affairs Committee
Formerly known as the Internal Committee, the Internal Affairs Committee is under the supervision of the LYCESGO Vice President for Internal Affairs. Its main function is to supervise all the internal matters in the student body relating on student affairs, campus organization, finance monitoring, fellowship and brotherhood and rules and regulations.
External Relations Committee
Formerly known as the External Committee, the External Relations Committee is under the supervision of the LYCESGO Vice President for External Affairs. Its main function is to take charge of the external relations of LYCESGO, and of the matters pertaining to conventions, ceremonials, programs, public events and awards.
Secretariat Committee
The Secretariat Committee is under the supervision of the LYCESGO Secretary. Its main function is to keep accurate minutes of LYCESGO meetings. The committee, spearheaded by the LYCESGO Secretary shall also be the custodians of the records, documents and papers of LYCESGO, and shall take charge of official correspondence.
Financial Committee
Formerly known as the Financial 1 Committee, the Financial Committee is under the supervision of the LYCESGO Treasurer. Its main function is to keep and accurate and effective record of all receipts and expenses of LYCESGO and shall help the LYCESGO Treasurer in submitting a per-event financial report. All financial matters shall be handled by the committee in full supervision of the LYCESGO Treasurer.
Audit and Evaluation Committee
Formerly known as the Financial 2 Committee, Audit and Evaluation Committee is under the supervision of the LYCESGO Auditor. Its main function is to help the LYCESGO Auditor in auditing the financial reports made by the LYCESGO Treasurer. The Committee shall examine the correctness of the report. In addition, the committee shall evaluate every program and event of LYCESGO and shall pass an Evaluation Report to LYCESGO no later than 2 weeks after the event.
Students Welfare Committee
The Students Welfare Committee is under the supervision of the LYCESGO Business Manager. Its main function is to monitor the situation happening in the student body, with the help of the Administrative Affairs Committee. The Committee shall take charge of mapping out the general activities of LYCESGO. Furthermore, the committee shall prepare all necessary plans and studies the perceived outcome of the event.
Public Information Committee
Formerly known as the Publicity Committee, the Public Information Committee is under the supervision of the LYCESGO Public Relations Officer. Its main function is to take charge in all press releases, publications and public relation activities of LYCESGO.
Notable Projects
Since its formation on 2008, the Lyceum Central Student Government creates different university-wide and college-based (through the CSG's) activities that mainly focuses on the Recreational, Academic, Social and Environmental aspects of the University.
Lyceum SuperStar
With the goal of discovering new breed of Lycean talents, the 1st Lyceum SuperStar was held last January 21, 2012 at the University Grounds. Parokya ni Edgar gave a ground-breaking performance that was enjoyed by the LPU Community, as well as the outsiders and guests. In the end, Gem Aquino, a freshman from the College of Business Administration was named as the 1st Lyceum SuperStar.
Resort Rock
Resort Rock: Battle of the Bands 2011 was held last January 22, 2011 at the University Grounds. 12 different bands fought for the title but in the end, Function of Ex took home the top prize. Vice Ganda performed live on stage at the last sequence of the show before the awarding.
Acquaintance Party 2k10
Acquaintance Party 2k10 is considered as the most memorable acquaintance party in LPU Cavite and was a joint project of LYCESGO, CAS-SG, CCS-SG and COE-SG. The event featured Callalily as one of the guest performers alongside LPU Cavite student and tween star Louise delos Reyes.
Your Hue, Guess Who, It's You!
This is the 2011 Acquaintance Party that was a joint project of CAS-SG, CoECS-SG and CBA-SG.
CITHM Pirates Night
The 2011 Acquaintance Party/Costume Party of the College of International Tourism and Hospitality Management.
LPU Garage Sale
This project is being spearheaded by LYCESGO annually. The LPU Garage Sale is a week-long event that intends to sell forfeited and second-hand items like books to students in a mega-low price.
Refresh
A three-day tutorial programme spearheaded by LYCESGO and the Lambda Sigma Kappa or the LPU Scholastic Society.
Mr. and Ms. LPU Cavite
Since 2009, LYCESGO has been a major part of the search for the Mr. and Ms. LPU Cavite. This pageant aims to seek for the most beautiful women and most handsome men in the campus that can characterize a good role model among the students of the University and uplift the camaraderie among the colleges of LPU Cavite. Below are the list of the title-holders of the pageant:
NOTE: names marked with * are originally crowned as a runner-up but embodied the title until the next pageant because the then-crowned titleholder (marked with **) did not perform his respective duties and responsibilities due to personal or academic reasons.
LYCESGO Echo Seminar
The LYCESGO Echo Seminar happened last September 22, 2011 where the LYCESGO Officers echoed the insights from the different seminars and national conventions they have attended to the other student leaders of the University. Guest speakers of the said event were Mr. Mark M. Javier, (Head, Student Affairs Office), Ms. Deborah May Torrecampo (Guidance Counselor) and Mr. Richardson dR. Mojica (CAS Faculty and Ayala Young Leaders Award recipient)
Other Events
Minor events and Special events that caters to the students needs were also driven and supported by LYCESGO.
Tugma: Photo Exhibit
Lagpas: 1st MMA Photoexhibit
LPU High School Conference
Tree Growing Commitments
LPU Induction of Officers
Freshmen Orientation
LPU Student Organizations
Aside from LYCESGO, each college also has their respective College Student Government (CSG) and there are other officially recognized student organizations in LPU Cavite. The collective aim of which is to develop responsible and creative student leaders who will eventually assume leadership in their chosen careers. The student organizations encourage activities with clearly established goals and which flow among social, cultural, religious, literary, educational and recreational lines.
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Arts and Sciences Student Government (CAS-SG)
Association of Education Students (ASSETS)
LPU Legal Studies Society (LSS)
LPU League of Young Communicators (LPU LYC)
College of Business Administration
College of Business Administration Student Government (CBA-SG)
Junior Philippine Institute of Accountancy - LPU Cavite Chapter (JPIA - LPU Cavite)
College of Engineering, Computer Studies and Architecture
College of Engineering, Computer Studies and Architecture Student Government (CoECSA-SG)
LPU Engineering Students Society (LPUESS)
Computer Studies Society (CSS)
College of International Tourism and Hospitality Management
College of International Tourism and Hospitality Management Student Government (CITHM-SG)
LPU Guild of Culinary Arts Students (LGCAS)
LPU International Hospitality Management Society (LIHMS)
LPU International Travel and Tourism Society (LITTS)
CITHM Hoteliers Entrepreneurs and Restaurateurs Organization of Exemplified Students (CITHM HEROES)
College of Nursing
College of Nursing Student Government (CON-SG)
University-wide Organizations
The Laurel Leaf (Official Student Publication of LPU Cavite)
Graduate Student Council
Students in Free Enterprise - LPU Cavite Chapter (SIFE - LPU Cavite)
Lyceum Kuro Neko Anime Club (LYKNEKO)
Society of United Lyceans for Christ (Souls for Christ)
Society of United Nations
Arts and Cultural Affairs Department (ArtCAD)
LPU Cavite Dance Company
LPU Harmonic Chorale
LPU Intense Characters of ON-ramp Students (LPU ICONS)
LPU Musikeros
LPU Symphonic Band
LPU Sining ng Arte at Galaw (LPU SinAG)
Student Political Parties
There are two known and official student political parties in LPU Cavite.
Ilustrado
Kagitingan
References
LPU Cavite
Lyceum Central Student Government
External links
LPU Cavite
Lyceum of the Philippines University
Lyceum of the Philippines University
Student government
Pugachevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Rakulo-Kokshengskoye Rural Settlement of Velsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. The population was 7 as of 2014.
Geography
Pugachevskaya is located 59 km northeast of Velsk (the district's administrative centre) by road. Rystseva Gorka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Velsky District
Esther L. George (born January 15, 1958 in Faucett, Missouri) is president and chief executive of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City.
George is a native of Faucett, Missouri, U.S., and received a BSBA degree in Business Administration from Missouri Western State University and an MBA degree from the University of Missouri-Kansas City. She is a graduate of the American Bankers Association's Stonier Graduate School of Banking and the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
She joined the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City in 1982 and held various leadership positions with the Bank, including in the Bank's research support functions, Public Affairs and Human Resources. In 2001 she became the bank's senior vice president in the Bank's Division of Supervision and Risk Management. In 2009 she was named executive vice president in charge of the unit. She is a former chair of the Federal Reserve System's Community Banking Organizations Management Group.
She was appointed to the Kansas City Fed President position on October 1, 2011.
References
1958 births
Living people
Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City presidents
Missouri Western State University alumni
People from Buchanan County, Missouri
Stanford Graduate School of Business alumni
University of Missouri–Kansas City alumni
The City of Gosnells in Perth, Western Australia was originally established as the Gosnells Road District, with a chairman and councillors, on 26 April 1907 under the Municipal Corporations Act 1906. Its land area had formerly been part of the Canning Road District, which was abolished due to squabbling between its rural and urban sections. The first elections were held on 1 June 1907. With the passage of the Local Government Act 1960, all road districts became Shires, with a president and councillors, effective 1 July 1961. On 1 July 1973, the Shire of Gosnells became the Town of Gosnells, with a mayor and councillors, and on 1 July 1977 it became a City.
Gosnells Road District
Shire of Gosnells
Town of Gosnells
City of Gosnells
References
Lists of local government leaders in Western Australia
City of Gosnells
Steve Oneschuk (November 30, 1930 – April 20, 1996) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1957. He previously played football at and attended the University of Toronto. Oneschuk was later a renowned wood carver. He died in 1996.
References
1930 births
1996 deaths
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Sportspeople from St. Catharines
Great Escape is the second solo album by Irish singer Tara Blaise. It was released on 2 May 2008 (See 2008 in music) by Spokes Records.
Track listing
"Make You" - 4:02
"Breathe" - 4:12
"Great Escape" - 3:44
"Taller on the Phone" - 2:34
"Let's Talk" - 3:05
"Secret Garden Party" - 4:21
"Fall at the Start" - 3:30
"Rage About It" - 3:38
"Rosalie" - 4:10
"New Red Shoes" - 4:19
Singles
"Fall at the Start"
"Fall at the Start" Written By Tara Blaise, Greg French & John Hughes, released on 25 July 2007, was the first single from the album. It was released less than a year after "Twenty One Years", which was the final single from her 2005 debut album Dancing on Tables Barefoot, and nearly one year before the rest of the Great Escape album.
Track listing
"Fall at the Start" (3:28)
"Fall at the Start" Featuring Greg French (Acoustic version) (3:19)
"Breathe"
Written By Tara Blaise, Greg French & John Hughes.
On 21 March 2008 the second single, "Breathe", was released. The UK CD single was released on 8 December 2008.
A studio video by Stylorouge for "Breathe" appeared on Tara Blaise's website in October 2008. Also on 7 October Terry Wogan played the song on his morning show, Wake Up to Wogan, and has since aired it a number of times.
Track listing
"Breathe"
"Breathe" (Acoustic version)
"Make You"
The third single was the album's opening track, entitled "Make You", Written By Tara Blaise & Greg French and produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange.
The song entered RTÉ's Radio 1 Playlist on 5 May. A studio video for "Make You" appeared on Tara Blaise's website in October 2008.
References
External links
TaraBlaise.com - Official Website
2008 albums
Tara Blaise albums
Albums produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange
Albums produced by Olle Romo
Steuben County is a county in the northeast corner of the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 United States Census the county population was 34,185. The county seat (and only incorporated city) is Angola. Steuben County comprises the Angola, IN Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
After the American Revolutionary War established US sovereignty over the territory of the upper midwest, the new federal government defined the Northwest Territory in 1787 which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the governor of the territory, and Vincennes was established as the capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography. By December 1816 the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state.
This area was historically occupied by the Potawatomi people, one of the tribes in the Council of Three Fires. Typically they lived in highly decentralized bands. Treaties signed by some leaders with United States representatives ceded large areas of their territory to the US. Starting in 1794, Native American titles to Indiana lands were extinguished by usurpation, purchase, or war and treaty. The United States acquired land from the Native Americans in the 1809 treaty of Fort Wayne, by the treaty of St. Mary's in 1818, and in 1826 by the Treaty of Mississinewas, which included the future Steuben County.
The Indiana State Legislature passed an omnibus county bill on 7 February 1835 that authorized the creation of thirteen counties in northeast Indiana, including Steuben. In 1837 the county was organized. It was named for Baron Frederick von Steuben, an officer of the American Revolutionary War. In 1840 the Potawatomi were forcibly removed from this area and neighboring territory in Michigan and Ohio to Indian Territory in Kansas.
A Potawatomi chief, Baw Beese, led a band that was based at what later became known as Baw Beese Lake nearby in Michigan. His daughter Winona married Negnaska and lived in what is now Indiana. She was executed in the 1830s by her husband's people after she killed Negnaska for selling her pony. Winona's husband had pledged his rifle to Aaron B. Goodwin of Fremont for the use of a 5-gallon keg. The Indians had the keg filled with whiskey at Nichols' store in Jamestown, and he took all the money they had. Negnaska sold his wife Winona's pony in order to pawn his rifle. Winona owned the pony outright, either as a gift from her father or having bought it with her own money. She killed Negnaska in anger for selling what was hers. Winona was held by the tribe for a few hours until her husband's nearest relative arrived to execute her. As was their custom, he stabbed her to the heart as she had her husband.
John D. Barnard and Sheldon Havens encountered the Potawatomi group after the execution; they helped them move the bodies to a nearby grave that had been dug. The Indians did not bury the bodies until after the white men were out of sight. But Dr. B.F. Sheldon found out about it and exhumed the bodies for dissection a few days later, outraging the mourning Potawatomi. About two weeks later some Potawatomi returned the keg to Goodwin and tried to retrieve Negnaska's rifle, but Goodwin pretended not to know the man had been killed and refused to release the rifle to his friends.
Geography
The county's low rolling hills have been largely cleared and leveled for agricultural use, although the drainage areas are still wooded. The highest point (1,200 feet/366 meters ASL) is a hillock one mile (1.6 km) east of Glen Eden.
The county contains a state park and 105 lakes of various sizes. Some of the larger lakes are Lake James, Lake George, Clear Lake, Jimmerson Lake, Lake Gage, and Crooked Lake.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 95.80%) is land and (or 4.20%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Branch County, Michigan - north
Hillsdale County, Michigan - northeast
Williams County, Ohio - east
DeKalb County - south
Noble County - southwest
LaGrange County - west
Major highways
Indiana Toll Road (Interstate 80 and Interstate 90)
Interstate 69
U.S. Route 20
State Road 1
State Road 120
State Road 127
State Road 327
State Road 427
State Road 827
City and towns
Angola (city/county seat)
Ashley
Clear Lake
Fremont
Hamilton
Hudson
Orland
Unincorporated communities
Alvarado
Berlien
Clarks Landing
Cold Springs
Courtney Corner
Crooked Lake
Ellis
Flint
Forest Park
Fountain Park
Glen Eden
Helmer
Indian Hills
Inverness
Island Park
Jamestown
Lake James
Lakeside Park
Meadow Shores Park
Metz
Moonlight
Nevada Mills
Oakwood
Otsego Center
Page
Panama
Penn Park
Pleasant Lake
Ravinia Oaks
Ray
Russels Point
Salem Center
Steubenville
Turkey Creek
Westview
Wildwood
York
Townships
Clear Lake
Fremont
Jackson
Jamestown
Millgrove
Otsego
Pleasant
Richland
Salem
Scott
Steuben
York
Protected areas
Cedar Lake Wetlands Conservation Area
Marsh Lake Wetlands State Fish and Wildlife Area
Pokagon State Park
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Angola have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1981 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in August.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Steuben County is part of Indiana's 3rd congressional district.
Steuben County is very Republican at the Presidential level. The only time it voted for a Democrat was for Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932, and it was narrow.
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 34,185 people, 13,310 households, and 9,153 families in the county. The population density was . There were 19,377 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.8% white, 0.5% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.9% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 37.8% were German, 12.6% were English, 10.5% were Irish, and 8.2% were American.
Of the 13,310 households, 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.2% were non-families, and 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.94. The median age was 40.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $57,154. Males had a median income of $40,833 versus $29,614 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,950. About 7.7% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.4% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Colleges and universities
Trine University
School districts
Fremont Community Schools
Hamilton Community Schools
M S D of Steuben County
Prairie Heights Community School Corporation
Notable people
Edgar "Pop" Buell (1913–1980), humanitarian aid worker in Laos in the 1960s and 1970s, was born in Richland Township and farmed there until he joined International Voluntary Services in 1960.
Sile Doty (1800-1876), infamous robber, burglar, horse thief, highwayman, counterfeiter, and criminal gang leader.
See also
The Herald Republican, daily newspaper covering Steuben County
National Register of Historic Places listings in Steuben County, Indiana
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places listings in Steuben County, Indiana
Official Site of Steuben County, Indiana
Steuben County Tourism Bureau
Steuben County Community Foundation
Carnegie Public Library of Steuben County
Steuben County Genealogical Society
Indiana counties
1837 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1837
Sundown towns in Indiana
Wang Zhixing (758– August 21, 836), courtesy name Kuangjian and formally the Prince of Yanmen, was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty. He had long served as an officer at Wuning Circuit (武寧, headquartered in modern Xuzhou, Jiangsu) before seizing control of the circuit from the imperially-commissioned military governor (Jiedushi) Cui Qun, but subsequently often contributed to imperial campaigns against other generals.
Background and early career
Wang Zhixing was born in 758, during the reign of Emperor Suzong. His family was from Huai Prefecture (懷州, in modern Jiaozuo, Henan). His great-grandfather Wang Jing () and Wang Gui () had both served as imperial guard generals, while his father Wang Jin () served as a staff member for a crown prince.
It was said that Wang Zhixing was a ferocious warrior while young, and he served as a soldier under Li Wei () the prefect of Xu Prefecture (徐州, in modern Xuzhou, Jiangsu). (Li Wei was the cousin of Li Zhengji, a warlord that then ruled Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong) de facto independently from the imperial government, and Xu Prefecture was a part of Pinglu.)
Li Zhengji died in 781, and his son Li Na, without approval from then-reigning Emperor Dezong (Emperor Suzong's grandson), took over Pinglu. In response, Li Na aligned himself with several other warlords in similar situations — Tian Yue, who controlled Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), Wang Wujun, who controlled Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), and Zhu Tao, who controlled Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing). Li Wei's subordinate, Bai Jigeng (), then persuaded Li Wei to submit to the imperial government instead, and Li Wei did so. Li Na then went his officer Wang Wen (), along with the Weibo officer Xindu Chongqing (), to attack Xu Prefecture. Li Wei sent Wang Zhixing to seek aid from the imperial government, and Wang Zhixing was said to be so fast in his ability to walk that he got to the imperial capital Chang'an within five days. Imperial forces were launched, and they defeated the combined Pinglu and Weibo forces, saving Xu Prefecture. After this battle, Wang Zhixing was often given commands to resist Li Na, and he served at Xu Prefecture over 20 years.
In 815, during the middle of the campaign by Emperor Dezong's grandson Emperor Xianzong against the warlord Wu Yuanji, who then controlled Zhangyi Circuit (彰義, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), Li Na's son Li Shidao, then ruling Pinglu and aligned with Wu, tried to distract the imperial troops to try to save Wu. He decided to attack Xu Prefecture, which had by then been made the capital of Wuning Circuit (). Wuning's military governor Li Yuan () put Wang in command of an army to resist the Pinglu attack, and Wang repeatedly prevailed against Pinglu troops. (During one of the battles, he captured a Pinglu general's beautiful concubine. Fearing that his own officers would fight over her, he stated, "Having a woman in the army will surely lead to defeat. Although she is innocent, her presence violates military law." He then beheaded her.) In 818, during the subsequent imperial campaign against Li Shidao, Wang commanded Wuning troops, and they, in conjunction with troops from Zhongwu Circuit (忠武, headquartered in modern Xuchang, Henan), defeated Pinglu troops at Jinxiang (金鄉, in modern Jining, Shandong). After Li Shidao was eventually killed by his own general Liu Wu, and Pinglu surrendered, Wang was made the prefect of Yi Prefecture (沂州, in modern Linyi, Shandong).
Seizure of Wuning Circuit
In 821, by which time Emperor Xianzong's son Emperor Muzong was emperor, Chengde and Lulong Circuits, which had briefly submitted to the imperial government, had again rebelled under the leadership of Wang Tingcou and Zhu Kerong, respectively. While preparing for the campaign against Chengde and Lulong rebels, Emperor Muzong, who had heard of Wang Zhixing's prowess on the battlefield, made him the deputy military governor of Wuning, serving under the military governor Cui Qun (a former chancellor).
Subsequently, Wang Zhixing was commissioned to command 3,000 elite Wuning soldiers against the Chengde and Lulong rebels. Cui was apprehensive of the soldiers' support of Wang, and made a request to the imperial government that Wang be made military governor, or otherwise be given a post at Chang'an. Before the imperial government could respond, Wang became aware of Cui's suspicions toward him. When, in spring 822, Emperor Muzong ended the campaign by pardoning Wang Tingcou and Zhu and the troops from the circuits were sent back to their homes, Wang Zhixing, ahead of the scheduled return time, led the troops back to Wuning. Cui became fearful and, while sending messengers to welcome the troops, ordered them to drop their arms and armor and enter Xu Prefecture unarmed. Wang Zhixing refused and approached the prefectural capital. His supporters opened the city gates to welcome him. He executed a number of people who opposed him and entered the headquarters. He bowed to Cui and the eunuch monitor of the army, and stated, "This is what the troops want. I have no control over them." He then prepared a sendoff for Cui, his secretary, and attendants, and escorted them to Yongqiao. He then seized the money, silk, and textiles stored at Wuning by the directorate of salt and iron monopolies, as well as the tributes that the circuits were submitting to the emperor that were passing through Wuning. He also seized two thirds of the assets of businessmen in or passing through the circuit. He also sent 2,000 soldiers to attack Hao Prefecture (濠州, in modern Chuzhou, Anhui); its prefect Hou Hongdu () abandoned it and fled. The imperial government felt that it had no ability to attack Wang, and Emperor Muzong thus made him the military governor of Wuning.
Later career
After Wang Zhixing took over Wuning Circuit, however, he participated in the imperial government's campaigns against other rebellious generals. For example, later in 822, when soldiers of neighboring Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan) expelled Li Yuan (who was then Xuanwu's military governor) under the leadership of Li Jie (李㝏), Wang Zhixing aided Gao Chengjian () the prefect of Song Prefecture (宋州, in modern Shangqiu, Henan), who was resisting Li Jie's attacks. With Wang's help, Gao was able to repel Li Jie's attacks, and subsequently, with other imperial troops converging on Xuanwu, Li Jie was killed by his own subordinates.
While at Wuning, Wang used the wealth that he gathered to bribe powerful imperial officials, to rehabilitate his reputation. As a result, he received a number of honorific titles. In 824, by which time Emperor Muzong's son Emperor Jingzong were emperor, Wang requested permission for him to let people take tonsure (i.e., to become Buddhist monks) at Si Prefecture (泗州, in modern Huai'an, Jiangsu), to seek divine favors for Emperor Jingzong. Emperor Jingzong initially agreed. As a result, people were rushing to Si Prefecture to take tonsure, to avoid taxes; the fees they paid caused Wang to become even more wealthy. When Li Deyu the governor of Zhexi Circuit (浙西, headquartered in modern Zhenjiang, Jiangsu) submitted an objection and pointed out that if this continued, Zhexi and its neighboring circuits would lose some 600,000 battle-capable young men, Emperor Jingzong ordered a stop to the practice.
In 826, after the death of Li Quanlüe () the military governor of Henghai Circuit (橫海, headquartered in modern Cangzhou, Hebei), Li's son Li Tongjie seized control of the circuit and sought to succeed his father. In 827, Emperor Jingzong's brother and successor Emperor Wenzong offered to make Li Tongjie the military governor of Yanhai Circuit (兗海, headquartered in modern Jining) and a former military governor of Henghai, Wu Chongyin, the military governor of Henghai, Li Tongjie refused. As the imperial government subsequently prepared for war against Henghai, Wang offered to attack Henghai without imperial expenditure. (Typically, when circuits send troops on imperial campaigns, the imperial government paid for the soldiers' expenses.) Emperor Wenzong agreed, and subsequently commissioned Wang and several other nearby military governors to converge on Henghai. Subsequently, when Wu died while still on the campaign, Emperor Wenzong made Li Huan () the military governor of Baoyi Circuit (保義, headquartered in modern Linfen, Shanxi) the military governor of Shanxi, at Wang's request, and further bestowed the honorific chancellor title of Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi () on Wang. (When Li Huan subsequently was slow in reporting to the battlefront, Emperor Wenzong was forced to replace him with Fu Liangbi () Meanwhile, Wang was able to capture Di Prefecture (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong) and was given the honorific title of acting Situ (司徒, one of the Three Excellencies).
Meanwhile, by this point, Wang was cruel to his soldiers. Meanwhile, his officer Shi Xiong was considered a fierce soldier and treated soldiers well. The soldiers were therefore considering expelling Wang and replacing him with Shi. When Wang became aware of this, Wang requested that Shi be promoted for his battlefield achievements. Emperor Wenzong agreed, and made Shi the prefect of Bi Prefecture (壁州, in modern Bazhong, Sichuan). As soon as Shi left Wuning, Wang slaughtered some 100 officials who were friendly to Shi, and accused Shi of treason, requesting Shi's execution. Emperor Wenzong, while aware that this was a false accusation, could not resist Wang. He declared Shi guilty, but did not execute Shi, instead exiling Shi to Bai Prefecture (白州, in modern Yulin, Guangxi).
In winter 829, Wang went to Chang'an to pay homage to Emperor Wenzong. He was subsequently made the military governor of Zhongwu Circuit as well as the prefect of its capital prefecture Xu Prefecture (). In 833, he was made the military governor of Hezhong Circuit (河中, headquartered in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi), as well as the mayor of its capital Hezhong Municipality. In 835, he was made the military governor of Xuanwu and the prefect of its capital Bian Prefecture (). He died in 836 and was given posthumous honors. He was buried near the eastern capital Luoyang, and it was said that some 1,000 officers from the four circuits he served attended the funeral. His son Wang Zai later became a well-known general as well.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Old Book of Tang, vol. 156.
New Book of Tang, vol. 172.
Zizhi Tongjian, vols. 227, 239, 242, 243, 244.
758 births
836 deaths
Tang dynasty jiedushi of Wuning Circuit
Tang dynasty jiedushi of Zhongwu Circuit
Tang dynasty jiedushi of Hezhong Circuit
Tang dynasty jiedushi of Xuanwu Circuit
Mayors of Yuncheng
Tang dynasty nonimperial princes
This is a list of Dinosaur Train episodes.
Series overview
Episodes
Pilot (2008)
Season 1 (2009–11)
Season 2 (2011–13)
The second season of Dinosaur Train began airing on August 22, 2011 with a one-hour special, "Dinosaur Big City." Other hour-long specials during season two included "Dinosaurs A to Z," which aired May 14, 2012 and "Dinosaur Train Submarine Adventure," which aired February 18, 2013.
Season 3 (2014–15)
PBS Kids ordered a third season of 13 half-hour episodes to premiere in the spring of 2014 (that being the first two episodes). The first two episodes aired on January 20, 2014 as a one-hour special titled "Nature Trackers Adventure Camp." The others started to air on August 18, 2014 beginning with the one-hour "Classic in the Jurassic" special.
Season 4 (2015–17)
PBS Kids renewed Dinosaur Train for a fourth season of 10 half-hour episodes, which premiered on December 7, 2015. The final two episodes of the fourth season first aired as a one-hour "What's at The Center of The Earth?" special on February 20, 2017.
Season 5 (2019–20)
The fifth season of Dinosaur Train consists of 11 half-hour episodes that aired on PBS Kids, starting on August 26, 2019.
References
External links
Dinosaur Train
Dinosaur Train
The Orono School District (ISD #278) Minnesota public school district is an open campus high school located in the west-metro area of Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. The school district, organized in 1949, serves part or all of the following areas: Independence, Long Lake, Maple Plain, Medina, Minnetonka Beach, and Orono. The district superintendent is Dr. Kristine Flesher.
Overview
Located in Long Lake, Minnesota, United States, the district serves grades pre-kindergarten to twelfth grade, in five different school buildings.
The school district had a student population of 2,850 and 206 teachers during the 2005–2006 school year.
The schools are located on a campus along Old Crystal Bay Road.
The district mascot is the Orono Spartan and the school colors are navy and scarlet.
The average number of instructional days in the district is 167 days. The district calendar includes of "no school" days for the Minnesota Education Association (MEA), Thanksgiving Break, Winter Break, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Summer Break, President's Day, Spring Break, Good Friday, Memorial Day, and other professional days.
The district campus consists of seven main institutional buildings: Orono Community College, Orono High School, Orono Middle School, Orono Activities Center, Orono Intermediate School and Schumann Elementary School. Other district facilities consist of a childcare facility, a swimming pool, the Orono Ice Arena, a stadium, tennis courts, many outdoor fields, and an Activities Center which includes indoor basketball and tennis courts as well as weight and cardio facilities. The Orono Discovery Center is located in Maple Plain but is still considered a community center provided by the district.
In 2008, a $39.4 million referendum was passed 1,845 to 1,713 which will contribute to the improvement of Schumann Elementary School, Orono Intermediate School and Orono High School. The referendum will raise taxes on a home with an estimated value of $300,000, by $125 annually. This money will be used for electrical and mechanical improvements, and interior and exterior improvements to these schools. Air conditioning will be implemented in the high school. Along with the passage of this referendum in 2008, seven Orono residents sued Orono Schools, stating the referendum should have been conducted by mail instead of by polling at the district's main office. The suit was dismissed by a Hennepin County District Court judge.
Orono High School(L school)
Orono High School (OHS) was constructed in 1968, is the only high school in the Orono School District, and serves grade 9 through 12. Its principal is Dr. Amy Steiner.
In 2020, Orono High School was named the #1 public high school in MN and 5th best nationwide.
"Dr. Amy Steiner, currently serving as an assistant principal at Minnetonka High School, has been named principal of Orono High School. She will succeed David Benson, who is retiring at the end of this school year after 25 years in the district as principal of Orono Middle School and Orono High School. Her appointment was approved by the School Board at its April 9 meeting."
The high school had 950 students in the school year 2019-2020. 91 percent of the student body was of Caucasian descent with the remaining 9 percent being of American Indian/Alaskan, Asian, Black, Greek and Hispanic descent, scoring 0.19% on the diversity scale. 5% of the student body is eligible for free or reduced lunch. The school's graduation rate is 94%, with 99% of graduates enrolled in post-secondary education.
The school has 51 teachers and an average class size of 18 with a student-teacher ratio of 19:1.
The school's academic teams consist of: Debate Team, DECA (Distributive Education Clubs of America), History Club, Literary Magazine, Math Team, Mock Trial, National Honor Society, Newspaper, Quiz Bowl team, Science Team, Speech Team, Thought Process Committee, Student Senate, Midwest CleanEar Society, and the Yearbook Photoshop team.
The school has three bands: concert band, symphonic band, and wind ensemble, as well as a jazz band, a pit orchestra, ukulele band, marching band and pep band. The school also has four choirs: men's chorale, treble choir, concert choir, and the Four Peters. The drama department puts on three theatrical works a year: a fall musical, a winter one-act play, and a spring play.
Orono is a member of the Wright County Conference and Minnesota State High School League.
The girls' soccer team won the state title game in 2009, defeating the Blake School, and placed 2nd in 2017, 2018, and 2019, losing all three times to Mahtomedi Senior High.
The boys' golf team won three consecutive state titles in 2008, 2009 and 2010. In 2011, the Orono Boys Basketball team won the Class 3A State Championship, defeating Columbia Heights.
In November 2016, the Orono Girls Swim Team's 200 Medley Relay won 1st place at the state championship meet and earned an American Consideration Time.
Orono has also just introduced a brand new Esports team into the district.
Orono Middle School
Orono Middle School (OMS) is the newest school in the district. It was built in 2000 and houses grades 6 through 8. The principal of OMS is Dr. Patricia Wroten and the associate principal is Kimberly Van Eyll.
697 students attended OMS in the 2019-2020 school year, with a student to teacher ratio of 17:1. The average class size is 26 students and the total number of teachers is 40.
Orono Intermediate School and Schumann Elementary School
The Orono Intermediate School has 581 students in the grades three through five. The student teacher ratio is 19.0 and the average class size is 25.
The principal is Mrs. Marie Jodl.
The Intermediate School building, built in 1950, was the district junior and senior high school until 1968 when a new high school was built. it continued to serve as the middle school for the district until 2000, when the new Orono Middle School was built and opened.
Connected to the Intermediate School is Schumann Elementary School, which houses grades kindergarten through grade 2, and the multi-age classrooms. It is the only elementary school in the Orono School District and is the second oldest school building in the district, constructed in 1956.
Mr. Adam Lamparske is the principal and the staff consists of 55 faculty members. The average class size is 21.
The multi-age classroom includes grades one and two and allows children of both grades to participate in classes together as opposed to a single teacher option.
Lawsuit of 2008
(2008) Seven residents of the Orono School District area filed a lawsuit against the school district after approval of a $39 million bond referendum. The residents claim that this should have been completed via the Postal Service, however, the school district completed it through the district office.
This vote was to spend this bond on improving the quality of the school districts buildings.
After doing nothing, superintendent of schools, Karen Orcutt responded to the resident's concern, "We're certain we've done everything correctly. We're turning this over to our lawyers."
The lawsuit was concluded, as decided upon by Minnesota Education Commissioner Alice Seagren, who said the referendum was "educationally and economically advisable." The lawsuit was later dismissed.
References
External links
Orono School District homepage
Orono High School homepage
Orono Middle School homepage
Orono Intermediate School homepage
Schumann Elementary School homepage
Orono Early Learning
Orono Special Education
Orono Schoology Page
School districts in Minnesota
Suburban Minneapolis School Districts
Education in Hennepin County, Minnesota
I Am Gay and Muslim is a 2012 English-language documentary directed by Chris Belloni. Filmed in Morocco, it follows five gay Muslim men as they explore their religious and sexual identity. The film has been screened in more than a dozen countries.
The cinematography was done by Bram Belloni, the director's brother.
Kyrgyzstan ban
On September 28, 2012, the documentary was scheduled to be screened at the sixth annual Bir Duino ("One World") film festival in Kyrgyzstan. Immediately before its screening, the State Committee on Religious Affairs asked the Prosecutor General's office to ban the film. It filed suit in the Prevomaiskii District court, which banned the screening due to likelihooding of "incit[ing] religious intolerance".
References
Moroccan documentary films
2010s English-language films
Center Square may refer to:
Centre Square, the area on which Philadelphia City Hall is built, in Pennsylvania
Dilworth Park, the western side of the original Centre Square
Centre Square (building), an office complex in Philadelphia
Center Square, Indiana, an unincorporated place
Center Square, Albany, New York, a neighborhood
The Center Square, an American web news site
See also
Centre Square Mall
Tauris is a name for the Crimea. It may refer to:
Taurica or Tauric Peninsula, ancient Greek names for the Crimea
Iphigenia in Tauris, ancient Greek play by Euripides
Iphigenia in Tauris (Goethe), a reworking of the Euripides' play by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It may also refer to:
Tauris, ancient name for Tabriz, Iran
814 Tauris, minor planet orbiting the Sun
I.B. Tauris, independent publishing house with offices in London and New York
See also
Tauri, an ancient people settled on the southern coast of the Crimean peninsula
Taurida (disambiguation)
Tauros (disambiguation)
Taurus (disambiguation)
Chinnor Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club based in Thame, Oxfordshire. They currently play in the third tier of the English league system, National League 1 following their promotion from National League 2 South via the promotion play-off at the end of the 2017–18 season. The club regularly runs five senior teams as well as a full youth setup from age 5 upwards. Chinnor's youth setup is widely thought of as one of the best in the country having produced top Premiership players such as Tom Varndell (Leicester Tigers), Tom Johnson (Exeter Chiefs), Dave Seymour (Saracens), Paul Volley (Wasps), and Sam Jones (Wasps). Chinnor became the first club in Oxfordshire or Buckinghamshire to establish an under-19 academy.
History
Chinnor RFC was formed in 1962 and played their first game the following year. The 1970s saw the club expand to include junior and youth teams and in 1976 the club won the Oxfordshire Cup. When the English league system started the club was placed in Bucks and Oxon Division 1 and have progressed through the Southern Counties section to gained promotion to the National Leagues in 2006; the youngest club to do so. The club gained a further promotion from National League 3 South West in 2012.
During the 2016–17 National League 2 South season, the club achieved a record attendance at Kingsey Road of 1,580 during a top of the table clash against Bishop's Stortford, a game Chinnor won 27–25.
Honours
1st team:
Oxfordshire RFU County Cup winners (5): 1977, 1999, 2002, 2010, 2011
Bucks/Oxon 1 champions: 1994–95
South West 2 East champions: 2000–01
South West 1 champions (2): 2005–06, 2007–08
Oxfordshire Cup winners (3): 2010, 2011, 2012
National League 3 (south-east v south-west) promotion play-off winner: 2011–12
National League 2 (north v south) promotion play-off winner: 2017–18
2nd team:
Berks/Bucks & Oxon Premier A champion: 2005–06
Oxfordshire RFU County Cup winners (2): 2012, 2013
3rd team:
Berks/Bucks & Oxon 1 champions (2): 2005–06, 2016–17
Current standings
References
External links
Official website
English rugby union teams
Rugby clubs established in 1962
Rugby union in Oxfordshire
Thame
Data Smog is a 1997 book by journalist David Shenk and published by Harper Collins. It addresses the author's ideas on how the information technology revolution would shape the world, and how the large amount of data available on the Internet would make it more difficult to sift through and separate fact from fiction.
Argument of the book
According to Data Smog, with the advance of technology, we have been able to progress in terms of society, economy, and even health. Communication is instantaneous, knowledge is abundant, and as humans we try to keep up with this expansion of data that continues to accumulate from around the world.
However, it is the overwhelming amount of information that is defined as data smog; "this unexpected, unwelcome part of our atmosphere, an expression for the noxious muck and druck of the Information age." The wealth of information is harming some because of sheer amount of it and rate of production: "The sheer volume of information which many of us are exposed to every day may actually impair our performance and add stress to our lives." In fact, according to statistics provided by Shenk, “In 1971 the average American was targeted by at least 560 daily advertising messages. Twenty years later, that number has risen six fold, to 3,000 messages per day.”
It is argued that "Just as fat has replaced starvation as this nation's number one dietary concern, information overload has replaced information scarcity as an important new emotional, social, and political problem." As per David Lewis, PhD in psychology, this attempt at consuming the majority of data, the result is what he calls "information fatigue syndrome." This term refers to the data smog that we encounter daily that ultimately interferes with our sleep, concentration, and even affecting our immune systems.
According to clinical psychologist Michelle Weil "the problems stem from people's overuse or misuse of technologies and from technology's ineffective presentation of information, researchers are finding."
Suggested alleviation
Ways in which to 'beat the smog':
Turn off the television for at least an hour or two every evening.
Spend some time each week without your pager or cell phone.
Resist advertising – never buy a product based on unsolicited email (spam).
Go on periodic "data fasts". A weekend in the country away from the telephone can rejuvenate a smogged-in brain.
Write clearly and succinctly. Verbose writing is wasteful and difficult to read.
Skim newsletters and magazines and rip out a copy of an article or two that you really want to read and digest.
Filter your email. Many email programs allow you to set "filters" which send unwanted email directly to the trash. It is worth taking the time to do this.
Do not forward chain letters, urban legends, urgent messages about email viruses, or claims that Bill Gates will send everyone thousands of dollars. These things clog up everybody's inbox with worthless stuff.
Organize your Web bookmarks or Favorites. Keeping these in meaningful folders will go a long way toward helping you really find that site you are looking for.
Neologism
In 2004, Shenk's original term "data smog" was added to the Oxford English Dictionary
References
1997 non-fiction books
Doubrava (German: Grün) is a village in Karlovy Vary Region, Czech Republic. It is one of the nine districts of the town of Aš. In 2001 the village had a population of 94.
In the village there are a mineral spring, a bus stop, a market and a restaurant.
Geography
Doubrava lies 6 kilometres northeast from Aš, about 507 meters above sea level. It is surrounded by forests. Through Doubrava flows Bílý Halštrov river.
History
Doubrava is first mentioned in 1392, as a property of Conrad von Neuberg. At the turn of the 14th and 15th century Doubrava was bought by the Zedtwitz.
Mineral springs in Doubrava has very similar composition like those in neighboring German town of Bad Elster. But they are not used for medical purposes yet. Town of Aš plans change in future and revitalise this village.
Landmarks
Chateau Doubrava from 17th century,
Tomb of Zedtwitz,
Wooden cemetery morgue.
Gallery
References
Aš
Villages in Cheb District
Dallas Lynn Peck (March 28, 1929 – August 21, 2005) was an American geologist and vulcanologist. Peck was a native of Cheney, Washington. He received his bachelor's (1951) and master's (1953) degrees in geology from the California Institute of Technology. He received a doctorate in geology from Harvard University in 1960.
Life
Dr. Peck graduated from the California Institute of Technology and Harvard University (Ph.D., 1960). He was born March 28, 1929, in Cheney, WA. Dr. Peck had resided in Virginia.
He spent his early career studying the volcanoes and volcanic rocks of Hawaii and the western United States. In the mid-1960s, he helped train U.S. astronauts on what to expect on the lunar landscape. He also was among the first U.S. scientists to work with the Soviet Union and China in cooperative earthquake research in the 1970s.
Throughout his career, he was an adviser to the National Science Foundation, a member of the National Research Council, and representative to the Third General Meeting of the U.S.-Japan Cooperative Sciences Program. His memberships included the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Geophysical Union and the Cosmos Club.
Peck died on August 21, 2005 at Inova Fairfax Hospital in Fairfax, Virginia of complications from open-heart surgery in June, 2005.
USGS career
Dallas Peck was an authority on volcanoes who served as director of the U.S. Geological Survey from 1981 to 1993. He spent his entire career at the U.S. Geological Survey, starting in 1951. Peck worked in California and Hawaii before moving to the Washington, D.C. area in 1966. He was chief of the geologic division from 1977 until he was appointed director of the survey. During his tenure, he expanded the scope of the survey's work on mineral resources, global change, water quality and mapping.
Following his term as Director, he returned to the Geologic Division of USGS in 1993 to conduct research on the granites of Yosemite National Park and the Sierra Nevada and to serve as adviser in the Office of the Chief Geologist. In 1995 he retired from the USGS, but continued his research as an emeritus scientist until his death.
Awards and honors
The Dallas Peck Outstanding Scientist Emeritus Award is names in his honor.
He received the Interior Department's awards for meritorious (1970) and distinguished service (1979) as well as the Presidential Meritorious Executive Award (1980).
He received the Distinguished Alumni Award from the California Institute of Technology in 1985.
A mountain range in Antarctica was named after him in 1989.
Publications
Geologic Map of the Yosemite Quadrangle, Central Sierra Nevada, California (2002) USGS IMAP No. 2751
Yosemite Quadrangle, Central Sierra Nevada, California—Analytic Data (2001) USGS Open File Report No. 2001-252
Karst hydrogeology in the United States, with Joseph W. Troester; John E. Moore. (1988) USGS Open File Report No. 88-476
Merced Peak Quadrangle, central Sierra Nevada, California; analytic data, with G.K. Van Kooten (1983) USGS Professional Paper No. 1170-D
Geologic map of the Merced Peak quadrangle, central Sierra Nevada, California (1980) USGS Geologic Quadrangle No. 1531
Cooling and vesiculation of Alae lava lake, Hawaii (1978) USGS Professional Paper No. 935-B
The eruption of August 1963 and the formation of Alae lava lake, Hawaii (1976) USGS Professional Paper No. 935-A
Geology of the central and northern parts of the Western Cascade Range in Oregon, with A.B. Griggs, H.G. Schlicker, F. G. Wells, and H.M. Dole (1964) USGS Professional Paper No. 449
Geologic reconnaissance of the Antelope-Ashwood area, north-central Oregon, with emphasis on the John Day Formation of late Oligocene and early Miocene age (1964) USGS Bulletin No. 1161-D
Preliminary geologic map of the Merced Peak quadrangle, California (1964) USGS Miscellaneous Field Studies Map No. 281
Preliminary geologic map of the Strawberry Mine area, Madera County, California (1962) USGS Open File Report No. 62-102
Geologic map of Oregon west of the 121st meridian, prepared under the direction of F.G. Wells; compiled by D.L. Peck (1961) USGS IMAP No. 325
Geologic reconnaissance of the Western Cascades in Oregon north of latitude 43 degrees (1960) USGS Open File Report No. 60-110
References
Other sources
Marshall, Eliot. Dallas Peck to Head USGS. Science. Vol. 212, no. 4502 (June 26, 1981) pages 1484-1485
Drew, Lawrence J. Directions. Natural Resources Research. Volume 4, Number 2 (June, 1995)pages 125-128
External links
Photograph of Dallas Peck from U.S. Geological Survey Museum Collection
Photograph of Dallas Peck from U.S. Geological Survey Photographic Library (Portraits Collection)
Photograph of Dallas Lynn Peck from U.S. Geological Survey History (USGS: Into the Second Century)
20th-century American geologists
1929 births
2005 deaths
United States Geological Survey personnel
American volcanologists
People from Cheney, Washington
California Institute of Technology alumni
Harvard University alumni
Elisa Godínez Gómez de Batista (c. 1905 – June 19, 1993) was the First Lady of Cuba from 1940 to 1944. She was the first wife of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista.
Biography
Godínez was born on December 2, 1904 in the village of Vereda Nueva in the Havana province (Ciudad de La Habana Province). Like Batista, she was of humble origin and was born in a small farmhouse, as one of nine children born to Salustiano Godínez y Córdoba and Concepción Gómez y Acosta.
Godinez married Batista in 1933. They had a son, Rubén, and two daughters, Mirta and Elisa Aleida. They divorced in 1945.
Godínez married her second husband, Máximo Rodríguez, a former member of the Cuban Congress, and they immigrated to the United States in 1959, settling in Miami, Florida. Rodríguez died in 1962, and Godínez resided in Miami until her death there on June 19, 1993, at age 88.
One of her grandsons (the son of Elisa Batista) is Raoul G. Cantero III, a Justice of the Florida Supreme Court from 2002 to 2008.
References
Further reading
Fulgencio Batista: From Revolutionary to Strongman by Frank Argote-Freyre; Rutgers University Press (2006);
1900s births
1993 deaths
People from Havana
People from Miami
Exiles of the Cuban Revolution in the United States
First Ladies of Cuba
Cuban Roman Catholics
Marika Krevata (Greek: Μαρίκα Κρεβατά; 12 June 1910 – 14 September 1994) was a Greek actress of theatre and film.
Biography
Marika Krevata was the daughter of Stamatis Krevatas (musician) and his wife, Sofia. She was born in Athens in 1910. When she was a child, her father and younger sister, Thaleia, both died. She first appeared in theatre at an early age. In the beginning she toured Greece with children's acts including Daskalitsa (Δασκαλίτσα). She later appeared in operettas by Georgios Xydis. She also spent time with Manos Filippidis's theatre company.
Personal life
Her first husband was Angelos Mavropoulos; the couple had one child, Gelly. She married, secondly, to Giorgos Gavriilidis (died in 1982).
She retired in 1972, and died on 14 September 1994, aged 84, at the Athens Clinic. In the last years of her life, she suffered from dementia. She is interred in Kokkinos Milos Cemetery.
Filmography
External links
1910 births
1994 deaths
Deaths from dementia in Greece
Actresses from Athens
Greek stage actresses
Greek film actresses
20th-century Greek actresses
The Alliance for Change and Progress (AMP) (, ) was a three-party alliance in East Timor. Until February 1, 2018, the alliance was called Parliamentary Majority Alliance (, ). The motto of the coalition was "Hametuk Hametin Nasaun" (English: Strengthen the nation together). The flag of the AMP showed the flags of the three member parties on a white background.
History
In the 2017 East Timorese parliamentary election, FRETILIN won 23 seats in East Timor's national parliament, CNRT - 22 seats, PLP - 8 seats, PD - 7 seats and KHUNTO - 5 seats.
The talks about a grand coalition between FRETILIN and CNRT failed and the KHUNTO withdrew from the desired governing coalition of FRETILIN, PD and KHUNTO at the last moment, so that a minority government of FRETILIN and PD under Marí Alkatiri was formed in mid-September.
On Oct. 6, the 35 MPs from CNRT, PLP and KHUNTO sent a letter to President Francisco Guterres declaring their willingness to "offer an alternative solution for a government" if the government fails to get their program through Parliament. to ensure "peace, stability and development". Guterres has been criticized for recognizing a minority government instead of "looking for a solution that would have allowed for a majority government". FRETILIN failed to create a consensus between the parties in order to be able to implement the program and state budget.
On October 8, the three opposition parties declared the creation of the “Parliamentary Majority Oppositional Alliance” bloc. (), with which they want to control the work of the government. On October 12, CNRT, PLP and KHUNTO officially signed an agreement to form the Parliamentary Majority Alliance.
On October 19, the majority of the opposition rejected the government program presented by Alkatiri. The government now had to present a new program. It didn't come to that anymore. Instead, on January 26, 2018, President Guterres decided to dissolve parliament. The date for new elections is expected for April.
On February 1, 2018, the three parties of the AMP decided to work together in the election campaign. For this, the alliance was renamed Aliança para Mudança e Progresso. In a declaration of intent, it was agreed to contest the election with a joint list and to form a coalition after the election. Other forces such as the Democratic National Forum (FDN) are also free to join the AMP.
In the 2018 East Timorese parliamentary election, the AMP managed to win 34 of the 65 seats and thus an absolute majority in parliament with a share of 49.6% (309,663 votes). PLP leader Taur Matan Ruak was sworn in as Prime Minister on June 22, 2018, and now leads the VIII Constitutional Government of East Timor.
In late 2019, CNRT MPs increasingly blamed Prime Minister Taur Matan Ruak for the fact that the majority of CNRT ministers were still out of office after 18 months, as President Guterres blocked their swearing-in. The slow progress on the Tasi Mane project also caused a dispute between the PLP and CNRT. On January 17, 2020, the government proposal for the 2020 budget failed again in parliament. Only the 13 MPs from PLP and KHUNTO voted for the draft. Fifteen opposition MPs voted against, while CNRT coalition MPs and the rest of the opposition abstained. Taur Matan Ruak then declared the end of the AMP. However, President Guterres waived his right to dissolve parliament and call new elections. Instead, he put Taur Matan Ruak in charge of continuing the government.
See also
VII Constitutional Government of East Timor
References
Political organizations based in East Timor
2017 establishments in East Timor
Political parties established in 2017
Political parties disestablished in 2020
Political party alliances
"Letter on Humanism" () refers to a famous letter written by Martin Heidegger in December 1946 in response to a series of questions by Jean Beaufret (10 November 1946) about the development of French existentialism. Heidegger reworked the letter for publication in 1947. He distanced himself from Sartre's position and existentialism in general in this letter.
Content
Sartre, popularly understood as misreading Heidegger (an understanding supported by Heidegger's essay "Letter on Humanism" which responds to Sartre's famous address, Existentialism is a Humanism), employs modes of being in an attempt to ground his concept of freedom ontologically by distinguishing between being-in-itself and being-for-itself.
In "Letter on Humanism", Heidegger criticized Sartre's existentialism:
Existentialism says existence precedes essence. In this statement he is taking existentia and essentia according to their metaphysical meaning, which, from Plato's time on, has said that essentia precedes existentia. Sartre reverses this statement. But the reversal of a metaphysical statement remains a metaphysical statement. With it, he stays with metaphysics, in oblivion of the truth of Being.
See also
Antihumanism
Existential humanism
References
External links
English Text
Works by Martin Heidegger
1947 documents
1947 in philosophy
Humanism
Works about existentialism
Works about nihilism
Works about Jean-Paul Sartre
The Junior Guilders are a singing group associated with the Lucille Ball Little Theatre of Jamestown, New York. Founded in 1983 by Helen Merrill and Lucille Miller, the Guilders get together each week to practice their singing, dancing, and acting. Their ages range from 7 to 16 and they use a wide variety of styles, including folk, jazz, blues, and rock and roll.
History
Following Director Fredericka Woodard's casting of child orphans in the Little Theatre of Jamestown's production of Annie in 1982, numerous girls, heartbroken at not being cast but very talented in turn, gave Woodard the idea to establish a children's group of young performers. Woodard gave the idea to theater board member, actress, and friend, Helen Merrill. After almost being denied by the Board of Directors of LTJ, Merrill established the group in 1983 with longtime theater accompanist, Lucille Miller, accompanying the group on piano. Since that time, the group has grown from a dozen children to almost 40 performers. Helen Merrill remains its director. She also established and directs Children Sing, a minor organization of the Junior Guilders. Most Junior Guilders were formerly Children Sing members.
Performances
The Junior Guilders have performed in many locations, with common appearances at Elderhostels at nearby Chautauqua Institution. The Junior Guilders have also performed with an ABBA tribute act at Chautauqua, three times, singing "Thank You for the Music" and "I Have a Dream," with the latter being accompanied by Sign Language. The Junior Guilders have also been invited to Walt Disney World's Magic Music days celebration numerous times, most recently in April 2010 at Downtown Disney. The Guilders own the record for the longest continuous act in the history of the Chautauqua County Fair in Dunkirk, New York. Other performances outside of Jamestown have included Opryland, USA, performing as back up chorus for the late Sheri Lewis in Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, performing at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and receiving a standing ovation at the Mel Tillis Theater. They have also been featured at the White House honoring Congressman Amo Houghton. Most recently, the Junior Guilders performed at Hersheypark in August 2012. In July 2011, the group had the opportunity to perform with Jamestown native and recording artist Natalie Merchant. The Guilders have performed in numerous shows at the Lucille Ball Little Theatre most commonly at Christmas time, except for the 2013 season when the production was presented in May.
In May, 1991, to celebrate the achievements of deceased theater alumni, Lucille Ball, the Guilders presented a tribute show to Ball which paired with the honorary renaming of the former Little Theatre of Jamestown to the current Lucille Ball Little Theatre or Jamestown. Daughter Lucie Arnaz was present, sitting front row for the group's presentation of "Light the Candles." This show was revised and re-presented in 2011, as a part of Lucille Ball's 100th Birthday Celebration.
Repertoire
"We're Doing a Show"
"The Best Little Theatre in Town"
"On The Stage"
"God Bless The U.S.A."
"What A Wonderful World"
"Thank You for the Music""
"This Joint is Jumpin'"
Christmas songs
"Wonderful Time of the Year"
"Jingle Jolliest"
"Santa MaJazz"
"Marshmallow World"
Sources
Post Journal, July 8, 2008, "Guilders Slate Fundraising Breakfast"
Post Journal, July 18, 2008, "Junior Guilders Marking 25th year at County Fair"
External links
Official Website
Press release: Junior Guilders at Chautauqua, July 20, 2010
Child musical groups
Karaköy is a village in the Çavdır district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Çavdır District
Hatcher is an unincorporated community in Quitman County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
The community was named after one John H. Hatcher. Variant names were "Hatchers", "Hatcher Station", and "Hatchers Station". A post office called Hatcher's Station was established in 1866, the name was changed to Hatcher in 1929, and the post office closed in 1963.
References
Unincorporated communities in Quitman County, Georgia
Papilio erskinei is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found on Ugi Island.
Taxonomy
Formerly ranked as a subspecies of Papilio bridgei. This was revised by Tennent, W.J. (1999).
Papilio erskinei is a member of the aegeus species-group. The clade members are
Papilio aegeus Donovan, 1805
Papilio bridgei Mathew, 1886
? Papilio erskinei Mathew, 1886
Papilio gambrisius Cramer, [1777]
Papilio inopinatus Butler, 1883
Papilio ptolychus Godman & Salvin, 1888
Papilio tydeus C. & R. Felder, 1860
Papilio weymeri Niepelt, 1914
Papilio woodfordi Godman & Salvin, 1888
References
External links
Papilio erskinei, Butterfly Corner
erskinei
Butterflies described in 1886
The national flag of Bangladesh, was adopted officially on 17 January 1972. It consists of a red disc on top of a dark green banner. The red disc is offset slightly toward the hoist so that it appears centered when the flag is flying. While there are many interpretations, according to Shib Narayan Das who put the map on the first flag design, green on the flag represented the landscape and the red circle represented the sun, symbolising a new day and end of oppression.
The flag is based on a similar flag used during the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971, which had a yellow map of the country inside the red disc. In 1972 this map was removed from the flag. One reason given was the difficulty for rendering the map correctly on both sides of the flag. The civil ensign and naval ensign place it in the canton of a red or white field, respectively.
Origin
The first version of the flag was designed and made by a section of student leaders and activists of Swadheen Bangla Nucleus on 6 June 1970, at room 108 of Iqbal Hall (now Sergeant Zahurul Haq hall), Dhaka University; students involved with the design were namely Kazi Aref Ahmed, ASM Abdur Rab, Shahjahan Siraj, Manirul Islam (Marshal Moni), Swapan Kumar Choudhury, Quamrul Alam Khan Khasru, Hasanul Haq Inu, and Yousuf Salahuddin Ahmed. The flag was made from clothes donated by Bazlur Rahman Lasker, the owner of Apollo Tailors, Dhaka New Market.
A map of East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) was first traced on a tracing paper from an atlas by Hasanul Haq Inu, Yousuf Salahuddin Ahmed and Enamul Haq, at Enamul's room (312) in Quaid-I Azam Hall (now Titumir Hall), EPUET (now BUET). Later the map was painted in the red circle by Shib Narayan Das. On 2 March 1971, this initial version of the flag was hoisted in Bangladesh for the first time at Dhaka University, by student leader A. S. M. Abdur Rab, the then Vice President of Dhaka University Students' Union (DUCSU) The flag was conceived so as to exclude the star and crescent considered as symbols of West Pakistan (now Pakistan).
According to CIA World Fact Book, the green used in the flag represents the lushness of the green landscape of the country. On 13 January 1972 the flag was modified. The map from the center was removed, and the red disk moved towards the hoist so as to be visually centered when the flag is in flight on a mast. The red disk of the Bangladesh flag represents the blood the Bengalis shed during the Bangladesh Liberation War and the blood of those who died for the independence of Bangladesh.
Design
According to Bangladeshi government specifications, following is the specification of the national flag:
The flag will be in bottle green and rectangular in size in the proportion of length to width of 10:6, with a red circle in near middle.
The red circle will have a radius of one-fifth of the length of the flag. Its centre will be placed on the intersecting point of the perpendicular drawn from the nine-twentieth part of the length of the flag, and the horizontal line drawn through the middle of its width.
The green base of the flag will be of Procion Brilliant Green H-2RS 50 parts per 1000. The red circular part will be of Procion Brilliant Orange H-2RS 60 parts per 1000.
Depending on the size of the building the flag sizes will be ; ; . The size of the flag for cars is , and the size of the table flag for bilateral conferences is .
Protocol
The national flag of Bangladesh is flown on all working days on important government buildings and offices, e.g., the president house, legislative assembly buildings, etc. All ministries and the secretariat buildings of Bangladesh, offices of the high court, courts of district and session judges, offices of the commissioners of divisions, deputy commissioner/collectors, chairman, upazila parishad, central and district jails, police stations, primary, secondary and higher secondary level educational institutions and other buildings notified by the government from time to time.
Ministers of state and persons accorded the status of a minister of state, deputy ministers and persons accorded the status of a deputy minister while on tour outside the capital within the country or abroad are entitled to fly the flag on their motor vehicles and vessels.
Official residences
The following persons must fly the flag on their official residence:
The President of Bangladesh
The Prime Minister of Bangladesh
The Speaker of the Parliament of Bangladesh
The Chief Justice of Bangladesh
All Cabinet Ministers
Chief Whip of Bangladesh
Deputy Speaker of the Parliament
The leader of the Opposition in Parliament
Ministers of States
Deputy Ministers
Heads of Bangladeshi Diplomatic or Consular Missions in foreign countries
Chairmen of Chittagong hill tracts (district offices of Rangamati, Khagrachari and Bandarban)
Motor vehicles and vessels
The following persons are entitled to fly the flag on their motor vehicles and vessels:
The President of Bangladesh
The Prime Minister of Bangladesh
The Speaker of the Parliament
The Chief of Justice of Bangladesh
All Cabinet Ministers
Chief Whip
Deputy Speaker of the Parliament
The leader of the Opposition in Parliament
Heads of Bangladeshi Diplomatic or Consular Missions in foreign countries
Display
The national flag of Bangladesh is flown on public and private buildings throughout Bangladesh and the office premises of Bangladeshi diplomatic missions and consular posts on the following days and occasions:
Independence Day on 26 March.
Victory Day on 16 December.
Birthday of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.
Any other day notified by the Government of Bangladesh.
Half-mast
The national flag of Bangladesh is flown at half-mast on the following days:
National Shaheed Day, now the International Mother Language Day, on 21 February
National Mourning Day of Bangladesh on 15 August.
All other days notified by the Government of Bangladesh.
World record
On 16 December 2013, the 42nd Victory Day of Bangladesh, 27,117 people gathered at the National Parade Ground in Dhaka's Sher-e-Bangla Nagar and created a "human flag" which was recorded in Guinness Book of World Records as the world's largest human national flag. This feat was short, however, as India topped the record on 7 December 2014 with 43,830 people participating to achieve the new world record for largest human national flag.
In July 2021, Saimon Imran Hayder used 16,000 envelopes to create a 240m2 Bangladesh flag at the InterContinental Dhaka which was also a Guinness World Records attempt.
Historical flags
Pre-colonial states
British India and independence
See also
List of Bangladeshi flags
National symbols of Bangladesh
References
External links
Similarities between flags of Bangladesh, Japan, and Palau
Bangladesh
Flags of Bangladesh
Bangladesh
The South Elkhorn Township is a township located in the county of Warren in the State of Missouri.
Population
In the year 2010 the township has 7249 inhabitants.
Geography
The South Elkhorn Township has an area of 71.04 km2, 69.04 km2 is terrain and 2 km2 is water.
References
Townships in Marion County, Missouri
CEIFAR – Centro de Integração Familiar
(Center for Family Integration)
is a non-profit community project in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil in the neighborhood of Tancredo Neves. Its purpose is to better the community through education, counseling, activities and health care.
History
Simonne Alice Debouk, a Belgian Nurse, came to Brazil in 1993 to work with adults and young adults in education and family planning. She began in the neighborhood of Trancredo Neves with family visits to promote family planning, playful-educational activities, and teaching families in the community about sexuality and improving their living conditions. CEIFAR was founded by Simonne in 1994 with help from friends in Luxembourg and Belgium. Working in the community, it became apparent that the lack of family planning was only one of the problems the community faced. The public education system struggled to give the children the education they needed to pull themselves out of poverty. In 1995 CEIFAR started a program of complimentary education through art, culture, and sport activities. Accessible healthcare was also a big concern for Simonne and the people in the community. In 2002 CEIFAR started a center for health on the CEIFAR site. The health center provides doctors visits, dental and orthodonture work at low cost to the people in the community. In 2005 they began a program of education for children of 3 to 6 years old and now have activities and classes for children of all ages.
School
In the public school system in Salvador children go to school either in the morning or afternoon versus all day like many schools in the United States. This allows more children to attend the public schools. Children are required to attend school and some local governments in Brazil offer incentives to the families if their children attend school every day.
CEIFAR has complementary education. They also offer morning and afternoon classes but expect the child to attend public school as well as CEIFAR. If the child studies in the public school in the morning, they can study in CEIFAR in the afternoon. The children can get help with their homework from public school or often have more lessons at CEIFAR. CEIFAR also offers educational activities such as a music program, ceramics, Karate, Capoeira (a Brazilian Martial art), and sewing. Many students learn skills that help them support their families upon graduating from CEIFAR. For example, a child who advances through the Karate program can get the qualifications and experience needed to become a Karate instructor.
English classes are offered at CEIFAR for the children taught by volunteers from other countries such as the United States and England. Community English classes are sometimes offered for little or no cost for adults in the community as well. The volunteers are placed by Cross-Cultural Solutions.
CEIFAR also provides food for the children. The children are served lunch Monday through Thursday at CEIFAR. CEIFAR is closed on Fridays for teacher planning. This insures that the children have at least one meal a day. In Brazil the largest meal of the day is lunch. Students are also required to wash their hands and brush their teeth after eating.
CEIFAR receives help from the government who provides some of the food served. Other food is purchased or grown in the garden at CEIFAR. They also have a rainwater collection and treatment system to provide water for the school.
CEIFAR staff members periodically do home visits to talk with the families and do what they can to not only help the children but the families as well. CEIFAR has a social worker who among other things, helps the children and families in the community obtain birth certificates and other necessary documents that weren't obtained at birth. This is a common problem in the poorer areas in Salvador.
Health Center
The Health Center at CEIFAR is a medical clinic that also offers pediatrics, gynecology, ophthalmology, speech therapy, psychological counseling, and dentistry. The services are offered at low cost to the community.
References
Educational organisations based in Brazil
Community-building organizations
Bahia
Non-profit organisations based in Brazil
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1527.
Events
June 23 – Paracelsus burns books of Avicenna.
New books
Prose
Hector Boece – Historia Scotorum
Philippe de Commines – Mémoires (Part 2: Books 7–8)
Hans Sachs and Andreas Osiander – Eyn wunderliche Weyssagung von dem Babsttumb, wie es ihm biz an das endt der welt gehen sol ("A wonderful prophecy of the papacy about how things will go for it up until the end of the world")
Poetry
Pietro Aretino – Sonetti Lussuriosi ("Sonnets of lust" or "Aretino's Postures", to accompany an edition of Raimondi's erotic engravings, I Modi)
Births
July 13 – John Dee, English mathematician, astrologer and antiquary (died 1608 or 1609)
Unknown dates
Luis de León, Spanish mystic and lyric poet (died 1591)
Łukasz Górnicki, Polish humanist and poet (died 1603)
Iacob Heraclid, Maltese-born humanist and military theorist (died 1563)
Deaths
c. May 6? – Ludovico Vicentino degli Arrighi, Italian calligrapher and type designer (born 1475)
June 21 – Niccolò Machiavelli, Italian philosopher, writer, poet, musician and politician (born 1469)
June 25 – Šiško Menčetić, Croatian poet and Ragusan nobleman (born 1457)
October 27 – Johann Froben, printer and publisher in Switzerland (b. c.1460)
Unknown dates
Andrea Fulvio, Italian Renaissance humanist, poet and antiquarian (born 1470)
Unknown year (or 1528) – Richard Methley, English Dominican writer and translator (born c. 1451)
1527
1527 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Norman Chihota (born 25 August 1947) is a Tanzanian sprinter. He competed in the 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1947 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Tanzanian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Tanzania
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Tanzania
Place of birth missing (living people)
Harold McKee is a Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV) politician from Northern Ireland. He served as an Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly (MLA) for South Down from 2016 to 2017, and currently is a councillor on Newry, Mourne and Down District Council representing the Mournes ward since 2019. He was a member of the Committee for Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs. He tabled 297 questions in the 2016–2017 term.
In October 2021, McKee resigned from the UUP, citing disagreements with party leader Doug Beattie over 'liberal values', saying it was "becoming very difficult to endorse a leader who is constantly to the fore promoting liberal issues".
McKee subsequently joined the Traditional Unionist Voice, and was the party's candidate for South Down in the 2022 Northern Ireland Assembly election.
He was eliminated on the 5th count.
References
Profile, bbc.co.uk; accessed 14 May 2016.
, aims.niassembly.gov.uk accessed 7 February 2017
Place of birth missing (living people)
1957 births
Living people
Ulster Unionist Party MLAs
Northern Ireland MLAs 2016–2017
Traditional Unionist Voice politicians
"Who Dat Boy" is a song by American rapper Tyler, the Creator featuring fellow American rapper ASAP Rocky. It was released on June 30, 2017 alongside, "911 / Mr. Lonely" through Columbia Records, as the lead singles from the Tyler, the Creator's fourth studio album Flower Boy. The song was written by the two artists and produced by Tyler, the Creator.
Background
Tyler, the Creator began a one-week countdown on Twitter and Instagram to promote and release the two dual-singles called "Who Dat Boy" and "911 / Mr. Lonely" on June 30, 2017. The single debuted at 87 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was originally written for Schoolboy Q, but he turned it down.
Music video
The song's accompanying music video was uploaded on June 29, 2017 on Tyler's official YouTube channel. The music video was directed by Tyler under the pseudonym Wolf Haley. The music video features rapper Action Bronson's face being sewn onto Tyler's, as well as visual allusions to the 2017 film Get Out. It also features a snippet of the song "911/ Mr. Lonely" at the end of the track. The video features rapper A$AP Rocky, who is the doctor performing the operation, and Tucker Tripp, who is Tyler's co-driver.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
Lyrics of this song at Genius
2017 singles
2017 songs
Tyler, the Creator songs
ASAP Rocky songs
Songs written by ASAP Rocky
Columbia Records singles
Songs written by Tyler, the Creator
Trap music songs
Rena Maude McLean (June 14, 1879 – June 27, 1918) was a Canadian nurse who volunteered during World War I. She helped set up the first hospital in France staffed exclusively by Canadians, and also served in the UK and Greece. She died when the Canadian hospital ship HMHS Llandovery Castle was torpedoed off the coast of Ireland.
Early life and education
McLean was born in Souris on Prince Edward Island, Canada in 1879. Her parents were John McLean, a businessman and Conservative politician, and Matilda Jane McLean (née Jury). She studied at the Mount Allison Ladies' College in Sackville, New Brunswick, and the Halifax Ladies' College, graduating in 1896. McLean completed her training as a nurse in 1908 at Newport Hospital in Newport, Rhode Island, in the United States.
Nursing career
At the outbreak of the war, McLean had been working as head nurse of the operating room at a hospital in Gardner, Massachusetts. She enlisted and was assigned to the Canadian Army Medical Corps on September 28, 1914, leaving soon after for Britain. By November 1914, she was in France. She was one of a group of Canadian nurses who converted a hotel into a hospital in Le Touquet. In 1915, 1,100 Canadian soldiers were treated there after they had been gassed.
She served in France, the UK and Greece. She died when the Canadian hospital ship HMHS Llandovery Castle was torpedoed off the south coast of Ireland. After the survivors of the ship took to lifeboats then the U boat attempted to kill them too.
Legacy
A soldiers' hospital in Charlottetown was named for her in the year after her death, but it closed quite soon. There is a plaque in her memory at Charlottetown's Queen Elizabeth Hospital in their radiography department. Two other plaques recorded her life: one is at St James United Church in her home town and the other was in Mount Allison's Memorial Library, which was demolished in 2011.
References
1879 births
1918 deaths
People from Souris, Prince Edward Island
Canadian nurses
The Bugs Bunny Cartoon Workshop is a 1991 video game published by Hi Tech Expressions.
Gameplay
The Bugs Bunny Cartoon Workshop is a computer animation software package for teaching how to create animated videos.
Reception
Roy Wagner reviewed the program for Computer Gaming World, and stated that "For quick and easy animations, The Bugs Bunny Cartoon Workshop is highly recommended (especially for children and beginners). It is possible to actually create some very funny cartoons and just playing with the program's options is very satisfying."
Reviews
Compute!
Intermedium Games—Games Inter Media: Video Games and Intermediality
Computer Gaming World
References
2D animation software
Dhondutai Kulkarni, (23 July 1927 – 1 June 2014) was an Indian classical singer from the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana. She was the last legendary exponent of orthodox Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana.
Early life
Dhondutai was born in a Brahmin family in Kolhapur, Maharashtra. Her father initiated her into music. Subsequently, she came under the tutelage of Bhurji Khan of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana. Gaining recognition as a child artiste she became an India Radio performing artiste at the age of eight. Her training continued under the mentorship of Gaan-Chandrika Laxmibai Jadhav and Ustad Azizuddin Khan, disciple and grandson of Ustad Alladiya Khan, the founder of the gharana. She received most of her repertoire of rare Ragas from Ustad Azizuddin Khan. Thereafter, she spent a long number of years under the tutelage of Kesarbai Kerkar, ending up as her sole disciple.
Awards and recognition
Dhondutai has been awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1990. She was regularly featured at the "Surashri Kesarbai Kerkar Sangeet Sammelan" since its beginnings, she sang last at these concerts.
Journalist Namita Devidayal's book The Music Room chronicles a significant part of Dhondutai's life, music and career. Namita has been one of her students and learned from her over a period of 25 years. The book talks about the life and music of Alladiya Khan, Kesarbai Kerkar and Dhondutai.
Further reading
Sur Sangat by Dhondutai Kulkarni, Rajhans Publications,Pune, India,
The Music Room by Namita Devidayal, Random House India,
References
External links
Voice from the past
1927 births
Hindustani singers
2014 deaths
People from Kolhapur
Recipients of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
Indian women classical singers
Singers from Mumbai
20th-century Indian singers
20th-century Indian women singers
Women musicians from Maharashtra
20th-century Khyal singers
Kaine Kesler-Hayden (born 23 October 2002) is an English professional footballer who plays as a wing-back for club Huddersfield Town, on loan from Aston Villa.
Club career
Aston Villa
Having progressed through the club's academy system, Kesler-Hayden was named in the Aston Villa starting line-up for his senior debut on 8 January 2021 in an FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool, after "a large number of first-team players and staff" tested positive for COVID-19, rendering Villa's first-team squad unavailable for the match. Villa lost 4–1 but were praised for their performance.
On 24 May 2021, Kesler-Hayden captained the Aston Villa U18 side which won the FA Youth Cup, beating Liverpool U18 2–1 in the final. Kesler-Hayden was later one of several academy players given five-year professional contracts by the club in July 2021.
On 2 August 2021, Kesler-Hayden signed for Swindon Town on a season-long loan, and made his professional league debut five days later, in a 3–1 away victory over Scunthorpe United, in which he won a penalty that led to Swindon's equaliser. He received his first red card as a professional in his second appearance for Swindon, picking up a second yellow card in a 2–1 defeat to Carlisle United.
On 4 December 2021, Kesler-Hayden scored his first professional goal in a 2–1 FA Cup victory over Walsall. Kesler-Hayden featured in Swindon's third round FA Cup tie against Manchester City on 7 January 2022. Swindon were beaten 4–1, yet Kesler Hayden received widespread praise for his strong performance against the Premier League side. Two days later, on 9 January, Kesler Hayden was recalled from his loan by Aston Villa. For his contribution on loan, Kesler Hayden was later named Swindon Town's Young Player of the Season at the club's end of season awards ceremony.
On 31 January 2022, Kesler-Hayden joined League One promotion contenders Milton Keynes Dons on loan for the remainder of the 2021–22 season. He made his League One debut on 8 February 2022, in a 1–1 draw against Fleetwood Town. On 22 February 2022, Kesler-Hayden scored his first goal for MK Dons, also his first professional league goal, in a 2–0 away win over Charlton Athletic. He went on to make 17 appearances for the Dons, helping them to a third-placed play-off finish.
On 12 August 2022, Kesler-Hayden joined Championship club Huddersfield Town on a season-long loan.
International career
Kesler-Hayden was called up to a training camp for the England U19 national team in November 2020. On 6 September 2021, he made his debut for the England U20s during a 6–1 victory over Romania U20s at St. George's Park.
Career statistics
Honours
Aston Villa U18
FA Youth Cup: 2020–21
Individual
Swindon Town Young Player of the Season: 2021–22
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
Aston Villa F.C. players
Black British sportspeople
Swindon Town F.C. players
Milton Keynes Dons F.C. players
English Football League players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Tom Ormsby Jameson (4 April 1892 in Clonsilla, County Dublin, Ireland – 6 February 1965 in Dún Laoghaire, County Dublin) was an Irish first-class cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast and leg spin bowler, he played just twice for the Ireland cricket team between 1926 and 1928 in first-class matches, but played 124 first-class matches in all, mainly for Hampshire and the MCC.
Biography
Born in County Dublin, Ireland in 1892, Jameson was educated at Harrow School, and played against Eton in the famous Fowler's match in 1910. He made his first-class debut for the MCC against Oxford University in June 1919, making his Hampshire debut the following month against Yorkshire. He played nine more County Championship matches that year, before playing for the South of England against a touring Australian Forces team. He married Joan Musgrave on 11 June 1920.
He played just one County Championship match for Hampshire in 1920, against Surrey in 1920 and also played two first-class matches for the Army, and one for the Combined Services. He played twice for Hampshire in 1921, also playing first-class cricket for the MCC and the Army, in addition to a match for the Combined Services against Australia before rounding out the year with his first Gentlemen v Players match.
His appearances for Hampshire continued to be sporadic throughout 1922, though he continued with first-class cricket for other sides, again playing for the Army, the MCC and the Combined Services, also playing for the Free Foresters and another Gentlemen v Players match. He played many more times for Hampshire in 1923, playing seven County Championship matches, also playing for them against Oxford University and Cambridge University. He again played matches for the MCC and the Army this year, including a match for the MCC against the West Indies.
He did not play at all for Hampshire in 1924, playing solely for the MCC, the Army and for a Combined service, and that winter was selected for a team captained by Lionel Tennyson for a tour of South Africa. He played ten first-class matches on the tour, including three against the South African national side. His performance on this tour seemed to secure him a more regular place in the Hampshire side in 1925, playing thirteen County Championship matches that year, also playing another Gentlemen v Players match.
He was again selected for a touring side that winter, this time for the MCC side touring the West Indies. He played eleven first-class matches on the tour, including three against the West Indies side. However, he again played little for Hampshire the following summer, playing just three County Championship matches before playing his first match for his native Ireland, against Oxford University in June 1926. He scored 71 in the only Irish innings and took 4/140 when bowling.
He was again selected for an MCC tour that winter, this time to Argentina. He played four first-class matches against the Argentine national team, scoring 100 runs on the tour. He would not play first-class cricket again until May 1928 when he played for the MCC against the West Indies, followed by a County Championship match for Hampshire against Gloucestershire, a match for the MCC against Wales and a match for Ireland against the West Indies, which was his final match for Ireland. He played three more County Championship matches for Hampshire that year.
His career began to wind down in 1929, though he did play seven County Championship matches for Hampshire that year. He played once for the MCC that year, and twice for them in 1930. He played just twice for Hampshire that year, against Middlesex and Australia, and played his final game for Hampshire in 1932, also against Middlesex. He returned to first-class cricket five years later, playing six first-class matches in India for a team captained by Lionel Tennyson. He died in a Dublin Hospital in February 1965.
Statistics
In his two matches for Ireland, Jameson scored 121 runs at an average of 60.50, with a top score of 71 against Oxford University, his only half-century for Ireland. He took nine wickets at an average of 25.78. In all first-class cricket, he scored 4675 runs at an average of 26.56, scoring 5 centuries, with a top score of 133 for SB Joel's XI against Orange Free State. He took 252 wickets at an average of 24.03, taking five wickets in an innings eleven times and ten in a match twice, with the best innings bowling figures of 7/92 for Hampshire against Lancashire. His highest score for Hampshire was 105 not out.
Other sports
Jameson was also a fine racquets player, winning the Army singles championship in 1922, 1923 and 1924 and the doubles championship in 1920, 1921 and 1922. He reached the final of the amateur singles championship in 1924 and won the amateur squash championship in 1922 and 1923.
References
1892 births
1965 deaths
Military personnel from County Dublin
Irish cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
Gentlemen cricketers
People educated at Harrow School
People from Dún Laoghaire
Sportspeople from Fingal
Rifle Brigade officers
British Army personnel of World War I
British Army cricketers
Combined Services cricketers
North v South cricketers
S. B. Joel's XI cricketers
L. H. Tennyson's XI cricket team
Ramaleela is a 2017 Indian Malayalam-language political thriller film written by Sachy and directed by debutant Arun Gopy. It stars Dileep, Raadhika, Prayaga Martin, Mukesh, Kalabhavan Shajon, Vijayaraghavan and Siddique. The film is produced and distributed by Tomichan Mulakuppadam under Mulakuppadam Films. Ramaleela was released in India on 28 September 2017.
Plot
Advocate Ramanunni is an MLA of Ayikkara in Palakkad District who gets expelled from his political communist party, the CDP for assaulting the District Secretary Ambadi Mohanan and joins the rival secularist party, the NSP. Ramanunni, who has been receiving threats from CDP activists, decides to take a gun license for self-protection and this becomes a controversy in the news. Ramanunni's mother Ragini disapproves of his decision to join the NSP as they come from a communist-oriented family and his father Raghavan, a CDP activist who is believed to have been martyred by NSP activists. The NSP decides to appoint Ramanunni as their candidate in the upcoming election.
The decision is opposed by Udayabhanu, a veteran politician of the NSP but this is overlooked by the others. Ramanunni, along with his sidekick Thomas Chacko, the NSP Youth Wing Secretary, attend an interview where Mohanan assaults Ramanunni. As the promotions for the elections begin, the CDP announces their candidate as Ragini, who they think is the only person who can defeat Ramanunni. While campaigning at a football match, Mohanan is shot dead and Ramanunni and Chacko become the prime suspects. The Investigation Officer, Paulson Devassy, who is also present at the assassination point, finds out that Ramanunni's gun is missing a bullet. Ballistics match the bullet that killed Mohanan with the bullets in Ramanunni's gun, and shows that the gun must have been fired from the row where Ramanunni and Chacko were sitting.
Ramanunni and Chacko escape police custody and hide in the house of V.G. Madhavan, a journalist and a good friend of Ramanunni. Madhavan's daughter Helena decides to help them. Now in disguise, they leave for a resort on an island off the coast of Goa. Unknown to Ramanunni and Chacko, Helena televises all their actions through hidden cameras under the name of 'Hot Pursuit' in order to find the real culprit. With Ramanunni gone, the NSP appoints Sumesh Venjara, a disliked and weak politician as their new candidate. In Goa, Ramanunni reveals that it was Ambadi Mohanan and Udayabhanu who were behind his father's death and not the NSP activists.
As the videos get televised, Officer Paulson Devassy gathers evidence of Mohanan's death that leads to Udayabhanu; especially a can of Red Bull that was used as a suppressor since Udayabhanu was very fond of the drink. Police later arrests him. It is revealed that televising Ramanunni's escape was his and Helena's plan to prove his innocence. Ramanunni goes on to win the election as an independent candidate. In a major twist, it turns out that it was actually Ramanunni who had assassinated Ambadi Mohanan with the help of a fellow CDP comrade Chandran. He accused Udayabhanu because of his role in his father's death. He explains to his mother that it was his duty to remove all obstacles from the CDP's path. His mother salutes Ramanunni, and he does the same back.
Cast
Dileep as Adv. K.R. Ramanunni MLA
Mukesh as Dysp Paulson Devassy
Raadhika Sarathkumar as Ragini Raghavan, Ramanunni's mother
Prayaga Martin as Helena Madhavan
Kalabhavan Shajohn as Thomas Chacko
Siddique as Udayabhanu
Vijayaraghavan as Ambadi Mohanan
Suresh Krishna as Theekuni Chandran
Renji Panicker as V.G. Madhavan
Lena as TV reporter Olga John
Ashokan as IG Balachandran IPS
Saikumar as Sakhavu P. Sugathan
G. Suresh Kumar as Sagar Nagambadam
Sadiq as Saghavu Rajendran
Kalabhavan Shaju as Prakashan
Anil Murali as Sudhi
Ameer Niyas as CI Deepak
Salim Kumar as Sumesh Venjara
Prasanth Alexander
Sreejith Ravi as Trainer Siby Chacko
Chali Pala as SI Soman
Manju Satheesh as a CDP Member
Tomichan Mulakuppadam as Himself (Cameo Appearance)
Romin Anthony as Ajay
Abhishek Raveendran
Diya Parveen as Journalist
Murali as Sakhavu Raghavan (Photo Archive)
Vinod Kedamangalam as Driver Pushpan
Production
The film is produced and distributed by Tomichan Mulakuppadam under the production company Mulakuppadam Films. It was made with a budget of 14 crore. Gopi Sundar composed the music. Through Ramaleela, Raadhika returned to act in Malayalam cinema after a gap of 23 years. Principal photography began on 9 December 2016 in Kochi, Kerala. Filming also held at Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram, and in Goa-Maharashtra border.
Release
Ramaleela release was delayed on account of actor Dileep's arrest for conspiracy to kidnap and attempt to rape of actress Bhavana. Despite calls for a boycott, the film released in India on 28 September 2017. It released across 129 screens in Kerala.
Box office
The film grossed 5.60 crore on the opening day from the Kerala box office and collected a total of 18.74crore in the first 4 days. The film grossed approximately 36.54 crore from 10 days run in the Kerala box office. It grossed 60.72 crore from Kerala in 38 days run. The film grossed 110 crore from Worldwide box office in its final run.
Soundtrack
Music: Gopi Sundar, Lyrics: B. K. Harinarayanan
References
External links
2017 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Indian political thriller films
Films scored by Gopi Sundar
Indian romantic comedy films
West Wood is a census-designated place (CDP) in Carbon County, Utah, United States. The population was 844 at the 2010 census.
Geography
The CDP is just west of Price, the county seat. To the north and northeast, across U.S. Route 6, is Carbonville. The Carbon County Fairgrounds are to the south. To the west are Pinnacle Canyon and Porphyry Bench, part of the Wasatch Plateau. The CDP is named for the Westwood subdivision, a neighborhood to the west of Castleview Hospital. Main streets include Fairgrounds Road and Westwood Boulevard, which passes eastward under the highway to become Utah State Route 55 and 100 North in Price.
Streams flowing through the CDP include Pinnacle Creek and the privately owned Carbon Canal. This is a naturally swampy area with a high water table, and residents have periodic problems with flooding.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the West Wood CDP has a total area of , all land.
History
The land west of Price was a sparsely populated rural area until the Westwood subdivision was developed beginning in 1975. The opening of Castleview Hospital in 1980 brought more people to West Wood. Additional neighborhoods have been built over the years, and planning for West Wood's future is an important issue in Carbon County government.
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 844 people, 258 households, and 225 families residing in the CDP. There were 269 housing units, of which 258 were occupied. The racial makeup of the population was 96.7% White, 0.4% American Indian and Alaska Native, 0.2% Asian, 0.5% Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, 1.1% from some other race, and 1.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.3% of the population.
There were 258 households, out of which 48.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, and 78.7% had married couples living together. 12.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.27, and the average family size was 3.58.
The population was 53.1% male, and the median age was 33.7 years.
See also
List of census-designated places in Utah
References
External links
Census-designated places in Utah
Census-designated places in Carbon County, Utah
"L'Égyptienne" is a world music song performed by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas and French group Les Négresses Vertes. The song was written by Atlas, Matthias Canavese, Stéfane Mellino and Michel Ochowiak and produced by Les Négresses Vertes for the Atlas' second album Halim (1997). It was released as a single in 1998.
Formats and track listings
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "L'Égyptienne".
CD single
"L'Égyptienne" (Radio Edit) – 3:28
"L'Égyptienne" (Alternative Frantic Funk radio edit) – 3:39
Promotional CD single
"L'Égyptienne" (Radio Edit) – 3:28
"L'Égyptienne" (Album Version) – 3:59
12-inch single
"L'Égyptienne" (Alternative Frantic Funk instrumental) – 4:58
"L'Égyptienne" (Alternative Frantic Funk mix) – 4:58
"L'Égyptienne" (JR Hypno Funk instrumental) – 4:53
"L'Égyptienne" (JR Hypno Funk vocal) – 4:53
Personnel
The following people contributed to "L'Égyptienne":
Natacha Atlas – lead vocals
Les Négresses Vertes – production
Alf – engineering
Frank L – artwork
References
External links
Official website
1998 singles
Electronic songs
Natacha Atlas songs
Songs written by Natacha Atlas
1997 songs
Abtswind is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kitzingen (district)
Azimiyeh Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 65,133, in 16,201 families. The rural district has 12 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Ray County, Iran
A bottlebrush is a cave formation which results when a stalactite is immersed in rising water which is supersaturated with calcium carbonate. The stalactite becomes coated with pool spar.
References
Speleothems
Melissa Ellen Gilbert (born May 8, 1964) is an American actress, television director, producer, politician, and former president of the Screen Actors Guild.
Gilbert began her career as a child actress in the late 1960s, appearing in numerous commercials and guest starring roles on television. From 1974 to 1983, she starred as Laura Ingalls Wilder, the second oldest daughter of Charles Ingalls (played by Michael Landon) on the NBC series Little House on the Prairie. During the run of Little House, Gilbert appeared in several television films, including The Diary of Anne Frank and The Miracle Worker.
As an adult, she continued her career mainly in television films. Gilbert has also continued with guest starring roles on television and has completed voice work for animation such as Batman: The Animated Series as Barbara Gordon / Batgirl. From 2009 to 2010, Gilbert appeared as Caroline "Ma" Ingalls in the touring production of Little House on the Prairie, the Musical. In 2012, she was a contestant on season fourteen of the popular reality dance competition show Dancing with the Stars on ABC.
Gilbert served as the President of the Screen Actors Guild from 2001 to 2005. In 2009, her autobiography Prairie Tale: A Memoir, was released. In 2014, she wrote a short story for children, called Daisy and Josephine as well as My Prairie Cookbook: Memories and Frontier Food from My Little House to Yours.
In 2016, Gilbert ran for U.S. Congress as a Democrat in Michigan's 8th congressional district and she won the Democrat primary. She later dropped out because of health issues stemming from a 2012 accident.
Early life and family
Gilbert was born in Los Angeles, California, on May 8, 1964, to a newly engaged couple, Kathy Wood and David Darlington, and given up for adoption immediately after birth. She was adopted one day later by actor and comedian Paul Gilbert and his wife, dancer and actress Barbara Crane, the daughter of The Honeymooners creator Harry Crane. They later adopted a son, Jonathan, who co-starred on Little House on the Prairie.
Gilbert's parents divorced when she was 8 years old. Her mother then married attorney Harold Abeles, and together they had biological daughter Sara Rebecca Abeles (the actress known professionally as Sara Gilbert) on January 29, 1975.
On February 13, 1976, Paul Gilbert died. Although 11-year-old Melissa was told that he had suffered a stroke, she found out years later that he had been a VA patient who dealt with constant pain and that he had taken his own life. The marriage of Barbara and Harold Abeles later ended in divorce. According to her biography, Gilbert was raised in her adoptive mother's Jewish religion, but did not have any formal religious education or conversion ceremony.
Career
Early years
Gilbert's earliest television appearances were in dozens of commercials, including one for Alpo dog food with Lorne Greene (Michael Landon's television father on Bonanza). She also attended school with Landon's daughter, Leslie Landon. It was Leslie who informed her that she had won the role of Laura Ingalls on Little House on the Prairie, beating out over 500 child actresses for the part. The pilot was shot in 1973 and was a ratings success. Almost a year later, Gilbert began filming the series. Gilbert became extremely close to the Landon family after her adoptive father died. However, a rift developed between Michael Landon and Gilbert after the revelation of Landon's affair with Little House young makeup artist, Cindy Clerico.
Gilbert had limited contact with Landon after Little House ended during the 1983–84 season. Seven years later, she was contacted by Landon's family and upon news of his condition, paid him a heartfelt visit following his May 9, 1991, appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson where he discussed his pancreatic cancer. She visited Landon at his Malibu home where he was, by then, bedridden, and they spent the afternoon together. Landon died one week later. When Gilbert gave birth to her son with second husband Bruce Boxleitner on October 6, 1995, they named him Michael, in honor of Landon.
Career after Little House
Gilbert has continued to work regularly, mainly in television. She starred as Jean Donovan in the biopic Choices of the Heart (1983), and as Anna Sheridan in three episodes of Babylon 5 with then-husband Boxleitner in 1996. She also provided the voice of Batgirl on the 1990s Batman: The Animated Series, though she would be replaced by voice actress Tara Strong for the series' follow-up The New Batman Adventures.
For her contribution to the television industry, Gilbert received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6429 Hollywood Blvd in 1985. Her then-fiancé, Rob Lowe, was present with her when her star was unveiled during the ceremony.
In 1998, she was inducted into the Western Performers Hall of Fame at the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. In 2006, Gilbert appeared as Shari Noble, a patient looking to reconstruct her nipples after committing zoophilia with her dog in a season four episode of Nip/Tuck.
In 2008 and through 2009, Gilbert played Caroline "Ma" Ingalls in the musical adaptation of Little House on the Prairie. This world premiere production at the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis was directed by Francesca Zambello and also starred Kara Lindsay as Laura. The show ran through October 19 and was on a US National tour for 2009–10. The tour ended in June 2010 at Starlight Theatre in Kansas City, Missouri.
In March and April 2018, Gilbert starred in an Off-Off-Broadway, limited-run production of Geraldine Aron's 2001 one-woman play 2001 My Brilliant Divorce.
Dancing with the Stars
In March 2012, Gilbert joined the cast of celebrity contestants on season 14 of Dancing with the Stars. She was paired with Maksim Chmerkovskiy. During week four's show, while dancing the Paso Doble, she fell and hit her head on Maksim's leg and suffered a mild concussion and was taken to a hospital. She went home to recuperate, but returned to continue in the competition. In week eight of competition, she was eliminated, finishing in fifth place.
Screen Actors Guild presidency
Gilbert was elected president of the Screen Actors Guild in 2001 after a contentious candidacy, in which she ultimately beat her opponent, Rhoda actress Valerie Harper, 21,351 votes to 12,613 votes after a second vote was taken. In 2003, she was re-elected, defeating Kent McCord with 50% of the vote to his 42%. In July 2005, she announced that she would not seek a third term. She was succeeded by Alan Rosenberg, who assumed the guild presidency on September 25.
2016 congressional campaign
On August 10, 2015, Gilbert announced her campaign for Michigan's 8th congressional district in the 2016 elections to the United States House of Representatives. Gilbert, who was the presumptive Democratic nominee in the district, dropped out of the race in May 2016, citing health issues.
Personal life
Relationships
After her relationship with Rob Lowe ended, Gilbert left for New York City to star in the play A Shayna Maidel. Gilbert was set up with actor Bo Brinkman, a cousin of actors Randy Quaid and Dennis Quaid. The couple married on February 22, 1988, seven weeks after her split from Lowe. Their son, Dakota Paul Brinkman, was born on May 1, 1989. The couple divorced in 1992.
Weeks after Gilbert's divorce filing, actor Bruce Boxleitner's former wife set him up with Gilbert. Gilbert had met Boxleitner as a teenager when they both were on Battle of the Network Stars; he was her teenage crush. After reconnecting, they dated on and off for over a year. They were engaged twice and both engagements were ended by Boxleitner. After reuniting for a third time, they married on January 1, 1995, in her mother's living room. Gilbert gave birth to their son, Michael Garrett Boxleitner, on October 6, 1995. He is named in honor of Michael Landon and Garrett Peckinpah, her friend Sandy Peckinpah's son, who died of meningitis at age 16. Gilbert was stepmother to Boxleitner's two sons. On March 1, 2011, Gilbert announced that she and Boxleitner had separated. On August 22, 2011, Gilbert filed for divorce from Boxleitner.
In January 2013, Gilbert's representative confirmed her engagement to actor Timothy Busfield. They married on April 24, 2013, lived in Howell, Michigan, from 2013 to 2018, and moved to New York City late in 2018. Also in 2018, the couple purchased a cottage in the Catskill Mountains of Upstate New York. Gilbert and Busfield have been renovating the cottage and intend to live there permanently.
Tax issues
Following her announcement as a candidate for U.S. Representative from Michigan, a spokesperson for her opponent's campaign referred to Gilbert as a "tax cheat". Gilbert owed $360,000 in back federal taxes and $112,000 in California state taxes. Gilbert has stated the tax debt is an outgrowth of a stalled acting career, the economy, and divorce. She has negotiated a repayment plan with the IRS.
Health issues
Gilbert has battled alcoholism and drug abuse, which she wrote about in her 2009 autobiography.
While playing the role of Caroline "Ma" Ingalls in the touring musical Little House on the Prairie, a visit to the doctor revealed that Gilbert had been working with a broken back for months. On July 22, 2010, Gilbert underwent surgery to replace a disc as well as fuse a vertebra in her lower spine. The surgery was described as a complete success.
In January 2015, Gilbert decided to have her breast implants removed for health reasons.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
Sources
External links
About Melissa Gilbert
1964 births
Living people
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from Los Angeles
American actor-politicians
American adoptees
American child actresses
American film actresses
American trade union leaders
American memoirists
American musical theatre actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
American television directors
American voice actresses
American women television directors
Jewish American actresses
Participants in American reality television series
Presidents of the Screen Actors Guild
Michigan Democrats
Women in Michigan politics
Activists from California
American women memoirists
21st-century American Jews
Nemanja Nikolić (; born 21 February 2001) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Greek Super League 2 club Olympiacos B and the Bosnia and Herzegovina U21 national team.
He started his professional career at Mladost Doboj Kakanj, before joining Olympiacos in 2019, who loaned him to Radnički Niš later that year and to Mladost Doboj Kakanj in 2020.
Club career
Early career
Nikolić came through Sarajevo's youth academy, which he left in June 2018 to join Mladost Doboj Kakanj. He made his professional debut against Radnik Bijeljina on 18 August 2018 at the age of 17.
Olympiacos
In August 2019, Nikolić joined Greek side Olympiacos on a four-year contract, but he was immediately loaned to Serbian team Radnički Niš until the end of the season.
In January 2020, he was sent on a six-month loan to his former club Mladost Doboj Kakanj.
International career
Nikolić represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at various youth levels.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
People from Zvornik
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina youth international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina under-21 international footballers
Association football fullbacks
FK Mladost Doboj Kakanj players
Olympiacos F.C. players
FK Radnički Niš players
AO Chania F.C. players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Super League Greece 2 players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Olympiacos F.C. B players
The chusquea tapaculo (Scytalopus parkeri) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in souothern Ecuador and far northern Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The chusquea tapaculo is monotypic. It and Spillmann's tapaculo (Scytalopus spillmanni) form a superspecies.
Description
Male chusquea tapaculos weigh and females . Adults of both sexes are dark gray above and lighter gray below. The lower back and rump are brown. The lower belly is yellowish and the flanks and vent area are yellowish to cinnamon with blackish bars. Juveniles are lightish brown above with blackish bars; the underparts are dark with pale bars.
Distribution and habitat
The chusquea tapaculo is found only in southern Ecuador and northernmost Peru, from the East Andes and the Chilla Mountains of Ecuador south to Cordillera del Cóndor that straddles the Ecuador-Peru border. As its name implies, the chusquea tapaculo inhabits Chusquea bamboo stands and adjacent undergrowth in humid montane forest. In Ecuador it ranges in elevation from but in Peru only to
Behavior
Feeding
Very little is known about the chusquea tapaculo's diet except that it appears to be mostly insects. Nothing has been published about its foraging behavior.
Breeding
The chusquea tapacolo's nest is a ball of moss lined with fine fibers and placed in a natural cavity in an earthen bank. The only two clutches described each had two eggs. At one nest both adults incubated the eggs. Though year round nesting has been suggested, most breeding in far southeastern Ecuador was between August and December.
Vocalization
The male chusquea tapaculo's song is a series of 10 to 12 notes that fall in pitch and then level off . What appears to be an excited call is this .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the chusquea tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. Much of its range is within preserves and other protected areas.
References
Chusquea tapaculo
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Chusquea tapaculo
Chusquea tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Colostygia olivata, the beech-green carpet, is a moth of the family Geometridae. It was first described by Michael Denis and Ignaz Schiffermüller in 1775 and it is found in most of the Palearctic.
The wingspan is . Freshly hatched moths have green forewings. There is a darker, brown central band narrower towards the centre of the forewings. This band is edged with a white wavy line. The hindwings are smoky grey with a pale crossline.The larva is stout, slightly tapering
at each end, rugose, with conspicuous tubercles and setae. It is reddish-ochreous or brownish ochreous with an interrupted grey dorsal line. The lateral and ventral surfaces are mostly dull reddish; tubercles black. The pupa is rather stout, bright red or red-brown, the abdomen darker.
Adults are in wing from May to August in one generation.
The larvae feed on Galium species. Larvae can be found from September to May.
Subspecies
Colostygia olivata olivata
Colostygia olivata gigantea Pinker, 1953
References
External links
Beech-green carpet at UKMoths
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum e.V.
Cidariini
Moths of Asia
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Michael Denis
Taxa named by Ignaz Schiffermüller
Park Chan-yeol (; born November 27, 1992), better known mononymously as Chanyeol, is a South Korean rapper, singer, songwriter, producer, actor and model. He is a member of the South Korean-Chinese boy group Exo, its sub-group Exo-K and sub-unit Exo-SC. Apart from his group's activities, Chanyeol has also starred in various television dramas and movies such as So I Married an Anti-fan (2016), and Secret Queen Makers (2018).
Early life
Park Chanyeol was born in Seoul, South Korea. He attended Hyundai High School in Apgujeong-dong, Seoul. He has an elder sister named Park Yoo-ra, who is a former announcer at South Korean broadcasting station YTN, and MBC. Chanyeol was admitted to a private acting institution when he was sixteen years old, where he became good friends with Block B's P.O.
After watching School of Rock in elementary school, Chanyeol became interested in music and soon began playing the drums. Chanyeol wanted to be a singer after listening to Unconditional Kismet by Yoo Young-jin.
Chanyeol has cited Jason Mraz and Eminem as his biggest influences, though he was a fan of rock bands like Muse, Green Day, Nirvana, and X-Japan in middle school.
Chanyeol became a trainee under SM Entertainment after winning second place in the 2008 Smart Model Contest. While training under S.M., he began to turn his focus towards rapping. Prior to his debut, Chanyeol made cameo appearances in TVXQ's "HaHaHa Song" music video and Girls' Generation's "Genie" music video in 2008 and 2010 respectively.
Career
2012–14: Career beginnings
Chanyeol became the last Exo member to be officially introduced to the public on February 23, 2012. He possesses a baritone singing voice. The group official debuted on April 8 with the extended play Mama. He made a guest appearance in Girls' Generation-TTS's music video for their debut single "Twinkle". In October 2013, Chanyeol joined the cast of SBS' reality TV show Law of the Jungle during its filming in Micronesia. He also composed and recorded an original soundtrack titled "Last Hunter" for the show in 2015 after rejoining the show.
In 2014, Chanyeol wrote the rap for the Korean version of the track "Run" from Exo's second extended play Overdose and was featured in label-mates Henry's second extended play and Zhou Mi's debut EP. In May 2014, he became a regular cast member of the first season of SBS' reality TV show Roommate. He left the show in September 2014 due to schedule conflicts.
2015–present: Acting, songwriting and Exo-SC
In April 2015, Chanyeol made his big screen debut with a supporting role in the South Korean film Salut d'Amour, which starred Park Geun-hyung and Youn Yuh-jung. He later starred as the male lead alongside actress Moon Ga-young and fellow Exo members in the web-drama Exo Next Door. In June 2015, Chanyeol, along with fellow Exo members Chen and Lay, co-wrote the Korean version of the track "Promise" from Love Me Right, the re-released version of Exo's second studio album. He later wrote the rap for "Lightsaber", Exo's promotional single for Star Wars: The Force Awakens, which was subsequently included in their third extended play Sing for You.
In April 2016, Chanyeol wrote and performed the rap for the song "Confession" from Yesung's debut extended play. In Exo's third studio album Ex'Act, which was released in May 2016, he co-wrote the lyrics for the track "Heaven". In June 2016, Chanyeol starred alongside Yuan Shanshan and label-mate Seohyun in the South Korean-Chinese film So I Married an Anti-fan. He and Yuan Shanshan also recorded a duet titled "I Hate You" as the theme song for the movie. In October 2016, Chanyeol and American R&B singer Tinashe were featured in American hip hop group Far East Movement and American electronic musician Marshmello's song "Freal Luv". In December 2016, Chanyeol and South Korean singer Punch collaborated on an original soundtrack titled "Stay With Me" for tvN's drama Guardian: The Lonely and Great God. The song reached number three on South Korea's Gaon Digital Chart.
In January 2017, Chanyeol played a supporting role in MBC's drama Missing 9. In February 2017, it was reported that he had allegedly registered himself as a music producer under the pen name "LOEY" with the Korea Music Copyright Association. Later in February, Chanyeol collaborated with South Korean singer Junggigo on a duet titled "Let Me Love You".
In May 2018, it was announced that Chanyeol would be playing the supporting role of Jung Se-joo, Hee-joo's younger brother in tvN's drama Memories of the Alhambra.
On September 14, 2018, Chanyeol with fellow Exo member Sehun released a collaborative single, "We Young", for SM Station X 0.
On April 25, 2019, he released his first solo song "SSFW" through SM Station. On June 28, it was confirmed that Chanyeol along with his fellow Exo member Sehun would debut as the group's second official sub-unit Exo-SC, and they released their first EP What a Life on July 22, 2019.
In 2021, he appeared in musical road film The Box, a jukebox musical containing familiar popular songs from world music as; Coldplay, Billie Eilish, and Pharrell Williams in the backdrop of South Korean locales.
Personal life
Along with fellow Exo members Suho and Baekhyun, Chanyeol attended Kyung Hee Cyber University and took online classes for Culture and Arts Department of Business Administration. Prior to his enlistment, Chanyeol took graduate studies at Inha University for interior design.
Chanyeol enlisted into the military as an active duty soldier on March 29, 2021. He was finally discharged on September 28, 2022.
Discography
Songs
Notes
Songwriting credits
All credits are adapted from the Korea Music Copyright Association, unless stated otherwise.
Filmography
Films
Television dramas
Television shows
Music videos
Theater
Ambassadorship
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
21st-century South Korean singers
Exo members
Mandarin-language singers of South Korea
Singers from Seoul
South Korean contemporary R&B singers
South Korean dance music singers
South Korean electronic music singers
South Korean male rappers
South Korean male idols
South Korean pop rock singers
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male web series actors
South Korean mandopop singers
South Korean male pop singers
South Korean singer-songwriters
South Korean male singer-songwriters
South Korean baritones
HMS Wanderer was a 16-gun brig-sloop of the Royal Navy. The ship was part of the West Africa Squadron stationed at Sierra Leone.
In October 1835 HMS Wanderer set sail from Portsmouth for Rio de Janeiro
In 1839 Joseph Denman was appointed to the command of HMS Wanderer.
In 1842 Stephen Grenville Fremantle, brother of Admiral Charles Fremantle was captain.
References
External links
1835 ships
Ships of the West Africa Squadron
The Tagore family (also spelled as Thakur), with over three hundred years of history, has been one of the leading families of Calcutta, India, and is regarded as one of the key influencers during the Bengali Renaissance. The family has produced several persons who have contributed substantially in the fields of business, social and religious reformation, literature, art and music.
Family history
The original surname of the Tagores was Kushari. They were Pirali Brahmin ('Pirali' historically carried a stigmatized and pejorative connotation) and originally belonged to a village named Kush in the district named Burdwan in West Bengal. The biographer of Rabindranath Tagore, Prabhat Kumar Mukhopadhyaya wrote in the first volume of his book Rabindrajibani O Rabindra Sahitya Prabeshika that "The Kusharis were the descendants of Deen Kushari, the son of Bhatta Narayana; Deen was granted a village named Kush (in Burdwan zilla) by Maharaja Kshitisura, he became its chief and came to be known as Kushari."
Background of Tagore
Tagores are Bengali Brahmins Rabindranath's biographer, Prabhat Kumar Mukhopadhyaya, wrote in his book named Rabindrajibani O Rabindra Sahitya Prabeshika that: The Kusharis were the descendants of Deen Kushari, the son of Bhatta Narayana; Deen was granted a village named Kush (in Burdwan Zilla) by Maharaja Kshitisura, he became its chief and came to be known as Kushari.On the edges of time (New ed.) (December 1978), Tagore, Rathindranath, Greenwood Press. p. 2, Rabindranath Tagore : Poet And Dramatist(1948), Thompson, Edward, Oxford University Press. p. 13 Generations later a branch of the Tagore family left its ancestral village in Burdwan and moved to the Eastern part of Bengal . Later on their descendants came back to the Western part of Bengal (now West Bengal) from eastern part of Bengal (now Bangladesh) and settled in the region situated on the right bank of the River Hooghly (Rarh) in the 18th century Panchanan Kushari from Dakshindihi (now in Bangladesh), first settled in Gobindapur region around 1720 near what became Fort William, and then after eviction by the British, moved to Jorasanko region south of Sutanuti).
Europeans started coming to Bengal in the 16th century, resulting in the founding of Ugulim (Hooghly-Chinsura) by the Portuguese in 1579. The Battle of Plassey in 1757 resulted in the deposition of the last independent Nawab of Bengal. After the Battle of Buxar, the East India Company was given the right to collect revenues from Bengal. By 1793, the British East India Company had abolished the Nizamat (the office of nizam, the local ruler) and had taken control of the former Mughal province of Bengal.
The Bengal renaissance of the 19th century was a remarkable period of societal transformation in which a whole range of creative activities – literary, cultural, social and economic – flourished. The Bengal Renaissance was the culmination of the process of emergence of the cultural characteristics of the Bengali people that had started in the age of Hussein Shah (1493–1519). This spread over, covering around three centuries, and had a tremendous impact on Bengali society. Incidentally, that coincided with the rise of the Tagore family. The Tagore family attained prominence during this period through its unusual social positioning between Indian and European influences.
The Pathuriaghata family
Sir Prodyot Coomar Tagore (1873–1942), son of Jatindramohun Tagore, was a leading philanthropist, art collector, and photographer. He was the first Indian member of the Royal Photographic Society. He was also the Sheriff of Calcutta for the year 1909.
The Jorasanko family
The business base
“The fame of the Jorasanko Tagores stems from the time of Dwarakanath Tagore (1794-1846).” Dwarkanath was the son of Nilmoni Tagore's second son Rammani Tagore but was adopted by the childless first son RamlochanTagore. He inherited the Jorasanko property and Ramlochan's vast wealth. Dwarakanath was involved in multifarious activities ranging from being an agent of Mackintosh & Co. to being a serestadar, collector and diwan in the 24 Parganas collectorate. However, it was his business prowess that brought him both wealth and fame. In partnership with William Carr, he established Carr, Tagore and Company, the first equal partnership between European and Indian businessmen and the initiator of the managing agency system in India.
Spiritual pursuits
Creative outpourings
Debendranath's third son, Hemendranath Tagore was a strict disciplinarian who was entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the education of his younger brothers as well as administrating the large family estates. Like most of Debendranath's children, he had varied interests in different fields. On one hand, he composed a number of "Bromhosangeets" and on the other, wrote articles on physical science which he planned to compile and edit into a textbook for school students. If his untimely death had not prevented him from completing the project, this would certainly have been the first science textbook to be written in Bengali. He was known for his physical strength and wrestling skills. Exceptionally for the times, he insisted on formal education for his daughters. He not only put them through school but trained them in music, arts and European languages such as French and German. It was another mark of his forward thinking that he actively sought out eligible grooms from different provinces of India for his daughters and married them off in places as far away as Uttar Pradesh and Assam.
Rabindranath Tagore (1861–1941), was Debendranath's penultimate son. He was the first Asian to win a Nobel Prize, and was exceptionally talented and the most famous in the family. Rabindranath is best remembered in history for writing what became the national anthems of the nations of India and Bangladesh and for coining the title Mahatma for Indian nationalist leader Mahatma Gandhi. The youngest son of Debendranath Thakur was Budhendranath, who died at a very young age.
The artists
All these artist Tagore families belong to West Bengal, India.
The younger generation
Rabindranath Tagore's son, Rathindranath (1888-1961) was a multi-talented person. Besides being an agriculturist educated in the US, a talented architect, designer, master-carpenter, painter and writer, was also the first 'upacharya' of Visva-Bharati University. Rathindranath Tagore's wife, Pratima Devi (1893-1969), was an artist associated with Shilpa Sadan, Visva Bharati and also associated with dances and dance drama.
Sharmila Tagore, a well-known Mumbai actress who is connected with Rabindranath Tagore, in an interview stated that her mother's mother, Latika Tagore was the granddaughter of Rabindranath Tagore's brother, Dwijendranath. Pranati Tagore is a renowned and eminent elocutionist, newsreader and Bengali actor. She is married to Sunando Tagore, the great-grandson to Satyendranath Tagore.Pragnasundari Debi, granddaughter of Maharshi Debendranath Tagore, married the most famous Assam author Sahityarathi Laxminath Bezbarua. She was a literary phenomenon in her own right, her cookbook Aamish O Niramish Ahar (1900, reprinted 1995) was a standard given to every Bengali bride with her trousseau, and earning her the appellation "India's Mrs Beeton". Nandita, daughter of Mira Devi, the youngest daughter of Rabindranath Tagore, married Krishna Kripalani, a freedom fighter, author and parliamentarian. His biography of Rabindranath, is amongst the best ever written.
The family environment
The environment at Jorasanko was filled with literature, music, painting, and theatre. They had their own education system. In the earlier days, the women did not go to school but they were all educated at home. Swarnakumari Debi has recalled how in her early days the governess would write something on a slate which the girls then had to copy. When Debedranath discovered this, he at once stopped such a mindless and mechanical method and brought in a better teacher, Ajodhyanath Pakrashi – a male outsider in the women's quarters... Some of the sons like Ganendra, Gunendra and Jyoitrindra set up their own private theatre. To start with men played in the role of women, but over a period of time even the women joined. The environment in the family played a major role in the development of its members. Even Rabindranath Tagore who went to win the Nobel Prize in literature had very little formal education.
Family tree
Dwarkanath Tagore
Girindranath Tagore
Ganendranath Tagore
Gunendranath Tagore
Gaganendranath Tagore
Kanakendranath Tagore
Gitindranath Tagore
Sharmila Tagore, m. Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi
Saif Ali Khan, m. Amrita Singh (divorced), m. Kareena Kapoor
Sara Ali Khan
Ibrahim Ali Khan Pataudi
Taimur Ali Khan Pataudi
Saba Ali Khan
Soha Ali Khan, m. Kunal Khemu
Oindrila Tagore
Romila Sen
Abanindranath Tagore
Samarendranath Tagore
Sunayani Devi, m. Rajanimohan Chattopadhyay
Binayani Devi, m. Seshendra Bhushan Chattopadhyay
Pratima Devi
Debendranath Tagore
Rabindranath Tagore
Rathindranath Tagore
Nandini Devi, m. Giridhari Lala
Shamindranath Tagore
Renuka Devi
Meera Devi
Madhurilata Devi
Satyendranath Tagore
Surendranath Tagore
Kabindranath Tagore
Indira Devi Chaudhurani, m. Pramatha Chaudhuri
Hemendranath Tagore
Hitendranath Tagore
Kshitindranath Tagore
Ritendranath Tagore
Pragyasundari Devi, m. Lakshminath Bezbaroa
Purnima Devi, m. Sir Jwala Prasada
Kunwar Jyoti Prasad
Jitendra Prasada
Jitin Prasada
Pratibha Devi
Abhi Devi
Manisha Devi
Shovana Devi (Shobhanasundari Mukhopadhyay)
Sushama Devi
Sunrita Devi
Dwijendranath Tagore
Sudhindranath Tagore
Saumyendranath Tagore
Dwipendranath Tagore
Arunendranath Tagore
Nitindranath Tagore
Kritindranath Tagore
Birendranath Tagore
Balendranath Tagore
Jyotirindranath Tagore
Somendranath Tagore
Swarnakumari Devi, m. Janakinath Ghosal
Jyotsnanath Ghosal
Sarala Devi Chaudhurani, m. Rambhuj Dutt Chaudhari
Hiranmoyee Devi
Sukumari Devi, m. Durgadas Choudhary
Manmatha Nath Chaudhuri
Devika Rani, m. Himanshu Rai
Saratkumari Devi
Barnakumari Devi
Soudamini Devi
Nagendranath Tagore
Notes
References
Deb, Chitra, Jorasanko and the Thakur Family, in Calcutta, the Living City, Vol I, edited by Sukanta Chaudhuri, pp 64–67, Oxford University Press,
Sengupta, Nitish, "History of the Bengali-speaking People", 2001/2002, UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.,
Sengupta, Subodh Chandra and Bose, Anjali (editors), (1976/1998), Sansad Bangali Charitabhidhan (Biographical dictionary) Vol I, in Bengali, Sahitya Sansad
Devi Choudhurani, Indira, Smritisamput Vol I (1997/2000), in Bengali, Rabindra Bhaban, Viswa Bharati.
Tagore, Abanindranath and Chanda, Rani, Jorasankor Dhare (By the side of Jorasanko) in Bengali,(1944/2003), Viswabaharati Publications Division.
Sastri, Sivanath, Ramtanu Lahiri O Tatkalin Banga Samaj in Bengali, (1903/2001), New Age Publishers Pvt. Ltd.
Dr.S. Radhakrishnan "Rabindranath tagore A Centenary Volume 1861–1961" Sahitya Academy
Mukherjee, Mani Shankar "Timeless Genius" Pravasi Bharatiya April–May 2010 p 89-90
Further reading
External links
Tagore family genealogy Queensland University
Rabindra Bharati Museum, Kolkata – family chronology
Calcuttaweb – family tree
Hindu School, Kolkata
History of Bengal
People from Kolkata
Family
Indian families
Hindu families
Bengali families
Bengali Hindus
The American Registry for Diagnostic Medical Sonography (ARDMS), incorporated in June 1975, is an independent nonprofit organization that administers examinations and awards credentials in the areas of diagnostic medical sonography, diagnostic cardiac sonography, vascular technology,
physicians' vascular interpretation, musculoskeletal sonography and midwifery ultrasound. ARDMS has over 90,000 certified individuals in the U.S., Canada and throughout the world. ARDMS provides certifications, resources, and career information to healthcare practitioners and students practicing medical sonography.
Mission statement
“ARDMS promotes quality care and patient safety through the certification and continuing competency of ultrasound professionals.”
Governance
ARDMS is governed by a board of directors composed of sonographers, vascular technologists, physicians, research scientists and a public member. The board creates the policies and defines the direction; the Exam Development Task Forces (EDTFs) conduct continuous evaluations of the material contained in the examinations.
Examination development
The examinations are developed by subject-matter experts who sit on Exam Development Task Forces (EDTFs). The EDTFs survey job functions and practices in various specialties and develop test questions based upon a blueprint of job tasks in sonography. EDTFs are composed of sonographers, vascular technologists, physicians, and scientists. The members of each EDTF are knowledgeable in the subject area of the particular examination.
As a global organization, ARDMS examinations are being delivered at test center locations in 27 countries. ARDMS has Registrants in 70 countries.
ARDMS credentialing programs (RDMS, RDCS, RVT, and RPVI) have earned the ANSI-ISO 17024 accreditation through the International Organization for Standardization and the American National Standards Institute. The organization is the recognized international standard in sonography credentialing.
Certifications awarded by ARDMS
Registered Diagnostic Medical Sonographer (RDMS): To obtain the RDMS credential, applicants must meet the required prerequisites and must pass two examinations — the Sonography Principles and Instrumentation (SPI) examination, which tests basic physical principles and instrumentation knowledge, and one specialty examination. Specialty areas include Abdomen (AB), Breast (BR), Fetal Echocardiography (FE), Obstetrics and Gynecology (OB/GYN) and Pediatric Sonography (PS).
Registered Diagnostic Cardiac Sonographer (RDCS): Applicants seeking the RDCS credential must meet the required prerequisites and must pass two examinations — the SPI examination and a specialty exam in one of the following areas: Adult Echocardiography (AE), Pediatric Echocardiography (PE) or Fetal Echocardiography (FE).
Registered Vascular Technologist (RVT): To qualify for the RVT credential, applicants must meet examination prerequisites and pass the SPI and Vascular Technology (VT) examinations.
Registered Musculoskeletal Sonographer (RMSKS): Applicants seeking the RMSKS credential must meet the required prerequisites and must pass two examinations — the SPI examination and the Musculoskeletal Sonographer (MSKS) examination.
Registered Physician in Vascular Interpretation (RPVI): The RPVI credential is offered exclusively to physicians. To qualify for the RPVI credential, applicants must meet examination prerequisites and pass the Physician' Vascular Interpretation (PVI) examination.
Registered in Musculoskeletal Sonography (RMSK): The RMSK credential is available to physicians and advanced care providers. To earn this credential, applicants must pass the Musculoskeletal (MSK) Sonography examination.
Certification Recognition
Credentials awarded by ARDMS are widely recognized in the medical community by sonographic and vascular professional organizations, including:
American College of Radiology (ACR)
American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine (AIUM)
American Society of Echocardiography (ASE)
Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (CAAHEP)
Intersocietal Accreditation Commission (IAC)
Society of Diagnostic Medical Sonography (SDMS)
Society for Vascular Surgery (SVS)
Society for Vascular Ultrasound (SVU)
World Federation for Ultrasound in Medicine and Biology (WFUMB)
See also
Medical ultrasound
References
External links
ARDMS Website
Diagnostic cardiology
Medical ultrasonography
Medical and health organizations based in Maryland
Medical associations based in the United States
Grumo Appula is a railway station in Grumo Appula, Italy. The station is located on the Bari–Taranto railway. The train services are operated by Trenitalia.
Train services
The station is served by the following service(s):
Local services (Treno regionale) Bari - Gioia del Colle - Taranto
References
Railway stations in Apulia
Buildings and structures in the Province of Bari
The 2016 presidential campaign of John Kasich, the 69th governor of Ohio, was announced on July 21, 2015. He was a candidate for the 2016 Republican Party presidential nomination. He earned 154 delegates and won only one contest, his home state, Ohio. Kasich suspended his campaign on May 4, 2016, one day after becoming the last major challenger to Donald Trump for the nomination. Kasich vied to become the first Pennsylvania native to hold the office since James Buchanan in 1856, as well as the first from the city of Pittsburgh to do so.
Background
In 1982, Kasich ran for and was elected the U.S. representative for Ohio's 12th congressional district, defeating incumbent Democrat Bob Shamansky, and succeeded him in office on January 3, 1983. After twelve years in Congress, when Republicans took control of Congress in 1994, Kasich was appointed the Chairman of the United States House Committee on the Budget, beginning work at the start of the 104th Congress. As Chairman of the budget committee, Kasich took part in the crafting and passage of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, which led to the first fiscal year without a deficit since 1969.
In 1999, Kasich sought a bid for the Presidency in the Republican primaries of 2000, but withdrew prior to the primary season. Following his exit from Congress, Kasich hosted Heartland with John Kasich, a television talk show on the Fox News Channel, until his exit in April 2007. In 2001, Kasich joined Lehman Brothers' investment banking division as a managing director. He remained at Lehman Brothers until the firm declared bankruptcy in 2008. Lehman Brothers paid Kasich a $182,692 salary and $432,200 bonus in 2008. Kasich stated that the bonus was for work performed in 2007.
In May 2009, Kasich announced his candidacy for Governor of Ohio, winning the Republican nomination, and defeating incumbent Governor Ted Strickland in the 2010 general election. In 2014, Kasich won his reelection for Governor in a landslide, winning 86 of the 88 Ohio counties against Democratic candidate Ed FitzGerald.
Campaign
On July 21, 2015, Kasich announced his candidacy for the presidency in 2016 at the Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio.
Kasich had declared that his campaign would not be "getting people riled up about how bad everything is", but rather, he considered his campaign to be about "light and hope". According to Kasich, his campaign had deferred from attacks on other candidates.
In the Republican debates, Kasich had some fiery exchanges with the front runner Donald Trump, especially concerning immigration reform and Trump's plan to deport all eleven million illegal immigrants currently residing in the United States. During the CNBC Republican debate, Trump accused Kasich of having struck luck with fracking and sitting on the board of Lehman Brothers' at the time of its bankruptcy. Trump furthered, "He was such a nice guy. And he said, Oh, I'm never going to attack. But then his poll numbers tanked. He's got – that's why he's on the end – and he got nasty. And he got nasty. So you know what? You can have him." In the fourth GOP debate which was moderated by the Fox Business Network and The Wall Street Journal, Kasich, along with Jeb Bush, slammed Trump's plan. Kasich responded at one point, "It's a silly argument. It's not an adult argument. We all know you can't pick them up and ship them back across the border."
By the first week of January, Kasich had held his fiftieth town hall meeting in New Hampshire, more than any other presidential candidate in the state. A Monmouth University poll released on January 11 showed Kasich in second place in New Hampshire, tied with Ted Cruz, both with 14%. Explaining his rise to being tied for second place in New Hampshire, Kasich reasoned on January 12 that his increased numbers were due to him having substance and that he believed a victory in the state would give the Kasich campaign "momentum that could take us all the way to the nomination."
During the sixth debate, Kasich responded to a question pertaining to Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, stating that the Republican nominee would "win every state" if he was the Democratic Party nominee and that based on him knowing Sanders, he could promise he "won't be president of the United States."
In mid-January, Kasich began to surge in some polls, leading journalist E. J. Dionne to speculate that Kasich might be filling a desire on the part of Republican "working-class voters who are economically pressed and looking for a champion," but who seemed to prefer Kasich's "sunnier approach" to the "darker message[s]" coming from other Republican contenders. On January 25, he was endorsed for the Republican nomination by The Boston Globe and The New York Times.
Kasich had a strong showing in New Hampshire, coming in second place, surprising many in the media and in politics. Chris Christie suspended his campaign the day after the race, with many of his supporters, including his top donor, going to Kasich.
Kasich ended up in fifth place with 7.6% of the vote in South Carolina after Trump, Rubio, Cruz, and Bush. Bush suspended his campaign the day after the primaries, leaving Rubio and Kasich as the only "establishment" candidates left. Kasich came in fifth at the Nevada caucuses, with only 3.6% of the vote.
On Super Tuesday, Kasich picked up a total of 21 delegates throughout eleven states. He finished second in both the states of Massachusetts and Vermont behind Trump with 18% and 30% of the vote respectively, but otherwise placed in single digits in the rest of the contests. In the period of time between Super Tuesday and the winner-take-all contest period, the governor was awarded 27 delegates from the states of Kansas (1) and Kentucky (5), and also narrowly finished third place in Michigan behind Ted Cruz, taking 17 delegates. On March 12, Kasich again narrowly placed second, this time behind Senator Marco Rubio in Washington, D.C. by 50 votes and collected 9 delegates.
On March 15, Kasich won in his home state of Ohio, while Marco Rubio lost in his home state of Florida (to Trump) and withdrew from the race. Thus, Kasich was left with only two Republican primary opponents: Trump and Cruz. This caused Vox to declare that Kasich was the Republican "establishment's last best hope against Trump", while noting that "Kasich has positioned himself as the anti-Trump". However, on March 16, Kasich was mathematically eliminated from becoming the Republican Party's nominee, given that he had not won enough delegates in North Carolina, Illinois, or Missouri, all of which held their primaries the previous night. The following week on March 22, Kasich came in fourth place to Rubio's ghost in the Arizona primary, with Rubio edging out Kasich by nearly 18,000 votes.
In April, Kasich campaigned in New York ahead of the state primary, where Trump led in polls by a significant margin. Kasich received an endorsement from New York Daily News on April 13. On April 14, Kasich received the endorsement of George Pataki, who called him the GOP's best chance to win the general election. It was the first endorsement Kasich had received from a former fellow candidate in the field. Later that day, Kasich attended a gala along with Trump and Cruz where he said, "I'm going to leave Cleveland as the nominee. Whether you believe it or not, it's going to happen."
In April 2016, the campaigns of Kasich and Ted Cruz agreed to "split up" some of the remaining primaries in an effort to block Donald Trump from gaining the 1,237 delegates necessary to clinch the GOP nomination. However, the pact proved challenging; for example, though Cruz was intended to focus on the Indiana primary, Kasich said that his supporters should still vote for him there. And days later, Cruz clarified that there is "no alliance" but, rather, he and Kasich "made a determination where to focus [the campaigns'] energies."
By May 2016, Trump had amassed a sizable lead of 996 delegates as compared with Cruz's 565 delegates and Kasich's 153 delegates. On May 3, after losing the Indiana primary, Cruz suspended his campaign and Republican National Committee (RNC) chair Reince Priebus stated that Trump will be the presumptive nominee. The next day, Kasich announced that he would also drop out, leaving Trump as the remaining candidate and presumptive nominee.
In December, two faithless electors voted for Governor Kasich, however one was disallowed.
A 2018 study on media coverage of the 2016 election noted "the paradox of the Kasich campaign's longevity while it lacked public interest provides some evidence for the idea that Kasich's biggest supporters were the media".
Political positions
Kasich has taken positions on a number of public policy issues during his tenure in Congress and as Governor of Ohio.
Kasich proposals
Kasich has put together a series of proposals aimed at changing the way the government finances itself and growing the economy. On the budget, he stated that he would work with Congress to put together a plan to balance the budget in eight years, supporting a balanced budget amendment. Kasich would increase the defense budget but freeze other non-discretionary spending. He would reform entitlements including raising the retirement age for eligibility for certain programs. He has laid out a specific outline predicting the revenue and spending for his tenure if he is president.
Kasich supported lowering tax rates for individuals and businesses along with simplifying the number of income tax brackets from seven to three and would implement a top tax rate of 28%. He supports reducing the top corporate tax rate from 35% to 25%. He supports doubling the tax credit for small businesses. He also supports reforming the Internal Revenue Service and reform regulations as president. He would implement a one-year moratorium for new regulations on businesses. He supports requiring Congress to implement cost-benefit analyses. He supports many reforms that would make it harder to implement "costly" regulations on businesses. He stated that he wants to "dismantle Washington" by turning over transportation, medicaid, education, and low income public assistance to the states. On energy, his goal is to become energy independent and has said he is open to all sources of energy. He says he will use "common sense" in energy regulations and supports new research in technologies. In 2014, Kasich had signed in to a law SB 310, a bill that froze Ohio's renewable energy mandate for two years, making Ohio the first state to halt progress on its green energy goals. SB 310 removed the requirement, first set in 2008, for utilities to add renewables to their energy mix.
Abortion
Kasich opposed federal funding for Planned Parenthood. As governor he prevented new dollars from going towards Planned Parenthood in Ohio. He supported streamlining the adoption process, but supported providing a funding stream for rape crisis centers so they could receive needed support and providers could receive training and technical assistance. He believes in exceptions for abortion in the cases of rape, incest, and/or the life of the mother. Kasich has been attacked by Planned Parenthood and NARAL Pro-Choice America.
Education
Kasich believed that education power should be controlled at the state and local level instead of the federal level. Kasich says he opposes federal learning standards but believes states should create their own standards. He supported school choice, with Ohio having quadrupled the number of available vouchers and increased the number of schools whose students are eligible for vouchers.
Guns
He is a supporter of the right to bear arms and, as governor, has enacted legislation to defend gun rights. He has said he is gun-owner, and in the 2014 election he was endorsed by the National Rifle Association. Kasich said that he opposes Barack Obama's executive order on gun control. As governor, he enacted legislation which removed restrictions on licensing requirements for hunters.
Healthcare
Kasich opposed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act though he did expand medicaid in his state under Obamacare. He says the United States should implement a system that has "patient-centered care, choices, market competition, decentralized decision-making, higher quality, respect for individuals and an end to Obamacare's big government interference".
Social safety net
He stated that due to him working in Congress and being Governor of Ohio, one has to make sure that when a President is set out to lift people up, they get the help they need and taxpayers get the value they deserve. He supported welfare reform and was a part of the team that introduced the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act. He supported cutting taxes for low income families which he says he has done in Ohio in addition to increasing the earned income tax credit. He stated that part of criminal justice reform should be helping those addicted to drugs and the mentally ill.
Endorsements
Kasich had obtained endorsements from, among others: Actor Tim Allen, former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales; Senator Rob Portman; former Speaker of the House John Boehner; former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger; Governor Butch Otter of Idaho; and numerous newspaper editorial boards, including that of The New York Times.
References
External links
Official website
Kasich, John
John Kasich
Rheon James (born 21 September 1992) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Cornish Pirates as a centre. James previously played for Carmarthen Quins and the Scarlets before joining the Pirates, and he is also a former Wales U20 international.
References
Cornish Pirates players
Scarlets players
1992 births
Living people
A watchmaker is an artisan who makes and repairs watches. Since a majority of watches are now factory-made, most modern watchmakers only repair watches. However, originally they were master craftsmen who built watches, including all their parts, by hand. Modern watchmakers, when required to repair older watches, for which replacement parts may not be available, must have fabrication skills, and can typically manufacture replacements for many of the parts found in a watch. The term clockmaker refers to an equivalent occupation specializing in clocks.
Most practising professional watchmakers service current or recent production watches. They seldom fabricate replacement parts. Instead they obtain and fit factory spare parts applicable to the watch brand being serviced. The majority of modern watchmakers, particularly in Switzerland and other countries in Europe, work directly for the watchmaking industry and may have completed a formal watchmaking degree at a technical school. They also receive in-house "brand" training at the factory or service center where they are employed. However, some factory service centers have an approach that allows them to use 'non-watchmakers' (called "opérateurs") who perform only one aspect of the repair process. These highly skilled workers do not have a watchmaking degree or certificate, but are specifically trained 'in-house' as technicians to service a small number of components of the watch in a true 'assembly-line' fashion, (e.g., one type of worker will dismantle the watch movement from the case, another will polish the case and bracelet, another will install the dial and hands, etc.). If genuine watchmakers are employed in such environments, they are usually employed to service the watch movement.
Due to factory/genuine spare parts restrictions, an increasing minority of watchmakers in the US are 'independent,' meaning that they choose not to work directly for industry or at a factory service center. One major Swiss watch brand – Rolex – now pre-qualifies independent watchmakers before they provide them with spare parts. This qualification may include, but is not limited to, holding a modern training certificate from one of several reputable schools; having a workshop environment that meets Rolex's standards for cleanliness; using modern equipment; and being a member of the American Watchmakers-Clockmakers Institute. The Omega brand has the same approach. However, the vast majority of modern Swiss brands do not sell parts to independent watchmakers, irrespective of the watchmaker's expertise, training or credentials. This industry policy is thought to enable Swiss manufacturers to maintain tighter quality control of the after-sales service for its watch brands, produce high margins on after sales services (two to four times what an independent watchmaker would ask), and to reduce the availability of second-hand watchmaking parts on the used and fake market.
Training
Historically, in England, watchmakers would have to undergo a seven-year apprenticeship and then join a guild, such as the Worshipful Company of Clockmakers in London, before selling their first watch. In modern times, watchmakers undergo training courses such as the ones offered by the BHI, or one of the many other schools around the world following the WOSTEP style curriculum. Some US watchmaking schools of horology will teach not only the Wostep style, including the ETA range of movements, but also focus on the older watches that a modern watchmaker will encounter on a daily basis. In Denmark the apprenticeship lasts four years, with six terms at the Danish School of Watchmaking in Ringsted. The education covers both clocks and watches, as a watchmaker in Denmark is also a clockmaker. In France, there are three diplomas: the lowest is the Certificat d'aptitude professionnelle (CAP) in horology (in two years), then the "Brevet des Métiers d'Art" horology for another two-year course. And optionally, the Diplôme des métiers d'art / DMA Horlogerie (two years).
Watchmaker as metaphor
William Paley and others used the watchmaker in his famous analogy to imply the existence of God (the teleological argument) .
Richard Dawkins later applied this analogy in his book The Blind Watchmaker, arguing that evolution is blind in that it cannot look forward.
In popular culture
Alan Moore in his graphic novel Watchmen, uses the metaphor of the watchmaker as a central part of the backstory of his heroic character Dr. Manhattan.
In the NBC television series Heroes, the villain Sylar is a watchmaker by trade. His ability to know how watches work corresponds to his ability to gain new superpowers by examining the brains of people he has murdered.
In the scifi novel The Mote in God's Eye by Larry Niven, the Watchmakers are a small technologically intelligent sub-species of the Moties that will repair/improve things left for them (accompanied by food as payment).
In the 2015 major motion picture film Survivor directed by James McTeigue, one of the world's most wanted killers is played by Pierce Brosnan, who demonstrates just how devastating the precision skill sets of a watchmaker can be as he plays the role of 'Nash,' a professional killer who excels at bomb making and long-range shooting.
References
Notable watchmakers
Stefan Anderson
Ferdinand Berthoud
Abraham Louis Breguet
Louis Cartier
George Daniels
John Harrison
Peter Henlein
Christiaan Huygens
Antide Janvier
Jean-Antoine Lépine
Thomas Mudge
Nicolas Mathieu Rieussec
Thomas Tompion
Gérald Genta
See also
Chronometer watch
Clockmaker
Federation of the Swiss Watch Industry FH
History of timekeeping devices
Marine chronometer
National Association of Watch and Clock Collectors
Perlée or pearl pattern
Watch
Further reading
alt.horology
External links
Federation of the Swiss Watch Industry FH
American Watchmakers-Clockmakers Institute
British Horological Institute
Institute of Swiss Watchmaking
AFAHA - Association française des amateurs d'horlogerie ancienne
ANCAHA - Association nationale des collectionneurs et amateurs d'horlogerie ancienne et d'art
Association horlogerie comtoise
Swiss watch industry denies 'Nokia moment' from new Apple Watch
Crafts
es:Relojero
Middle Tamil is the form of the Tamil language that existed from the 8th to the 15th century.
The development of Old Tamil into Middle Tamil, which is generally taken to have been completed by the 8th century, was characterised by a number of phonological and grammatical changes despite maintaining grammatical and structural continuity with the previous form of the language. In phonological terms, the most important shifts were the virtual disappearance of the aytam (ஃ), an old phoneme, the coalescence of the alveolar and dental nasals, and the transformation of the alveolar plosive into a rhotic.
In grammar, the most important change was the emergence of the present tense. The present tense evolved out of the verb (), meaning "to be possible" or "to befall". In Old Tamil, this verb was used as an aspect marker to indicate that an action was micro-durative, non-sustained or non-lasting, usually in combination with a time marker such as (). In Middle Tamil, this usage evolved into a present tense marker – () – which combined the old aspect and time markers.
Early Middle Tamil is the ancestor of both the Modern Tamil and
Malayalam languages. Both languages share multiple common innovations dating to this period. For example, Old Tamil lacks the first and second-person plural pronouns with the ending . It is in the Early Middle Tamil stage that first appears:
Indeed, most features of Malayalam morphology are derivable from a form of speech corresponding to early Middle Tamil.
From the period of the Pallava dynasty onwards, a number of Sanskrit loan-words entered Tamil, particularly in relation to political, religious and philosophical concepts. Sanskrit also influenced Tamil grammar, in the increased use of cases and in declined nouns becoming adjuncts of verbs, and phonology.
The forms of writing in Tamil have developed through years. The Tamil script also changed in the period of Middle Tamil. Tamil Brahmi and Vaṭṭeḻuttu, into which it evolved, were the main scripts used in Old Tamil inscriptions. From the 8th century onwards, however, the Pallavas began using a new script, derived from the Pallava Grantha script which was used to write Sanskrit, which eventually replaced Vaṭṭeḻuttu.
Middle Tamil is attested in many inscriptions, and in a significant body of secular and religious literature. These include the religious poems and songs of the Bhakti poets, such as the Tēvāram verses on Shaivism and Nālāyira Tivya Pirapantam on Vaishnavism, and adaptations of religious legends such as the 12th-century Tamil Ramayana composed by Kamban and the story of 63 shaivite devotees known as Periyapurāṇam. Iraiyaṉār Akapporuḷ, an early treatise on love poetics, and Naṉṉūl, a 12th-century grammar that became the standard grammar of literary Tamil, are also from the Middle Tamil period.
Despite the significant amount of grammatical and syntactical change between Old, Middle and Modern Tamil, Tamil demonstrates grammatical continuity across these stages: many characteristics of the later stages of the language have their roots in features of Old Tamil.
There is a famous saying
translating to 'He whose heart is not melted by Thiruvasagam cannot be melted by any other vasagam [saying]'. The Thiruvasagam was composed by Manikkavasagar.
Notes
References
(Translated from Tamil by E.Sa. Viswanathan)
Tamil language
Languages attested from the 8th century
8th-century establishments in Asia
Susuz is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Hugo Raes (26 May 1929 – 23 September 2013) was a Belgian writer and poet.
Bibliography
Jagen en gejaagd worden (1954)
Afro-europees (1957)
Links van de helikopterlijn (1957)
De vadsige koningen (1961)
Een tijdelijk monument (1962)
Hemel en dier (1964)
Een faun met kille horentjes (1966)
Bankroet van een charmeur (1967)
De lotgevallen (1968)
Reizigers in de anti-tijd (1970)
Explosie (1972)
Het smaran (1973)
De Vlaamse Reus (1974)
Brandstichting tegen de tijd (1976)
Trapezenwerk in het luchtledige (1976)
De verwoesting van Hyperion (1978)
Verzamelde verhalen (1979)
Het jarenspel (1981)
De goudwaterbron (1986)
De Gektewind (1988)
De strik (1988)
De Spaanse sjaal (1989)
Verhalen (1998)
Een aquarel van de tijd (2001)
See also
Flemish literature
References
Sources
Hugo Raes
G.J. van Bork en P.J. Verkruijsse, De Nederlandse en Vlaamse auteurs (1985)
Fernand Auwera, Hugo Raes In: Schrijven of schieten. Interviews (1969)
1929 births
Flemish poets
2013 deaths
20th-century Belgian poets
Metaplanococcus is a genus of Gram-Positive or Gram-variable, cocci or short rod-shaped bacteria in the family Caryophanaceae from the order Caryophanales. The type species of this genus is Metaplanococcus flavidus.
Members of Metaplanococcus are previously species belonging to Planococcus. Instead of branching with species from Planococcus, this species and an unnamed Planomicrobium species formed a monophyletic branch in various phylogenetic trees constructed based on conserved genome sequences, indicating their phylogenetic relatedness. The family Caryophanaceae encompassed many branching anomalies such as this one, partially due to the reliance on 16S rRNA sequences as a method for classification, which is known to have low resolution power and give differing results depending on the algorithm used. In 2020, a comparative genomic study emended the family, resulting in the establishment of three new genera, including Metaplanococcus.
The name Metaplanococcus is derived from the Greek adjective meta, translating into "besides" and the Latin term Planococcus, referring the genus name. Together, Metaplanococcus can be translated as a genus besides Planococcus.
Biochemical Characteristics and Molecular Signatures
Members of this genus motile by means of a single polar flagellum.
17 conserved signature indels (CSIs) were identified through genomic analyses as uniquely present in this genus in the following proteins: ABC transporter substrate-binding protein, methionine–tRNA ligase, MetQ/NlpA family ABC transporter substrate-binding protein, ABC transporter permease, spore protease YyaC, N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminyl-5′L-malate synthase BshA, orotidine-5-phosphate decarboxylase, and phospho-N-acetylmuramoyl-pentapeptide-transferase. These CSIs provide a reliable molecular means for distinguishing members of Metaplanococcus from other genera in the family Caryophanaceae and all other bacteria.
Taxonomy
Metaplanococcus, as of 2021, contains one species with a validly published name. This genus was identified as a monophyletic clade and phylogenetically unrelated to other species in the family Caryophanaceae in studies examining the taxonomic relationships within the family.
References
Bacillales
Bacteria genera
Asmara (Love) is an Indonesian soap opera television series that aired on RCTI daily at 7:00 p.m. in 2012. Produced by SinemArt, it starred Velove Vexia, Glenn Alinskie, Yasmine Wildblood, Fero Walandouw, Arifin Putra, and others.
Cast
Velove Vexia as Asmara
Yasmin Wildblood as Cinta
Tsania Marwa as Flora
Alice Norin as Nora
Fero Walandouw as Petir
Glenn Alinskie as Januari
Arifin Putra as Don
Atalarik Syah as Praja
Jihan Fahira as Anya
Ponco Buwono as Dhamar
Ana Pinem as Inem
Tengku Firmansyah as Maulana
Marini Zumarnis as Asti
External links
Asmara Plot
Asmara (sinetron) - Wikipedia Bahasa Indonesia ensiklopedia bebas
2012 Indonesian television series debuts
2012 Indonesian television series endings
Indonesian television soap operas
Gadfa is a hamlet in the community of Llaneilian, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 140 miles (225.3 km) from Cardiff and 218.8 miles (352.1 km) from London.
The dispersed settlement has a scatter of buildings mainly along and to the west of the A5025, with a smaller number on the eastern side of the road.
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
References
Villages in Anglesey
Arth () is a 1982 Indian drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt, starring Shabana Azmi and Kulbhushan Kharbanda in lead roles and Smita Patil, Raj Kiran and Rohini Hattangadi in supporting roles. It features some of the most memorable soundtracks by Ghazal duo, Jagjit Singh and Chitra Singh.
The semi-autobiographical film was written by Mahesh Bhatt about his extramarital relationship with Parveen Babi. It is one of the 25 Must-See Bollywood Movies as compiled by Indiatimes Movies. The film was remade in Tamil as Marupadiyum (1993) by Balu Mahendra. In 2017, Pakistani actor and director Shaan Shahid released, Arth 2 and Bhatt acted as a "mentor" during production.
Plot
Pooja, who grew up as an orphan girl and always dreamt of owning a house, becomes insecure when she finds out that she and her husband, Inder, have to leave the apartment they rent. The twist that occurred when Inder gives her the keys of a new house proves to be double-edged, when it is revealed that he is in love with another woman, Kavita, with whom he earned the money (in the film industry) for the new apartment. While previously giving advice to her maid cheated by her husband, now Pooja becomes herself involved in a similar situation. When Inder deserts Pooja for Kavita, she chooses to leave the apartment for a women's hostel with only 2000 that she had when she got married. She is helped by Raj to surpass the difficulties of life as a single person, to find a job and to rely morally on herself. Raj and Pooja become good friends. Gradually, Kavita's mental instability deepens her fears of insecurity, even after Inder requests Pooja to sign the divorce papers.
Raj falls in love with Pooja and proposes to her. She refuses saying she is empty and cannot give him anything. Raj tries to persuade her saying that she cannot spend the rest of her life feeling miserable about the past and that she should try to find a new life for herself. Pooja promises to think about it.
Pooja's maid, whose only aim in life is to secure a good education for her daughter, has saved 1000 towards her admission fees. She finds out that her drunk husband has stolen the money. Furious, she searches for him to find him in the arms of his lover after spending all the money. She kills him and goes to the police station and confesses her crime. Worried about her daughter, she calls Pooja who promises to take care of the daughter.
After the insistence of Kavita's mother and her personal doctor, Pooja personally assures Kavita that she is not interested in Inder any more. However, Pooja's attitude only convinces Kavita that breaking Pooja's marriage was a mistake. To escape from her feeling of guilt and insecurity, she breaks-up with Inder. The latter tries to revive his relation with Pooja, but is rejected.
Pooja continues to live with her maid's daughter and refuses to marry Raj saying that she has found a new meaning to life in being independent and being a mother to the child and marrying Raj will only weaken her.
Cast
Shabana Azmi as Pooja Inder Malhotra
Kulbhushan Kharbanda as Inder Malhotra
Smita Patil as Kavita Sanyal
Raj Kiran as Raj
Rohini Hattangadi as Pooja's maid
Dina Pathak as Kavita's mother
Om Shivpuri as Kavita's doctor
Mazhar Khan as Harish
Gulshan Grover as Gulshan
Dalip Tahil as Dilip
Gita Siddharth as Aparna
Siddharth Kak as Anil
Shammi as Mrs. Bhalla
Chand Usmani as School Administrator
Kiran Vairale as Pooja's Hostel Room-Mate
Soundtrack
Box-office
The film was made on a budget of 1 crore and grossed 2 crore at the Box-office and was declared as "Hit" by the Box-office.
Awards
References
External links
Review at rediff.com
Review at Filmi Geek
1980s Hindi-language films
Films featuring a Best Actress National Award-winning performance
Films about adultery in India
Indian feminist films
Films directed by Mahesh Bhatt
Hindi films remade in other languages
Films whose editor won the Best Film Editing National Award
Hindi-language drama films
Small Wonder or variants may refer to:
Film, television and theatre
Small Wonder (TV series), a 1985–1989 American sitcom
A Small Wonder, a 1966 Australian television film
Small Wonders, a 1995 documentary film
Small Wonder, a 1948 Broadway revue written and directed by Burt Shevelove
The First Time (1952 film) (working title Small Wonder), an American film directed by Frank Tashlin
Music
Small Wonder Records, a defunct British record label
Small Wonder, a 1970s Canadian band featuring Henry Small
"Small Wonder", a song by John Abercrombie and John Scofield from Solar, 1984
Other uses
Small Wonder (essay collection), a 2002 book by Barbara Kingsolver
Small Wonder, a webcomic published by Viper Comics
The Small Wonder, a nickname for the U.S. state of Delaware
Hamilton Pool Preserve is a recreational destination located in the Texas Hill Country west of Austin. Reservations are required to visit, and it is open for hiking and sight-seeing. Hamilton Pool is a natural pool that was created when the dome of an underground river collapsed due to massive erosion thousands of years ago. The pool is located about west of Austin, Texas off Highway 71. Since the 1960s, Hamilton Pool has been a popular summer swimming spot for Austin visitors and residents. Hamilton Pool Preserve consists of of protected natural habitat featuring a jade green pool into which a waterfall flows with water temperatures reaching 50 degrees Fahrenheit.
The pool is surrounded by large slabs of limestone that rest by the water's edge; large stalactites grow from the ceiling high above. The ceiling and surrounding cliffs of the grotto are home to moss, maidenhair fern and cliff swallows. The Ashe juniper (cedar) uplands of the preserve are home to the endangered golden-cheeked warbler.
The natural pool and creek are not chemically treated, so water quality is monitored regularly and swimming is occasionally restricted. Hamilton Pool is part of the Balcones Canyonlands Preserve and is a protected environment.
History
Prior to the 19th century, the Tonkawa and Lipan Apaches lived in the area. In the mid-1860s, Morgan C. Hamilton owned the property now known as Hamilton Pool Preserve. His brother, Andrew Jackson Hamilton, evidently visited the grotto while serving as Texas governor (1865–66). In the 1880s, the Reimers' family, immigrants from Germany, bought the property to raise sheep and cattle. Legend says that their eight-year-old son discovered the collapsed grotto.
Although ranchers might have considered the grotto a safety hazard for their livestock, the Reimers soon realized its value as a recreational area and opened the property for public use. Around the turn of the 20th century, the site did not attract many visitors, but by the 1960s, and on into the 1980s, Hamilton Pool's popularity had increased. The land suffered from sheer numbers and few restrictions.
In addition to impact from the visiting public, cattle, sheep and goats grazed the delicate ecosystem for several decades, resulting in changes to the native vegetation. In 1980, the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department cited Hamilton Pool as the most significant natural area in rural Travis County. In 1985, Travis County purchased from the Reimers family and implemented an aggressive land management plan to restore Hamilton Pool. Now, as a result of the restoration plan, the ecosystems of Hamilton Pool are recovering.
Ongoing land management practices at Hamilton Pool Preserve include prescribed burns, prairie restoration, endangered species surveys, biological inventories and water quality monitoring.
In February 2021, a series of five winter storms, including Winter Storm Uri and Winter Storm Viola, swept through Texas in rapid succession. Ice wedges formed in the overhanging cliff and the frequency of rockfalls greatly increased, resulting in the closure of the pool itself. A portion of pool re-opened for swimming in May 2022 but has intermittently closed since then due to high bacteria levels. The trail underneath the overhang remains closed.
Ecology
Flora
The preserve is home to the chatterbox orchid (Epipactis gigantea) and the eastern red bay (Persea borbonia).
Other
Filming location
The 1990 movie The Hot Spot, the 2007 film Teeth the 2010 film Predators, the 2011 film The Tree of Life, and the 2015 music video for the song "Charlie Gray" by the Dallas-based indie-rock band Valise all filmed scenes at Hamilton Pool.
Access
Hamilton Pool is open every day for hiking and sight-seeing. Reservations are required for entry and these are made online through the Travis County Hamilton Pool Preserve Website. The online reservation fee is $12. Additionally, there is an $8 Travis County Park entry fee per person, with various discounts for seniors, disabled veterans.
References
External links
Texas Outside: Hamilton Pool
Austin Explorer: Hamilton Pool Preserve
Crake Productions: Central Texas; Hamilton Pool Preserve
Wild Texas: Hamilton Pool Preserve
Pictures of Hamilton Pool by Brian P. Barnes
Waterfalls of Texas
Protected areas of Travis County, Texas
Nature reserves in Texas
Landforms of Travis County, Texas
The WHODrug Dictionary is an international classification of medicines created by the WHO Programme for International Drug Monitoring and managed by the Uppsala Monitoring Centre.
It is used by pharmaceutical companies, clinical trial organizations and drug regulatory authorities for identifying drug names in spontaneous ADR reporting (and pharmacovigilance) and in clinical trials. Created in 1968 and regularly updated, since 2005 there have been major developments in the form of a WHO Drug Dictionary Enhanced (with considerably more fields and data entries) and a WHO Herbal Dictionary, which covers traditional and herbal medicines. Since 2016 all of the WHODrug products have been available in a single subscription service called WHODrug Global.
Organization
WHODrug drug code consist of 11 characters (alphanumeric code). It has 3 parts: Drug Record Number(Drug Rec No), Sequence number 1(Seq1) and Sequence number 2 (Seq2). Drug Rec No consists of 6 characters. It uniquely identifies active moieties, regardless of salt form or plant part and extract.
Seq1 is used to uniquely identify different variations (e.g. salts and esters), plant parts and extraction methods, thereby defining active substances or a combination of active substances. WHODrug records sharing the same Drug Rec No and Seq1 contain the same variation/plant part/extract variation of the same active moiety. For single-ingredient records, Seq1=01 identifies a specific active moiety. If Seq1 is higher than 01 it refers to variations of that active moiety. For multi-ingredient records, Seq1=01 identifies a combination of active moieties. If Seq1 is higher than 01 it refers to variations of one or more of the active moieties in the combination. Finally, Seq2 uniquely identifies the name of the record in WHODrug.
Example
The Drug Code for the substance Ibuprofen is 001092 01 001. The Drug Code for the trade name Advil infants pain & fever relief is 001092 01 A3D.
Relationship to Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical Classification System
WHODrug records are classified with at least one code from Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical Classification System (including the HATC which stands for Herbal ATC and which is treated as part of ATC for mapping purposes). Preferably, a fourth level ATC code is assigned. ATC assignments in WHODrug are marked as 'official' or 'UMC-assigned'. Official ATC codes are classifications included in the official ATC index, while UMC-assigned ATC codes are classifications NOT included in the official ATC index.
In addition, a separate cross-reference called "Cross-Reference ATC 5". In this additional reference, WHODrug records are matched to fifth level ATC codes where applicable.
Formats
WHODrug is offered in Four formats (called B3 and C3). B3 format is brief while C3 format contains additional columns on top of B3 format.
Dictionary Versions
Standardised Drug Groupings
WHODrug concepts can be organized into groups. Standardised Drug Groupings (SDGs) define groups of drugs. For example, diuretics, corticosteroids, drugs used in diabetes. Groups are also defined based on interaction, for example, drugs interacting with CYP2C8 or drugs interacting with UGT.
References
External links
www.who-umc.org
Pharmacological classification systems
Choi Gil-Soo (born November 12, 1944) is a former football referee from South Korea. He officiated at the 1988 Olympic tournament in Seoul.
References
FIFA Profile
1944 births
Living people
South Korean football referees
Olympic football referees
Sofia Stenman (born 1984), better known as Sofia Zida, is a Mexican-Finnish singer-songwriter. She has released two albums, "Disco Mamazida" and "Buttefly", along with numerous singles. She works primarily in Finland.
Life and musical career
1984–2005: Early life and early career
Born in Vaasa, Finland to a Finnish mother and a Mexican father, Sofia relocated to Helsinki, the capital of Finland at the age of thirteen. Her first public performance was at the age of eight in children's singing contest called "Tenavatähti". At the age of 15 Sofia signed her first record deal with Universal Music Finland and recorded two singles with a group called 'F2F'.
2006–present: International releases and recording in Finnish
In 2006 Zida went on with her solo career by signing a record deal with EMI. The debut single 'You Know What To Do' was Sofia's first hit song as a solo artist released under the name "Sofia". In 2006 Sofia Zida released her first album Disco Mamazida (EMI) under the name "Sofia Zida".
The title song was a huge success and the single hit several club charts in Finland making the song one of the most played songs in clubs and radios. In 2006 Sofia was awarded as the "Best Newcomer" chosen by the Finnish Disco Chart Team.
In 2008 Sofia Zida changed her surname to "Sida" and released her first international single. The song "Reason" was released in July 2008. After recording her album in Sweden, Sofia Sida's second studio album Butterfly was released in September 2009.
The music video for the title song Butterfly was shot in Helsinki, New York and Los Angeles and it was directed by awarded American-Finnish female director, Tii Ricks. In 2010 American DJ / Producer DJ Cadet produced exclusive remixes of Sofia's songs Reason and Party Freak. Remixes were released through American record label Active Ingredient Records.
After "Butterfly" -album Sida changed her surname back to "Zida" and moved to Stockholm. In 2012–2015 Zida concentrated on raising his newly born son in Sweden before returning to Finland in 2015. In 2016 her new single, "Guerrera" was released in Finland through Kaiku Entertainment and distributed by Warner Music Finland. "Guerrera" is the first single for Sofia Zida has recorded in the Finnish language. The song is produced by a Finnish producer, Jurek.
Musical style and performance
Sofia Zida's musical style has changed after the release of her first album. Disco Mamazida being completely based on dance beats her music nowadays includes various styles of musical genres, including dance-pop, pop rock and also Latin music styles.
Career as a DJ
Since 2014, Zida has worked actively as a DJ. Her main style is club-oriented Latin-American music. Her DJ career is maintained by L4 events.
Visual artwork and paintings
Since 2014 has worked as a painter and has so far done 12 exhibitions. She describes her style as "explosive and temperamental".
Discography
2002: As: F2F – 2 single releases
2005: As: Sofia – You Know What To Do (CDs)
2006: As: Sofia Zida – Disco Mamazida (CDs)
2006: As: Sofia Zida – Disco Mamazida (CD)
2008: As: Sofia Sida – Reason (CDs)
2009: As: Sofia Sida – Party Freak (CDs)
2009: As: Sofia Sida – Butterfly (promotional CDs)
2009: As: Sofia Sida – Butterfly (CD)
2009: As: DJ Cadet ft. Sofia Sida – Party Freak DJ Cadet Remixes (digital)
2010: As: DJ Cadet ft. Sofia Sida – Reason DJ Cadet Remixes (digital)
2012: As: Sofia Zida – Blah Blah Blah (promotional single)
2016: As: Sofia Zida – Guerrera (digital)
Awards
Best Newcomer 2007 chosen by Finnish Disco Chart Team (FDCT).
Homesite
www.sofiazida.net
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
English-language singers from Finland
21st-century Finnish women singers
Finnish pop singers
Finnish people of Mexican descent
People from Vaasa
Rhythm and blues singers
The 1904 Baylor football teamwas an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1903 college football season. In its first season under head coach Sol Metzger, the team compiled a 2–5–1 record and was outscored by a total of 106 to 34.
Metzger was brought to Baylor following successes with his previous football teams as both player and captain. At Andover, "the leading preparatory school of the East" at the time, he played two years of football. He subsequently attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he was selected as captain of the freshman football team; after two years of varsity football, the senior was selected as captain of the varsity team and graduated with honor from Penn.
In March 1904, the Southwestern Intercollegiate Athletic Association was formed, encompassing:
"the States of Texas, Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas, Colorado and the Territories of New Mexico, Oklahoma and the Indian Territory. Nearly every important institution within this district is either now a member or has signified its intention of joining in the near future."
Following the season, Lester, a right tackle for Baylor, was selected to the Southwestern football team as a substitute, and center Townes was noted as the greatest rival in the Southwest to Texas's center Glascock.
Schedule
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor football
The Marshall Thundering Herd men's basketball program competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's (NCAA) Division I, representing Marshall University in Conference USA. The program has had 28 head coaches since it began play during the 1906–07 men's basketball season. Since April 2014, Dan D'Antoni has served as Marshall's head coach.
Key
Coaches
Statistics correct as of the end of the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season
Notes
References
Marshall
Marshall Thundering Herd basketball coaches
Human Top may refer to three Marvel Comics characters who have used the name:
Human Top (Bruce Bravelle), Bruce Bravelle, who first appeared in Red Raven Comics #1 (1940)
Human Top (David Mitchell), David Mitchell, who first appeared in The Invaders vol. 1, #27 (1978)
Human Top (Davey Cannon), Davey Cannon, a supervillain, introduced in the 1960s, who is better known as Whirlwind
Many members of the British Royal Family have seen service in British or other Commonwealth armed forces, others hold honorary ranks or positions. This is a list detailing formal military service by members of the British royal family.
There is also a list of military titles, service appointments and various job titles within the Royal Family, listed below. These roles are honorary and may, or may not, also be held by Royals who are ex-military or serving military persons.
I.e. Princess Anne, whilst not having any military service, holds many ranks and roles within HM Armed Forces.
List
The honorary ranks and titles are included in a separate column. The "rank whilst active" column dictates the rank worn and held whilst the Royal was serving with the armed forces and the "current rank worn" column denotes any rank worn currently (notably honorary rank, promotions). Members of the royal family receive regular promotions even after their active service has ended.
Key
A number of abbreviations, acronyms and initialisms are used, to save space:
RN - Royal Navy
RNR - Royal Navy Reserve
RNVR - Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
RM - Royal Marines
RAF - Royal Air Force
MC - Military Cross
Living Members of the Royal Family
Deceased Members of the Royal Family
Notes
Medals that are shown in the "Medals" column, generally only include awards that include a medal ribbon that is worn in uniform, as opposed to some decorations which may be represented by other means. Click or tap on the ribbon to see the name and details.
Ranks that are shown in the "Rank whilst active" column are generally the highest rank achieved by the royal. Rank achieved later (i.e. after retirement from active service and movement to reserve list) is displayed in the "Current rank worn" column.
Rank is received and awarded by members of the Royal Family in generally two ways:
They receive a regular commission after undergoing officer training with one of the Armed Services at their respective establishments; (Britannia Royal Naval College, Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and Royal Air Force College Cranwell).
They are appointed to an honorary rank, either in addition to their regular rank or instead of, if they are not actively serving officers.
N.B. Upon leaving active service, royal members are generally promoted to the rank they would have received, if they had stayed in the Armed Services.
Ranks and roles held by Royals with no military service (honorary ranks)
These Royals hold various ranks and royals, within HM Armed Forces, which are generally known as "Honorary Ranks". Listed below are only the British ones, but there are many more held throughout the Commonwealth.
These may include:
Royal Colonel - an appointment made by the Monarch, to appointment of Colonel-in-Chief or Colonel of a regiment
Honorary Air Commodore-in-Chief and Honorary Air Commodores for the Royal Air Force
Honorary Commodore-in-Chief for the Royal Navy.
Military service of English monarchs
A few English monarchs came to the throne from other countries and served in the armies of their home country. A few served in other armies during their exile.
See also
British royal family
The Canadian Crown and the Canadian Armed Forces
List of honours of the British royal family by country
British Armed Forces
United Kingdom
References
British monarchy
Royal fam
British royal family
Khalid bin Abdullah Al Saud () (born 1950) is the second eldest child of King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia. As the eldest living son of King Abdullah, he is a member of the Allegiance Council.
Early life and education
Khalid bin Abdullah was born in Riyadh in 1950. He is the second eldest son of King Abdullah. His mother is Munira bint Abdullah Al Sheikh.
He was schooled with his younger brother Prince Mutaib at Taif-Barmana School in Lebanon and secondary school in Jeddah. He obtained a bachelor of arts degree in public administration from College of Commerce and Economics at King Abdulaziz University. He later graduated from Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.
Career
After completing his education at Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, Prince Khaled first served as Director of Administration and Planning at the National Guard from 1974 to 1976. Following the Grand Mosque Seizure in 1979, he was appointed deputy commander of the Saudi Arabian National Guard West. Later he commanded the National Guard in the Eastern Province. He remained in this post until 1992. In fact, he was dismissed from the National Guard in 1992 following policy disagreements with his father's advisors.
He is the honorary President of the Jeddah football club Al Ahli. He was a member of Saudi Arabia Football Federation. He is a member of the KAUST Board of Trustees, and the board of the King Abdulaziz and His Companions Foundation for Giftedness and Creativity.
He owns the Saudi Arabian Insurance Company with his sons. They own Technical Support and Operational Services, a limited liability company, founded in 1998.
Personal life
Khalid bin Abdullah is married to Noura bint Abdallah bin Muhammad Al Saud Al Kabir (born 1958). She is the daughter of his paternal aunt, Seeta bint Abdulaziz. They have five children: Duna (born 1981), Faisal (born 1983), Abdulaziz (born 1986), Latifa (born 1992) and Abeer (born 1997).
On 11 June 2011, the Associated Press (AP) erroneously reported Prince Khalid as having died, confusing him with King Abdullah's grand-nephew Khalid bin Abdullah bin Saud bin Abdulaziz. On 12 June 2011, AP sent a retraction correcting the earlier false report of Khalid's demise.
References
20th-century Saudi Arabian businesspeople
21st-century Saudi Arabian businesspeople
1950 births
Khalid
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst
King Abdulaziz University alumni
Living people
Saudi Arabian military personnel
Khalid
Jason Brooks (born 1968) is a British painter and sculptor. He studied at Goldsmiths College before completing his BA at the Cheltenham & Gloucester College of Art & Design. Jason spent some time in the British School of Rome in 1990, then going on to receive his MA from the Chelsea College of Art & Design, London in 1992. He debuted among the YBAs in the 1990s with his black and white portraits. He won the NatWest art prize in 1999. Jason judged the NPG Portrait Prize, John Moores Prize and the Jerwood Prize and has gone on to exhibit globally since then. His work is held in private and public collections all around the world, including the National Portrait Gallery Collection, London. A major overview of the artist's work entitled Perpetual Orgy was published in 2015 to coincide with his solo show, 'Origins', at Marlborough London.
Shows
Brooks had his first one-man exhibition at the Entwistle Gallery in London in 1998. Since then he has shown regularly both in the UK and abroad, including a solo show at the National Portrait Gallery, London in 2008 of portraits, including Sir Paul Nurse, among others. Brooks is currently represented by Marlborough London, with his inaugural show at the gallery in 2013, entitled Ultraflesh. In 2015 Brooks' exhibition Origins brought together different techniques used throughout his career to create 8 paintings that drew initial influence from Gustave Courbet's 1886 paintingL'Origine du monde.
Solo exhibitions
2015 Origins, Marlborough Contemporary, London
2013 Ultra Flesh, Marlborough Contemporary, London
2008 National Portrait Gallery, London
2006 Stellan Holm Gallery, New York
2005 Auto, Max Wigram Gallery, London
2002 Archimede Staffolini Gallery, Nicosia
2001 Harewood House, Harewood, Leeds
2000 Entwistle, London
1998 Entwistle, London
Selected exhibitions
2015 “I never thought I´d see you again” Painting History, Marlborough
Contemporary, London
2012–2013 Beyond Reality, British Painting Today, Galerie Rudofinum, Prague
2011 Do You Believe?, 3812, Contemporary Art Projects, Hong Kong
2010 Straw Dogs, Spring Projects, London
Hyping the Real, Stephane Simoens Contemporary Fine Art, Knokke
2009 Capturing Claudia, Colnhaghi Gallery, London
40 Artists, 80 Drawings, The Drawing Gallery, Powys
2008 Unforgiven, Stellan Holm Gallery, New York
Formula One Project, Renault/ING, Monaco & London
Fresh Eyes, ING Headquarters, London
George Stubbs, Leeds City Art Gallery, Leeds (cat)
Larger Than Life, Stellen Holm Gallery, New York
2007 Timer, Triennale Bovisa, Milan
2006 Heads, Flowers East, London, UK Harewood House, Harewood, Leeds,
UK Museum of Art, Donna
Darkness Visible, Ferens Art Gallery, Hull & Southampton City Art Gallery
Drawing Breath, The Gallery at Wimbledon College of Art, London
2005 Appearance, Whitewall Waterfront, Leeds (cat.)
ID: Recent Purchases on the Theme of Identity Made through
the Contemporary Art Society's Special Collection Scheme,
Ferens Art Gallery, Hull
2004 John Moores 23, Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool (cat.)
Blow Up!, St Paul's Gallery, Birmingham (cat.)
2003 Yes! I am a long way from home, The Nunnery, London and UK tour (cat.)
Pale Fire, Nordenhake, Berlin
2002 Babel 2002, National Museum of Contemporary Art, Seoul (cat.)
2001 I am a Camera, The Saatchi Gallery, London (cat.)
2000 Psycho Some, Lombard Fried, New York
No FuN Without U: The Art of Factual Nonsense, Jeremy Cooper, London
1999 Painting Lab, Entwistle, London (cat.)
The NatWest Art Prize 1999, Lothbury Gallery, London (cat.)
The Flower Show, Harewood House, Harewood, Leeds
John Moores 21, Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool (cat.)
Fresh Paint, Scottish Gallery of Modern Art, Glasgow
National Dependency, Jerwood Gallery, London
1998 New Neurotic Realism, The Saatchi Gallery, London (cat.)
Postcards on Photography, Cambridge Darkroom, Cambridge
Near, Sharjah Art Museum, Sharjah (cat.)
1997 Likeness: Representing Sexualities, Manchester City Art Gallery, Manchester
John Moores 20, Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool (cat.)
1996 Trojan, Paton Gallery, London (cat.)
1995 Fellows' Show, Pittville Gallery, Cheltenham
1994 Pet Show, 63 Union Street, London
UK Masks, Soho Gallery, London
BT Commission, Waterloo Station, London
1993 To Boldly Go…, Cubitt Gallery, London
BT New Contemporaries, Serpentine Gallery, London and UK tour (cat.)
1992 Abstractions from the Domestic Suburb Scene (SIN), Benjamin Rhodes Gallery, London
Collections
Brooks' work is represented private and public collections worldwide, including the National Portrait Gallery in London, the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool, and the Saatchi Collection, London.
Personal life
Brooks lives and works between London and Gloucestershire. He lives with his partner Lucy Yeomans and their daughter. He also has another daughter from a previous marriage.
External links
http://www.jasonbrooks.com/
Footnotes
1968 births
Living people
British painters
Tecmessa scitiscripta, the black-etched prominent, is a moth of the family Notodontidae. It is found from Quebec west to eastern Alberta, south to Florida and Texas, and was formerly placed in the genus Cerura, which is now restricted to the Old World.
The wingspan is 25–40 mm. Adults are on wing from March to October depending on the location. There are one or two generations per year depending on the location.
The larvae feed on the leaves of cherry, poplar and willow.
Subspecies
Tecmessa scitiscripta scitiscripta
Tecmessa scitiscripta multiscripta
Tecmessa scitiscripta canadensis
References
External links
Bug Guide
Moth Photographers Group - Tecmessa scitiscripta
Notodontidae
Moths described in 1865
Moths of North America
Tevi David Troy is a best-selling presidential historian and the former United States Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services (August 2007 - January 2009) during the Presidency of George W. Bush. He also served as a senior White House aide in the George W. Bush administration from March 2005 to July 2007. Troy founded the American Health Policy Institute and served as its CEO from 2014 to 2018. He is currently a Senior Fellow at the Bipartisan Policy Center.
Personal history
Troy is the son of Elaine Troy and Bernard Dov Troy of Queens Village, New York, and a brother of Gil Troy and Dan Troy. He is an Orthodox Jew and member of the Kemp Mill Synagogue in Silver Spring, Maryland, where he lives with his wife, Kami (née Pliskow) and their four children.
Education
Troy graduated from the Ramaz Upper School, a co-educational, college preparatory, private Modern Orthodox Jewish day school located on the Upper East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan; he earned a B.S. from Cornell University and an M.A and Ph.D. in American Civilization from the University of Texas at Austin; and studied at the London School of Economics.
Career
From 1998 to 2000, Dr. Troy served as the Policy Director for Senator John Ashcroft. From 1996 to 1998, Troy was Senior Domestic Policy Adviser and later Domestic Policy Director for the House Policy Committee, chaired by Christopher Cox.
Beginning in August 2003, he served at the White House as Deputy Cabinet Secretary and Liaison to the Jewish community where he advocated for more intense Republican outreach to the American Jewish community noting that nearly 50 percent of Democratic donors are Jewish: "if you're going to take away some percentage of [those] donations to Obama, we're talking some serious money." After less than a year, in May 2004, Troy left the position of White House liaison to the Jewish community to work in the policy department of the 2004 Bush presidential campaign, at which time he was replaced by Noam Neusner (son of Jacob Neusner). As a member of the United States of America Mission to the OSCE, Troy was a member of the US delegation to a conference on antisemitism held in Berlin in April 2004.
He was the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy at the Department of Labor and a policy director in the Senate office of for Sen. John Ashcroft (R-MO), who later became Attorney General, an appointment which Troy supported enthusiastically in his article "My Boss the Fanatic" published in The New Republic.
Troy worked in the Bush administration White House as Deputy Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy from March 2005 to July 2007 and was appointed in August 2007 as Deputy Secretary in the Department of Health and Human Services, where he remained until January 2009.
Troy also serves as a member of the Bipartisan Commission on Biodefense, a group that encourages and advocates changes to government policy to strengthen national biodefense. In order to address biological threats facing the nation, the Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense created a 33 step initiative for the U.S. Government to implement. Headed by former Senator Joe Lieberman and former Governor Tom Ridge, the Study Panel assembled in Washington D.C. for four meetings concerning current biodefense programs. The Study Panel concluded that the federal government had little to no defense mechanisms in case of a biological event. The Study Panel's final report, The National Blueprint for Biodefense, proposes a string of solutions and recommendations for the U.S. Government to take, including items such as giving the Vice President authority over biodefense responsibilities and merging the entire biodefense budget. These solutions represent the Panel's call to action in order to increase awareness and activity for pandemic-related issues.
From 2009 to 2022, Troy was a Senior Fellow at the Hudson Institute. From 2014 to 2018, He was the founder and CEO of the American Health Policy Institute. He is currently a Senior Fellow at the Bipartisan Policy Center.
Published works
Troy is the author of three books and more than 250 articles published in The Wall Street Journal, Commentary, POLITICO, The Times Higher Education Supplement, The Washington Times, National Affairs, The Weekly Standard, National Review, and Reason, and an article in The New Republic entitled "My Boss the Fanatic", concerning "John Ashcroft's relations with the Jews on his staff."
Intellectuals and the American Presidency: Philosophers, Jesters, or Technicians? 2002; Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield, 2003. Hardback ed. (May 2002; 280 pp.): ; . Paperback ed. (2003): ; .
"My Boss the Fanatic". The New Republic 29 January 2001. Accessed 30 April 2007 (abstract; full article requires subscription; purchase). Rpt. in "An Office That Holds Bible Study Together...: An Orthodox Jewish Staffer Lauds John Ashcroft's Inclusion of Minority Religions in his Senate Office", Beliefnet.com, n.d. Accessed 30 April 2007, and on Troy's website.
Fight House: Rivalries in the White House from Truman to Trump 2020; Regnery History
References
External links
"Q&A with Tevi Troy", conducted by Ari Fridman. The Commentator: Official Newspaper of Yeshiva College and Sy Syms School of Business 20 September 2004. (requires registration after first access.)
"White House Official Praises Wyman Institute". Press release. David S. Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies 29 May 2004.
Tevi Troy website
Presidential Nomination: Tevi David Troy
United States Department of Health and Human Services officials
George W. Bush administration personnel
Jewish American government officials
Jewish American writers
American Orthodox Jews
1967 births
Living people
Cornell University alumni
Ramaz School alumni
University of Texas at Austin College of Liberal Arts alumni
New York (state) Republicans
Maryland Republicans
People from Kemp Mill, Maryland
United States Deputy Secretaries of Health and Human Services
American chief executives
Pluckley railway station is on the South Eastern Main Line in England, serving the village of Pluckley, Kent, which is approximately to the north. It is down the line from London Charing Cross. The station and all trains that serve the station are operated by Southeastern.
Facilities
The station features staggered platforms, whereby the 'up' (London-bound) platform is mostly west of the eastbound platform (on which the station buildings are situated). A footbridge links the platforms.
The ticket office is manned only part-time; at other times a ticket vending machine is available.
History
The station opened with this section of the line by the South Eastern Railway on 1 December 1842, when the line was extended from to Ashford. The first train passed through the station on this date at 12.05pm to cheers from the local crowd. It was originally built to serve Pluckley Brick & Tile Works to the west of the station, and subsequently used as a freight depot for the Southwark Manure Company, transporting horse manure from London to use on Kent farms.
Goods service closed on 20 September 1965, and the signal box was taken out of service on 17 December 1967. The station buildings have mostly survived unaltered from their original construction.
Services
All services at Pluckley are operated by Southeastern using EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London Charing Cross via
1 tph to
During the weekday peak hours, there are also services to and from London Cannon Street, and .
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Railway stations in Kent
Transport in the Borough of Ashford
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1842
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Laying is the act of making equipment level. It usually involves moving equipment in small motions so that spirit levels are centralised in all planes. Movement is usually done by small worm gears or other fine setting devices for accurate small movements, together with coarser gears to allow large swings in motion for quick movement between different settings.
Equipment that requires laying before it can be used accurately includes:
theodolites
guns and howitzers in indirect fire (gun laying)
Artillery operation
Machines
Louise Eisenhardt (17 July 1891 – 22 January 1967) was one of the first neuropathologists and was considered leading world expert on tumor diagnosis. She became the first woman president of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons.
Early life
Eisenhardt's parents were Albert Emil Eisenhardt of Königsberg, Prussia (now Kaliningrad, Russia) and Ella Knoll Eisenhardt. Her family was Protestant. She was born in Ramsey, New Jersey in 1891. Before deciding to go to medical school, she was working as an editorial assistant for Dr. Harvey Cushing and continued to work for him while enrolled. Eisenhardt graduated from Tufts medical school in 1925 with the largest academic record ever attained there.
Career
She did an internship at New England Hospital for women and children. Starting 1922, she kept a log of operative tumors on various types of intracranial tumors ever treated by Cushing.
Eisenhardt rejoined Cushing as a neuropathologist after doing a residency for a year. She worked as his surgery associate from 1928 to 1934 and helped diagnose tumors and tissues that he operated on. She co-authored papers with him along with teaching psychopathology at Tufts.
In 1934, Eisenhardt moved with Cushing when he went from Harvard to Yale. Together they worked on a brain tumor registry with more than 2000 specimens. After Cushing died in 1938, Eisenhardt became the curator. She helped neurosurgeons around the world identify tumors and their treatments. The registry was also used to educate neuroscience students in the pathology of intracranial tumors.
In 1944, Eisenhardt became the managing editor of Journal of Neurosurgery and stayed one for 22 years. As of 2003, she was the only female president American Association of Neurological Surgeons.
References
Tufts University School of Medicine alumni
1891 births
1967 deaths
People from Ramsey, New Jersey
American neurosurgeons
American people of German descent
20th-century surgeons
Young Man Dressed as a Majo is an oil on canvas painting by Édouard Manet, executed in 1863, first exhibited at that year's Salon des Refusés alongside Déjeuner sur l'herbe and Miss V Dressed as a Bullfighter. It is typical of the artist's Spanish period, when he was strongly influenced by Diego Velázquez and other Spanish art.
The model was Manet's youngest brother Gustave, shown in the outfit of the dashing young Spaniards known colloquially as majos. It is now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
References
Paintings by Édouard Manet
1863 paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Phtheochroa terminana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the United States, where it has been recorded from Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Tennessee.
The wingspan is 19–22 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to September.
References
Moths described in 1907
Phtheochroa
Metelin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 260.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Pirates and Emperors, Old and New: International Terrorism in the Real World is a 1986 book by Noam Chomsky, titled after an observation by St. Augustine in City of God, proposing that what governments coin as "terrorism" in the small simply reflects what governments utilize as "warfare" in the large. Yet, governments coerce their populations to denounce the former while embracing the latter. In the City of God, St. Augustine tells the story Indeed, that was an apt and true reply which was given to Alexander the Great by a pirate who had been seized. For when that king had asked the man what he meant by keeping hostile possession of the sea, he answered with bold pride, "What do you mean by seizing the whole earth; because I do it with a petty ship, I am called a robber, while you who does it with a great fleet are styled emperor".
This story also appears in John Gower's Confessio Amantis III.2363–2438 and in a poem by François Villon.
References
External links
Pirates and Emperors: International Terrorism and the Real World
Pirates and Emperors: International Terrorism and the Real World
Turning the Tide: U.S. intervention in Central America and the Struggle for Peace
On Power and Ideology: The Managua Lectures
The Culture of Terrorism
Rogue States: The Rule of Force in World Affairs
Letters from Lexington: Reflections on Propaganda
Political books
Books by Noam Chomsky
Books about terrorism
Books about foreign relations of the United States
Books about politics of the United States
The Wingspread Conference on the Precautionary Principle was a three-day academic conference where the precautionary principle was defined. The January 1998 meeting took place at Wingspread, headquarters of the Johnson Foundation in Racine, Wisconsin, and involved 35 scientists, lawyers, policymakers and environmentalists from the United States, Canada and Europe.
Background
The formal concept evolved out of the German socio-legal tradition in the 1930s, centering on the concept of good household management. In German the concept is Vorsorgeprinzip, which translates into English as precaution principle.
Many of the concepts underpinning the precautionary principle pre-date the term's inception. For example, the essence of the principle is captured in a number of cautionary aphorisms such as "an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure", "better safe than sorry", and "look before you leap". The precautionary principle may also be interpreted as the evolution of the ancient medical principle of "first, do no harm" to apply to institutions and institutional decision-making processes rather than individuals.
Final statement
In the final text of the agreement, it was agreed that the precautionary principle could be summarized as
cv
When an activity raises threats of harm to human health or the environment, precautionary measures should be taken even if some cause and effect relationships are not fully established scientifically.
The members also concluded that current environmental policies do not do enough to prevent environmental disasters instead of controlling damage after an incident.
Follow-up committees
The February 2, 2000 European Commission Communication on the Precautionary Principle notes: "The precautionary principle applies where scientific evidence is insufficient, inconclusive or uncertain and preliminary scientific evaluation indicates that there are reasonable grounds for concern that the potentially dangerous effects on the environment, human, animal or plant health may be inconsistent with the high level of protection chosen by the EU".
The January 29, 2000 Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety says: "Lack of scientific certainty due to insufficient relevant scientific information ... shall not prevent the Party of import, in order to avoid or minimize such potential adverse effects, from taking a decision, as appropriate, with regard to the import of the living modified organism in question."
References
1998 in the environment
Environmental conferences
Environmental law in the United States
Academic conferences
Racine, Wisconsin
Risk management
1998 in Wisconsin
Antonio Bonsius (died 1533) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze (1528–1533).
Biography
On 3 January 1528, Antonio Bonsius was appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VII as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze.
He served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze until his death in 1533.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VII
1533 deaths
Aziz Tamoyan (July 1, 1933 in Zovuni, Armenia – January 2, 2021) was a Yazidi politician and the president of the Yezidi National Union in Armenia.
On September 30, 1989, he was elected chairman of the National Union of Yazidis of Armenia, and in 1997 he became chairman of the National Union of Yazidis of the World.
See also
Yazidis in Armenia
References
1933 births
2021 deaths
People from Kotayk Province
Armenian Yazidis
Yazidis in Armenia
Armenian human rights activists
Cedar Creek is a long 3rd order tributary to the Deep River in Chatham County, North Carolina.
Course
Cedar Creek rises about 1 mile east of Goldston, North Carolina and then flows southeast to the Deep River about 0.5 miles east-northeast of Gulf, North Carolina.
Watershed
Cedar Creek drains of area, receives about 47.5 in/year of precipitation, and has a wetness index of 435.12 and is about 66% forested.
See also
List of rivers of North Carolina
References
Rivers of North Carolina
Rivers of Chatham County, North Carolina
Arthur Robinson (22 June 1855 – 24 February 1913) was an English cricketer. He played three matches for Gloucestershire in 1878. He was the son of Elisha Smith Robinson and the father of Douglas Robinson. He joined E. S. & A. Robinson in 1874 and with his brother Edward steered it towards a limited company. His priority was always the business over County Cricket. In 1874 he made a substantial donation to Marlborough College to enable the building of the cricket pavilion. He was the President of the Grateful Society in 1893.
References
1855 births
1913 deaths
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
Cricketers from Bristol
Henry M. "Hank" DeVito is an American musician and photographer known primarily for his pedal steel guitar work and songwriting.
Biography
After high school, DeVito attended the School of Visual Arts in New York City. He studied graphic arts and intended to pursue a career as a graphic designer. But he also began playing music gigs in 1968.
The New York Rock and Roll Ensemble
In 1970, DeVito joined the New York Rock & Roll Ensemble which also included Michael Kamen and Dorian Rudnytsky.
Emmylou Harris Hot Band
DeVito was an original member of Emmylou Harris's Hot Band, along with James Burton (electric guitar), Glen Hardin (piano), Rodney Crowell (acoustic guitar), John Ware (drums), and Emory Gordy Jr. (bass). In 2004, Emmylou and the Hot Band original members (including DeVito) reunited for an evening when Emmylou was awarded the ASCAP Founders Award.
The Cherry Bombs
DeVito was also an original member of the Hot Band offshoot The Cherry Bombs, a band formed to support Rodney Crowell and Rosanne Cash on tour in the early 1980s. Besides DeVito, the band included Vince Gill (guitar), Tony Brown (keyboards), Larrie Londin (drums), and Emory Gordy Jr. (bass). In 2003, they reunited to record the Notorious Cherry Bombs album.
Session work
As a session musician, DeVito worked with Hoyt Axton, Arlo Guthrie, Tim Krekel, Nicolette Larson, Ralph McTell, Buck Owens, Ricky Skaggs, George Strait, and others.
Songwriting
DeVito has written many songs, and a number of them were successful. Examples include "If You Change Your Mind" by Rosanne Cash, "Sweet Little Lisa" by Dave Edmunds, "Blue Side of Town" by Patty Loveless and "Queen of Hearts" by Juice Newton.
Photography
Parallel to his music career, DeVito has also been an accomplished photographer, inspired by Berenice Abbott and Walker Evans. One of his photos, used as an album cover for "King's Record Shop" by Rosanne Cash in 1987 won a Grammy award. His photographs of Nashville images have been displayed at the Tennessee State Museum and other museums and galleries.
Discography
References
External links
Living people
American country guitarists
American male guitarists
Pedal steel guitarists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Misericordia Health Centre was founded in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada by the Misericordia Sisters in 1898. Today, ownership of the hospital is the responsibility of the Misericordia Corporation within the Archdiocese of Winnipeg. The funding for programs and services is administered through the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority and charitable donations received by the Misericordia Health Centre Foundation.
History
Winnipeg Maternity Hospital (1900-1917)
The Misericordia Sisters soon realized there was an increasing need from the community and in 1900 they moved to two and a half acres of land between Sherbrook and Maryland streets to establish the Winnipeg Maternity Hospital.
A few years later, in December 1906, a three-storey, $145,000 T-shaped addition, designed by architects Senecal & Smith was added. The basement level was reserved for separate dining areas for priests, nurses and patients. The first floor held a reception area and storage, as well as an office for the sister superior. The second floor had a living room with a balcony for the sisters. The addition opened in September 1907.
Misericordia General Hospital (1917-1998)
In 1917 the Winnipeg Maternity Hospital changed its name to Misericordia General Hospital with 125 beds, 50 bassinets and 50 medical practitioners.
In the mid-1950s, 99 Cornish and Wolseley West additions were constructed.
Misericordia Health Centre (1998-2017)
In 1998, with the transition of the Emergency Department into an Urgent Care Centre and the opening of 174 Interim Care beds, Misericordia General Hospital changed its name to Misericordia Health Centre.
Since October 3, 2017 the Urgent Care Centre at MHC has moved to Victoria Community Hospital and Interim Care is home to 111 beds. Other changes that have occurred at MHC include:
The construction of a 100-bed personal care home, Misericordia Place in 2000
Significant expansion of the Provincial Health Contact Centres size and scope of programs
Consolidation of the Sleep Disorder Centre at MHC in 2008
Creation of a 16-bed Scheduled Respite Program
Four thousand eight hundred more CT scans per year will take place at MHC since a new ward, the Diagnostic Imaging Outpatient Centre, was opened in April 2019.
The 60 year old Misericordia Education and Resource Centre (691 Wolseley Ave.) is designated to be replaced by a 10-storey building of seniors housing.
References
External links
Misericordia Health Centre
Hospitals in Winnipeg
Hospitals established in 1898
The Standing Stone Trail is an linear hiking trail in south-central Pennsylvania, leading from Cowans Gap State Park in Fulton County, north to Detweiler Run Natural Area in Huntingdon County. Most of the trail follows rocky ridgetops in the Appalachian Mountains, with some walking through agricultural valleys and small towns, and it also passes through various segments of Rothrock State Forest and four different State Game Lands. It was constructed to connect the Tuscarora Trail and Mid State Trail, and it is a component of the Great Eastern Trail network.
History
The trail was constructed in the late 1970s, and was originally named the Link Trail due to its goal of connecting the Tuscarora Trail in southern Pennsylvania with the Mid State Trail in the center of the state. The trail originally led from Cowans Gap State Park to Greenwood Furnace State Park, at which point the interested hiker would continue on the pre-existing Greenwood Spur Trail for about another seven miles to a junction with the Mid State Trail. The trail was renamed as the Standing Stone Trail in 2007, as a tribute to a tradition among the region's Native Americans to record genealogies on a "standing stone" in each village. In the late 2010s, state forestry officials allowed the former Greenwood Spur to be added to the Standing Stone Trail, allowing it to reach the Mid State Trail and extending its total length to 84.2 miles. The Standing Stone Trail was named trail of the year by the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources in 2016.
Route
The route of the Standing Stone Trail is described here from south to north. The trail begins at a junction with the Tuscarora Trail near the dam and artificial lake at Cowans Gap State Park. The Standing Stone Trail briefly heads to the south through the state park, but then turns north and climbs to the top of Cove Mountain. At 2.4 miles it exits the state park and enters the first of several discontiguous segments of Rothrock State Forest. Along the top of the ridge formed by Cove Mountain, there are some small parcels of private land where hiking is prohibited during Pennsylvania's deer hunting season. After descending off the mountain, the trail passes through a rugged hollow called "The Narrows" at 7.5 miles, then at 8.5 miles encounters an old grade remaining from an uncompleted cross-Pennsylvania railroad attempted by William Henry Vanderbilt in the 1890s, locally known as "Vanderbilt's Folly".
At 10.0 miles the trail walks briefly along US Route 522 near the village of Burnt Cabins, then continues north through some farm fields. After a crossing of Little Aughwick Creek, the trail enters State Game Lands 81 and begins a lengthy climb to the top of Blacklog Mountain. The trail follows the top of this ridge for about the next nine miles, and then descends into an agricultural valley. At 19.8 miles the trail follows PA Route 475 for short distance through the village of Meadow Gap, then follows paved residential roads to the west, including a road bridge over Aughwick Creek, until turning onto PA Route 994 and walking through the village of Three Springs at 24.7 miles.The trail then turns back to the north and enters State Game Lands 99, climbing to the top of Jacks Mountain for another lengthy ridgetop walk. At 33.7 miles the trail reaches Butler Knob shelter, followed about one mile later by a fire tower. At 36.3 miles the trail reaches a talus slope with a vista called Hall of the Mountain King, followed by a side trail that leads briefly to another talus slope and vista called the Throne Room. The trail then enters State Game Lands 71 and descends off of Jacks Mountain, walking through the village of Mapleton. At 46.1 miles, in the center of Mapleton, the trail briefly joins PA Route 655 and uses the road bridge over the Juniata River.
The trail crosses US Route 22 at 46.8 miles then follows an old railroad grade parallel to the highway, entering State Game Lands 112. At 48.3 miles it reaches the bottom of the Thousand Steps, a stairway built by hand from nearby rocks by railroad workers in 1936. The steps were built as a shortcut for workers to reach several different segments of a switchbacking industrial railroad that served rock quarries on the side of Jacks Mountain, above a sharp gap that had been cut by the Juniata River, and there are actually more than 1,100 steps in all. A climb up and down the Thousand Steps is popular with the area's fitness enthusiasts, and has been noted as one of Pennsylvania's more unique hiking options.
After the top of the steps, the trail continues rising to the top of Jacks Mountain once again, and stays on the rocky ridgetop for about the next seven miles. After a steep descent off the mountain, the trail crosses PA Route 655 again and begins a lengthy, multi-step climb to the top of Stone Mountain. At 65.0 miles the trail enters the largest swath of Rothrock State Forest, and will remain in this tract for most of the rest of its distance. Just after the boundary, the trail passes briefly through Rocky Ridge Natural Area, and at 69.1 miles it passes a locally popular hawkwatching platform. The expansive Big Valley Vista, toward the town of Belleville, is reached at 73.8 miles, followed by a descent off of Stone Mountain. The trail crosses PA Route 305 and enters Greenwood Furnace State Park at 77.6 miles. It then re-enters Rothrock State Forest, joining the former Greenwood Spur Trail, and climbs to the top of Broad Mountain. After a relatively brief walk across the top of this mountain, the trail descends and enters Alan Seeger Natural Area at 82.2 miles. The trail then continues to the north, reaching Detweiler Run Natural Area and ending at a junction with the Mid State Trail at 84.2 miles.
References
External links
Standing Stone Trail Club - official website
Hiking trails in Pennsylvania
Great Eastern Trail
Long-distance trails in the United States
St. Joseph Parish is a parish designated for Polish immigrants in Suffield, Connecticut, United States. It was founded on March 12, 1916. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
History
On March 12, 1916, Bishop John Joseph Nilan appointed Fr. Francis Wladasz as founding pastor of the newly created St. Joseph Parish. The new pastor celebrated the first parochial Mass on Easter Sunday of 1916 in the Edwin D. Morgan stable, purchased earlier by the St. Joseph Society and converted into a church.
On November 9, 1952, Bishop Henry J. O'Brien dedicated modern St. Joseph Church with a Georgian style brick edifice.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Joseph - Diocesan information
St. Joseph - ParishesOnline.com
Archdiocese of Hartford
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Suffield, Connecticut
Churches in Hartford County, Connecticut
Christian organizations established in 1916
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1962
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 9 is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in 1983.
Summary
The book collects ten novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors, originally published in 1982 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented, together with an introduction by the editor.
Contents
"Introduction" (Arthur W. Saha)
"Another Orphan" (John Kessel)
"Square and Above Board" (R. A. Lafferty)
"The Horror on the #33" (Michael Shea)
"Djinn, No Chaser" (Harlan Ellison)
"Sentences" (Richard Christian Matheson)
"Influencing the Hell Out of Time and Teresa Golowitz" (Parke Godwin)
"'Other'" (Jor Jennings)
"The Malaysian Mer" (Jane Yolen)
"Lest Levitation Come Upon Us" (Suzette Haden Elgin)
"Mirage and Magia" (Tanith Lee)
Notes
1983 anthologies
Fantasy anthologies
DAW Books books
Gabriel Temudzani (born 10 February 1980) is a South African actor and TV presenter.
He is known for his role of Chief Vhafuwi Azwindini since 2000, on the TV soap opera Muvhango aired on SABC 2, on which he has been an actor since 2000.
Early life
Temudzani was born in 1980 and bred in Tshivhilidulu in the Nzhelele area, in Venda.
Career
In 1995,He began his acting career and made his screen acting debut in 2000.
He acted in the feature film A Diamond and Destiny in 2003, about the discovery of gold and diamond in Kimberly. In 2009, he landed a lead role in the feature film Night Drive.
In theatre he has appeared in the show The Dog and The Night of Horror, for which he won a Vita award.
And now he is currently a lead actor on Muvhango and presents the magazine show La Famila, which also airs on SABC2.He is the presenter on La Familia from Shandukani Nesengani, starting with Season 3 in 2010.
Personal life
Gabriel married Refilwe Temudzani in 2013.
Filmography
Television
film
Awards and nominations
He won vita awards for his role on The Dog and The Night of Horror.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
South African television presenters
South African male soap opera actors
People from Limpopo
One Flight Up is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dexter Gordon recorded in 1964 in Paris and released on the Blue Note label., featuring Donald Byrd on trumpet, pianist Kenny Drew, bassist Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen, and drummer Art Taylor.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 3½ stars stating "One Flight Up stands as a testament to Dexter Gordon's viability as a bandleader and teammate, while his individualism is somewhat sublimated. It's a good listen to digest all the way through, especially if you are as patient as the performers, who have a lot to say".
The LondonJazzCollector remarks upon Gordon's role in encouraging young talent and seasoned pros alike to stretch themselves, stating "it's great to find [Gordon] give lots of space to the other players, particularly in the Byrd-penned “Tanya” which occupies all of side one. Dexter is quietly restrained, Byrd plays to Hubbard, Drew plays to Pearson and Hancock, Taylor mixes Blakey with a touch of Williams, and NHOP [Pedersen] walks dreamlike through the 18 minute space."
Track listing
All compositions by Dexter Gordon except as indicated.
"Tanya" (Donald Byrd) - 18:18
"Coppin' the Haven" (Kenny Drew) - 11:17
"Darn That Dream" (Eddie DeLange, Jimmy Van Heusen) - 7:30
"Kong Neptune" - 11:02 Bonus track on CD reissue
Personnel
Dexter Gordon - tenor saxophone
Donald Byrd - trumpet (tracks 1 & 2)
Kenny Drew - piano
Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen - bass
Art Taylor - drums
References
Blue Note Records albums
Dexter Gordon albums
1965 albums
Bonney Forge was founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1876 by Charles S. Bonney. Originally Bonney Forge crafted forged and finished hardware for horse-drawn wagons, later it became a manufacturer of automotive hand tools, and now it is a manufacturer of fittings and unions, branch connections, steel valves and specialty products.
In 1953 Bonney Forge was taken over by the Miller Manufacturing Company of Detroit, Michigan. In 1964 the firm was sold to Kelsey-Hayes Corp. of Romulus, Michigan.
The company was for many years based in Allentown, Pennsylvania, where it had some of its manufacturing operations. Bonney Forge also had manufacturing operations in Alliance, Ohio, Orangeburg, South Carolina and near Milan, Italy.
Plant closures
In March 1964 Bonney Forge closed its manufacturing plant in Allentown, after it moved manufacturing operations from there to the Mount Union, Pennsylvania. In August 2001 Bonney Forge closed its manufacturing plant in Allentown because the plant building could not be modernized to handle a new press.
Distribution
Bonney Forge valves are broadly distributed internationally, prominently through HSP Valves in the UK, The Alloy Valve Stockist in Spain, and AIV in the US.
See also
List of defunct consumer brands
References
External links
Bonney's 1967 Tool Catalog on the Internet Archive
Defunct consumer brands
Tool manufacturing companies of the United States
Automotive tool manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Pennsylvania
Manufacturing companies established in 1876
1876 establishments in Pennsylvania
Yamaguchi Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 3.7 km2. The dam impounds about 10 ha of land when full and can store 800 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1970 and completed in 1996.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1996 establishments in Japan
Al-Ramadi () is a Syrian town located in Abu Kamal District, Deir ez-Zor. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Al-Ramadi had a population of 3,593 in the 2004 census.
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
Aleksandr Trifonov may refer to:
Alexandr Trifonov (born 1986), Kazakh biathlete
Aleksandr Trifonov (canoeist), Soviet sprint canoeist
Swaffham Bulbeck is a small village in East Cambridgeshire, England.
Swaffham Bulbeck is located about from the city of Cambridge, and from the famous racing town of Newmarket. The parish of Swaffham Bulbeck is part of the Diocese of Ely and the Deanery of Fordham and Quy. The benefice consists of five parishes, Swaffham Bulbeck, Swaffham Prior, Bottisham, Lode and Quy.
Children initially attend primary school in the village and usually then go on to Bottisham Village College.
Name
The word "Swaffham" is derived from Old English Swæfe ham, meaning "the home of the Swabians", also found in the name of the town of Swaffham in Norfolk. The "Bulbeck" part of the name originates from the de Bolbec family, who possessed the manor in the 11th and 12th centuries.
Culture and community
Every year the village summer theatre company produces and performs one of Gilbert and Sullivan's operas. Established in 1982 the company has run every year since, first at the Long Barn to the south of the village until its redevelopment in 1988 and then to a much more capacious setting in a barn central to the village by kind permission of the owner. This venue too has now come up for redevelopment and the production is now based at Downing Farm by kind permission of the Turner family.
Swaffham Bulbeck's experience of World War II was investigated and later commemorated in 2015 in a community project led by Swaffham Bulbeck-based disability charity Red2Green. The project was funded by The Heritage Lottery Fund. During the activities, eight films were made showing oral histories of seven local residents talking about their personal experiences of World War II. These can be viewed on YouTube (see below for link to page). A time capsule containing objects representing different elements of the project is buried in front of the village war memorial.
Church
The church is dedicated to St Mary the Virgin. The west tower was built in the early 13th century and is the most ancient part of a very ancient building. The tower is square with three storeys and is supported by eight buttresses. It is built of locally quarried clunch (from Burwell).
The nave was constructed in the first half of the 13th century. It consists of four uniform bays with six octagonal piers supporting the clerestory which was added in the 15th century. The north aisle was built in about 1300 and the south aisle a few years later.
Apart from some fragments of 14th and 15th century stained glass in the north aisle, all the 10 windows in the aisles and 8 in the celestorey are of plain leaded glass. The nave is some long by wide and the aisles are wide. The church can seat about 200 people at full capacity.
The churchyard contains many interesting gravestones — there are six tomb chests, the earliest dating from 1742, and about 35 headstones with shaped tops dating from 1703 onwards.
As regards the vicarage, in the late 1970s it was decided by the parish that the village no longer required a vicarage of its own. It was sold to the public, and now provides bed and breakfast accommodation. It is erroneously now called The Old Rectory.
Trade
The village is located just beyond the end of Swaffham Bulbeck Lode, a man-made waterway connected to the River Cam. The hamlet of Commercial End, at the northern edge of the village, was an important inland port from medieval times, although the waterway had been in use since Roman times. Principal buildings include the late 17th-century Merchant's House, which had a counting house added in the mid 18th century. Workers' cottages and warehouses were added to the street by Thomas Bowyer, after he acquired the house in 1805. River trade declined once the railways reached the area, and the house and contents were sold after 1877. The street retains its 18th and early 19th century character, although the lode is now only navigable as far as Slade Farm, some away.
Notable citizens
Gigi Crompton, American-British art conservator and Botanical Society of Britain and Ireland Recorder for Cambridgeshire for 30 years.
Sir Bryan Harold Cabot Matthews , Professor of Physiology at King's College, Cambridge 1952–1973 and lived in the Grade II listed Priest's House at 99 High Street.
Barrie Rickards, Professor of Palaeontology and Biostratigraphy at the Cambridge University, recipient of the Lyell Medal and world-renowned angler
Frederick Sanger , twice awarded the Nobel prize in Chemistry
References
External links
http://www.swaffhambulbeckpc.org.uk/
http://www.genuki.org.uk/big/eng/CAM/SwaffhamBulbeck/index.html
http://www.british-history.ac.uk/report.aspx?compid=18870e
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLeHsG0nWZZQNXkBqGDXviw
Villages in Cambridgeshire
Civil parishes in Cambridgeshire
East Cambridgeshire District
Eddie Ladd is a Welsh television presenter and leading dance and performance artist.
Early life and education
Eddie Ladd's birth name is Gwenith Owen. She grew up on a farm near Cardigan, West Wales. Subsequently she studied Drama and Music at Aberystwyth University. She graduated in 1985.
When Owen joined the acting union, Equity, she registered her name as Eddie Ladd because "it sounded quite snappy".
Career
From 1989 she was the "controversial presenter" of the Welsh language television music show Fideo 9 on S4C. She also fronted The Slate (in English) on BBC2.
Ladd was a member of the anarchic performance company, Brith Gof, for ten years. She toured with them internationally across Europe and South America.
She has created her own works and projects since the early 1990s. Her solo show, Club Luz, won an award at the 2003 Edinburgh Festival. In 2005 she was chosen by the British Council to represent the best of Welsh theatre at the Edinburgh Festival, together with No Fit State Circus and Volcano Theatre.
In 2009 Ladd created Ras Goffa Bobby Sands/The Bobby Sands Memorial Race, a 50-minute theatrical piece about the Irish hunger striker, Bobby Sands. The play, staged on a giant running machine, toured Wales. The performance left Wales, with The Independent reviewing her appearance at 'The Place', London. The audio content is in English and Welsh, reflecting Ladd's personal agenda which the reviewer says "at a London performance on an Irish subject, it felt like a different argument". Though the verbal content is difficult to hear, "the movement is strong. Ladd is a wiry, athletic performer, dogged and driven.".
Awards and recognition
NESTA Fellowship (2001)
Edinburgh Festival Total Theatre Award (2003), for physical and visual theatre.
Best Dance Artist, The Wales Theatre Awards (2016).
References
External links
Living people
Welsh female dancers
Welsh television presenters
Welsh-language television presenters
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century British dancers
Edward Schnell (June 3, 1830 - August 22, 1911) and Henry Schnell (August 4, 1834 - October 15, 1917) were brothers of Dutch extraction and German arms dealers active in Japan. After the enforced opening of Yokohama to foreign trade, Edward, who in the 1850s had served in the Prussian Army and spoke Malay, must have arrived in Japan no later than 1862, as he had a 7-year-old boy from his Japanese wife Kawai Tsugonusuke in 1869. He is also listed as owner of plot "No. 44" in Yokohama. He teamed up with the Swiss watch dealer Perregeux presumably until 1867.
Henry served as secretary and translator to the Prussian consul Max von Brandt. While travelling in an open coach through Edo (modern Tokyo) in September 1867 the brothers were attacked by a samurai from Numata, who, by drawing his sword, in a private vendetta was trying to enforce the Sonnō jōi policy. The attacker was shot in the chest but managed to escape. While wildly shooting around the Schnells injured an innocent passer-by. The Japanese bodyguards provided by the Bakufu remained inactive. Von Brandt demanded that the attacker be executed, something the gaikoku-bugyō would not consent to. After much diplomatic wrangling the Prussian consul, realising that he had not the necessary military means, backed up and left it to the appropriate authorities of the samurai's Han to decide an appropriate punishment.
Document reliability
There are very few documents regarding the two brothers. Even the dates and places of their birth and death are unknown. They were from the Kingdom of Prussia, and raised in the Dutch East Indies (present day Indonesia). There is inconsistency also in Henry's name, varying from Henry Schnell, John Henry Schnell, I. Henry Schnell, and C. H. Schnell. Sometimes the two brothers are mistaken as the same person.
Boshin War
During the Boshin War in 1868–1869 Henry is known to have counselled the daimyō of Nagaoka, in Niigata, to whom he sold two Gatling guns (only one other existed in Japan at the time), 2,000 French rifles, and various other armaments. Troops seized Edward's storehouse in Niigata in 1869, and in a compromise brokered by the Dutch consul he received $ compensation in 1873. Apparently he lost most of his invested money in Germany during the economic crises of the late 1870s.
Aizu-Han
Edward and Henry Schnell also served the Aizu domain as a military instructor and procurer of weapons. Henry was granted the Japanese name , which inverted the characters of the daimyōs name . Hiramatsu (I. H. Schnell) was given the right to wear swords, as well as a residence in the castle town of Wakamatsu, a Japanese wife (the daughter of a Shōnai-han retainer), and retainers. In many contemporary references, he is portrayed as wearing a Japanese kimono, overcoat, and swords, with Western riding trousers and boots.
California
After Aizu's defeat, Henry, his Japanese wife and about two dozen disgruntled samurai established a 600-acre settlement in California. The Wakamatsu Silk and Tea Farm in what is nowadays El Dorado County was not economically viable, mainly because the samurai lacked the necessary skills (also social) to work the land. After two years Henry Schnell with his wife and daughter disappeared without further trace. Since 1969 this first Japanese settlement in the US has been marked by a commemorative plaque. In November 2010 the site was purchased by a land preservation society who plan to construct a museum. Kawashima Chūnosuke reported having met Edward in Geneva in 1885.
Depictions in media
The Boshin War and some of Henry's activities in Japan were dramatized in a 2015 TV movie, Samurai Warrior Queens.
See also
List of foreign-born samurai in Japan
Further reading
Adachi Yoshio . Kaishō Suneru to Boshin Niigata kōbōsen . Niigata: Toyano Shuppan , 1985. (in Japanese)
Weber, A.; Kontorrock und Konsulatsmütze; Hamburg 1886, Tokyo 1939 (novel, Edward as "General Schnurr")
Saotome, Mitsugu; Hekigan no Aizu-Bushi; in: Rekishi e no Shōtai, Nr. 2 (1979), p. 125–164 (in Japanese)
Stahncke, Holmer; Die Brüder Schnell und der Bürgerkrieg in Nordjapan; Tokyo, Dt. Ges. für Natur- und Völkerkunde Ostasiens, 1986, 48 p. (in German)
Takashi, Yoshio; Kaishō Schnell; Tokyo 1983 (in Japanese)
References
External links
Wakamatsu Tea and Silk Farm Colony at Gold Hill
German expatriates in Japan
German expatriates in Indonesia
German businesspeople
German people of Dutch descent
Meiji Restoration
People of the Boshin War
1830s births
Year of death unknown
Thomas Victor Dolinay (July 24, 1923 – April 13, 1993) was the second Metropolitan Archbishop of the Byzantine Catholic Metropolitan Church of Pittsburgh, the American branch of the Ruthenian Catholic Church.
Early life
Born July 24 to Rusyn immigrant parents in Uniontown, Pennsylvania, Dolinay's father was a Greek Catholic priest. Dolinay attended public schools in Struthers, Ohio, and Uniontown and graduated in 1941. He earned his undergraduate degree at St. Procopius College in Lisle, Illinois in 1945 and completed his theological studies at the Benedictine Seminary in 1948. On May 16, 1948, Bishop Daniel Ivancho ordained him to the priesthood in the chapel of Mount Saint Macrina Monastery in Uniontown.
Dolinay had parish assignments for the next 18 years throughout the Pittsburgh Exarchate and the Passaic Eparchy. He also served as the first managing editor of The Byzantine Catholic World and the first editor of the Eastern Catholic Life eparchial newspapers. Pope Paul VI named him a papal chamberlain with the title Monsignor in 1966.
Episcopate
Monsignor Dolinay became the first auxiliary bishop of the Passaic Eparchy on November 23, 1976. His installation was held at St. Peter's Roman Catholic Cathedral in Scranton, Pennsylvania. As auxiliary to Bishop Michael Dudick, he served as the Vicar for the churches located in Eastern Pennsylvania.
Eparchy of Van Nuys
Since the 1950s the Byzantine Catholic Church had experienced growth in the western United States, establishing parishes there. On December 3, 1981, Pope John Paul II by decree established a new eparchy, the Eparchy of Van Nuys, composed of 13 western states. Its center was Van Nuys, California, a suburb of Los Angeles, and its cathedral would be at St. Mary's Church, the first Byzantine Catholic parish formed in the western United States. John Paul II appointed the auxiliary bishop of the Passaic Eparchy, Dolinay, to head the newly created Van Nuys Eparchy.
The Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Van Nuys was canonically erected on March 9, 1982. At the same time Metropolitan Archbishop Stephen Kocisko installed Dolinay as the first Bishop at a ceremony in St. Cyril of Jerusalem Roman Catholic Church in Encino, California. Archbishop Pio Laghi, the Apostolic Delegate to the United States, read the papal decrees. Timothy Manning, the Cardinal Archbishop of Los Angeles, was the homilist.
In 1990, with the retirement of Archbishop Kocisko of Pittsburgh approaching, Pope John Paul II relieved Dolinay of his duties as Bishop of Van Nuys and appointed him Coadjutor Archbishop of the Byzantine Catholic Archeparchy of Pittsburgh on February 19, 1990. The Pope appointed the Auxiliary Bishop of Passaic, George Kuzma, to succeed Bishop Dolinay.
Metropolitan Dolinay
Kocisko submitted his resignation and entered into retirement on May 16, 1991, automatically making Dolinay the second Metropolitan of the Byzantine Catholic Metropolia.
After a brief illness he unexpectedly died at age 69 on April 13, 1993. He is buried in the cemetery of Mount Saint Macrina Monastery in Uniontown, Pennsylvania.
References
External links
Thomas Dolinay bio sketch at Catholic-Hierarchy.org
The Byzantine Catholic Archeparchy of Pittsburgh
Byzantine Catholic Church in America
Ruthenian Catholic bishops
American Eastern Catholic bishops
Benedictine University alumni
American people of Rusyn descent
Religious leaders from Pittsburgh
People from Uniontown, Pennsylvania
20th-century Eastern Catholic bishops
1923 births
1993 deaths
20th-century American clergy
The Gouldian finch (Chloebia gouldiae), also known as the Lady Gouldian finch, Gould's finch or the rainbow finch, is a colourful passerine bird that is native to Australia.
Taxonomy
The Gouldian finch was described by British ornithological artist John Gould in 1844 as Amadina gouldiae, in honour of his deceased wife Elizabeth. It is also known as the rainbow finch, Gould's finch, or the Lady Gouldian finch and sometimes just Gould. The Gouldian finch is sister to the parrotfinches in the genus Erythrura.
Description
Both sexes are brightly coloured with black, green, yellow, and red markings. The females tend to be less brightly coloured. One major difference between the sexes is that the male's chest is purple, while the female's is a lighter mauve.
Gouldian finches are about 125–140 mm long. Gouldian finches' heads may be red, black, or yellow. Formerly considered three different kinds of finches, it is now known that these are colour variants that exist in the wild. Selective breeding has also developed mutations (blue, yellow and silver instead of a green back) in both body and breast colour.
There are several "prominent rounded tubercles" with an "opalescent lustre" at the back of the gape. These tubercles are commonly (and incorrectly) described as phosphorescent in spite of much scientific evidence to the contrary. It is believed that these tubercles simply reflect light and are not luminescent.
Distribution and habitat
Prior to the Australian government's ban on the export of Australian fauna, Gouldian finches were exported worldwide. These birds have resulted in viable breeding populations being held in many countries.
Captive breeding has resulted in several colour mutations. Mutations vary by country, with some existing only in Australia (the Australian yellow and the Australian "dilute") and others existing in greater number in the United States, such as the blue bodied Gouldian. The most common body mutations in the United States are blue, pastel green (single and double-factor, resulting in "dilute" and yellow males and yellow females), and pastel blue (again, single and double-factor producing "pastel" and silver males, and silver hens). There is also a lutino and albino mutation in the United States, established by Winnie McAlpin of Delmar Aviaries.
Conservation status
The number of Gouldian finches has decreased quite dramatically during the 20th century. Their habitat has been reduced or altered. Early research indicated a parasite called the air sac mite was responsible for the decline of the species. This is no longer considered to be a major factor. In general, Gouldian finches are susceptible to diseases and viral infections. Their beautiful colours mean that they are easily caught by predators. Fires are listed as the primary threat to the natural populations.
Behaviour
Outside the breeding season, Gouldian finches often join mixed flocks consisting of long-tailed finches and masked finches. Flocks can consist of up to 1,000–2,000 individuals. During the breeding season, they are normally found on rough scree slopes where vegetation is sparse. In the dry season, they are much more nomadic and will move to wherever their food and water can be found.
Feeding
Like other finches, the Gouldian finch is a seed eater. They eat up to 30% of their bodyweight each day. During the breeding season, Gouldian finches mainly feed on ripe and half-ripe grass seeds of sorghum. During the dry season, they mainly forage on the ground for seeds. During the wet season, spinifex grass seed (Triodia sp.) is an important part of their diet. So far Gouldians have been recorded eating six different species of grass seed, but researchers have yet to find evidence of insect consumption.
Breeding
Gouldian finches will usually make their nests in tree-holes. They usually breed in the early part of the dry season, when there is plenty of food around. When a male is courting a female, he bobs about and ruffles his feathers in an attempt to show off his bright colors. He will expand his chest and fluff out the feathers on his forehead. After mating, the female will lay a clutch of about 4–8 eggs. Both parents help brood the eggs during the daytime, and it is the female who stays on the eggs at night. When the eggs hatch, both parents care for the young. Gouldian finches leave the nest after between 19 and 23 days and are completely independent at 40 days old.
Gouldian finches have brightly coloured gapes and call loudly when the parent birds return so that they are able to find and feed their mouths in the dark nest.
It has been shown that female Gouldian finches from Northern Australia can control the sex of their offspring by choosing mates according to their head color. A certain amount of genetic incompatibility between black and red-headed birds can result in high mortality (up to 80%) in female offspring when birds of different head colours mate. If the female mates with a finch of different head colour, this genetic incompatibility can be addressed by over-producing sons, up to a ratio of four males to one female. This is one of the first proven instances of birds biasing the sex of their offspring to overcome genetic weaknesses.
Aviculture
Gouldian finches are a popular species in aviculture because of their striking colors and low care requirements. Gouldian finches get along well with other species of grass finch and some other docile species of bird, such as waxbills and parrot finches.
Trapping for aviculture
In the Kimberley District of Western Australia, where most wild Gouldian finch were trapped for aviculture, it was often reported as one of the more common of the eleven finch species. Until 1977, it was trapped in greater numbers than any other finch. From 1897, when finch trapping started in the Kimberley, it was the most sought after finch by trappers and the most desired by fanciers. Between the years 1934 and 1939, the Gouldian finch was the most exported single finch species. The Perth Zoo exported 22,064 finches of which 12,509 were Gouldian. Private dealers exported 35,315 finches, of which 14,504 were Gouldian. The number of finches taken in the 1958 finch trapping season was the largest for one year, of the 38,649 finches taken, 11,286 were Gouldian. The last licensed trapping of Gouldian finch in Western Australia was on 15 November 1981. In that year's finch trapping season, of the 23,450 finches taken 1,054 were Gouldian. However, it is now illegal to export these birds from Australia.
Gallery
Gouldian finch mutations
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet
Courtship dance of the male Gouldian finch (video)
Domesticated birds
Gouldian finch
Birds of the Northern Territory
Birds of Western Australia
Endangered fauna of Australia
Nature Conservation Act endangered biota
Gouldian finch
Gouldian finch
John Anderson McDowell (September 25, 1853 – October 2, 1927) was for two terms a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1897 to 1901.
Biography
Born in Killbuck, Ohio, McDowell attended the common schools, the Millersburg High School, and Lebanon (Ohio) Normal College.
He graduated from the Mount Union College, Alliance, Ohio, in 1887.
He taught in rural schools 1870-1877. Following this he served as principal of Millersburg High School 1877-1879.
Superintendent of Millersburg schools 1879-1896.
County school examiner for twenty years.
Instructor in the summer school of the College of Wooster, Ohio from 1896 to 1917 and in the summer school of Ashland College, Ohio in 1918.
Congress
McDowell was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-fifth and Fifty-sixth Congresses (March 4, 1897 – March 3, 1901).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1900.
Superintendent of public instruction of the Ashland city schools 1908-1927.
Trustee of the State normal college at Kent, Ohio from 1911 to 1922.
Later career and death
He served as president of Northeastern Ohio Teachers' Association in 1921 and of Ohio State Teachers' Association in 1926.
He was also interested in agricultural pursuits.
He died in Cleveland, Ohio, October 2, 1927.
He was interred in Oak Hill Cemetery, Millersburg, Ohio.
Sources
1853 births
1927 deaths
People from Holmes County, Ohio
National Normal University alumni
College of Wooster faculty
University of Mount Union alumni
Kent State University people
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Nottingham Corporation Gas Department was responsible for the production and supply of coal gas in Nottingham, England, from 1874 to 1947.
Pre-Corporation ownership
Various Nottingham townsmen collaborated to get a bill passed in parliament on 8 May 1818 to establish the Nottingham Gas Light and Coke Company.
Nottingham Gas Light and Coke Company
The first works was erected at Butchers Close beside the Nottingham Canal. The plant was probably designed by Thomas Livesey. On 14 April 1819, streets in the city were lit by gas for the first time. Ten gas lamps only were lit, one at the top of Hollowstone, one at the top of Drury Hill, five in Bridlesmith Gate and three in front of the Exchange. Crowds flocked to witness the miracle of a flame burning without a wick but these crowds were terrified lest the pipes conveying the gas to the burners should explode and blow them up.
Increased demand led to a second holder at Butchers Close in the early 1820s and by 1835 this had increased to five.
The Nottingham Gas Act 1842 extended the limits of supply to include Sneinton, Radford, Lenton and Basford. The company expanded over the next 30 years under the capable leadership of managing engineer Thomas Hawksley. There were new works built at Radford (1844) and Basford (ca.1854).
On 7 November 1853 a specially convened meeting of the Town Council appointed a committee to look into taking over the supply of gas. The committee reported to back on 3 January 1854. It was of the opinion that under existing circumstances no adequate advantage would be gained by the Council taking upon itself the risk of the Gas supply.
By 1861, gas was being delivered from Nottingham as far as Beeston.
The Nottingham Gas Act 1864 further extended the limits of supply and allowed for the purchase of Samuel John Barber's works at Eastcroft, Nottingham. More capital was raised through the Nottingham Gas Act 1873.
The Nottingham Corporation Gas Act 1874 transferred the company to local authority control at a meeting on 1 May 1874 when a meeting of shareholders at the George Hotel approved the transfer of ownership. The accepted offer was a payment of £75 for each £50 share.
The Nottingham Corporation Gas Office was based on George Street, adjoining the George Hotel.
By 1914, seven million cubic feet of gas was made daily from 700 tons of coal
There was an unstable period due to mismanagement during the early years of the twentieth century, but sales revived in the 1930s. By 1936 Radford had become a reserve station.
On Nationalisation in 1949 they became part of the Nottingham sub-division of the Nottingham and Derby division of the East Midlands Gas Board, and then the British Gas Corporation in 1972.
References
1874 establishments in England
Energy companies established in 1874
1947 disestablishments in England
Energy companies disestablished in 1947
Organisations based in Nottingham
Utilities of the United Kingdom
Defunct oil and gas companies of the United Kingdom
History of Nottingham
Industrial history of England
British companies established in 1874
Equinox Publishing may refer to:
Equinox Publishing (Jakarta), a publisher of books on Indonesia
Equinox Publishing (Sheffield), an independent academic publisher based in Sheffield
Dimitrious Stanley (born September 19, 1974) is a former American football wide receiver in the Arena Football League who played for the New Jersey Red Dogs. He played college football for the Ohio State Buckeyes. He also played in the Canadian Football League for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
He ran unsuccessfully for Columbus City Council in 2015.
References
1974 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Canadian football wide receivers
New Jersey Red Dogs players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
Triple-click is the action of clicking a computer mouse button three times quickly without moving the mouse. Along with clicking and double-clicking, triple-clicking allows three different actions to be associated with the same mouse button. Criticism of the double click mechanism is even more valid for triple-clicks. However, few applications assign critical actions to a triple click.
Examples of usage
On text
In most text processing programs and edit controls triple-clicking with the primary mouse button (the left button for right-handers) on the text selects the entire line. If the edit control is not multiline, the entire text is selected.
Microsoft Word
A triple-click within a paragraph in the text area selects the entire paragraph.
A triple-click in the left margin (when the mouse pointer is an up-and-to-the-right arrow) selects the entire document.
Microsoft Works
A triple-click within a paragraph in the text area selects the line.
A triple-click in the left margin (when the mouse pointer is an up-and-to-the-right arrow) selects the entire document.
Corel WordPerfect
A triple-click within a paragraph in the text area selects the sentence.
A triple-click in the left margin (when the mouse pointer is an up-and-to-the-right arrow) selects the entire document.
Outlook and Outlook Express
A triple-click within a paragraph in the text area selects the entire paragraph.
Text fields
A triple-click in a text entry field (a text entry widget) selects the entire line of text. This is a standard feature of the widgets themselves, so works in most applications, on Linux as well as Windows.
Quark Express
A triple-click selects the current line.
Four clicks select the current paragraph.
Five clicks selects the whole document.
Web browsers
Firefox 3.0
In Firefox 3.0 a triple-click will highlight all text within any single HTML element on the page.
Firefox 3.5
In Firefox 3.5 and upwards, a triple-click selects the entire paragraph. If the triple click is inside a content editable element, and is on the first paragraph, it selects the text, and the opening tag of the element.
Internet Explorer 7
In Internet Explorer 7 a triple-click will highlight all text within any single HTML element on the page. If there is an article with multiple paragraphs one can highlight an entire paragraph with a triple-click.
Opera
In Opera a triple-click will select all text within a sentence while automatically popping up a list of commands to apply to the selected text. A quadruple-click will select all text within a single paragraph while keeping the aforementioned popup open.
Safari 3.0
In Safari 3.0 a triple-click will highlight all text within any single HTML element on the page. If there is an article with multiple paragraphs one can highlight an entire paragraph with a triple-click.
Chrome
In Google Chrome (and by extension Chrome OS), triple-clicking any part of a Web page will cause the nearest text node to be highlighted completely.
Adjusting speed
Adjusting speed of triple-click depends on the operating system:
On Windows XP triple-clicking has the same time as double-click and changing the double click setting affects triple-click behavior as well.
See also
Single-click
Double-click
References
User interface techniques
The Center for Economic and Social Justice (CESJ) is a non-profit, educational and research institution organized under § 501(c)(3) of the United States Internal Revenue Code. The think tank is registered as a non-stock corporation in Washington, DC, and located in Arlington, Virginia, U.S.A. Founded in 1984, CESJ studies, promotes, and develops programs embodying a free enterprise approach to global economic justice through expanded capital ownership. CESJ calls its approach “the Just Third Way.” The organization describes itself as politically and religiously pluralistic.
Mission and philosophy
CESJ's stated mission is to “develop and disseminate a strategy and series of approaches by which people can understand and practice the moral values, central principles and logic behind a free enterprise theory of economic and social justice.” Its approach is based on a synthesis of the social doctrine of Pope Pius XI as analyzed by CESJ co-founder the late Reverend William J. Ferree, S.M., Ph.D., detailed in The Act of Social Justice (1943) and Introduction to Social Justice (1948), and the economic justice principles developed by lawyer-economist Louis O. Kelso and Aristotelian philosopher Mortimer J. Adler in their two books, The Capitalist Manifesto (1958) and The New Capitalists (1961). CESJ considers the subtitle of the latter — “A Proposal to Free Economic Growth from the Slavery of Savings” — to be particularly significant in its challenging of the fundamental assumption of Keynesian economics that the only way to finance new capital is to cut consumption and accumulate money savings.
Many CESJ members and supporters do not agree that the terms “capitalist” and “capitalism” accurately describe the system Kelso and Adler framed. Karl Marx and the socialists, they claim, invented these terms to condemn what they saw as the inherent greed, exploitation, and injustices inherent in a system where the powers and profits of land and productive assets became concentrated within a tiny elite of private owners. To remedy the abuses of concentrated capital ownership, Marx and Engels in The Communist Manifesto (1848) declared, “[T]he theory of the Communists may be summed up in the single sentence: the abolition of private property.” In contrast, Kelso turned the socialist's central assumption around by asserting that private property, far from being the problem, is essential for creating a truly just free market global economy. An economically just economy is one in which every citizen can be a capital owner without taking property away from the currently wealthy (whom the system allowed to monopolize ownership of increasingly productive labor displacing-technologies).
CESJ defines "capitalism" as a system in which proprietary rights to profits and control over capital assets is concentrated in a small private elite, and "socialism" as a system in which capital ownership or control is vested in the State. In both systems most people are dependent on wages and welfare for subsistence. CESJ prefers the term "Just Third Way" to describe the Kelsonian alternative. According to CESJ, the Just Third Way is a system based on equality in which capital is broadly owned instead of concentrated, and everyone has equality of opportunity to gain personal income from private property rights both from one's human (or labor) contributions and one's non-human (or capital) contributions to the productive process.
CESJ bases its policies and programs on respect for human dignity and "sovereignty of the person." This is realized through empowering every individual economically and politically with non-coercive means to acquire direct ownership of capital. Citing the example of leveraged Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs), CESJ points out how capital can be and has been acquired by new owners through personal access to capital credit designed to be repayable with the future earnings of the capital itself. Access to such credit and other non-redistributive social means can be universalized by reforming specific institutions of society (see the section below under “Capital Homesteading”).
Principles
CESJ describes its policies and programs are applications of the three principles of economic justice Kelso and Adler explained in Chapter 5 of The Capitalist Manifesto:
• Participation. “Participation” or “participative justice” is the input principle that promotes the fundamental human right of every person to equal opportunity to live in a system that promotes their dignity and access to social means for empowering them to contribute their labor as well as their capital, to the production of marketable goods and services.
• Distribution. “Distribution” or “distributive justice” is the out-take principle — based on the exchange value of one's economic contributions — that all people have a right to receive a proportionate, market-determined share of the value of the marketable goods and services they produce with their labor, their capital, or both.
• Harmony (Limitation/Social Justice). “Harmony” or “Social Justice” is the feedback principle that balances “participative justice” and “distributive justice” when either essential principle is missing or is violated by the system. Kelso and Adler referred to this principle as the “principle of limitation,” arguing that, since everyone has a right to own capital, no one should own so much as to inhibit or prevent others from owning. Norman G. Kurland and Dawn K. Brohawn of the Center for Economic and Social Justice (CESJ) argue that, since economic justice is a subset of social justice, there should (consistent with the principle of participation be less emphasis on class warfare politics based on redistributing wealth of all persons favored by the current system, and more emphasis on reforming economic institutions to ensure equality of opportunity to acquire capital.
History
Alexandria Tire Company (Egypt)
In 1990, Norman G. Kurland, CESJ's president, headed the team that implemented the world's first ESOP (called a “Workers Shareholders Association” under a new Egyptian law) in a developing country for the Alexandria Tire Company using funds provided by USAID. Writing to The Wall Street Journal, Melanie Tammen of the Competitive Enterprise Institute cited the Alexandria Tire Company as the sole worthy achievement in USAID's record of aid to Egypt.
Capital Homesteading
In 1982 Norman G. Kurland (later president of CESJ) wrote a concept paper on the “Capital Homestead Act” at the request of Dr. Norman Bailey, then-Chief Economist for International Affairs of the National Security Council. Conceived as a “New Marshall Plan” for stimulating rapid, non-inflationary growth, the proposal contained Federal Reserve, tax and other expanded capital ownership reforms intended to enable each citizen to accumulate a “capital homestead” of income-generating assets sufficient to meet ordinary living expenses and reduce over time the growing costs of unsustainable Federal entitlement spending.
The Capital Homesteading concept was an expansion of the “Second Income Plan” (later called “The Industrial Homestead Act”) developed by Louis O. Kelso and Walter Lawrence in 1965. Referring to Kelso's ideas, then-Governor Ronald Reagan declared in 1974 that “Lincoln signed the Homestead Act. . . . We need an Industrial Homestead Act.” The Kelso Plan to make every citizen an owner was renamed the “Capital Homestead Act” in CESJ's Capital Homesteading for Every Citizen (2004).
• In 1992 Kurland was invited by then-U.S. Democratic Congressman and Majority Whip-at-Large Mike Espy (later appointed Secretary of Agriculture by President Clinton) to speak on a panel workshop of the Congressional Black Caucus. C-Span televised the presentation of the Capital Homestead agenda. At the invitation of Secretary of Agriculture Espy, CESJ representatives participated in the 1994 Senior Policy Retreat for 75 top-level USDA officials. Norman Kurland served as a “challenge speaker,” and delivered a white paper on a new expanded ownership thrust for U.S. agricultural and rural development policy.
• In February 2001 CESJ received a grant from the William H. Donner Foundation to develop an expanded ownership strategy to address the crisis in the U.S. Social Security system. The report was released in December 2002.
• On January 1, 2004, CESJ published an expanded version of the strategy paper under the title Capital Homesteading for Every Citizen: A Just Free Market Solution for Saving Social Security. CESJ describes the book as an “economic blueprint for the Just Third Way,” adding some new features and changing the name of Kelso's comprehensive set of reforms from his “Second Income Plan” and Ronald Reagan's “Industrial Homestead Act.”
Communications
Since its founding, CESJ has made as a central part of its mission the dissemination of what it believes is a radical advance in moral philosophy and market economics. Much of CESJ's work involves educating others through writings, meetings, seminars and its web site, about a new global paradigm, which CESJ calls “the Just Third Way.”
• In collaboration with the Scholars for Social Justice and the World Institute for Development and Peace, CESJ drafted and met jointly on August 23, 1997 in St. Louis to approve “The Universal Declaration on the Sovereignty of the Human Person Under God.”
• Alberto Magaña, former President of El Salvador, translated into Spanish CESJ's article on “Closing the Wealth Gap: A Just Third Way” (“Cerrando la Brecha de la Riqueza: Una Tercera Vía Justa”). The translation appeared in the October 2000 issue of Entorno, published by the Universidad Tecnológica de El Salvador.
• Since 2005 CESJ members have rallied every April at the entrance of the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C. to draw attention to the critical role that every central bank could play in getting money power to every citizen to purchase new capital.
• CESJ representatives have addressed U.S. and international audiences at the invitation of such groups as the Inter-American Development Bank, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the American Bankers Association, the AFL-CIO's George Meany Center for Labor Studies, the Heritage Foundation, the Society for International Development, the International Development Law Institute of Rome, the Reason Foundation, the National Center for Neighborhood Enterprises, The ESOP Association, the National Center for Employee Ownership, the Foundation for Enterprise Development (now the Beyster Institute), the Czech Academy of Sciences, and committees of the Russian Duma.
• CESJ speakers have conducted seminars on the expanded ownership approach to privatization for high-level government policymakers, business executives and labor officials from developing countries, and have offered classes through the International Law Institute, the Center for Financial Engineering in Development, the Citizens Network for Foreign Affairs, and the International Management Group/INTRADOS.
Publications
Beginning with the 1986 orientation book for the Presidential Task Force on Project Economic Justice (below), Every Worker an Owner, and the Task Force Report, High Road to Economic Justice, CESJ has published books on public policy and monetary and tax reform, as well as compendia of previously published articles.
Curing World Poverty: The New Role of Property (1994) was published in a joint venture with the Central Bureau of the Catholic Central Union of America in St. Louis under the “Social Justice Review” imprint. Capital Homesteading for Every Citizen: A Just Free Market Solution for Saving Social Security (2004), a “policy manual for change,” was published under CESJ's “Economic Justice Media” imprint. With the 2012 publication of The Restoration of Property: A Reexamination of a Natural Right, CESJ began a series of “Paradigm Papers” to address specific issues.
CESJ has also published three titles in its “Economic Justice Classics” series: annotated editions of William Cobbett's The Emigrant's Guide (1829), William Thomas Thornton's A Plea for Peasant Proprietors (1848, 1873) and Harold G. Moulton's The Formation of Capital (1935).
Political stance
CESJ has no official political stance, being multi-partisan in its outreach. Its members come from every political affiliation from ultra-liberal to arch-conservative and belong to both major parties and a number of third parties. The “American Revolutionary Party” has adopted CESJ's “Just Third Way” as part of its platform. In 2011 members of CESJ formed the Coalition for Capital Homesteading to advocate the passage of a Capital Homestead Act.
References
Bibliography
Adler, Mortimer J., and Kelso, Louis O., The Capitalist Manifesto. New York: Random House, 1958.
Adler, Mortimer J., and Kelso, Louis O., The New Capitalists. New York: Random House, 1961.
Ferree, Rev. William J., Introduction to Social Justice. New York: Paulist Press, 1948.
Ferree, Rev. William J., The Act of Social Justice. Washington, DC: The Catholic University of America Press, 1943.
John Maynard Keynes, The General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money. New York: Harcourt, Brace, Jovanovich, 1965.
Marx, Karl, and Engels, Friedrich, The Communist Manifesto. London: Penguin Books, 1967.
External links
Social justice organizations
Charities based in Washington, D.C.
Organizations with year of establishment missing
King Mswati III International Airport , initially named Sikhuphe International Airport in the planning and construction phase, is an airport in Eswatini. It replaced Matsapha Airport as the only international airport in Eswatini accepting commercial flights in 2014. It is designed to handle 360,000 passengers per year.
Construction
Construction began in 2003 on this $150m project. The Taiwanese government contributed US$22m to the project.
It is part of King Mswati III's $1bn millennium project investment initiative to enhance Eswatini's position as a tourist destination, serving as a tourism gateway to Eswatini's game parks, either domestic or nearby located ones, such as Victoria Falls, Maputo, the Kruger National Park and KwaZulu-Natal game reserves. However, it has been on the drawing board since 1980, and since then Kruger Mpumalanga International Airport has opened and Maputo and Durban airports have been upgraded. There are also environmental concerns since Sikhupe is near Hlane game park, and may put rare species of eagles and vultures at risk.
King Mswati III International Airport was planned to replace Matsapha airport by 2010, with the latter being taken over by the army.
King Mswati III International Airport was inaugurated on 7 March 2014, despite not yet having an IATA license to operate. Service began 30 September 2014.
Facilities
Plans include a 3,600m CAT 1 runway, and capacity for 300,000 passengers per year. It would be able to handle Boeing 747 aircraft, and service flights to any destination in the world.
Airlines and destinations
References
External links
OpenStreetMap - Sikhuphe International Airport
King Mswati-III International Airport website
Airports in Eswatini
A legal conflict among AGB Nielsen Philippines, GMA Network and ABS-CBN in the Philippines for an alleged television ratings breach that occurred in Western Visayan cities of Bacolod and Iloilo, has been ongoing since the last quarter of 2007-2008.
Background
On December 20, 2007, Judge Charito Gonzales, Quezon City Regional Trial Court Br. 80 released a temporary restraining order on TV ratings surveys based on a civil case filed by ABS-CBN versus AGB Nielsen Media Research Philippines. ABS-CBN accused rival GMA Network of funding bribing operations at Bacolod, to discredit the former. The Court further ordered ABS-CBN to file comment on the plea of AGB Nielsen for the alleged gathering and dissemination of television ratings data, within five days or until 22 December.
On December 21, 2007, DZMM correspondent Junrie Hidalgo reported a news story titled AGB Nielsen, umamin sa dayaan: GMA Network, tahasang itinurong nasa likod ng dayaan (AGB Nielsen admits the cheating: GMA Network fiercely accused of being responsible of the cheating) during the program Showbiz Mismo, hosted by Cristy Fermin and Jobert Sucaldito. The news story is based on an interview of AGB Nielsen's General Manager Maya Reforma regarding the alleged cheating.
In response, GMA aired a TV plug condemning the alleged biased reporting and denied the accusations of ABS-CBN. They later filed a PHP15-million civil libel suit against ABS-CBN on 3 January 2008. The respondents included Hidalgo, Fermin, Sucaldito, the station manager and news manager of DZMM and hosts, writers and executive producers of TV programs Bandila, Entertainment Live and The Buzz after the same story was aired on the mentioned programs.
On January 7, 2008, the Quezon City RTC junked ABS-CBN's suit against AGB Nielsen, saying the case was "prematurely filed" before the court. Judge Charito Gonzales's basis is the principle of mutuality of contracts, citing Article 1308 and 1196, New Civil Code of the Philippines. Also, Judge Samuel Gaerlan, QCRTC, Branch 92 issued court summons against ABS-CBN and its 15 personnel, in the P15-million damage suit by GMA Network.
On January 17, 2008, Judge Gaerlan recused himself from the case, considering that he has a cousin working in the legal department of ABS-CBN. The case was later re-raffled on January 28, 2008, and the case was eventually assigned to Judge Henri Inting of Branch 95, QCRTC. Judge Inting submitted GMA's petition for a temporary restraining order for decision.
On February 1, ABS-CBN presented two witnesses, Romie Diamanse and Francis Casumpang, saying RGMA head Mike Enriquez was said to have given the order to cheat in a meeting. Enriquez denied the charges and said that the statements were "shameless, malicious fiction delivered by tainted informers with an axe to grind." Diamanse and Casumpang were former employees of RGMA's 93.5 Campus Radio Iloilo (now Barangay FM 93.5 Iloilo). Casumpang resigned from the station after charges of embezzlement, and now works for ABS-CBN's MOR 91.1 Iloilo. On the other hand, RGMA accepted Diamanse's resignation "because he was regarded as ineffective in his duties." Another witnesses, who never revealed their identities for protection, approached the ABS-CBN stations in Davao, Iloilo and Cebu to testify that the alleged employees of GMA were bribing them to watch their programs. A witness from Davao said that they had watch GMA programs in exchange for grocery items upon discovering that the witness is using an AGB metering panel. At the end of the month, a group of women visits the witness's house to deliver the grocery items such as canned goods. A witness from Iloilo said that they had to watch GMA programs in exchange for receiving half of their electrical expenses. She alleged that the "employees" visit every month to deliver grocery items and present their ID with the logo of GMA. The group also gave some items such as umbrella, plastic cup and towels – all with the GMA logo. The GMA Network denied that they hired the person to visit house-to-house to conduct the alleged rating manipulations.
On February 14, 2008, Judge Inting issued a TRO barring ABS-CBN from airing defamatory statements against GMA.
See also
List of Philippine television ratings for 2008
1972 Martial law under Ferdinand Marcos
Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation
ABS-CBN franchise renewal controversy
References
External links
ABS-CBN
GMA Network
TV5 (Philippine TV network)
2008 in Philippine television
Television controversies
Entertainment scandals
2007 in Philippine television
2008 in Philippine sport
Television controversies in the Philippines
Rubén Rivera Moreno (born November 14, 1973) is a Panamanian former professional baseball player. He played Major League Baseball for five different teams, from to . His cousin, Mariano Rivera, was the former long-time closer for the New York Yankees. With the Yankees, he won the 1996 World Series over the Atlanta Braves.
Career
New York Yankees (1990–1997)
Rivera was signed by the New York Yankees in . He made his professional debut with the Gulf Coast Yankees in 1992 and his major league debut with the Yankees on September 3, 1995. Rivera was highly touted as a prospect, being ranked as high as second overall amongst prospects by Baseball America in 1995, third in 1996, and ninth in 1997.
He played in 46 games for the 1996 New York Yankees. He was added to the postseason roster, and appeared in the 1996 American League Division Series.
San Diego Padres (1997–2000)
On April 22, , he was traded with pitcher Rafael Medina and US $3 million to the San Diego Padres for infielder Homer Bush and minor leaguer Gordon Amerson and two players to be named later, who turned out to be the highly anticipated Japanese pitcher Hideki Irabu and minor leaguer Vernon Maxwell. It was supposed to be a deal to help both teams, but Irabu was a major disappointment for the Yankees, and Rivera turned out to be at least a minor disappointment for the Padres, as he was never able to get on base on a regular basis during his four seasons in the Padres organization, mostly with the parent team (including as a starter in and ), and his considerable power did not sufficiently compensate for that major failing. He was released shortly before the 2001 season.
Cincinnati Reds, Texas Rangers & San Francisco Giants (2001–2006)
The Cincinnati Reds signed Rivera for the 2001 season, but he did not perform any better for the Reds in a reserve role than he did the Padres. They waived him after the season, and the San Francisco Giants picked him up, but released him a month later without his having played a game for them.
Early in , the Yankees signed him as a free agent, but released him during spring training after Rivera stole teammate Derek Jeter's glove and bat, and then sold them to a sports memorabilia dealer, reportedly for $2,500. After this became known, his teammates allegedly voted him off the team, and the Yankees released him. When the incident became public, Rivera apologized but criticized the team after being removed.
He signed a minor league contract with the Texas Rangers on March 31, 2002 and was assigned to the Tulsa Drillers. He performed poorly for them in a reserve role and was released immediately following the season.
In 2003, Rivera re-joined the Giants as a free agent. He was involved in an infamous baserunning gaffe in a 13-inning 4–3 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks at Pacific Bell Park on May 27. Representing the potential winning run as a pinch runner for Andrés Galarraga at first base with a 2–2 score and one out in the ninth, Rivera advanced to second base but reversed course two steps beyond it thinking that the ball hit by Marquis Grissom to deep right-center field was caught by right fielder David Dellucci. Realizing that Dellucci had muffed the ball for an error, he ran past second base, returned to retouch it, headed to third and attempted to score when second baseman Junior Spivey's relay throw bounced off third baseman Alex Cintrón's glove and towards shortstop Tony Womack, who threw out the sliding Rivera at home plate. Rivera's actions were proclaimed by Giants broadcaster Jon Miller as "the worst baserunning in the history of the game." He was released by the Giants on June 3 after batting .180 with two homers and four runs batted in (RBI) in 31 games.
Rivera signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles one month later on July 3, 2003 and played with the Bowie Baysox. The Chicago White Sox signed Rivera to play for the Triple-A Charlotte Knights for , where despite hitting 16 home runs, he batted only .239.
Mexican League (2007–2019)
He played for the Piratas de Campeche from 2007–2012, switched to Delfines de Ciudad del Carmen in 2013. In 2014, he played center field for the Rieleros de Aguascalientes. In 2015, Rivera played for both the Diablos Rojos del México and the Olmecas de Tabasco. In 2016, he started the season with the Olmecas de Tabasco before he was traded to the Pericos de Puebla, who ended up winning the League Championship. In 2017, he was traded to the Acereros de Monclova. Rivera announced his retirement following the 2019 season with Monclova, winning a championship in his last season as an active player.
World Baseball Classic (2006, 2009)
Rivera played in both the 2006 and 2009 World Baseball Classic for Panama's national team. He is a combined 3 for 16 with 1 home run and 5 strikeouts in both tournaments.
Coaching career
Rivera served as hitting coach for the Olmecas de Tabasco of the Mexican League for the 2021 season.
References
External links
, or Retrosheet, or The Baseball Gauge, or EspnDeportes.com, or Venezuela Winter League
1973 births
Living people
Acereros de Monclova players
Águilas de Mexicali players
Bowie Baysox players
Charlotte Knights players
Cincinnati Reds players
Columbus Clippers players
Diablos Rojos del México players
Delfines de Ciudad del Carmen players
Greensboro Bats players
Gulf Coast Yankees players
Las Vegas Stars (baseball) players
Leones del Caracas players
Panamanian expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Major League Baseball outfielders
Major League Baseball players from Panama
Mexican League baseball outfielders
New York Yankees players
Norwich Navigators players
Oklahoma RedHawks players
Olmecas de Tabasco players
Oneonta Yankees players
Ottawa Lynx players
Panamanian expatriate baseball players in Canada
Panamanian expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Panamanian expatriate baseball players in the United States
Pericos de Puebla players
People from La Chorrera District
Piratas de Campeche players
Rancho Cucamonga Quakes players
Rieleros de Aguascalientes players
San Diego Padres players
San Francisco Giants players
Tampa Yankees players
Texas Rangers players
Tomateros de Culiacán players
Tulsa Drillers players
Venados de Mazatlán players
2006 World Baseball Classic players
2009 World Baseball Classic players
Stepps, Chryston and Muirhead is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. It currently elects three councillors and, as its name suggests, covers the settlements of Stepps, Chryston and Muirhead (as well as Auchinloch) with a combined population of 12,290 in 2019.
It was created in 2007 as Strathkelvin, covering a larger territory also including Gartcosh and Moodiesburn (the eastern boundary being the M73 motorway) and returning four councillors. A nationwide boundary review in 2017 that recommended more representation for the area overall led to these communities being placed in a separate new ward (along with Glenboig from the Coatbridge North ward), with the remainder of the Strathkelvin ward renamed and returning one fewer councillor. A specific review in 2019 caused the addition of a few streets of modern housing at Cardowan which had been in the North East ward of the Glasgow City Council area, re-allocating them to North Lanarkshire along with the rest of the developments in that area, addressing an anomaly dating back to when the boundary crossed open fields.
Councillors
Election Results
2017 Election
On 22 May 2018, Conservative councillor Stephen Goldsack was expelled from the party after previous connections to the British National Party were exposed.
2012 Election
SNP councillor Frances McGlinchey resigned from the party on 24 October 2012 in protest at the vote to overturn its long-standing opposition to Nato.
2007 Election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Warbeck is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
David Warbeck (1941–1997), New Zealand actor
Perkin Warbeck (c. 1474–1499), pretender to the English throne during the reign of King Henry VII
Perkin Warbeck (play), 17th-century history play by John Ford
The Fortunes of Perkin Warbeck, 1830 historical novel by Mary Shelley
Stephen Warbeck (born 1953), English composer
St. John Cantius Parish is a former Roman Catholic Parish designated for Polish immigrants in Northampton, Massachusetts, United States.
It was founded 1904. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
The parish merged with the Sacred Heart Parish in April 2010.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
Further reading
External links
St. John Cantius - Diocesan information (archived)
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Park Place was a proposed shopping centre which had been expected to open in Croydon, London by 2011. The date was continuously pushed back due to a number of problems between different developers, financial backers and the local council. It was cancelled in 2009, as other schemes began progress, such as the extension to Centrale and the possible takeover of the Whitgift Centre by Westfield Group. Park Place was part of the Croydon Vision 2020 re-generation scheme.
Park Place has been proposed by developers Minerva plc and was given planning approval in 2000 by Croydon Council after which the Government Office for London decided not to proceed with a call-in in 2003, despite concerns over traffic and the impact upon existing retail. This decision, ultimately by Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott, caused controversy in 2006 amidst the Cash for Peerages political scandal, when it emerged that two of Minerva's previous and current chairmen, Sir David Garrard and Andrew Rosenfeld, had made major loans to the Labour Party three months before the decision not to call in the planning application. Prescott denied any wrongdoing.
In May 2009, Croydon Council announced that it would be ending the development agreement with Minerva following a realisation that they would not be able to secure funding after Lend Lease pulled out of the project.
Plans
Minerva planned to build a shopping centre, office accommodation and bus station on the site of the Allders department store and St George's Walk. The scheduled commencement date for Park Place was originally Autumn 2006. Gap, John Lewis, Habitat and Borders expressed their desire to have a store in the centre, with an Apple Store another potential buyer of a unit. It was intended that the centre when completed would be , with the development adjoining and integrating with the existing Whitgift Centre at its northern end and extend south to Katherine Street. The overall site would have taken in part of Park Street and cross the western end of George Street via a bridge and tunnel with the existing Grade II listed frontages in George Street, as well as the North End facade of Allders to be retained.
A compulsory purchase order by Croydon Council is in the process of being enacted to enable the whole site to come under the ownership of Minerva. A major new department store will be located to the south of the new site; originally this was to be a new Allders store, then owned by Minerva, but John Lewis was then lined up to anchor the site. On 5 May 2006 John Lewis announced that no development scheme in Croydon met their requirements and that they were not in negotiations with Minerva. This has boosted the chances of the newco 'Allders (Croydon) Ltd' being able to secure anchor status in the new development if it is pursued.
Nestlé, whose UK headquarters in the Nestlé Tower form part of the site, plan to take part of the office accommodation.
The development will create a new 'piazza' on Croydon High Street.
There are proposals to alter Queen's Gardens with updated planting, an ice rink, a performance space and an entrance into Park Place.
Viability
The overall viability of the Minerva plans (1.08 million sq.ft. shopping centre) was thrown into doubt following the building of the 1.615 million sq.ft. Westfield London shopping centre development in west London (White City) which opened in October 2008 and the existing shopping development at Bluewater to the south-east of London.
On completion of the centre, Croydon will have approximately . of space in its three shopping centres.
On 19 March Minerva announced that their deal with Lend Lease had collapsed. Lend Lease were responsible for negotiations with John Lewis.
In May 2008, Croydon Council announced that they did not expect works to start until late 2009, a further delay of some 18 months. A revised planning application was not expected to be tabled until late 2008. Minerva meanwhile was facing speculation of a takeover bid by the Dubai-based Limitless.
References
External links
Minerva plc description of Park Place
Park Place information from Croydon Council
Park Place peerages row in the Croydon Guardian
Shopping centres in the London Borough of Croydon
Croydon 2020
Proposed buildings and structures in London
Grand Boulevard is a thoroughfare in Detroit, running east to west in some places and north to south in other places and is approximately 11 miles in length. It once constituted the city limits of Detroit. Grand Boulevard is named the "Berry Gordy Jr. Boulevard" in the area where the Motown Historical Museum is located and the "General Motors Boulevard" in the area of Detroit's "New Center" where the Fisher Building and Cadillac Place (formerly the General Motors Building) are located. Grand Boulevard is commonly referred to by residents of the city simply as "the Boulevard".
History
As early as 1876, Bela Hubbard and other Detroiters were cognizant of the efforts of Baron Georges-Eugène Haussmann to make Paris into a beautiful city by designing parks, broad streets, and grand boulevards.
These citizens proposed adopting Haussmann's concepts by surrounding Detroit with its own "Grand Boulevard." When Belle Isle was transferred from the state to the city of Detroit, Michigan legislator James Randall included a rider calling for the construction of this Grand Boulevard. However, the city government refused to begin work on the road right away, although a few people built homes along the Boulevard's proposed route.
Finally, in 1891, Detroit mayor Hazen S. Pingree supported the idea and broke ground on the construction of Grand Boulevard, a ring road that wrapped around the city of Detroit. The Boulevard ran for , curving from the Detroit River on the west and returning to that river on the east, crossing Woodward Avenue at a point approximately north of the downtown area. The Boulevard was originally thought to represent the absolute limit of the city's expansion, although tremendous growth at the beginning of the 20th century quickly pushed the city limits far beyond Grand Boulevard to its north, its east, and its west.
By 1913, Grand Boulevard was completed, encircling the central most and oldest portion of the city. It was generally recognized as a major attraction of the city; the entire length was decorated with trees, shrubbery, and flowerbeds.
By the early 1980s, to accommodate construction of a new General Motors plant, portions of East Grand Boulevard were reconfigured. This was part of a controversial use of eminent domain by the City of Detroit which allowed for demolition of a substantial portion of the nearby Poletown neighborhood in order to make way for the plant. The controversy sparked opposition within the neighborhood. The Michigan Supreme Court, in the 1981 case of Poletown Neighborhood Council v. City of Detroit, settled the matter by ruling that the project did constitute a legitimate use of eminent domain authority and that the evictions could proceed.
Many years ago, the streetcar route which traveled along much of Grand Boulevard, as well as on neighboring streets parallel to Grand Boulevard, was formally called the "Grand Belt" line because of Grand Boulevard's belt-like configuration around the most central part of Detroit. The subsequent bus route which likewise traveled on some, but not all, of Grand Boulevard retained the "Grand Belt" name until a service cut in 2009 eliminated that public transit coverage entirely.
Landmarks
See also
Outer Drive
References
Streets in Michigan
Transportation in Detroit
The Upper Midwest Emmy Awards are a division of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. The Minnesota division was founded in 1973. In addition to granting the Upper Midwest Emmy Awards, this division awards scholarships, honors industry veterans at the Silver Circle Celebration, conducts National Student Television Awards of Excellence, has a free research and a nationwide job bank. The chapter also participates in judging Emmy entries at the regional and national levels.
Boundaries
The academy is divided into the following boundaries and encompasses the states of Minnesota, Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, parts of Nebraska and Wisconsin. These boundaries are responsible for the submission of television broadcast materials presented for awards considerations.
Board of directors
The Board of Governors is a working board which work together collaboratively to ensure the best interests of the membership.
Carol Rueppel, President
KMSP/WFTC, Eden Prairie
Jason DeRusha, Vice President
WCCO, Minneapolis
Shari Lamke, Treasurer
tpt/KTCA, St. Paul
Ken Stone, Secretary
University of Minnesota, Woodbury
Bridget Breen, Regional Vice President
KTIV, Sioux City
Charley Johnson, Regional Vice President
KVLY/KXJB, Fargo
Dave Busiek, Regional Vice President
KCCI, Des Moines
Beth Jensen, Regional Vice President
KELO, Sioux Falls
Noel Sederstrom, Regional Vice President
KTTC, Rochester
Julie Anderson
KARE, Minneapolis
Claire Auckinthaler
Minneapolis
Karen Boros
University of St. Thomas, Minneapolis
Shawn Braith
KSTP/KSTC, Minneapolis
Harold Crump
HBI, St. Paul
Dennis Grant
KMSP, Eden Prairie
Joe Johnston
KSTC, Minneapolis
Jennifer Kasel
WCCO, Minneapolis
Susan Loyd
WCCO, Minneapolis
Joseph Maar
FSN, Minneapolis
Whitney Mares
Padilla Speer Beardsley, Minneapolis
Trish Mielke
KMSP/WFTC, Eden Prairie
JJ Murray
Eden Prairie
Justin Piehowski
IB Systems, St. Paul
Barbara Reyelts
KBJR, Duluth
Kiki Rosatti
WCCO, Minneapolis
Jim Schiffman
Lakeville Government Television, Lakeville Government-access television (GATV)
Tim Scully
University of St. Thomas, St. Paul
Jean Zimmerman
Wayzata High School, Plymouth
Emmy award winners
Emmy award winners are individuals who show excellence in the field of television. The Emmys are held to the same esteem as the Oscar Awards are to motion pictures or the Grammy Awards are to the music industry.
External links
Upper Midwest Regional Emmy Awards Archives — list of award nominees and recipients since 2000
National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Upper Midwest Chapter: An Inventory of Its Regional Emmy Award Winners at the Minnesota Historical Society — archives of award nominees and recipients since 2000, when the chapter started to present awards
References
Regional Emmy Awards
Awards established in 1973
1973 establishments in Minnesota
Television in Minnesota
Martin Wagner (1885–1957) was a German architect, city planner, and author, best known as the driving force behind the construction of modernist housing projects in interwar Berlin.
Germany
Tall, angular, loyally Socialist, and uncompromising in his opinions, Wagner was educated at the Technical University of Berlin and worked as draftsman in the office of planner Hermann Muthesius, before being appointed the City Building Commissioner for Schöneberg in 1918 (now an inner-city area of Berlin).
He served as the chief city planner of Berlin from 1925, and most of Berlin's Modernist Housing Estates, now recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, were constructed under his leadership. In 1924 he founded the building society , which was responsible for seventy percent of Berlin's housing built from 1924 through 1933, amounting to many thousands of residential units.
Wagner was more planner than design-architect, and few individual building designs are directly attributable to him. His role was parallel to Ernst May's role in Frankfurt-am-Main: the leader of a large-scale effort to standardize building requirements, rationalize construction practice, organize industrial suppliers and labor unions, all in the effort to mass-produce housing.
In his German projects Wagner was a frequent collaborator with German landscape architect Leberecht Migge.
As the Nazis came to power through the early 1930s, Wagner fell under increasing pressure and suspicion as a committed Social Democrat and longtime member of the SPD. He was expelled from the Deutscher Werkbund in 1933 and decided to leave the country. He spent three years in Turkey in exile. His work there included the city plan for Ankara, and a brief reunion with colleague Bruno Taut.
United States
In 1938 Wagner took a position teaching city planning at the Harvard Graduate School of Design, his immigration to the United States assisted by his colleague Walter Gropius. Among Wagner's students at the GSD were William Wurster and Catherine Bauer.
But already by 1940, his relationship with Gropius was strained. Wagner complained of Gropius abandoning the underlying social principles of modernism, and practicing modernism only as a style. On the other hand, Wagner's purism may not have been serving him well: in 1944 he produced a new city plan for Boston which called for a complete razing and restructuring of the city's entire downtown area.
Wagner took American citizenship in 1944; he served as professor at the GSD until retirement in 1951. Wagner's son Bernard Wagner was also an architect.
See also
Großsiedlung Siemensstadt
Britz
Strandbad Wannsee
External links
(in German)
Houser, by H. Peter Oberlander, Eva Newbrun, Martin Meyerson
1885 births
1957 deaths
19th-century German architects
Housing in Germany
German emigrants to the United States
Harvard Graduate School of Design faculty
20th-century German architects
The Philippines national beach handball team is the national team of the Philippines. It takes part in international beach handball competitions and is governed by the Philippine Handball Federation.
Nicknamed the "Amigos", the men's national team was formed shortly prior to the 2017 Southeast Asian Beach Handball Championship which was hosted at home in Dumaguete. The team finished third overall but secure a win against eventual champions Vietnam. The team was coached by Joanna Franquelli.
Franqueilli later led the squad at the 2018 International Beach Handball Grand Prix in Shandong, China where the national team reached at least the semifinal and the 2019 Asian Beach Handball Championship where the national team finished 8th place out of 12 teams in their competition debut.
They won a bronze medal at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games and a silver medal at the 2021 Southeast Asian Games.
Results
Asian Beach Handball Championship
Champions Runners-up Third place Fourth place
Asian Beach Games
Champions Runners-up Third place Fourth place
Southeast Asian Games
Champions Runners-up Third place Fourth place
Southeast Asian Beach Handball Championship
Champions Runners-up Third place Fourth place
Coach
Joanna Franquelli (2017–)
References
National beach handball teams
Beach handball
2017 establishments in the Philippines
Stage Struck is a 1917 silent film drama directed by Edward Morrissey and starring Dorothy Gish. It was produced by Fine Arts Films and distributed through Triangle Film Corporation.
A copy survives in the Library of Congress collection and Cinemateca Brasileira, São Paulo Brazil .
Cast
Dorothy Gish - Ruth Colby
Frank Bennett - Jack Martin
Kate Toncray - Mrs Martin
Jennie Lee - Mrs Teedles
Spottiswoode Aitken - The Judge
Fred Warren - Jack Schneider
Marzie Radford - The Slavey
uncredited
Carmel Myers - Bit
Madame Sul-Te-Wan -
References
External links
Stage Struck at IMDb.com
1917 films
American silent feature films
Triangle Film Corporation films
American black-and-white films
Silent American drama films
1917 drama films
1910s American films
Mal, Verve, Black & Blue is a live album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1994 and released on the German Tutu label.
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron except as indicated
"Judy Full Grown" — 12:28
"Transylvanian Dance" — 16:57
"Here Comes Mikey" — 11:39
"Soul Eyes" — 10:50
"I See You Now" — 13:50
"The Last Go Pepper Blues" — 9:06
"No Title" — 0:17
Recorded at the Theatre Satiricon in Essen, Germany on October 11, 1994
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Nicolas Simion — tenor saxophone
Ed Schuller — bass
Victor Jones — drums
References
1994 live albums
Mal Waldron albums
Regent Street is a street in London, England.
Regent Street may also refer to:
Regent Street, Cambridge, England
Regent Street, Nottingham, England
Regent Street (Wellington, Telford)
Regent Street, (Georgetown, Guyana)
Regent Street (Fredericton, New Brunswick)
Regent Street (North Sydney, Nova Scotia)
Regent Street (Richmond Hill, Ontario)
Regent Street (Sudbury, Ontario)
Regent Street (Port Chester, New York)
Regent Street (Schenectady, New York)
Regent Street (Madison, Wisconsin)
Regent Street (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania)
Regent Street, Singapore
Elizabeth Anne Mould de Sodington Blount, Lady de Sodington Blount born Elizabeth Anne Mould Williams lastly Elizabeth Anne Mould Morgan (7 May 1850 – 2 January 1935) was an English pamphlet writer and social activist. She led a society who believed in a flat earth. She conducted experiments that sought to prove this.
Life
Blount was born in Lambeth in 1850. Her parents were Elizabeth Ann (born Mould) and James Zacharias Williams, who was a keen supporter of London clubs. She was tutored at home. She developed wide interests in art, science, social responsibility, and London's society and intelligentsia.
She married Sir Walter de Sodington Blount, 9th Baronet, and they raised a family at the family seat of Mawley Hall. She would spend time there and at their house in London where she was a fellow of the Royal Society of Literature and the Society of Antiquaries.
After Samuel Rowbotham's death in 1884, Blount became the President of the Universal Zetetic Society, whose objective was "the propagation of knowledge related to Natural Cosmogony in confirmation of the Holy Scriptures, based on practical scientific investigation". Blount's title and money was said to have attracted an archbishop, several colonels, a Major-General to the membership. The society published a magazine, The Earth Not a Globe Review, and remained active well into the early 20th century. A flat Earth journal, Earth: a Monthly Magazine of Sense and Science, was published between 1901 and 1904, edited by Lady Blount.
In 1898 she published a novel titled Adrian Galilio, or a songwriter's Story. The Flat Earth Society says that it concerns "an aristocrat who escapes her unhappy marriage and reinvents herself as a world-famous Flat Earth proponent who 'tours Europe giving elaborate lectures on cosmology, the creation, true love and hell'".
Blount and her husband wanted to provide evidence of the earth's flat surface and they created experiments on the Old Bedford Level Canal over several weeks.
On 11 May 1904, Lady Elizabeth Anne Blount hired a photographer to use a telephoto-lens camera to take a picture from Welney of a large white sheet, which she had placed the bottom edge near the surface of the river at Rowbotham's original position away. The photographer, Edgar Clifton from Dallmeyer's studio, mounted his camera above the water at Welney and was surprised to be able to obtain a picture of the target, which he believed should have been invisible to him, given the low mounting point of the camera. Lady Blount published the pictures far and wide. Blount's letter did not discuss the effects of atmospheric refraction but the photographer noted a mirage which he described as "an aqueous shimmering vapour [appearing] to float unevenly on the surface of the canal".
These controversies became a regular feature in the English Mechanic magazine in 1904–05, which published Blount's photo and reported two experiments in 1905 that showed the opposite results. One of these, by Clement Stratton on the Ashby Canal, showed a dip on a sight-line only above the surface.
When she was 73, on 28 August 1923, she married again to a builder and evangelist named Stephen Morgan who was forty years younger than her. She was a member of the "Society for the Protection of the Dark Races" and she gave that her active support.
Blount died in Hayling Island.
See also
Figure of the Earth
Geodesy
Hollow Earth
Mark Sargent
Modern flat Earth beliefs
Samuel Rowbotham
Samuel Shenton
(documenting why the flat Earth belief is mistaken)
Wilbur Glenn Voliva
References
Flat Earth proponents
People from Lambeth
English activists
1850 births
1935 deaths
Wives of baronets
Nevada's at-large congressional district was created when Nevada was granted statehood in 1864, encompassing the entire state. It existed until 1983, when it eliminated as a result of the redistricting cycle after the 1980 Census and subsequent reapportionment in which Nevada was awarded a second seat in the House of Representatives. Nevada began electing two representatives from separate districts commencing with the election of 1982 and the 98th Congress.
List of members representing the district
Notes
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
At-large
Former congressional districts of the United States
At-large United States congressional districts
Constituencies established in 1864
1864 establishments in Nevada
Constituencies disestablished in 1983
1983 disestablishments in Nevada
Shanif Hiran Mansoor (born 5 May 1967) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Kwimba constituency since 2010.
References
1967 births
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
Lake Secondary School alumni
Tanzanian politicians of Indian descent
Salomé Stampfli (born 9 June 2005) is a Liechtensteiner footballer who plays as a midfielder in the youth team of St. Gallen-Staad and for the Liechtenstein national football team.
International career
Stampfli made her senior debut for Liechtenstein in a friendly against Gibraltar on 26 November 2021.
Career statistics
International
International goals
References
External links
Salomé Stampfli at the Liechtenstein Football Association
2005 births
Living people
Women's association football midfielders
Liechtenstein women's international footballers
Liechtenstein women's footballers
Aroneanu is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania, part of the Iași metropolitan area. It is composed of four villages: Aroneanu, Dorobanț, Rediu Aldei and Șorogari.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Bellefields is a manor house located in Croom, Prince George's County, Maryland. It was constructed about 1720. It is a brick structure in Flemish bond with random glazed headers, and two stories over a high basement. The structure is rectangular, with gabled roof sections, paired interior end chimneys, a front center entrance, wide raised belt course above the first floor, flat arched openings, and flanking symmetrical single-story wings. It is in the Georgian style. It was the home of Patrick Sim, Scottish immigrant and of his son, Col. Joseph Sim, Maryland patriot.
History
Later, sometime after 1849, William Duckett Bowie lived there with his second wife.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
On August 31, 2021, three of the farm's 39 zebras escaped from the farm and began wandering around the woods of Upper Marlboro. In September, one of the zebras died in an illegal snare trap. In October, the Maryland Department of the Environment and the Prince George's County Animal Services announced a plan to use two zebras from the herd at Bellefields to lure and corral the zebras back to the farm. Three animal cruelty charges were filed against the farm's owner on October 20. On December 15, the two remaining zebras were captured and returned to the farm.
Notable people
William Williams (c. 1793–1814), born Frederick Hall on the Bellefields Plantation and as an escaped slave enlisted in 38th U.S. Infantry Regiment, U.S. Army dying from his wounds after the British bombardment of Fort McHenry in the War of 1812.
References
External links
, including photo in 1974, at Maryland Historical Trust website
Houses completed in 1720
Historic American Buildings Survey in Maryland
Houses in Prince George's County, Maryland
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Georgian architecture in Maryland
Scottish-American culture in Maryland
Bowie family
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
1720 establishments in the Thirteen Colonies
The Honda VTR250 is a 90° V-twin motorcycle produced by Honda that has had one major revision. The original VTR250 was a faired sport bike sold only in the United States and Canada from 1988 to 1990. The next VTR250 model is a naked bike, produced from 1997 to 2018, available only in the Asia-Pacific region, and for 2009, Europe.
1988–1990
The Honda Interceptor VTR250 was sold only in the United States from 1988 to 1990, with moderate changes occurring over the three model years. With a four-stroke liquid-cooled DOHC V-twin engine and a six-speed transmission, VTR250 was the smallest of Honda's Interceptor line of motorcycles.
The 1990 model had a 17-inch front wheel and the front disc brakes were external.
1997–2018
Introduced in 1997, the newer VTR250 has been compared to the Ducati Monster in appearance, with a trellis frame, V-twin engine, and initially a similar instrument layout, with no tachometer. The transmission was changed from six-speeds to five. The 2009 model VTR250 saw the first major design changes since the instrument panel update in 2003, which added a tachometer. With a redesigned rear end and midsection, the 2009 model also has electronic fuel injection.
The VTR250 is widely sold in the Asia Pacific region but not in the US. While currently difficult to obtain in European countries, the 2009 model VTR250 will be imported to Europe. It was officially imported into Australia between 1998 and 2007, with the 2009 model being reintroduced mid-2009.
Specifications
All specifications are manufacturer claimed as per specific model owners manuals and workshop service manuals, except as stated.
References
VTR250
Standard motorcycles
Sport bikes
Motorcycles introduced in 1988
Acanthonotus is an extinct genus of bony fish. It contains three species, A. inflatus, A. niger, and A. tricuspis.
References
Zipcodezoo.com
Sparidae
Remember Pearl Harbor was a slogan or saying popular in the United States after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. Commander Lewis Preston Harris first coined the phrase "Remember Pearl Harbor".
It was also the name of a song by artist Sammy Kaye, sometimes cited as "Let's Remember Pearl Harbor," recorded ten days after the outbreak of the war.
Another song of the same title was written by Frank Luther and performed by Carson J. Robison and his orchestra.
See also
Remember Pearl Harbor (motion picture)
References
External links
Use of the song during a patriotic rally at a Garrett, Indiana, high school in January 1942, with lyrics. Garrett Clipper via Newspapers.com
Attack on Pearl Harbor
Slogans
United States home front during World War II
United States in World War II
1940s neologisms
Robert Catlin (born 22 June 1965) is an English-born Australian former professional football (soccer) player who played in the Football League for Notts County and Birmingham City and played more than 300 games in the Australian National Soccer League. He played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Catlin was born in Wembley, London and raised in Australia. He began his football career in Australian domestic football, playing for APIA-Leichhardt and 140 games and scoring one goal in the National Soccer League (NSL) for Marconi Fairfield before deciding to try his luck in England. Catlin and compatriot Shaun Murphy joined Notts County in August 1992 for a total fee of £137,000. Catlin conceded eight goals in his first three appearances for the club. In March 1993 he joined Birmingham City on loan, but after his first game it transpired that the club had mistakenly signed him instead of the Notts County youth goalkeeper they had watched. In November 1993, Notts County were fined £20,000 for irregularities in the transfer of Catlin and Murphy, relating to payments made to a third party other than the players' clubs.
In 1994 Catlin returned to Australia where he played out a long career with numerous clubs. He holds the record for appearances by a goalkeeper in Australia's national competitions. In December 2000, he became the first NSL keeper to record 100 clean sheets when Newcastle United held league leader South Melbourne to a 0–0 draw in his 325th national league match, going on to set a record of 105 clean sheets which in 2003 was beaten by Jason Petkovic.
He represented Australia at schoolboy international level in 1981, but never played a full international for his adopted country, though he was chosen for two representative matches against visiting European club sides, Torpedo Moscow in 1990 and Vitesse Arnhem in 1993.
References
1965 births
Living people
Footballers from Wembley
Australian soccer players
Association football goalkeepers
APIA Leichhardt FC players
Marconi Stallions FC players
Notts County F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Sydney Olympic FC players
National Soccer League (Australia) players
English Football League players
Newcastle Breakers FC players
Research in Nursing & Health is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering a wide range of research that will inform the practice of nursing and other health disciplines. It is published by Wiley.
History
The journal was established in 1978, with Cathy Somer as its founding editor-in-chief. Its current editor-in-chief is Eileen Lake (University of Pennsylvania).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
CINAHL
Current ContentsSocial & Behavioral Sciences
EBSCO databases
MEDLINE/PubMed
PASCAL
ProQuest databases
PsycINFO
Science Citation Index Expanded
Scopus
Social Sciences Citation Index
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 1.762.
References
External links
General nursing journals
Sadaf Malaterre (born April 3, 1969) is a Pakistani fashion designer who has been running her eponymous label in Karachi, Pakistan since 2005.
Career
She went to Saint Joseph College, Karachi. In the early part of her career Sadaf Malaterre modeled for brands and fashion magazines in Pakistan. The designer is known for her bright colors and innovative techniques. Sadaf Malaterre is also known for using local embroidery techniques to create modern textures.
In 2011, Sadaf Malaterre appointed a marketing consultancy in Pakistan to look after her business affairs and communication.
Accreditation
The designer is registered with the Pakistan Fashion Design Council and has shown her collections at all PFDC Sunsilk Fashion Week since 2009. The designer also showed two collections with the now defunct Fashion Pakistan Week.
References
Pakistani fashion designers
People from Karachi
Pakistani people of French descent
Living people
1975 births
Peter Kittilsby Schoening (July 30, 1927 – September 22, 2004) was an American mountaineer. Schoening and Andrew Kauffman was two Americans to first successfully climb the Pakistani peak Gasherbrum I in 1958, and was one of the first to summit Mount Vinson in Antarctica in 1966.
Schoening is perhaps best remembered for his heroics during "The Belay" while part of the American K2 expedition in 1953, where he single-handedly averted the loss of the entire expedition.
Biography
Early years
Schoening was born July 30, 1927, in Seattle, Washington to John and Gudrun Schoening, and grew up in Seattle. He dropped out of school to serve in the US Navy in the last year of the World War II. Later, he earned a degree in chemical engineering at the University of Washington, where he became involved in mountain climbing.
The Belay
In August 1953, the same year that Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay climbed Everest, an American team of seven set out to climb K2 led by Charles Houston. On the seventh day, climbing without oxygen in a storm, they became trapped at over 25,000 feet (7,620 meters) on the Abruzzi Ridge of K2. One of the expedition members, Art Gilkey, collapsed with deep venous thrombosis, followed by pulmonary embolism. Realizing Gilkey would surely die if not taken off the mountain immediately, they began to lower Gilkey, wrapped in a sleeping bag, over treacherous rock and ice in the middle of the storm.
While attempting to traverse an ice sheet, climber George Irving Bell lost his footing, pulling Tony Streather loose. Streather fell into the rope joining Charles Houston and Bob Bates. Bates and Houston fell into the rope connecting Dee Molenaar to Gilkey. Schoening, despite already holding Gilkey on belay during the attempted traverse to Camp VII, was able, through strength, quickness, and skill, to arrest the fall of all six men, with his ice axe wedged against a boulder frozen in the mountainside. Schoening considered himself merely lucky, but his companions felt otherwise.
During the team's scramble to recover from the fall and establish a forced bivouac, they discovered that Gilkey, who had been in voice contact with them, suspended still in the protective sleeping bag from a line secured on either side of the ice axe, had vanished in a slide along with the supporting anchors. Houston, among others, has speculated that, following Bell's fall, Gilkey cut himself loose to save the lives of his five colleagues, who were variously injured and at risk for their own safety.
The story of the expedition is told in the book K2 — The Savage Mountain by Charles Houston, M.D. and Robert Bates. Today, The Belay is considered to be one of the most famous events in mountaineering history. Schoening's ice axe is currently on display at the Bradford Washburn American Mountaineering Museum in Golden, Colorado.
Schoening's actions clearly saved the lives of five of his climbing partners. He was awarded the David A. Sowles Memorial Award for his heroics by the American Alpine Club in 1981 as a "mountaineer who has distinguished himself, with unselfish devotion at personal risk or sacrifice of a major objective, in going to the assistance of fellow climbers imperiled in the mountains."
Later years
In 1996 at age 68, he went to Everest together with his nephew, Klev Schoening. He stopped his ascent well short of the summit, at Camp Three, after being diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat. The disastrous events of that week are recounted in several books, including Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer and The Climb by Anatoli Boukreev. In 2004, he died of bone cancer at his home in Kenmore, Washington at the age of 77.
Legacy
Fifty-three years later, in 2006, the descendants of the men on the belay got together, calling themselves “The Children of ‘The Belay'”. Attending were 28 children and grandchildren who would have never been born if it were not for Pete Schoening and his ice axe high on K2.
Schoening Peak in the Vinson Massif, Antarctica is named after Pete Schoening. Putrid Pete's Peak (P3), a prominence along the north rim of Snoqualmie Pass in Washington was also named after him.
References
Further reading
1927 births
2004 deaths
American mountain climbers
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Deaths from cancer in Washington (state)
Sportspeople from Olympia, Washington
University of Washington College of Education alumni
Mountain climbers from Seattle
People from Kenmore, Washington
The Washington to Atlanta Main Line is a railroad line owned and operated by the Norfolk Southern Railway that runs through the southeastern United States.
It runs from a junction with CSX Transportation's RF&P Subdivision in Alexandria, Virginia southwesterly via Charlottesville, Virginia, Lynchburg, Virginia, Danville, Virginia, Greensboro, North Carolina, Charlotte, North Carolina, Spartanburg, South Carolina, and Greenville, South Carolina to Atlanta, Georgia. The portion from Greensboro to Charlotte is actually owned by the North Carolina Railroad, but NS has an exclusive trackage rights agreement to use the line.
The line was once the main line of the Southern Railway.
The line is also used by Amtrak's Crescent (New York-New Orleans), as well as the Carolinian (New York-Charlotte) and Piedmont (Raleigh-Charlotte).
See also
List of Norfolk Southern Railway lines
References
Washington to Atlanta
Rail infrastructure in Virginia
Rail infrastructure in North Carolina
Rail infrastructure in South Carolina
Rail infrastructure in Georgia (U.S. state)
The Road to Romance is a 1927 American silent action film directed by John S. Robertson, based upon the 1903 Joseph Conrad-Ford Madox Ford novel Romance. A copy of the film survives at the New Zealand Film Archive.
Plot
Serafina (Marceline Day) is captured by Don Balthasar (Roy D'Arcy)'s pirates on a Caribbean island, when José Armando (Ramon Novarro) arrives from Spain to the rescue.
Cast
Ramon Novarro as José Armando
Marceline Day as Serafina
Marc McDermott as Pópolo
Roy D'Arcy as Don Balthasar
Cesare Gravina as Castro
Jules Cowles as Smoky Beard
John George
Bobbie Mack as Drunkard (credited as Bobby Mack)
Otto Matieson as Don Carlos (credited as Otto Matiesen)
References
External links
Stills of Ramon Novarro and Marc McDermott at gettyimages.com
1927 films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1927 romantic drama films
Films based on British novels
Films based on works by Joseph Conrad
Ford Madox Ford
American romantic drama films
American action films
1920s action films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Woodhouse Park tram stop was a proposed Metrolink tram stop on the phase 3b plans to Manchester Airport. It was due to open in 2016 but was dropped from plans. The tram stop would have served the Woodhouse Park area of Wythenshawe in Greater Manchester.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20110716213530/http://www.tfgm.com/pdfmaps/metrolink_phase3.pdf
Proposed Manchester Metrolink tram stops
Confessions of A Silencer (Iʿtirafātu Katimul Ṣawti) is the 1992 novel by the Jordanian writer Mu'nis Ar-Razzaz, and it was selected among the 100 best Arabic novels.
The Literary Character
In Confessions of A Silencer (Iʿtirafātu Katimul Ṣawti), Ar-Razzaz intentionally creates disorganized dialogues, a common technique in modernist fiction. For example, when the father in the novel speaks, he speaks to himself, so do the mother and young daughter under house arrest, which triggers silence and isolation among the characters.
Summary
The first part of the novel is titled Madarul Ṣada (The Echo Orbit), as echo replaces noise in the absence of dialogue. Then, the climax point is triggered by the daughter as she describes the isolation and silence despite her being among her family under house arrest. The family does not communicate with the outside world unless the son calls once a week. This inconsistent touch with the outside world prefaces the novel's transition from talking about the characters under house arrest to talking about Yousef/The Silencer's confessions.
The father had a high position in the authority that arrested him. In these dialogues, the life threads of these characters become clear as well as the history of the revolutionary father, who brought his party to the authority, who disagreed with him and arrested him. In addition to the mother's history, who fell in love with the father after admiring him and his political ideas.
References
Arabic literature
Arab writers
Jordanian literature
Jordanian writers
1992 novels
RTV Doboj or РТВ Добој is a local Bosnian public cable television channel based in city of Doboj. Program is mainly produced in Serbian.
Radio Doboj is also part of public municipality services.
References
External links
Official website of RTV Doboj
Website of CRA BiH
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
In celestial mechanics and the mathematics of the -body problem, a central configuration is a system of point masses with the property that each mass is pulled by the combined gravitational force of the system directly towards the center of mass, with acceleration proportional to its distance from the center. Central configurations may be studied in Euclidean spaces of any dimension, although only dimensions one, two, and three are directly relevant for celestial mechanics.
Examples
For equal masses, one possible central configuration places the masses at the vertices of a regular polygon (forming a Klemperer rosette), a Platonic solid, or a regular polytope in higher dimensions. The centrality of the configuration follows from its symmetry. It is also possible to place an additional point, of arbitrary mass, at the center of mass of the system without changing its centrality.
Placing three masses in an equilateral triangle, four at the vertices of a regular tetrahedron, or more generally masses at the vertices of a regular simplex produces a central configuration even when the masses are not equal. This is the only central configuration for these masses that does not lie in a lower-dimensional subspace.
Dynamics
Under Newton's law of universal gravitation, bodies placed at rest in a central configuration will maintain the configuration as they collapse to a collision at their center of mass. Systems of bodies in a two-dimensional central configuration can orbit stably around their center of mass, maintaining their relative positions, with circular orbits around the center of mass or in elliptical orbits with the center of mass at a focus of the ellipse. These are the only possible stable orbits in three-dimensional space in which the system of particles always remains similar to its initial configuration.
More generally, any system of particles moving under Newtonian gravitation that all collide at a single point in time and space will approximate a central configuration, in the limit as time tends to the collision time. Similarly, a system of particles that eventually all escape each other at exactly the escape velocity will approximate a central configuration in the limit as time tends to infinity. And any system of particles that move under Newtonian gravitation as if they are a rigid body must do so in a central configuration. Vortices in two-dimensional fluid dynamics, such as large storm systems on the earth's oceans, also tend to arrange themselves in central configurations.
Enumeration
Two central configurations are considered to be equivalent if they are similar, that is, they can be transformed into each other by some combination of rotation, translation, and scaling.
With this definition of equivalence, there is only one configuration of one or two points, and it is always central.
In the case of three bodies, there are three one-dimensional central configurations, found by Leonhard Euler. The finiteness of the set of three-point central configurations was shown by Joseph-Louis Lagrange in his solution to the three-body problem; Lagrange showed that there is only one non-collinear central configuration, in which the three points form the vertices of an equilateral triangle.
Four points in any dimension have only finitely many central configurations. The number of configurations in this case is at least 32 and at most 8472, depending on the masses of the points. The only convex central configuration of four equal masses is a square. The only central configuration of four masses that spans three dimensions is the configuration formed by the vertices of a regular tetrahedron.
For arbitrarily many points in one dimension, there are again only finitely many solutions, one for each of the linear orderings (up to reversal of the ordering) of the points on a line.
For every set of point masses, and every dimension less than , there exists at least one central configuration of that dimension.
For almost all -tuples of masses there are finitely many "Dziobek" configurations that span exactly dimensions.
It is an unsolved problem, posed by and , whether there is always a bounded number of central configurations for five or more masses in two or more dimensions. In 1998, Stephen Smale included this problem as the sixth in his list of "mathematical problems for the next century". As partial progress, for almost all 5-tuples of masses, there are only a bounded number of two-dimensional central configurations of five points.
Special classes of configurations
Stacked
A central configuration is said to be stacked if a subset of three or more of its masses also form a central configuration. For example this can be true for equal masses forming a square pyramid, with the four masses at the base of the pyramid also forming a central configuration, or for masses forming a triangular bipyramid, with the three masses in the central triangle of the bipyramid also forming a central configuration.
Spiderweb
A spiderweb central configuration is a configuration in which the masses lie at the intersection points of a collection of concentric circles with another collection of lines, meeting at the center of the circles with equal angles. The intersection points of the lines with a single circle should all be occupied by points of equal mass, but the masses may vary from circle to circle. An additional mass (which may be zero) is placed at the center of the system.
For any desired number of lines, number of circles, and profile of the masses on each concentric circle of a spiderweb central configuration, it is possible to find a spiderweb central configuration matching those parameters.
One can similarly obtain central configurations for families of nested Platonic solids, or more generally group-theoretic orbits of any finite subgroup of the orthogonal group.
James Clerk Maxwell suggested that a special case of these configurations with one circle, a massive central body, and much lighter bodies at equally spaced points on the circle could be used to understand the motion of the rings of Saturn. used stable orbits generated from spiderweb central configurations with known mass distribution to test the accuracy of classical estimation methods for the mass distribution of galaxies. His results showed that these methods could be quite inaccurate, potentially showing that less dark matter is needed to predict galactic motion than standard theories predict.
References
Classical mechanics
Orbits
Alfred T. Ordway (March 9, 1821 – November 17, 1897) was an American landscape and portrait painter, and one of the founding fathers of the Boston Art Club.
Early years
Alfred was born in Roxbury, Massachusetts to mother Currier, and father Thomas Ordway on March 9, 1821. With his father being the city's clerk, Alfred spent the majority of his childhood in Lowell, Massachusetts, where he attended the public schools. His family can be traced back to the early 17th century when James Ordway settled in Dover, New Hampshire. Both his parents fought in the Revolutionary War, and his grandfather, Nehemiah Ordway, a physician in Amesbury, Massachusetts, was put in charge "to form and equip a company for Bunker Hill."
He first studied under a sign painter in Lowell, then portrait artist George Peter Alexander Healy, in Boston. One of his first commissions was to paint portraits of all the presidents to adorn the Lowell Museum, which shortly after he finished the museum burned to the ground.
Career
In 1845, Ordway opened up his studio on Tremont Row in Boston, around the same time he and friend, Benjamin Champney, founded the Boston Art Club. He also spent the fall up north with Miss Bangs, Benjamin Champney, Richard William Hubbard, and Sanford Gifford painting landscapes in the White Mountains of New Hampshire.
He first exhibited his works at the Boston Athenaeum in 1855, and in 1856 he became Director of Exhibitions of the Boston Athenaeum till 1863, all the while exhibiting his own works each year of his eight-year term.
After leaving the Director's position, he began to frequently exhibit his works in New York at the National Academy of Design and the Brooklyn Art Association. In 1898, his works were exhibited at the Art Institute of Chicago.
By 1890, the aging artist would spend each painting season in North Conway, New Hampshire. He focused his works mainly on New England landscapes particularly: mountain streams, summer valleys, and mountain peaks with a poetic feel for nature. As he often said, he "tried to paint nature exactly as he saw it."
According to The New York Times obituary, Alfred Ordway died on November 17, 1897, of heart disease while visiting a friend in Melrose Highlands, Massachusetts. He was 76.
Notable works
Fishing on Fairlee Pond, Mount Mansfield, Vermont
The Lily Pond
The country garden
The Pumpkin Patch
References
1821 births
1897 deaths
19th-century American painters
American male painters
Artists from Lowell, Massachusetts
People from Roxbury, Boston
19th-century American male artists
The Davidsbündler (League of David) was a music society created by Robert Schumann in his writings. It was inspired by literary societies, real and imagined ones, such as the Serapionsbrüder (The Serapion Brethren) of ETA Hoffmann. The group was created to defend the cause of contemporary music against its detractors. Its two main members were supposed to be named Florestan and Eusebius, respectively symbolising the extroverted and introspective sides of his personality.
The name "Davidsbündler" already appears in Schumann's first musical essay, "The Davidsbündler" which was published in Karl Herloßsohn's newspaper "Der Komet" (The Comet) in December 1833. Its narrator finds a paper shred thrown out of a window by a "Swedish head with a crooked nose" bearing the following message on its backside: "Finder! To the Good and to the Great you have been chosen! Davidsbündler you shall become, [you shall] translate the secrets of the Society of the World, i.e. of the society, which shall swat the Philistines, musical and otherwise! Here you know all – take action then! By no means organize provincially however, but deliver wildly and crazily! Master Raro, Florestan, Eusebius, Friedrich, Bg., St., Hf., Knif, bellows treader at St. Georg." The continuation of this "Davidsbündler" fantasizing can be found in the Neue Zeitschrift für Musik, which Schumann founded in April 1834.
In the same year 1834 Schumann composed three pieces carrying the titles "Florestan", "Eusebius" and "Marche des Davidsbündler contre les Philistins" in his Carnaval.
In 1837 Schumann wrote a piano suite, Davidsbündlertänze, Op. 6, named after the Davidsbündler.
Notes
References
David Ewen, Encyclopedia of Concert Music. New York; Hill and Wang, 1959.
Eisenberg, Evan, "The Recording Angel". Yale University Press; 1987
Fictional organizations
Robert Schumann
Dark River or The Dark River may refer to:
Geography
Dark River (Minnesota), a river in Minnesota, U.S.
Dark River, Minnesota, an unorganized territory in Minnesota, U.S.
Dark River, New Zealand, a river in New Zealand
Art and entertainment
Dark River (1952 film) (Las aguas bajan turbias), an Argentine drama
Dark River (1990 film), a British TV drama
Dark River (2017 film), a British drama
Dark River, a 2007 novel in the Warriors: Power of Three series by Erin Hunter
The Dark River (novel), a novel by John Twelve Hawks
The Dark River, a 1943 play by Rodney Ackland
The Dark River, an album by Vond, a side project of Mortiis
"Dark River", a song by Coil from Love's Secret Domain
Other
Dark River (astronomy) or Great Rift, a series of dust clouds that divides the bright band of the Milky Way lengthwise
See also
List of river name etymologies, for other rivers whose name means "dark river"
B.R Shetty is an Indian-born businessman who is the founder and acquirer of a number of companies based in the United Arab Emirates, including Abu Dhabi-based NMC Health, Neopharma, BRS Ventures, and Finablr. Shetty's initial interest in 1975 was in hospitals and hospitality and has since diversified into pharmaceuticals, financial services, retail, advertising and information technology. He was included on the Forbes list of India's 100 Richest People in 2015 and was listed as the 42nd richest person in 2020.
In 2020, Shetty resigned from his board position while investigations were underway. On April 8, 2020, NMC Health went into Administration in UK due corporate governance concerns and a falling share price. Due to sharp drops in share prices and shares pledged by Shetty to pay for debts incurred, it is believed that his net worth has fallen to a fraction of the earlier estimate of $3.5 billion. Consequently, Forbes dropped Shetty from its 2020 annual list of billionaires.
On 15 April 2020, Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank filed a criminal complaint against NMC Health with the Attorney General's Office of the UAE. Now, Indian agencies have initiated probe to identify potential risks to Indian banks, if any. On 27 April 2020, the Central Bank of the UAE ordered the freezing of his accounts and the blacklisting of his firms.
Early life
Shetty was born in bunt, Udupi to Tulu-speaking parents Shambhu Shetty and Koosamma Shetty on 1 August 1942 to an ethnic Tuluva family. Shetty completed his pharmaceutical education from Manipal in India and also served as the Vice-Chairman of the Municipal Council in Udupi. He married Chandrakumari Shetty and has four children.
Career
Shetty immigrated to the UAE in the year 1973. After working as the country's first medical representative, he founded New Medical Centre Health (NMC) in 1975 to fill the need for personalized, cost-effective healthcare accessible to all. At that time, his wife was the only doctor in the clinic. NMC is now the largest private healthcare provider in the UAE with over four million patients annually across 45 facilities spread over 12 cities and 8 countries, including the UAE, KSA, Oman, Spain, Italy, Denmark, Colombia, and Brazil. It is the first healthcare company from the Gulf Cooperation Countries (GCC) and the first company from Abu Dhabi to be listed on the premium segment of the London Stock Exchange and was part of the coveted FTSE 100 Index. Consequent to the request from the NMC board of directors and an on-going investigation of potential financial irregularities, the company was de-listed from London Stock Exchange and was removed from FTSE 100 index.
Shetty managed to take over the ownership of UAE Exchange from its founder Daniel Varghese in 1980 with the help of an Emirati and a former UAE Minister of Justice, Abdulla Humaid Al Mazroei. UAE Exchange was founded by Daniel Varghese in an attempt to ease the process of sending money by the expats to their families in their respective home countries. By 2016, it had expanded into over 31 countries and had approximately 800 direct offices. In 2014, it did over US$50 billion collectively in money remittance and exchange volumes. Shetty acquired Travelex, a major foreign exchange company, in 2014. Travelex has a global footprint including 1500 stores and 1300 ATMs across 27 countries. In December 2020 it was announced that Shetty had agreed to sell his majority stake in Finablr, the parent group for UAE Exchange and Travelex, to Prism Group AG and Royal Strategic Partners, a UAE linked investment fund.
In 2003, Shetty founded NMC Neopharma, a UAE-based pharmaceutical manufacturer. Inaugurated by the then President of India, A. P. J. Abdul Kalam in Abu Dhabi, Neopharma is centered on using the concept of modular manufacturing following global benchmarks in manufacturing technology and putting in place efficient control mechanisms. Neopharma has a research and development wing and works to provide quality medicines at affordable prices. The company also contracts manufacturing for international pharmaceutical companies as well as generic brands for companies including, but not limited to, Merck, Pfizer, AstraZeneca, and Boots UK.
In 2012, Shetty led NMC through an IPO on the London Stock Exchange, which raised $330 million. The funds went towards building a specialty hospital in Khalifa City, Abu Dhabi.
In June 2016, Shetty announced that he was building the first medical university in Abu Dhabi in honor of Sheikh Zayed. That same month, he was elected to be chairman of the Indian Business/Professional Group. In August 2016, Shetty announced that he was building a 400-bed super-specialty hospital in Udupi in Karnataka through B R S Ventures. Shetty also owned a hospital in Alexandria, two hospitals in Nepal, and acquired a hospital in Cairo as part of his personal portfolio under the same company.
In August 2019, BRS Ventures announced plans to invest $5 billion in developing healthcare facilities across India.
In February 2020, Bloomberg News report cast doubts on his real holding amidst the short-selling of NMC Health by Muddy Waters Research Also in February 2020, Shetty was ousted from the NMC Health board following a corporate governance scandal over his holdings in the company.
On April 8, 2020, NMC went into Administration in UK due to insolvency of the company.
Philanthropy
In May 2018, Shetty along with three other Abu Dhabi-based business tycoons signed The Giving Pledge Forbes Article
Other activities
B.R. Shetty was an activist of the erstwhile Jan Sangh, the predecessor to the BJP before he went to the UAE. Shetty had played a key role in organizing a visit of Modi to Abu Dhabi. Shetty has invested in a medical institution in the north Indian state of Uttarakhand. He is the founder and patron of the Indian Pharmaceutical Association in the Emirates and is a member of the Advisory Board (Financial Sector), Economic Department, Government of Dubai, UAE, and the Pharmaceutical Committee, Dubai. He was the chairman of Abu Dhabi Indian School, Abu Dhabi Indian School-Branch 1, Al Wathba, and Bright Riders School till 2019. His position in Abu Dhabi Indian School and Abu Dhabi Indian School-Branch 1, Al Wathba was taken up by the UAE-based Indian billionaire Yusuff Ali M.A.
In August 2015, Shetty was elected as the chairman to the board of directors of UAE Exchange. He was named chairman of The Indian Business/Professional Group in June 2016. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al Maktoum nominated Shetty as a member of the UAE medical council in September 2016.
In April 2017, Shetty announced that he would invest Rs 1000 crore ($157.3 million) to produce a film with director V. A. Shrikumar Menon. The film, starring Mohanlal, was to be based on the novel Randamoozham, a retelling of Mahabharata.
In May 2019, however, the film was shelved due to creative issues.
Awards and recognition
In 2005, Shetty was awarded the highest civilian distinction in the Emirate, the Abu Dhabi Awards. Given by Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi, the first year the distinction was awarded. Also in 2005, U.S. India Friendship Society presented Shetty the Distinguished Entrepreneur Award.
The Indian government gave Shetty the Pravasi Bharatiya Samman awwrd in 2007. Shetty received the Padma Shri awarded by the President of India in 2009.
In July 2011, he received the Asian Achievers Award from the Human Achievers Foundation.
In September 2012, Pharma Leaders founded by Satya Brahma declared Shetty as Global Indian of the Year along with Kiran Mazumdar Shaw at 5th Annual Pharmaceutical Leadership Summit & Pharma Leaders Business Leadership Awards 2012 in Mumbai.
In 2013, Shetty was recognized as one of Asia's most promising leaders at the Asian Brand & Leadership Summit. In March 2013, he was awarded the International Achievers Summit's Lifetime Achievement Award. That same year, Shetty received the Asian Business Leadership Forum India-UAE Business Icons Award. He also received the 2013 Frost & Sullivan Lifetime Achievement Award.
In 2014, Forbes Middle East recognized Shetty with the Top Indian Leaders in the UAE Award. He also received the Lakshya Business Visionary Award in 2014. That same year, Shetty was recognized with the International Achievement Award at the Indian Innovator Awards.
In February 2015, the Indian Club - Bahrain recognized Shetty with a Centenary Award. He received the Deal of the Year Award at the 2015 Indian CEO Awards. In June 2015, Shetty received the Business Personality of the Year award from Crowe Horwath International. That same month, Shetty received the Arabian Indian Czars award.
Shetty received the Global Indian Achiever Award in 2015 from Sheikh Nahyan Bin Mubarak al Nahyan. Also in 2015, Prince Faisal Bin Saud Bin Musaed Bin Abdulaziz presented Shetty with the National Cultural Award. Shetty's company, NMC Healthcare, received the Frost & Sullivan Middle East Integrated Healthcare Company of the Year Award in 2015. That same year, MILAAP honored Shetty with a Lifetime Achievement Award.
At the 2015 Gulf Business Industry Awards, Shetty was recognized as the Healthcare Business Leader of the Year. In November 2015, he was felicitated by More Ignatius Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Cathedral in Dubai. Shetty's NMC Healthcare was recognized at the 6th Middle East Business Leaders Awards in 2015, where Shetty was given the Industry Excellence in Healthcare Award.
In 2016, Shetty received the Golden Peacock Lifetime Achievement Award for Business Leadership. Also in 2016, Shetty won the Business Excellence Award from the Indian Business & Professional Council. Middlesex University in Dubai awarded Shetty an Honorary Doctorate in 2016.
In January 2017, Shetty was honored at the Annual Health Awards with a special award for his contribution to the region's healthcare industry. The following month, Shetty received the Nadaprabhu Kempegowda International Award at the Kempegowda International Festival.
In May 2018 Shetty was recognized by Forbes Middle East among the top Indian leaders in the Arab world. In September 2018 Shetty received the C3 Lifetime Achievement Award.
References
External links
Official website
Indian philanthropists
Mangaloreans
Tulu people
Recipients of the Padma Shri in trade and industry
Living people
People from Udupi district
Indian emigrants to the United Arab Emirates
1942 births
Businesspeople from Karnataka
Giving Pledgers
Indian businesspeople
20th-century Indian businesspeople
21st-century Indian businesspeople
Former billionaires
Karnataka municipal councillors
People from Chitradurga
People from Udupi
Recipients of Pravasi Bharatiya Samman
The 2022 Houston Dynamo season is the 17th season of the team's existence since joining Major League Soccer (MLS) prior to the 2006 season. The Dynamo missed the playoffs in 2021 for the 7th time in 8 years.
It is the first season with head coach Paulo Nagamura, who was hired on January 3. 2022 is the Dynamo's first season under General Manager Pat Onstad, who was hired with 1 game remaining in the 2021 season. Asher Mendelsohn was hired as technical director on January 3. On the front office end, it is Ted Segal's second season (first full season) as majority owner and John Walker's fourth season as President of Business Operations. On August 25, Ted Segal bought the remaining shares owned by Oscar De La Hoya, Gabriel Brener, and Ben Guill. Lyle Ayes also joined the ownership group
On September 5, with the team last in the Western Conference through 29 games, Paulo Nagamura was fired as head coach. Dynamo 2 head coach Kenny Bundy was named interim head coach for the final 5 games.
Current squad
Appearances and goals are totals for MLS regular season only.
Player movement
In
Per Major League Soccer and club policies terms of the deals do not get disclosed.
Out
Loans out
MLS SuperDraft
Coaching staff
Non-competitive
Preseason
Competitions
Major League Soccer
Standings
Western Conference
Overall
Results summary
Results by round
Match results
U.S. Open Cup
References
Houston Dynamo FC seasons
Houston Dynamo
Houston Dynamo
Houston Dynamo
Maggie Riley was an English actress, best known for her roles as Maureen in Hazell and Mrs. McMahon in children's television series Grange Hill.
A member of Olivier's National Theatre company, she made frequent appearances on British TV from the 1960s.
She died on 10 October 2015 at the age of 79 after a long illness.
Credits
Television
Film
References
External links
2015 deaths
English stage actresses
English television actresses
Year of birth missing
Adalgisa Gabbi (23 May 1857 – 16 December 1933) was an Italian operatic soprano. After her 1875 debut in Lecco as Maria in Filippo Marchetti's Ruy Blas, she first made a name abroad, performing in Poland, Latin America, and London. It was not until the late 1880s that she established herself in Italy, performing in Turin, Naples, and in Milan, where she appeared in December 1889 at La Scala as Eva in the Italian premiere of Wagner's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg.
Early life
Born in Parma on 23 May 1857, Gabbi began to study voice in Bologna when she was 14. In October 1872, she was admitted to the , where she studied under Lodovico Spiga and Vincenzo Lombardi. In 1875, she became a pupil of Felice Varesi in Milan who arranged for her to make her debut that year in Lecco as Maria in Marchetti's .
Career
In 1876, after appearing in Verdi's La traviata in Cremona, Gabbi joined an Italian opera company in Poland, performing in Warsaw, Kraków, and in Lemberg, where she was so successful that she was engaged for the next two seasons. She performed the title role in Verdi's Aida and Élisabetta in his Don Carlos as well as the title role in Moniuszko's Halka. Thereafter she appeared in Nice as Cecilia in Antônio Carlos Gomes' Il Guarany (1880), in Trento as Aida, and in Palermo, before moving to Spain to perform in Valencia, Zaragoza, and Santander.
From December 1880 to April 1881, she made guest appearances in two theatres in Havana, Cuba, in the title role of Donizetti's Lucrezia Borgia, gaining wide acclaim from both the critics and audiences. On 6 December 1880, the Havana newspaper La Discusión commented on her performance, praising "her perfect intonation, the masterful projection of her voice, the exquisite color of her singing, her school, and above all her expressive feeling". Immediately afterwards she travelled to London, where she performed the leading roles in Il travatore and Aida at Her Majesty's Theatre. She continued to appear in Aida throughout 1881 and in early 1882, for example in Rimini and in Bologna.
In 1883, she embarked on a two-year tour of Latin America appearing in Argentina, Peru, Chile, Brazil, and Bolivia in a variety of operas including La Traviata, Fromental Halévy's La Juive, Lucrezia Borgia, Verdi's Il trovatore and Bellini's Norma. She is remembered in particular for her success at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires and at the Don Pedro Theatre in Rio de Janeiro where she appeared in Aida, La traviata and Il Guarany. She became so popular in South America that according to the Barcelona newspaper La Vanguardia (22 October 1888), shopkeepers offered their clients beautiful little portraits of her.
After appearing in Bucharest in early 1884, she returned to Italy, appearing in Turin as Valentine in Meyerbeer's Les Huguenots. But it was from 1887 that she gained extensive recognition in Italy, in particular in April 1887 in Rome as Desdemona in Verdi's Otello, acting as a stand-in for Romilda Pantaleoni. Although Verdi was somewhat critical of her interpretation of the role, she successfully performed it in other Italian cities, including Venice, Brescia and Florence. She then spent the next two years at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples, appearing in Don Carlos, Otello, Gounod's Faust and Meyerbeer's L'Africaine. In April 1889, she appeared in the Neopolitan premiere of Wagner's Tannhäuser and on 26 December 1889, in Milan at La Scala in the Italian premiere of Wagner's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg. Gabbi retired from the stage after appearing in Trieste in 1900 in the title role of Wagner's Tristan und Isolde.
Adalgisa Gabbi died in Milan on 16 December 1933 at the age of 76.
References
1857 births
1933 deaths
People from Parma
Italian operatic sopranos
Doris Anita Taylor, Ph.D., FACC, FAHA is an American scientist working in regenerative medicine and tissue engineering. She was the Director, Regenerative Medicine Research and Director, Center for Cell and Organ Biotechnology at the Texas Heart Institute in Houston, Texas until March 2020.
Biography
Taylor was born in San Francisco and lived in Germany with her parents and two siblings, where her father was in the military. When Taylor was 6 years old, her father was diagnosed with cancer, and the family moved to Texas to seek medical treatment. Experiencing her father's death from cancer, and caring for her brother, who has schizophrenia, led her to a career in medical research.
Taylor earned her B.S. from Mississippi University for Women in Biology and Physical Sciences and earned her PhD in Pharmacology from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, Texas. She did her post-doctoral studies at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the Bronx, New York, where she first worked with tissue engineering, growing heart muscle cells in the laboratory.
She was on the faculty of Duke University from 1991 to 2007, on the faculty of the University of Minnesota from 2003 to 2012, and was with the Texas Heart Institute from 2012 to 2020. As of 2014 she retains an adjunct professor role at University of Minnesota and is an adjunct professor at Texas A&M University until 2020.
Research
In 2008, Taylor's team published a paper in Nature Medicine showing that her team could create beating rat hearts using tissue engineering; the work was called a "landmark". The lab first stripped the cells away from a rat heart (a process called "decellularization") and then injected rat stem cells into the decellularized rat heart.
Taylor also is conducting research which has uncovered differences in the underlying framework of male and female hearts and other vital organs.
References
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Mississippi
Mississippi University for Women alumni
21st-century American biologists
A disjunctive population, in ecology, is a colony of plants or animals, whose geographical locus is severed from the continuous range of the bulk of the species distribution. Although a disjunctive population may sometimes occur on an island, which creates physical separation via water, a large percentage of disjunctive populations are separated from their main range simply by landmass. In some cases a disjunctive population represents a relatively small outlier population from the main range, but in other cases, such as for the painted hunting dog, Lycaon pictus, the entire population is scattered (throughout much of Africa) and is intrinsically disjunctive.
See also
Ecological island
Disjunct distribution
Notes
References
A.W.D. Larkum, Robert Joseph Orth and Carlos M. Duarte. 2006. Seagrasses: biology, ecology, and conservation, Published by Springer, , 9781402029424 691 pages
Ecology
Elections to Ards Borough Council were held on 21 May 1997 on the same day as the other Northern Irish local government elections. The election used four district electoral areas to elect a total of 23 councillors.
Election results
Note: "Votes" are the first preference votes.
Districts summary
|- class="unsortable" align="centre"
!rowspan=2 align="left"|Ward
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
!rowspan=2|TotalCllrs
|- class="unsortable" align="center"
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | UUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | DUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | Alliance
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | SDLP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="white"| Others
|-
|align="left"|Ards East
|bgcolor="40BFF5"|52.1
|bgcolor="40BFF5"|4
|23.0
|1
|15.3
|1
|0.0
|0
|9.6
|0
|6
|-
|align="left"|Ards West
|bgcolor="40BFF5"|56.1
|bgcolor="40BFF5"|3
|18.8
|1
|25.1
|2
|0.0
|0
|0.0
|0
|6
|-
|align="left"|Newtownards
|26.6
|2
|18.6
|1
|15.4
|1
|0.0
|0
|bgcolor="#0077FF"|39.4
|bgcolor="#0077FF"|2
|6
|-
|align="left"|Peninsula
|22.6
|1
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|29.7
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|2
|28.8
|1
|18.2
|1
|0.7
|0
|5
|- class="unsortable" class="sortbottom" style="background:#C9C9C9"
|align="left"| Total
|39.6
|10
|22.6
|5
|21.1
|5
|4.6
|1
|12.1
|0
|23
|-
|}
District results
Ards East
1993: 3 x UUP, 2 x DUP, 1 x Alliance
1997: 4 x UUP, 1 x DUP, 1 x Alliance
1993-1997 Change: UUP gain from DUP
Ards West
1993: 3 x UUP, 2 x Alliance, 1 x DUP
1997: 3 x UUP, 2 x Alliance, 1 x DUP
1993-1997 Change: No change
Newtownards
1993: 2 x UUP, 2 x DUP, 1 x Alliance, 1 x Independent Unionist
1997: 2 x DUP, 2 x Independent Unionist, 1 x DUP, 1 x Alliance
1993-1997 Change: Independent Unionist gain from DUP
Peninsula
1993: 2 x Alliance, 1 x DUP, 1 x UUP, 1 x Independent
1997: 2 x DUP, 1 x UUP, 1 x Alliance, 1 x SDLP
1997-2001 Change: DUP and SDLP gain from Alliance and Independent
References
Ards Borough Council elections
Ards
Revidere (foaled in 1973 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that was voted the 1976 Eclipse Award as the American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly.Her sire was Reviewer, who is best known as the sire of champion filly Ruffian. Her dam was Quillesian.
In her championship year on 9 October 1976, Revidere won the inaugural Ruffian Stakes defeating the Argentine bred Bastonera II by 14 lengths.
Retired to serve as a broodmare, Revidere was bred to stallions such as Hoist The Flag, Lyphard, Alydar, Alleged, Slew o' Gold, and owner William Haggin Perry's Belmont Stakes winner, Coastal.
References
Revidere's pedigree and partial racing stats
1973 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Eclipse Award winners
Thoroughbred family 4-m
Frederick Weekes (1833-1920) was an English painter and designer. Son of the successful Victorian sculptor, Henry Weekes, two of his brothers also became artists, the genre and animal painters Herbert William Weekes and Henry Weekes Junior.
He established a long partnership with the architect William Burges, working with him on many of his major commissions, including Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral, Cardiff Castle, Castell Coch, the Yorkshire churches and Burges's own home in London, The Tower House.
Notes
19th-century English painters
English male painters
20th-century English painters
1833 births
1920 deaths
English designers
20th-century English male artists
19th-century English male artists
Salvatore Masiello (born 31 January 1982) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a left-back.
Club career
From Venezia to Palermo
Masiello started his career at Venezia, he made one Serie B appearances before moved to Lumezzane (Lega Pro Prima Divisione). In January 2003, he was signed by U.S. Città di Palermo, rejoined chairman Maurizio Zamparini. In 2004–05 season, he became a surplus of newly promoted Palermo, and he was loaned to Piacenza along with Simone Pepe. In 2005–06 season, he returned to Palermo, made his Serie A debut on 6 November 2005, against Sampdoria.
Udinese
In January 2006, he was involved in the transfer deal of David Di Michele, to join Udinese along with Pepe and Nicola Santoni in joint-ownership. Masiello's half registration rights was valued for €250,000 at that time. In the 2005–06 season, he played three Serie A games, two for Palermo and one for Udinese.
In 2006–07 season, he was loaned to Messina (Serie A) and 2007–08 for Vicenza (Serie B). In June 2008, Udinese acquired the whole rights for free.
Bari
In summer 2008, Masiello joined AS Bari from Udinese by joint-ownership bid, for €200,000. In June 2011 Bari acquired Masiello outright and sold Paulo Vitor Barreto back to Udinese.
Press reports in August 2011 stated that he was involved in a plate-throwing incident at a Bari team dinner. Fellow Bari player Alessandro Crescenzi was reportedly struck by the plate and had to have 40 stitches in the resulting wound. The club announced its intention to refer Masiello's conduct to the Court of Sports Arbitration of Lega Serie B and to seek termination of Masiello's contract.
Torino
On 31 January 2012, the last day of the transfer market, he moved to Torino, with whom he signed a contract until 2013. At the end of the season he was promoted to Serie A, playing only the last league game AlbinoLeffe - Torino (0–0).
The following season competed in the top division with the Granata, he totalled 24 appearances. He remained a free transfer at the end of the season, but on 8 July 2013 signed a new contract with the Granata. He followed the same fate the following year: left without a contract, he signed with Torino for another season.
International career
On 14 January 2004, when he played for Palermo, he was summoned from Italy under-21 Serie B representative team for an internship at the Borghesiana, not playing any games.
References
1982 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football fullbacks
Venezia F.C. players
F.C. Lumezzane V.G.Z. A.S.D. players
Palermo F.C. players
Piacenza Calcio 1919 players
Udinese Calcio players
A.C.R. Messina players
L.R. Vicenza players
S.S.C. Bari players
Torino F.C. players
Mantova 1911 players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
John Rankin (1 February 1889 – 8 October 1973) was a Scottish Labour Co-operative politician.
Rankin was educated at Allan Glen's School (Glasgow), and the University of Glasgow. He became a school teacher, propagandist and lecturer. He took a significant part in the debates on the Education (Scotland) Bill in 1969 that, once passed and enacted. led to the change in status of Allan Glen's School and other state selective schools in Scotland to comprehensives.
Career
Rankin first stood for Parliament without success in Glasgow Pollok in 1923, 1924 and 1935. He served as Labour Co-operative Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Glasgow Tradeston from 1945 to 1955 and for Glasgow Govan from 1955 until his death in 1973 aged 84. His death led to the 1973 Glasgow Govan by-election, famously won by Margo MacDonald for the Scottish National Party.
References
Sources
External links
1889 births
1973 deaths
20th-century Scottish writers
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Labour Co-operative MPs for Scottish constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Glasgow constituencies
People educated at Allan Glen's School
Politicians from Glasgow
Scottish schoolteachers
UK MPs 1945–1950
UK MPs 1950–1951
UK MPs 1951–1955
UK MPs 1955–1959
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
Hesston is an unincorporated community in Galena Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
History
Originally called Mayes' Corners after Matthew Mayes opened a blacksmith in 1835. In 1857, Valentine Smith established a sawmill west of Mayes' Corner near the Galena River. It burned in 1862. In 1865, the Christian Church established a congregation in this area with Rev. Caleb Davis leading the congregation, before he moved to Michigan. P.M. Hess came to the township in 1856 from New York and began farming. He ran a sawmill and operated a store, contributing his name to the location. A post office was established at Hesston in 1877, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1900. The community was named for P. M. Hess, an early settler.
Culture
The Hesston Steam Museum, which contains several railroads with multiple track gauges including narrow gauge, narrow gauge, gauge, and gauge, is located just west of Hesston.
References
2 ft gauge railways in the United States
3 ft gauge railways in the United States
7½ in gauge railways in the United States
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
David Kemper Watson (June 18, 1849 – September 28, 1918) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1895 to 1897.
Biography
Born near London, Ohio, Watson was graduated from Dickinson College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania, in 1871 and from the law department of Boston University in 1873.
He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice.
He served as assistant United States district attorney for the southern district of Ohio during the administration of President Arthur.
Watson was elected attorney general of Ohio in 1887 and reelected in 1889. In 1890, he successfully prosecuted the Standard Oil Company under the Sherman Antitrust Act, leading the court to dissolve the trust.
He served as special counsel for the United States in the suits brought by the Government against the Pacific railroads in 1892.
Watson was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1895 – March 3, 1897). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1896 to the Fifty-fifth Congress. He was appointed by President William McKinley as a member of the commission to revise and codify the laws of the United States. He resumed the practice of law.
He died in Columbus, Ohio, September 28, 1918. He was interred in Green Lawn Cemetery.
Watson was married to Louise M. Harrison, daughter of Hon. Richard A. Harrison of Columbus, Ohio, in 1873, and had a son and a daughter.
Publications
David K. Watson (1910). The constitution of the united states: its history, application and construction. Imprenta: Chicago, Callaghan, 1910.
References
Sources
1849 births
1918 deaths
People from London, Ohio
Dickinson College alumni
Boston University School of Law alumni
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Michael David-Fox (born 21 May 1965) is an American historian who studies modern Russia and the Soviet Union.
Biography
David-Fox received his A.B. from Princeton University and his Ph.D. from Yale.
David-Fox has been a professor at the Higher School of Economics since 2014, and director of the Center for Eurasian, Russian and East European Studies in Georgetown University's Walsh School of Foreign Service. He is a founding editor of Kritika: Explorations in Russian and Eurasian History, for which he received the 2010 Distinguished Editor Award from the Council of Editors of Learned Journals.
He has been a fellow, visiting professor, and honorary professor in France, Germany, and Russia, and Kennan Institute member. In 2017, he was awarded a fellowship at the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation for his study of European and Latin American history.
As of 2021, he is the author of several books, nine edited volumes, twelve edited special theme issues of peer-reviewed academic journals, and about 50 articles and chapters.
Bibliography
Articles
Books
Chapters
Essays
Reviews
References
External links
Google Scholar
Humanities Commons
1965 births
20th-century American historians
21st-century American historians
Historians of Russia
Living people
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1958 season.
Overview
It was contested by 10 teams, and Sarkanais Metalurgs won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Horgebest Peak () is a peak just east of Fred Cirque in the Roots Heights, in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was photographed from the air by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39), was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (1949–52) and from air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Horgebest (mountain beast).
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
John Carey (April 5, 1792 – March 17, 1875) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1859 to 1861.
Biography
Born in Monongalia County, Virginia (now West Virginia), Carey moved with his parents to the Northwest Territory in 1798.
He served under General William Hull in the War of 1812.
He served as associate judge 1825–1832.
He was appointed Indian agent at the Wyandotte Reservation in 1829.
He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1828, 1836, and 1843.
Presidential elector in 1840 for Harrison/Tyler.
Promoter and first president of the Mad River and Lake Erie Railroad, from Sandusky to Dayton, about 1845. He is the namesake of the town of Carey, Ohio.
Carey was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1859 – March 3, 1861).
He died in Carey, Ohio, March 17, 1875.
He was interred in the family burial ground on the home farm.
He was reinterred in 1919 in Spring Grove Cemetery, Carey, Ohio.
Family
John Carey was the second son and third child of Stephen Brown Carey and Sarah Mitten Carey. He married Dorcas Wilcox (1790-1867), of Worthington, Ohio, on January 9, 1817. She was a native of Connecticut. They had six children named Napoleon Bonaparte Carey (1818-1846), MacDonnough Monroe Carey (1820-1895), Emma Marie Carey (1822-1842), Eliza Anne Carey Kinney (1824-1904), Cinderella Carey Brown (1826-1892), and Dorcas Carey Dow (1830-1909).
Notes
References
1792 births
1875 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
People from Wyandot County, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
1840 United States presidential electors
Ohio Whigs
19th-century American politicians
People from Crawford County, Ohio
American military personnel of the War of 1812
People from Monongalia County, West Virginia
Ohio Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
People from Carey, Ohio
The 2000 Arizona Wildcats baseball team represented the University of Arizona during the 2000 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Wildcats played their home games at Frank Sancet Stadium. The team was coached by Jerry Stitt in his 4th season at Arizona. The Wildcats would finish 7th in the Pacific-10 Conference with a record of 8-16, 26-30 overall. This was the Wildcats 1st losing season since Jerry Kindall's final season in 1996.
Previous season
The Wildcats finished the 1999 season with a record of 33-23 (13-11 Pac-10), good enough for a 3rd place finish in the conference. Arizona was selected to the postseason for the 1st time since 1993 and was placed in the Waco Regional as the 3-seed. The Wildcats would fail to win a game, losing two matches in a row to 2-seed Minnesota and 4-seed Eastern Illinois to be eliminated.
Personnel
Roster
Coaches
Opening day
Schedule and results
2000 MLB Draft
References
Arizona Wildcats baseball seasons
Eilema aurora is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Walter Rothschild in 1916. It is found in New Guinea.
References
aurora
Fernando von Reichenbach (1931 – March 17, 2005) was an Argentine engineer and inventor.
Inventions
Some of his inventions were:
Catalina or graphic analog converter (1967): capable of synthesizing sounds following an analog score by a video camera.
System for inducing sleep (developed in conjunction with Dr. Fontana), by reproducing maternal prenatal sounds.
Ultrasonic drill.
20th-century Argentine engineers
Engineers from Buenos Aires
1931 births
2005 deaths
Argentine people of German descent
Burials at La Chacarita Cemetery
The Palace of the Counts of Penafiel (), commonly known as Penafiel Palace, is a Portuguese palace located in the civil parish of Santa Maria Maior, in the municipality of Lisbon. It serves as the global headquarters of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries, also known as the Lusophone Commonwealth.
History
The palace was built in the first half of the 17th century over the remains of the Palace of the High Courier, the courtly officer responsible for communications within the kingdom. Between 1606 and 1755 it was the residence of the High-Couriers, becoming the seat of the postal authority for the Kingdom. But, the palace was only concluded in 1776, after remodelling associated with its reconstruction, following the devastating 1755 Lisbon earthquake.
When the office of High Courier was abolished in 1797, is resident made the Count of Penafiel in compensation, thereby resulting in its new designation.
In 1859, the kingdom's last official High-Courier to the Kingdom, Manuel José da Maternidade da Mata de Sousa Coutinho, 1st Count of Penafiel (n.1782) died in the residence. The palace passed into the hands of his only daughter, the 2nd Countess and 1st Marquess of Penafiel, D. Maria da Assunção da Mata de Sousa Coutinho (1827-1892). There was a campaign around 1865 to remodel the palace, that included redecoration, the alteration of the principal access and the arrangement of the frontispiece under the direction of António Tomás da Fonseca. Following the death of the marquessa in 1891, the palace began to be partially rented.
Between 1894 and 1904, the Viscountess of Almeida and her four daughters resided at the palace, using access along the Rua das Pedras Negras, 16. Two years later (and until 1910), from the doorway along Rua de São Mamede, 63, Engineer Manuel Afonso Espregueira, the de facto Finance Minister () under King D. Portugal and D. Manuel II. But, by the end of 1904, a great part of the palace was occupied by the residence of the Ambassador of Spain.
The palace required significant repairs in 1914, and was in the course of being purchased by the Caminhos de Ferro do Estado (State Railway), and eventually concluded in 1919. By 1941, the Direção-Geral dos Caminhos de Ferro (Directorate-General of the State Railway) was operating from the site, but was eventually replaced by the Conselho Superior de Obras Públicas (Superior Council of Public Works), forerunner of the Ministério das Obras Publicas, Transportes e Comunicações.
The Comissão para a Aquisição de Mobiliário (Commission for Furniture Acquisition), along with the architects Eduardo Moreira Santos and Luís Benavente, began to deal with providing furniture for Public Works, complementing the work and expansion at that the Direção Regional dos Edifícios de Lisboa (Lisbon Regional Directorate for Buildings). The furnishing for the Gabinete do Presidente was studied by Luís Benavente. In this first phase, the furniture was acquired from the factories Aséta (in Porto) and Madeiras & Móveis (from Praia da Granja). Between 1951 and 1952, the second phase of the project was furnished by factories Alberto de Sousa Reis (in Espinho) and Olaio (in Lisbon).
In 2011 the palace was offered to the Community of Portuguese Language Countries to serve as its global headquarters in Portugal.
Architecture
The palace is situated in an urban location, occupying the entire block marked by a very sharp drop.
The L-shaped building is divided into two volumes, a northern and eastern wings, topped in roofing tile. The principal elevation, in the north, is characterized by a succession of wall, doors with access to the patio and top of the northern wing, delimited laterally by granite cornerstones. Above are two floors divided by cornice and separated by friezes, animated by the decorated windows on the ground floor and others with rounded windows and iron grade along the second floor. Between the doors and over a portion of the graded wall, there are two angels supported by pillars and the coat-or-arms of the Counts of Penafiel, surmounted by crown.
The rectangular patio, defined by the limits of the residence and small informal garden (in the northeast). The wainscotting is visible for the monochromatic azulejo tiles, that predate the northern part of the eastern wing, whose ground floor is marked by three arches with the access to the interior. The southern elevation, from the ground floor is decorated in cornerstone and has four floors, and includes three corps, including central plan, decorated in rock-like veneer coating until the last floor. There are 12 vains per floor with windows and doors, with the principal spaces occupying the first floor of the north wing.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Penafiel (Palácio) (In Portuguese)
CPLP ganha nova sede em Lisboa (In Portuguese)
Community of Portuguese Language Countries
Palaces in Lisbon
High-Courier of the Kingdom of Portugal
Jennifer Guerin Zipps (née Jennifer Christine Pifer; born October 20, 1964) is an American lawyer and judge serving as a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona. Zipps formerly served as a United States magistrate judge of the same court.
Early life and education
Born in Ashland, Ohio, Zipps earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1986 from the University of Arizona and a Juris Doctor in 1990 from Georgetown University Law Center. From 1990 until 1991, she served as a law clerk for Judge William C. Canby, Jr. of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Professional career
From 1991 until 1995, Zipps worked as a litigation associate for the firm Molloy, Jones & Donahue in Tucson, Arizona. From 1999 until 2005, she served as a federal prosecutor. She was an Assistant United States Attorney, serving as chief of the Civil Division in 2002 and the Chief Assistant United States Attorney from 2002 until 2005.
Federal judicial service
United States magistrate judge service
In 2005, she became a United States Magistrate Judge in Arizona.
District court service
On June 23, 2011, President Barack Obama nominated Zipps to a seat on the United States District of Arizona, to replace Judge John Roll, who was killed in the 2011 Tucson shooting. On September 8, 2011, the Senate Judiciary Committee reported her nomination to the Senate floor by voice vote. The United States Senate confirmed Zipps by unanimous consent on October 3, 2011. She received her judicial commission on October 5, 2011.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
American women judges
American women lawyers
Arizona lawyers
Assistant United States Attorneys
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona
People from Ashland, Ohio
United States district court judges appointed by Barack Obama
United States magistrate judges
University of Arizona alumni
21st-century American judges
21st-century women judges
21st-century American women
Beckingham is an electoral ward in the district of Bassetlaw. The ward elects one councillor to Bassetlaw District Council using the first past the post electoral system for a four-year term in office. The number of registered voters in the ward is 1,901 as of 2019.
It consists of the civil parishes of Beckingham, Walkeringham and Saundby.
The ward was created in 1979 following a review of ward boundaries in Bassetlaw by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England. A subsequent review of electoral arrangements in 2002 resulted in minor changes to the boundaries of the ward, namely the transfer of Bole and West Burton from the ward.
Councillors
The ward elects one councillor every four years. Prior to 2015, Bassetlaw District Council was elected by thirds with elections taking place every year except the year in which elections to Nottinghamshire County Council took place.
Elections
2019
2015
2012
2008
2004
2002
References
Wards of Nottinghamshire
The languages of East Timor include both Austronesian and Papuan languages. (See Timor–Flores languages and Timor–Alor–Pantar languages.) The lingua franca and national language of East Timor is Tetum, an Austronesian language influenced by Portuguese, with which it has equal status as an official language. The language of the Ocussi exclave is Uab Meto (Dawan). Fataluku is a Papuan language widely used in the eastern part of the country (often more so than Tetum). Both Portuguese and Tetum have official recognition under the Constitution of East Timor, as do other indigenous languages, including: Bekais, Bunak, Galoli, Habun, Idalaka, Kawaimina, Kemak, Lovaia, Makalero, Makasae, Mambai, Tokodede and Wetarese.
The rise of lingua francas in the linguistically diverse East Timor and the domination of several clans over others have led to the extinction of many smaller languages. However, some of them are still in use as ritual languages or cants. Research done in the mid-2000s by the Dutch linguist Aone van Engelenhoven, for example, revealed that the Makuva language, formerly spoken by the Makuva tribe but believed to have been extinct since the 1950s, was still used occasionally.
In 2007, Van Engelenhoven discovered the existence of another language that was essentially extinct, called Rusenu.
Official languages
Section 13(1) of the 2002 constitution designates Portuguese and Tetum as East Timor's two official languages. The same section also provides that "Tetum and the other national languages shall be valued and developed by the State." English and Indonesian are sometimes used and section 159 of the constitution provides that these languages serve as "working languages within civil service side by side with official languages as long as deemed necessary".
Under Portuguese rule, all education was through the medium of Portuguese, although it coexisted with Tetum and other languages. Portuguese particularly influenced the dialect of Tetum spoken in the capital, Dili, known as Tetun Prasa, as opposed to the more traditional version spoken in rural areas, known as Tetun Terik. Tetun Prasa is the version more widely used, and is now taught in schools.
Under Indonesian rule from 1976 to 1999, East Timor's official language was Indonesian; It, Along with English, currently has the status of a 'working language' under the present constitution.
For many older East Timorese, the Indonesian language has negative connotations with the Suharto regime, but many younger people expressed suspicion or hostility to the reinstatement of Portuguese, which they saw as a 'colonial language' in much the same way that Indonesians saw Dutch. However, whereas the Dutch culture and language had limited influence on those of Indonesia, the East Timorese and Portuguese cultures became intertwined, particularly through intermarriage, as did the languages. Portuguese was also a working language of the resistance against Indonesia.
Some young East Timorese felt at a disadvantage by the adoption of Portuguese as an official language, and accused the country's leaders of favouring the older generations who speak Portuguese and educated Timorese who had only recently returned from overseas, arguing that those older East Timorese who speak Portuguese or English had more job opportunities.
Many foreign observers, especially from Australia and Southeast Asia were also critical about the reinstatement of Portuguese, arguing that English or Indonesian would have been preferable. In spite of this, many Australian linguists have been closely involved with the official language policy, including the promotion of Portuguese.
Portugal and other Portuguese language countries such as Brazil have supported the teaching of Portuguese in East Timor. Some people in East Timor complained that teachers from Portugal and Brazil were poorly equipped to teach in the country, as they did not know local languages, or understand the local culture.
Nevertheless, the late Sérgio Vieira de Mello, who headed the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor, was a Brazilian who established a close working relationship with Xanana Gusmão, the country's first president, as a fellow Portuguese-speaker but was respected by many East Timorese because of his efforts to learn Tetum.
Languages by speakers
Languages by number of native speakers
Literacy rates by language
Literacy rates (in percentage terms) in the co-official and working languages for East Timorese people aged 15–24 in 2004 and 2010. This shows which percentage of the age group is able to speak, read and write any of the four main lingua francas of East Timor, either as a native or second language. Data are derived from Highlights of the 2010 census main results in Timor-Leste.
Distribution of languages, 2010
Notes
References
National Institute of Linguistics, National University of East Timor
"The languages of East Timor", by Dr. Geoffrey Hull, at the Timorese National Institute of Linguistics
Current Language Issues in East Timor (Dr Geoffrey Hull)
Interview given by Dr. Geoffrey Hull to the programme "Lingua Franca", in Radio National
External links
Pictures from a Portuguese language course using Tetum published in the East Timorese newspaper :pt:Lia Foun in Díli
Línguas no Timor website in Portuguese, but contains links to articles in English
Languages of Timor Lorosae - part of Ethnologue
The Languages of East Timor: Some Basic Facts
FATALUKU COMMUNITY: English and Fataluku Website for researching the Fataluku Language
YouTube video of José Ramos-Horta commenting on East Timor's official and working languages
Weary and Wired is the second album by guitarist and singer-songwriter Marc Ford. The album was released on March 27, 2007, on the Blues Bureau International label.
Track listing
All songs written by Marc Ford, except as indicated.
Featherweight Dreamland – 3:17
Don't Come Around – 3:43
It'll Be Over Soon – 3:07
Dirty Girl – 3:05
The Other Side (Ryan Bingham) – 2:53
1000 Ways (Marc Ford, Elijah Ford) – 4:04
Smoke Signals (Marc Ford, Luther Russell) – 8:26
Greazy Chicken – 6:01
Currents – 6:04
Just Take the Money – 2:53
Medicine Time – 4:05
The Same Thing (Willie Dixon) – 8:44
Running Man Blues – 2:44
Bye Bye Suzy – 2:59
The Big Callback – 3:29
Personnel
Marc Ford – vocals, guitars, backing vocals, record producer
Muddy (a.k.a. Mark Dutton) — bass guitar, backing vocals, co-producer
Doni Gray – drums, backing vocals
Additional musicians
Elijah Ford – bass guitar on "Featherweight Dreamland", 2nd guitar on "1000 Ways", backing vocals
Mike Malone – Hammond organ, piano
Afton – organ on "Smoke Signals"
Aaron West – saxophone
Will Artope – trumpet
Additional background vocals
Chris Lizotte, Kirsten Ford, Scott Owen, Joel Owen
External links
Marc Ford MySpace
2007 albums
Marc Ford albums
The Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) of Nigeria was established in 1990 vide Companies and Allied Matters Act no 1 (CAMA) 1990 as amended, now on Act cap C20 Laws of Federation of Nigeria. Its establishment, structure, and funding are now governed by the Companies and Allied Matters Act 2020 It is an autonomous body charged with the responsibility to regulate the formation and management of companies in Nigeria. It carries out its functions through accredited members of Association of National Accountants of Nigeria, Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria, Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators of Nigeria (ICSAN), and the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA). It is headed by a Registrar-General. Prior to the enactment of CAMA, these activities were carried on under the Companies Act 1968. (CA 1948)
Membership
The commission is made up of 10 members each representing the respective stakeholders, the board members are
The chairman - Ademola Seriki
The Registrar-General/CEO - A. G. Abubakar
The representative of the Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN) - Alhaji Ali S. Madugu, mni
The representative of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) - Mazi Nnamdi Anthony Okwuadigbo
The representative of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) - Bello Aminu Abdullahi
The representative of the Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce, Industry Mines and Agriculture (NACCIMA) - Saratu Iya Aliyu
The representative of the Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade, and Investment (FMITI )- Muhammad Danjuma Alhassan
The representative of the Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) - Ms. Frana Chukwuogor
The representative of the Federal Ministry of Justice - Mrs. Antoinette Ifeanyi Oche-Obe
Services
Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) Services are classified into segments:
PART A - Registry PART B - Registration of Business Names PART C - Registration of Incorporated Trustees (NGO's)
These classifications above covers the following services:
Incorporation of Companies (Private or Public Company, Limited by guarantee)
Registration of Business Name
Registration of Incorporated Trustees
Same Day Incorporation Services under which companies are registered within one day
Conducting searches
Issuance of Certified True Copies of filed documents
Registration of share capital increases, mortgages, etc.
Processing the statutory filings of Annual Returns, increase, changes in the memo and articles, addresses, etc.
Arrange or conduct investigations into the affairs of any company where the interests of the shareholders and the public so demand.
Management and winding-up of companies.
Monitoring the Compliance with the CAMA by companies.
Sale of all statutory forms and publications of the Commission
Responding to inquiries and complaints in respect of the services of the Commission.
Handling the preliminary process of accreditation of Lawyers, Chartered Accountants, and Chartered Secretaries who are recognized professionals and direct users of the Companies Registry.
Types of services
Four(4) types of companies are recognized for business ventures in Nigeria, namely:
Private Limited Company (LTD)
Public Limited Company (PLC)
Companies limited by guarantee and
Unlimited Companies.
The minimum membership for each of these companies is two and the maximum for private companies is fifty members while there is no upper limit for public companies. A minimum share capital of ten thousand Naira is prescribed for private companies and five hundred thousand Naira for public companies with a minimum subscription of 25% of the shares.
See also
List of company registers
References
External links
Government agencies of Nigeria
Registrars of companies
The Eternity Man is a 2008 tele-film adaptation of the opera The Eternity Man by composer Jonathan Mills and librettist Dorothy Porter.
The film follows the life of Arthur Stace. The film was a co-production of ABC Television and Channel 4, and won a Rose d'Or.
References
External links
2008 television films
2008 films
Films based on operas
2000s English-language films
The second series of The Great British Sewing Bee started on 18 February and ended after eight episodes on 8 April 2014. Claudia Winkleman returned to present as well as resident judges May Martin and Patrick Grant. The series was filmed at Metropolitan Wharf in London.
Sewers
Results and elimination
Colour key
Sewer got through to the next round
Sewer was eliminated
Sewer won the best Garment of the week
Sewer was the series runner-up
Sewer was the series winner
Sewer withdrew
Episodes
Sewer eliminated Best Garment Winner Sewer withdrew from the Sewing bee
Episode 1
Cliff became ill and left the show, so no sewer was eliminated by the judges.
Episode 2: Pattern Week
Episode 3: Stretch Fabric Week
Episode 4: Children's Clothes
Episode 5: Tricky Fabrics Week
Episode 6: Vintage Week
Episode 7: Semifinal
Episode 8: Final
Reunion special
A reunion special with the series 2 contestants was broadcast in January 2015.
Ratings
All ratings are taken from BARB.
References
2014 British television seasons
The Great British Sewing Bee
For the 2000–01 season, Carlisle United F.C. competed in Football League Division Three.
Results & fixtures
English Third Division
English League Cup
FA Cup
Football League Trophy
References
11v11
Carlisle United F.C. seasons
William Lyons was a car manufacturer.
William Lyons may also refer to:
William Lyons (philosopher)
William L. Lyons (1857–1911), U.S. politician
William Henry Holmes Lyons (1843–1924), political leader in Northern Ireland
William J. Lyons Jr. (1921–2014), U.S. politician
William D. Lyons (1920-1971), American coal miner and politician
William John Lyons (born 1966), English Christian theologian
William "Billy" Lyons, murdered by Lee Shelton
Bill Lyons (born 1958), American baseball player
Bill Lyons (screenwriter) (born 1945), actor turned writer for Emmerdale
Will Lyons (born 1976), British business correspondent and wine columnist
Billy Red Lyons (1932–2009), Canadian professional wrestler
See also
William Lyon (disambiguation)
Lyons (surname)
The Bolzano process is a means to reduce magnesium to metallic form. "Dolomite-ferrosilicon briquettes are stacked on a special charge support system through which internal electric heating is conducted to the charge. A complete reaction takes 20 to 24 hours at 1,200 °C."
In 2014, Brazilian operations produced 10-15 kilotons of Mg by this process.
Also in 2014, Nevada Clean Magnesium announced its Tami-Mosi plan to create a ASTM B-92 pilot plant. The mineral resource is estimated at 412 billion tons of 12.3% grade Mg. The company produced its first ingot from a pilot plant in December 2018.
References
Metallurgy
Metallurgical processes
Smelting
Tsai Wen-yee () is a Taiwanese weightlifter. He won a Bronze medal in the 60 kg class at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
References
1956 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Taiwan
Weightlifters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Taiwan
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Taiwanese male weightlifters
Machadoella is a genus of parasitic alveolates in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Species in this genus infect species of the family Reduviidae.
History
This genus was created by Reichenow in 1935.
The type species - Machadoella spinigeri - was first described by Machado in 1913.
Taxonomy
Two species are currently recognised in this genus.
Lifecycle
The species in this genus develop in the Malphigian tubules of their host.
The trophozoites are worm like with longitudinal folds.
The schizonts are globular with multiple nuclei.
The gamonts are elongated and slightly swollen at the level of the nucleus.
Syzygy occurs at the anterior end of the gamonts.
The gametes are similar in size (isogamy).
The spores are fusiform (lemon shaped).
References
Apicomplexa genera
Pereked () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Rock Lawn is a historic house in Garrison, New York, United States. It was built in the mid-19th century from a design by architect Richard Upjohn. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with its carriage house, designed by Stanford White and built around 1880.
It is Upjohn's only house in the Italian villa style in the Hudson Highlands. Hamilton Fish II, a longtime member of the State Assembly and Putnam County's Republican Party chairman and de facto political boss, owned the house and lived there during the late 19th century; during that time sympathetic additions were made to the house by an unidentified architect. More recently it has been the home of Patty Hearst and her late husband Bernard Shaw. In the early 21st century it was renovated and remodeled.
Buildings and grounds
The house and carriage house are located on a lot in Garrison, an unincorporated hamlet of the town of Philipstown. It is located on Upper Station Road (County Route 14), approximately west of New York State Route 9D and east of the Hudson River, towards which the land slopes, then drops sharply, allowing a view across the river to the United States Military Academy at West Point, a National Historic Landmark. The landscape is largely cleared, with intermittent mature shade trees. Garrison's fire station is next door; a small Catholic church is across the road along with other large-lot houses. To the east and south are other residences.
Among the other buildings and structures in the area are others listed on the National Register. At the junction of Upper Station and NY 9D are the Arts and Crafts Garrison Union Free School with the Moore House behind it, and St. Philip's Church in the Highlands, also designed by Upjohn. Down the hill to the east at the riverside, the small Garrison Landing Historic District is across the railroad tracks, just north of the Garrison station on Metro-North Railroad's Hudson Line.
To the southeast, along Lower Station Road (County Route 12), is the Carpenter Gothic Wilson House. It completes the circuit back to NY 9D, at an intersection known as Garrison Four Corners, also the western terminus of short New York State Route 403. The Garrison Grist Mill Historic District occupies part of a local golf course, with the Mandeville House, a Dutch Colonial residence briefly remodeled by Upjohn, who lived there for the last years of his life. The Birches, an early work by Ralph Adams Cram, round out the collection of Register listings in that part of Garrison.
An iron fence runs along the north side of the property, next to the sidewalk along Upper Station. In its center a gated entrance allows access to a slightly meandering driveway that expands to a large carport nestling in the corner of the house's L-shaped footprint. A group of taller trees, including some newly planted silver lindens, set slightly back from the street and fence partially screen the house from the street; in the northwest corner these go all the way to the fence.
A small garden with elliptical walkway is located in front of the north facade of the house. To the east of the carport is a fenced-in modern kidney-shaped swimming pool with stone deck and inset whirlpool next to a rock outcrop that has been adapted to create a small waterfall flowing into the pool. South of it the driveway continues east to the carriage house, on its south side, then returns alongside the east fence to an auxiliary gate near the northeast corner. The south and west property lines are also fenced.
Main house
The house has a main block, a southern block, a wing connecting them and a garage wing on the east of the south block.
Main block
The main block is a two-story stucco-faced brick building with load-bearing walls on a stone foundation. Atop is a hip roof pierced by a single large stone chimney. On the west side a similar hip roof and chimney rise an additional story. At the southeast corner of the main block is a circular projecting bay with a conical roof.
The main entrance is located on a projecting bay in the center of the north (front) facade, forming a small pavilion. A small set of steps lead up to four-paneled wooden double doors with four-pane sidelights topped by a gently arched two-pane transom. It is topped by a sandstone beltcourse, which continues at the springline of the semicircular arches with radiating muntins atop the French windows on either side.
On the second story the fenestration consists of an arched six-over-one double-hung sash window flanked by two smaller and narrower versions. The side windows are arched one-over-one double-hung sash. The same sandstone course runs along the springlines and atop the arches.
The third story has a single round oculus framed in sandstone in the center of the projection's gabled roof. Underneath its broad eaves are fasciae, exposed rafters and returns. To the side are rectangular six-pane casement windows with sandstone lintels and sills.
The sandstone courses and arched windows continue on the western facade. South of the first bay on the first story, there is a semi-octagonal stone-faced projecting bay window with a wooden balustrade on top. Each facet has one single-pane window with a three-light transom. Double sliding glass doors open onto the balcony created by the balustrade. The bays on either side on both stories are set in arched one-over-one double-hung sash.
All three northern bays are on a projecting pavilion. To its south on the first story, double French doors, flanked by similar single doors, with three- and six-pane transoms open onto a set of stone steps. Above them there is a single arched one-over-one window near the southwest corner of the main block. A matching window on the east side is the only one on that entire facade.
Connecting wing
From the south elevation there projects a long wing. On its east it has a two-story semicircular stone portico with a shed roof. A flat roof on its east supported by four round wooden columns shelters a stone porch with steps and iron railings on either side. At the top is an arched double wooden door with ornate tracery inside a wooden surround. This is currently the house's main entrance.
Fenestration on the portico consists of two long windows on the first floor to either side of the entrance, with sandstone sills and lintels. On the second story the windows are round-arched with radiating muntins. The roof above them has broad overhanging eaves. To either side on both stories of the south wing are tripartite single-pane windows. Those on the first story have transoms with a single row of square panes.
On the west side the main block gives way to a stone-faced section centered on a two-story trapezoidal bay window, topped by a balustraded balcony accessed from a clerestory. The first story of the bay has a narrow French door at the top of stone steps flanked by two similar windows, all topped with a transom of three panes per window. On the facets and either side of the bay are similar single-pane windows with four-pane transoms.
The second story echoes the ground floor with four narrow, untransomed windows. The facets and north flanking windows follow this pattern, single panes like those below but without transoms. Below the south facet another balustrade springs, accessed by a door on the south flanking side.
The balcony connects to a projecting three-story engaged rectangular tower topped by a hipped roof pierced by a stone chimney, similar to the main block. Below the balcony, the first story has three French doors with sunburst-pattern transoms, also with stone steps. Two sandstone stringcourses also run around the tower. The upper one is the springline for the round arches on the third story's three narrow French doors that open onto a small balustraded balcony of their own.
At the end of the wing is a south block of roughly the same shape and size as the main block. The south facade is identically styled to the north facade of the main block. An area on its southwest has been fenced off for use as a dog run.
On the south block's west is an engaged two-and-a-half-story octagonal tower with gently pitched conical roof. Its first story has narrow French windows with radiating muntins in their round-arched transoms. They have sandstone sills and lintels; the latter with a stringcourse at their springline. Above them in each facet is a gently arched two-over-two double-hung sash window, with similar sills and lintels. The third story has the same sort of rectangular casement windows as the main block.
Garage wing
Extending from the south block's east facade is a garage wing. It is one and a half stories, topped by a cross-gabled hipped roof pierced by a single gabled dormer window on the east. The facade is stone below a water table on the first story and stucco above it.
Its north facade has five gently arched garage bays, all set with wooden doors topped by square-paned transoms and flanked by ornate metal lanterns. A stone apron is set in the pavement in front of the doors.
On the east facade a single four-paned casement window with sandstone lintel is set in the center of the first story. A sandstone stringcourse runs around the building just below the exposed rafters of the broad overhanging eaves; the central gable of the north facade is set with two narrow arched one-over-one double-hung sash topped by sandstone lintels. The east dormer has a similar window.
Carriage house
The carriage house is a one-and-a-half-story timber frame structure on a stone foundation. It is sided in shingles and topped by a similarly shingled gambrel roof, cross-gambreled at the eastern end. The western section, where the horses and carriages were kept, has one large garage bay with a projecting shed roof. On the north facade, a stone chimney with a narrow six-over-six double-hung sash window in the base separates it from the cross-gambreled main block.
Next to the chimney on the main block is the main entrance, a paneled wooden door with a gambrel hood supported by brackets. To its east are three small nine-pane square casement windows set just below the molded cornice that separates the first story from the roof. West of the main entrance is a single nine-over-nine double-hung sash near the corner with plain wooden surround.
Two more nine-over-nine double-hung sash are located near the corners of the first story's west facade. The west side has a centrally located secondary entrance. Next to it on the north are three more of the nine-pane casement windows.
On the upper level, both of the front gambrels have two more nine-over-nine sash windows. A Palladian window is set in the center of the west apex. The eastern side has a former entrance for loading hay on the south, with two more nine-over-nine double-hung sash to its north. In the center of the roof is an octagonal wooden cupola with louvered vents topped by a conical metal roof.
History
The main block of the house was built in 1853 for Henry Belcher, who owned the Garrison and West Point Ferry Company, which operated from nearby Garrison Landing to Highland Falls across the river. Both terminals were within view of the house. Richard Upjohn's Italianate design was his only use of the Italian villa house type in the Hudson Highlands.
In the later years of the century the house became the home of Hamilton Fish II, one of a long line of local political figures with that name. A lawyer and onetime member of the state assembly, eventually becoming that body's Speaker, he became chair of the Putnam County Republican Party and as such wielded considerable influence over state politics. During his time in the house the building's extensions and outbuildings were added. Around 1880, a young Stanford White designed the property's carriage house in the Shingle Style.
In the early 1980s the mansion was purchased by Patty Hearst and her former bodyguard and husband, Bernard Shaw. They lived there with their children through Shaw's death in 2013. At that time they had just completed an extensive restoration and renovation of the house which changed its exterior appearance.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Putnam County, New York
References
External links
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Italianate architecture in New York (state)
Colonial Revival architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1853
Houses in Putnam County, New York
Richard Upjohn buildings
Stanford White buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County, New York
Fish family
The meningeal (recurrent) branch of the mandibular nerve (nervus spinosus) is a branch of the mandibular nerve that supplies the dura mater.
Course
The meningeal branch of the mandibular nerve enters the skull through the foramen spinosum along with the middle meningeal artery.
It divides into two branches, anterior and posterior, which accompany the main divisions of the artery and supply the dura mater:
The posterior branch also supplies the mucous lining of the mastoid cells.
The anterior communicates with the meningeal branch of the maxillary nerve.
References
External links
Overview at tufts.edu
Mandibular nerve
Meninges
Korero Press is a London-based art book publisher. Its list of books mainly includes pop culture, street art, erotica and horror titles. It has published books by contemporary artists Ron English, Patrick J. Jones and Graham Humphreys. Korero Press distribute their books to traditional bricks and mortar bookshops, and sell directly from their website.
Korero Press accepts submissions for publication, but its focus is on lowbrow and pop surrealism, pop culture and art, in particular kustom kulture, illustration, erotica and horror.
The Korero Press website contains interviews with published artists, including Derek Yaniger, Emanuele Taglietti, Roberto Baldazzini, Jim Phillips, Patrick J. Jones and Ron English.
References
External links
Book publishing companies of the United Kingdom
Book publishing companies based in London
Companies with year of establishment missing
Publishing companies of the United Kingdom
Visual arts publishing companies
SNN News is a Swedish news-parody show starring Mikael Tornving as the news anchor. The show aired on TV4 October 18, 2013. Reporters are David Hellenius, Peter Magnusson, Anna Blomberg, Rachel Molin and Sissela Benn. In every report a celebrity is participating as guest-reporter.
Episodes
External links
TV4 (Sweden) original programming
2013 Swedish television series debuts
The Nuydi treasure (Azerbaijani: Nüydü dəfinəsi) is a hoard of ancient silver coins discovered near the village of Nuydi in the Agsu district of Azerbaijan. The treasure, consisting of 36 coins dated to the 2nd or 1st century BC, was discovered in grave No. 11 of the female in the Nuydi monument.
Discovery
The Nuydi treasure was discovered in 1972 during archaeological excavations.
The treasure was located at the feet of the buried woman in a small jar. The coins show a schematic human head on one side, while on the other side, a man holding a staff or spear in one hand and a bird (sometimes a goat) in the other. The coins were specially placed in the grave of the buried woman
There were two cultural layers found in Nuydi. The upper one was located 0.6-0.7 m from the level of the surface. The lower layer dates from the second half of the 3rd century BC to the middle of the 1st century BC. This one is characterized by such finds as vases, vessels with an elongated drain, large pots with two handles, local silver coins without inscriptions and bracelets The upper layer is characterized by small bowls, vessels and stone tools.
Being local, the coins were minted in imitation of the coins of Alexander the Great and the Seleucid Empire. These anonymous coins were found in other areas of Azerbaijan::Khynysly, Qabala and Yaloylutepe).
On the obverse of the drachms human head to profile in a diadem is depicted, and on the reverse side – the god of thunder Zeus sitting on a throne with an eagle and a scepter
Currently, the treasure is on display at the National Museum of History of Azerbaijan in Baku.
See also
Archaeology of Azerbaijan
References
Treasure troves of Azerbaijan
1972 archaeological discoveries
WNCC FM 104.1 is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to serve Franklin, North Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by Sutton Radiocasting Corporation, and features programming from ABC Radio and Jones Radio Network. Its main radio tower is located on Cowee Mountain, along with W267AD 101.3 and W285FD 104.9, and construction permits for W265AZ 100.9 and W262CE on 92.9.
W267AD and W285FD are listed as having WNCC as their primary station, and WNCC provided digital notification to the FCC, indicating that they are being used as a legal fiction for circumventing both local ownership caps and the rulemaking process of getting new stations on the air by simulcasting on WNCC's "HD Radio" digital subchannels. These supposed "broadcast translators" are instead intended to retransmit the main analog audio to areas blocked by the mountains, and are prohibited from carrying their own programming. W265AZ also shows WNCC as its primary station, but is still located atop Wayah Bald west of Franklin, and unlike the first two is not owned by Sutton. W262CE is owned by Sutton, but lists WFSC AM 1050 in Franklin as its primary station, and is currently at 100.3 on Black Rock Mountain in a state park near Clayton, Georgia (where it is outside of WFSC's broadcast range, which is not permitted by the FCC). W267AD has Cherokee, North Carolina as its city of license, the others are all Franklin. W262CE has an effective power of 130 watts, while all of the others (including WNCC itself) are at or very close to 115 watts at the same height, indicating that they all share a single radio antenna through a diplexer.
History
At one time, this station played adult contemporary music with the broadcast callsign WRFR. It became WNCC-FM in 1999, just WNCC in 2004, re-adding the suffix again in 2005 until removing it yet again in 2014.
Due to RF interference with several other nearby stations on the same frequency or adjacent frequencies, WNCC had applied to move to 104.1 MHz. The station was issued a license to operate on that frequency on April 21, 2016, having previously been on 96.7 with 6000 watts at below the average local terrain. In July 2016, it signed on a co-channel booster station WNCC-FM1, located immediately south of downtown Bryson City and transmitting 40 watts of effective radiated power.
References
External links
NCC
Erlanger Buildings is a historic loft building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It consists of a four-structure, turn-of-the-20th-century loft complex. The buildings range in size from two to six stories high and feature iron storefronts and stone detailing. They were built between 1892 and 1910. The buildings served as the home of the Erlanger Manufacturing Company, which produced BVD brand underwear. Charles Erlanger, co-founder of the company, is credited with making major advances in the design of underwear which revolutionized the industry.
The Erlanger Buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. They are included in the Baltimore National Heritage Area.
References
External links
, including photo from 1981, at Maryland Historical Trust
Buildings and structures in Baltimore
Downtown Baltimore
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Baltimore
Industrial buildings completed in 1910
Baltimore National Heritage Area
The Howland H-2 Honey Bee is an American homebuilt aircraft that was designed by Bert Howland and made available by Howland Aero Design in the form of plans for amateur construction, with kits provided by Aircraft Spruce & Specialty Co. The H-2 first flew in 1986.
Design and development
The H-2 is a single-seat, open cockpit biplane, with conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from aluminium and covered in doped aircraft fabric covering. The fuselage is made from square aluminum tubing that is TIG welded and weighs when completed. Its span wings are of a straight planform and both of equal span. The wings have seven foam wing ribs per wing panel and incorporate a D-cell front spar and a C-channel rear spar. The landing gear is conventional, with suspended main wheels and a steerable tailwheel. The H-2 has an open cockpit, with a small windshield. Controls are conventional three-axis, with ailerons, rudder and elevator. The standard design has two ailerons, with four optional.
Since the death of the designer plans have been intermittently available and were last provided by Classic Aero Enterprises. Aircraft Spruce and Specialty continue to provide raw materials kits.
The aircraft has an acceptable power range of and the Hirth 2706 of is the standard engine recommended. Installation of the Hirth F30, or an equivalent engine, along with an inverted fuel system, allows intermediate level competition aerobatics.
The plans consist of 40 engineering drawings and a booklet of construction notes. Estimated building time is 800 hours.
Variants
H-2
Base model with two ailerons and a Hirth 2706 engine
H-2A
Aerobatic competition model with four ailerons, inverted fuel system and a Hirth F30 engine
Specifications (H-2)
See also
References
External links
Photo of an H-2 in flight
1980s United States ultralight aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Evgeniya Andreevna Kosetskaya (; born 16 December 1994) is a Russian badminton player. She was the women's doubles silver medalist at the 2015 Baku European Games, and settled the women's singles bronze medal in 2019 Minsk. She competed at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Achievements
European Games
Women's singles
Women's doubles
European Championships
Women's singles
European Junior Championships
Girls' doubles
BWF World Tour (1 runner-up)
The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tour is divided into levels of World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Women's singles
BWF Grand Prix (1 title, 3 runners-up)
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
Women's singles
Women's doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series (14 titles, 6 runners-up)
Women's singles
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
Evgeniya Kosetskaya at www.baku2015.com
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chelyabinsk
Russian female badminton players
Badminton players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of Russia
Badminton players at the 2015 European Games
Badminton players at the 2019 European Games
European Games silver medalists for Russia
European Games bronze medalists for Russia
European Games medalists in badminton
Salvia harleyana is a subshrub that is endemic to the Serra do Cipó area in Minas Gerais state in Brazil. It grows in savanna and gallery forest at approximately elevation.
S. harleyana grows on erect stems, reaching tall, with petiolate leaves that are long. The terminal inflorescence is long, with a red corolla that is . The specific epithet honors botanist Raymond Harley, Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
Notes
harleyana
Flora of Brazil
Diamond is an unincorporated community in Harney County, Oregon, United States. Diamond is west of Oregon Route 205 and south of Malheur Lake, south-southeast of Burns by highway. Its post office is assigned ZIP code 97722.
History
Settled in 1874–75, the community got its name from a diamond-shaped branding iron used by a local cattle rancher on the Diamond Ranch. Diamond Craters, the Diamond post office, and other features in the vicinity took their name from the ranch, established in the area by the pioneer settler Mace McCoy. A post office was established at Diamond in 1887.
Another early settler, Minerva J. (Dolly) Kiger, is credited with applying the name of the ranch to the community in 1874. She also named Kiger Creek, which originates on Steens Mountain and enters Swamp Creek near Diamond, and she named two other nearby steams, Cucamonga Creek and McCoy Creek.
Geography
Diamond lies along Swamp Creek at the head of Diamond Valley, northwest of Steens Mountain in southeastern Oregon. Swamp Creek flows into Diamond Swamp, a short distance down the valley. The swamp is part of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. Diamond Lane, which runs generally east–west, links the community to Route 205 between Frenchglen to the south and Burns to the north.
Adjacent to the swamp on the east is Diamond Craters, about northwest of Diamond. This area of diverse basaltic features is protected as an Outstanding Natural Area, overseen by the Bureau of Land Management.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Diamond has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.
Education
The zoned K-8 school is Diamond Elementary School.
High school students are zoned to Crane Union High School, of Harney County Union High School District 1J.
Harney County is not in a community college district but has a "contract out of district" (COD) with Treasure Valley Community College. TVCC operates the Burns Outreach Center in Burns.
References
Unincorporated communities in Harney County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
Moses McClean (June 17, 1804 – September 30, 1870) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Moses McClean was born on his father William McLean's farm in Carroll's Tract ( near Gettysburg, Pennsylvania). He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1825, and commenced practice in Gettysburg.
McClean was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-ninth Congress and supported the declaration of war against Mexico during the Mexican–American War. After his term expired, he resumed the practice of law in Gettysburg. He returned to politics briefly as a conservative member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1855, representing the Know Nothing political movement. He continued the practice of law until his death in Gettysburg in 1870. During the Battle of Gettysburg in July 1863, his brick home on Baltimore Street was struck by an errant Union artillery shell, but McClean and his family were unharmed.
References
The Political Graveyard
History of Cumberland and Adams Counties, Pennsylvania. Chicago: Warner, Beers & Co., 1886.
1804 births
1870 deaths
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
People from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Know Nothings
Burials at Evergreen Cemetery (Adams County, Pennsylvania)
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
Human Smoke: The Beginnings of World War II, the End of Civilization is a 2008 book by Nicholson Baker about World War II. It questions the commonly held belief that the Allies wanted to avoid the war at all costs but were forced into action by Adolf Hitler's aggression. It consists largely of official government transcripts, newspaper articles, and other documents from the time, with Baker only occasionally interjecting commentary. Baker cites documents that suggest that the leaders of the United States and the United Kingdom were provoking Germany and Japan into war and had ulterior motives for participating. He dedicates the book to American and British pacifists of the time who, he states in the book's epilogue, were right all along: “They failed, but they were right.”
Reception
The book had many negative reviews. Historian Noel Malcolm described it as a "strangely childish book" and journalist William Grimes in The New York Times as a "self-important, hand-wringing, moral mess of a book." Christopher Hitchens accused Baker of ahistoricism and wrote that numerous passages in the book served as a reminder of how "fatuous the pacifist position can sound, or indeed can be." Louis Menand wrote that each of Baker's themes is a "legitimate matter of debate" but criticized the selective use of primary sources as a "tabloid technique" of emotional manipulation. Piers Brendon criticized the book for misleading the reader by taking quotations and details out of context. Time magazine's review was also critical of Baker's style: "facts, even tragic ones, require context and interpretation. They don't speak for themselves. That's why we need historians." British historian Dominic Sandbrook referred to the "mendaciousness, even fraudulence, of this extraordinarily self-righteous book" and contended that many of Baker's assertions, such as that Franklin Roosevelt conspired to provoke the Japanese into bombing Pearl Harbor, were not new and had been refuted long ago by scholarly historians. In a very harsh review, literary critic Adam Kirsch was especially critical of Baker's use of Nazi propaganda: "by reproducing Nazi language uncritically, Mr. Baker effectively endorses it. This is never more shocking than when he quotes Joseph Goebbels's description of Churchill.... A book that can adduce Goebbels as an authority in order to vilify Churchill has clearly lost touch with all moral and intellectual bearings. No one who knows about World War II will take Human Smoke at all seriously." Conservative political commentator R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr., awarded Human Smoke his J. Gordon Coogler Award for Worst Book of 2008.
Other reviewers praised the book's use of documentary research as well as its intricate construction. Irish novelist Colm Toibin wrote in his New York Times review that "the issues Baker wishes to raise, and the stark system he has used to dramatize his point, make his book a serious and conscientious contribution to the debate about pacifism." Tim Adams wrote a mixed review in The Guardian, stating, "What if we had all stood outside and waited for Hitler's raving to end and then gone on as before? It is a crucial question and one that has rarely been better articulated than in Human Smoke. But it invites an insistent supplementary, too: is it possible that by investing too much attention in detail, you always risk missing the bigger picture?" Pacifist Mark Kurlansky wrote for the Los Angeles Times that the book demonstrated that "World War II was one of the biggest, most carefully plotted lies in modern history" and that "people are going to get really angry at Baker for criticizing their favorite war. But he hasn't fashioned his tale from gossip. It is documented, with copious notes and attributions. The grace of these well-ordered snapshots is that there is no diatribe; you are left to put things together yourself. Human Smoke may be one of the most important books you will ever read."
References
2008 non-fiction books
Non-fiction books about war
Anti-war books
History books about World War II
Opposition to World War II
Fono is a rock band, originally from the United Kingdom but later based out of San Diego, California.
History
Fono formed under the name Seven (and originally from Milton Keynes), and released one album and one EP under this name; they also opened for a UK concert by Bon Jovi before changing their name to Fono in 1998. Lead singer Del Currie had previously played with Split Level and Tribe of Dan, and went on a year-long hiatus from songwriting and performing before putting the group together. The band has stated that the name "Fono" has no significance; in an interview, Currie said "It means absolutely nothing". Following the name change, the group was featured in Kerrang! magazine as one of their Best Unsigned Bands. Not long after, they did sign with a label, and the group released their debut full-length, Goesaroundcomesaround, in 1999. Album reviewers noted the album's American, as opposed to British, rock sound and the group's general appeal to audiences outside the world of Christian rock. In America, the group scored two Christian radio hits with the singles "Now She's 24" (No. 7, 1999) and "Drift Away" ( 16, 2000). They also toured with Robert Plant, The Goo Goo Dolls, Third Eye Blind, and Audio Adrenaline.
After the release of the album, the band relocated permanently to the United States, settling in San Diego, California in 2000. That year, a restructuring at their record label resulted in their becoming embroiled in a lawsuit which took over two years to resolve; during this time the band was prevented from recording any music. They then began recording a new album, but the studio where they were recording and all of their equipment and masters were destroyed in the Cedar Fire of 2003. The group re-recorded the material and independently released It's the Way That You Use It in 2004 and Too Broken to Break in 2007.
In 2010, vocalist Del Currie released a solo album under the name Zoo Seven.
Members
Current
Del Currie - vocals, guitar
Andy Ridley - drums
Cindy Cate - bass
Soren Engen - guitar
Former
Ian Crawford - bass (1996-)
Discography
As Seven
High And Wired (Blinding Music, 1996)
Burn EP (1997)
As Fono
Goesaroundcomesaround (KMG/Big Deal, 1999)
It's the Way That You Use It EP (2004)
Too Broken to Break (2007)
References
External links
British Christian rock groups
Christian rock groups from California
Musical groups established in 1996
Musical groups from San Diego
Duniya ( 'World') is a 2007 Indian Kannada-language film written and directed by Soori. It was successful with both critics and audience.
Plot
Shivlingu a.k.a. Shivu, an innocent villager who works as a manual laborer in stone quarry realizes that his mother is seriously ill. He gets his mother to Bangalore for treatment, but his mother dies and he is unable to arrange finances for her funeral. He manages to pay with the only ornament he had in order to carry out the funeral of his mother. With his inability to procure a tomb-stone for his mother's grave, Shivu leaves the city walking without any money, devastated.
While on his way he comes across a girl (Purnima) who is kidnapped and the abductors try to rape her. Shivu saves her and gets her to the orphanage where she is staying. The warden of the institute misunderstands the situation and believes that Purnima is in love with Shivu and had eloped with him. The warden asks the girl to leave the institution immediately.
Shivu wants to fulfill her wish to continue study and decides to support her education. But apart from a strong body he does not have any qualities to survive in this world. The circumstances make him work for the underworld. In the process his peers in the underworld have an eye on Purima, the love for Purnima makes Shivu to fight with mob leaders. In the process the kingpin is killed. Police wrongly believe that Shivu is responsible for the murders. Unable to see the suffering of Shivu at the hands of society, police, and the underworld, Purnima calls him to meet her outside the city. Without his knowledge, she gives him sweets laced with poison and she too consumes the same to end the chapter.
Cast
Vijay as Shivlingu or Shivu
Rashmi as Poornima
Rangayana Raghu as Satyanna
Kishore as ACP Umesh Kumar
Mico Nagaraj as Raghupathi
Vasudha Barighate
Mahesh
Lokesh as Praveen
Sai Sunil as Sappe
Prasanna as Petrol
Mithra
Yogesh as Maadha
Balu Nagendra
Kaddipudi chandru as Dopu
Anil
Raghava Uday
Ambujakshi
Madhugiri Prakash
Umesh Punga
Venkata Rao
Music
The soundtrack for Duniya has music composed by V. Manohar. Lyrics are by V. Nagendra Prasad, V. Manohar and Yograj Bhat.
Box-Office
It has completed 150-days and became commercially successful at the boxoffce.
Awards
2006–2007: Karnataka State Film Awards
Best Actor: Vijay
Best Screenplay: Soori
Best Supporting Actor: Rangayana Raghu
Best Female Playback Singer: M. D. Pallavi Arun
References
External links
Review
Duniya, web site
'Mungaru Male' & 'Duniya' sweep State Awards IndiaGlitz, 23 July 2007.
2007 films
Films scored by V. Manohar
Indian crime drama films
Indian gangster films
2007 crime drama films
Films about organised crime in India
Films set in Bangalore
Films shot in Bangalore
Films directed by Duniya Soori
2007 directorial debut films
2000s Kannada-language films
Scheinfeld is a town in the Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 14 km northwest of Neustadt (Aisch), and 40 km east of Würzburg. Schloss Schwarzenberg is adjacent to the town. The town is home to an Adidas testing factory.
From 1946 to 1949 a displaced persons camp was in operation at Scheinfeld. About 1,500 Lithuanians were brought there from the Regensburg camp. The camp was a center of Lithuanian culture and also had a short lived community currency.
References
External links
Official town website
Website with information on the Lithuanian refugees
Gallery
Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim
Schwarzenberg family
Alcott House in Ham, Surrey (now in the London Borough of Richmond upon the Thames), was the home of a utopian spiritual community and progressive school which lasted from 1838 to 1848. Supporters of Alcott House, or the Concordium, were a key group involved in the formation of the Vegetarian Society in 1847.
History and ideology
The prime mover behind the community was "sacred socialist" and mystic James Pierrepont Greaves, who was influenced by American transcendentalist Amos Bronson Alcott, and Swiss educational reformer Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi. Together with his followers, who included Charles Lane – and with the help of wealthy sponsors, Sophia and Georgiana Chichester – he founded Alcott House on Ham Common in Surrey in 1838. The Ham Common Concordium, as it came to be known, consisted of a working mixed cooperative community and a progressive school for children.
The community was dedicated to a regime of spiritual development and purification – in the words of Greaves, aiming to produce the "most loveful, intelligent and efficient conditions for divine progress in humanity". To this end the members submitted to an austere regime of early rising, strict vegetarianism (usually raw food), no stimulants, celibacy, and simple living, and experimented with various practices such as astrology, hydrotherapy, mesmerism and phrenology. The men grew their hair and beards long and wore loose-fitting clothes, while the women defied convention by not wearing the traditional, restrictive corset.
Alcott House school was open to children from both inside and outside the community – the latter usually from radical parents who sympathised with its progressive educational stance. The curriculum emphasised moral education and the development of the child's innate spiritual gifts, teaching practical skills such as gardening and cookery as well as book learning. Punishment was frowned upon and education aimed to produce "integral men and women", able to live in a truly cooperative society and not simply playing traditional roles.
In 1848, the community came to an end and the house was purchased by John Minter Morgan to provide an orphanage, though still run along vegetarian lines.
In 1856 the foundation stone was laid of a new building on the site, South Lodge, which exists to this day. South Lodge has been converted to flats and the grounds have been developed as Bishops Close.
See also
Fruitlands
References
Sources
The New Age, and Concordium Gazette (pub. W. Strange, 1845), the journal of the Ham Common Concordium
Further reading
– especially chapter 11.
19th century in England
1838 establishments in England
1848 disestablishments in England
Intentional communities in the United Kingdom
Defunct schools in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
Educational institutions disestablished in 1848
Educational institutions established in 1838
Former houses in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
Ham, London
History of the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
Utopian communities
Veganism
Vegetarian communities
Vegetarianism in the United Kingdom
Fort des Épinettes was a trading post or posts on the Assiniboine River from 1768 to 1811. It was also called Pine Fort and is not to be confused with Pine Island Fort. It was the first post on the Assiniboine and was closely associated with Brandon House/Fort Assiniboine/Fort La Souris 18 miles to the west. For background see Assiniboine River fur trade.
1. 1768-1781, Pedlar: Thomas Correy, Forrest Oakes and Charles Boyer independent traders from Montreal established the first Pine Fort probably in 1768. It met resistance from the local Assiniboines who wanted to preserve their middleman status in the trade to the west and south. Following a devastating smallpox epidemic which struck down many of the native people and some of the traders it was abandoned in 1781. One old source says it was called Assiniboine House
2. 1785-1794,NWC: The second post was established by the North West Company about three quarters of a mile upstream. Because it was near the head of easy navigation and in the buffalo country which provided pemmican it became a major depot for the trade in the Assiniboine area. In 1790 Peter Pond noted that there was trade with the Mandans who were twelve days away on horseback. In 1794 it was threatened by a group of 600 Sioux. The master, one of the McKays, bought them off with 200 made beaver worth of trade goods. In 1794 the post was closed in preference to the new NWC post of Fort Assiniboine#1.
3. 1807-1811,NWC: In 1807 Fort Assiniboine#1 was torn down and its parts rafted downriver to the old Fort des Épinettes site. In 1811 it was closed and moved upriver to Fort la Souris#2.
Location
It was located on a horseshoe bend of the Assiniboine, east of the mouth of Épinette Creek, on a high level plain 75 feet above the river. There was a good supply of birchbark and watap for canoe-building but few large trees for construction. Archaeological work was done in 1971-74. It was on an oxbow lake that was cut off in 1979. In 1890 Joseph Tyrrell found that much of it had been washed away by the river. This is in Spruce Woods Provincial Park. The Manitoba Historical Society article (references) puts it about a mile northwest of where Manitoba Highway 5 crosses the river.
References
Elizabeth Browne Losey, "Let Them be Remembered: The Story of the Fur Trade Forts,1999, page 195-199
Carberry, Manitoba website:
Manitoba Historical Society:
North West Company forts
Pedlars (fur trade)
des Epinettes
1768 establishments in North America
1811 disestablishments in North America
Mount Druitt Waterworks was a water park in Mount Druitt, New South Wales, Australia. It was opened in 1981 and initially was very successful, however in later years costly upgrades and declining sales forced the park to close in 1994. It was operated jointly with the Manly Waterworks (1981) which remains open, and Cairns Waterworks (1980). It was located at Stout Road, Mount Druitt, near the foot bridge on the northern side of the railway lines.
During the 1980s the television slogan was "the Waterworks will get you in the mood".
Attractions
Six Waterslides
A 'beach' pool
Bumper boats, later replaced by Go-Karts
White water rapids
The "Skydive" slippery dip (opened in 1988)
See also
Manly Waterworks
References
Defunct amusement parks in Australia
Water parks in New South Wales
1981 establishments in Australia
1991 disestablishments in Australia
Mount Druitt
As a songwriter, Josh Skinners work has appeared on several international projects. He co-wrote an album with Swedish pop star Sara Lumholdt (A-teens) and several English/Spanish songs for actress/singer Alessandra Rosaldo ("Instructions Not Included"). “Por Tu Amor” and “Eres” were used in Rosaldo's international hit telenovela "Ni contigo ni sin ti" (115 episodes) and as the theme of her televised wedding to Spanish actor Eugenio Derbez in Mexico City (July 2012). Skinner co-wrote Kimberley Locke's "Sirens" with Locke and Producer Russell Ali. He also co-wrote Locke's "Endless Possibilities," which debuted at the 2013 Writers & Illustrators of the Future Awards. Skinner spent 9 weeks on the Billboard charts with Sir Ivan‘s dance hit, “La La Land.” The song also reached #10 on the UK Music Week's Upfront Club Chart and Top 20 on the DJ Times National Crossover Pool Chart.
Skinner debuted "Living Off the Page" and "Off the Ground" at the Writers & Illustrators of the Future Awards at the historic Wilshire Ebell Theater in Los Angeles (April 2014). Drew Seeley performed "Living Off the Page" with Cassie Simone. "Off the Ground" was performed solo by Seeley.
Skinner has a project with Dave Koz and there's speculation that Hollywood Records will release a song he co-wrote with producer Brandon Slavinski for Disney Channel star Ross Lynch (Austin and Ally). Lynch's brothers, Rocky Lynch and Riker Lynch of R5 have also tweeted about working with Skinner and Slavinski.
Withjosh.com is an internet series where Skinner interviews various people who've made their mark in pop culture. Some interviews include Kris Jenner, Sherri Shepherd, American Idol Winner Kris Allen, Lt. Dan Choi, CNN's Don Lemon and the final interview with the late Eleanor Mondale.
In Fall of 2012, Skinner hosted the daytime talk show “Good Morning 90210″ with Raylene Bartolacci on the FilmOn Network.
Other television appearances include "Live Like a Star" and "On-Air with Ryan Seacrest" (Fox). He produced and costarred in the short film "Rules of the Game" with Oscar nominee Bruce Davison, and played a supporting role in the feature film "Confession" starring Chris Pine.
Skinner is also an ordained minister and performed his first wedding on the Style Network's "Weddings Altered." In April 2013, Skinner officiated the wedding of Drew Seeley and Amy Paffrath in Key West, Florida. He also officiated the wedding of music producer Russell Ali and Emma Bing, the inspiration for the pregnancy bible "What to Expect When You're Expecting."
Filmography
Good Morning 90210 "co-host" (15 episodes, 2012)
Cinemania (1 episode, "The Day the Earth Stood Still", 2008) played "Contestant/self"
Confession (2005) played "Ricky"
Knock First (1 episode, "Celebrity Edition: Kimberley Locke", 2005) played "Himself"
Live Like a Star (1 episode, "Idol-ization", 2004) played "Himself" (1 episode, 2004)
Rules of the Game (2003) played "Wayne/Clerk" (also credited as associate producer)
Stuck (2003) played "Shakespeare teacher"
The Color of War (1 episode, "Price of War", 2001) played "Carl Peterson"
Who Knows the Band? (1 episode, 2001) played "Lance Bass' Friend"
Fantasy Island (1 episode, "Secret Self", 1998) played "Talk Show Troubled Teen"
The Byrds of Paradise'' (1 episode, "This Band Is My Band", 1994) played "Franny's Friend"
Music
2008: "First" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2008: "Mr. Right Now" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2008: "Kiss Me Goodbye" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2008: "Where Does the Love Go" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2008: "OMG" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2008: "Another Song About You" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2008: "Back to You" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2008: "Baby, Throw it Down" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2008: "Not Even a Man" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2008: "Grasp" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2008: "Addicting Love" - Sara Lumholdt (co-writer)
2009: "Learn to Love" - Eddie Kaulukukui (co-writer)
2009: "Journey of a Broken Heart" - Eddie Kaulukukui (co-writer)
2009: "One Voice" - Eddie Kaulukukui (co-writer)
2009: "Fallen Angel" - Eddie Kaulukukui (co-writer)
2009: "Coming Home" - Eddie Kaulukukui (co-writer)
2010: "Breathless" - Alessandra Rosaldo (co-writer)
2010: "Eres" - Alessandra Rosaldo (co-writer)
2010: "Did You Lie" - Alessandra Rosaldo (co-writer)
2010: "No Diga Mas" - Alessandra Rosaldo (co-writer)
2010: "You Told Me" - Alessandra Rosaldo (co-writer)
2010: "Good Morning, Goodbye" - Alessandra Rosaldo (co-writer)
2010: "Holding On" - Alessandra Rosaldo (co-writer)
2010: "Por tu Amor" - Alessandra Rosaldo (co-writer)
2011: "Sirens (featuring Sev Sanders)" - Kimberley Locke (co-writer)
2011: "Sirens" (radio edit) - Kimberley Locke (co-writer)
2012: "La La Land" - Sir Ivan (co-writer)
2013: "Endless Possibilities" - Kimberley Locke (co-writer)
2014: "Living Off the Page" - performed by Drew Seeley and Cassie Simone
2014: "Off the Ground" - performed by Drew Seeley
References
External links
Official site
Official Twitter
Living people
Male actors from Los Angeles
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Songwriters from California
The Skogbrukets Landsforening (, SL) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
It was established in 1928 under the name Skogbrukets Arbeidsgiverforening.
The current Director General is Haavard Elstrand. Chairman of the board is Gudbrand Kvaal.
References
External links
Official site
Employers' organisations in Norway
1928 establishments in Norway
Organizations established in 1928
Ivanovka () is a rural locality (a village) in Novoursayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 11 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Ivanovka is located 47 km west of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nagaybakovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Yesterday is a British free-to-air history-oriented television channel broadcasting in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It launched on 30 October 2002 as UK History and relaunched in its current format on 2 March 2009. It is available on satellite through Sky, Freesat and through the digital terrestrial provider Freeview. Hours on Freeview had previously been cut, with transmissions finishing at 6 pm, but were restored on 1 June 2010.
History
The channel originally launched on 30 October 2002 as UK History, a channel for the network's historic documentaries. These were previously found on the channel UK Horizons; however, the launch of UK History allowed the channel to broadcast more programmes in their schedule. The majority of programming on the channel is sourced from the BBC programme archive, through the ownership of the channel by BBC Studios. The launch of the channel also coincided with the launch of the new digital terrestrial provider Freeview, following the collapse of the former provider ITV Digital. The service remained unchanged until 8 March 2004, when the channel changed its name in line with the rest of the UKTV network to UKTV History.
The channel was available full-time on all platforms until 15 October 2007 when the hours were reduced on the Freeview platform, resulting in the channel stopping broadcasting at 6 pm each day. This was a result of the launch of Dave, which took over UKTV History broadcast capacity. UKTV History took over the slot used by the unsuccessful UKTV Bright Ideas that was sharing a slot with Virgin1 and Babestation. The channel's inability to broadcast in prime time on Freeview resulted in a ratings drop. In November 2007, the channel had a 0.3 percent share of all television viewing, compared to 0.5 percent a year earlier. This restriction remained until 1 June 2010, when broadcast time was extended until 1 am each day, following the closure of the Virgin1 +1 channel on Freeview. As a result, the channel can now broadcast fully from 6 am to 1 am daily.
At launch, the channel was originally on channel 12 on Freeview, but moved to channel 19 on 19 September 2012, swapping with sister channel Dave. On 10 June 2019, Yesterday moved to channel 25 on Freeview, a space previously occupied by its former sister channel Home, which Discovery, Inc. acquired along with Good Food and Really as part of a deal with its current owner BBC Studios. On 4 November 2020, the channel moved to channel 26 as part of a move up where every channel from channel 24 to 54 on the platform moved up one place to allow BBC Four to move to channel 24 in Scotland due to new Ofcom rules regarding certain PSB channels requiring greater prominence on EPGs.
As part of a network wide programme of relaunching all the UKTV channels under unique names and brands, the channel was renamed as Yesterday on 2 March 2009. The new channel also took on extra programming including fictional historic series and programmes previously broadcast on UKTV Documentary concerning the natural history of the British Isles.
Since 24 July 2012, Yesterday offers more entertainment-led content along with a design refresh, which includes a new logo and idents, in order to attract a wider and younger audience, along with a new slogan, "Entertainment Inspired By History". For example, the channel has broadcast more repeats of situation comedies, such as Last of the Summer Wine or Butterflies.
In late 2014, Yesterday began slowly decreasing the amount of comedy and drama shown on the channel and branching out into more factual content, with notable additions including natural history, science and engineering alongside the classic slate of history programming.
On 8 December 2015, Yesterday became available on Freesat together with two of its UKTV sister channels Drama and former sister channel, Really.
On 8 July 2022, test transmissions for the HD feed of Yesterday commenced, using the frequency 12226 H 27500 2/3 DVB-S2 8PSK. A month later, on 8 August 2022, Yesterday's HD feed officially launched on Sky Q and Sky HD channel 155 where it replaced the standard definition feed on the EPG.
Timeshift
The channel also operates a time shift channel called Yesterday +1 (which was previously called UKTV History +1 before UKTV rebranded their channels), that is available on Sky, Virgin Media, and Freeview. The channel broadcasts the Yesterday schedule one hour later than the main channel, but contains no special programming or branding, with the occasional exception of a different DOG. Yesterday +1 launched on Freeview channel 99 on 22 November 2018 but was removed on 16 January 2019. It returned on Freeview on channel 75 on 15 April 2020, with the channel moving up one slot, next to UKTV's newly acquired sister channel CCXTV, on 7 December 2020 (though channel 74 is only currently used for two hours of teleshopping a night rather than broadcasting any of Yesterday's programmes).
Logo history
Programming
The majority of the channel's programmes are sourced from the BBC programme archives; however, some are bought in from other terrestrial stations and some productions are commissioned by UKTV themselves. Programmes previously shown on terrestrial channels like BBC One, Two and Four are usually edited for timing, to accommodate the current three commercial breaks within each hour-long programme. The most obvious example of this is for programmes originally broadcast on the BBC, as material lasting 58 minutes will be edited down to 42 minutes when shown on Yesterday. Some of Yesterday's notable programmes include:
UKTV/Yesterday Originals
Abandoned Engineering
Bangers and Cash
Bangers & Cash: Restoring Classics (a spin-off series featuring Derek, Paul and Dave Mathewson)
Great British Landmark Fixers
Hornby: A Model World
Railway Murders
Restoration Workshop
Secrets of the London Underground
The Architecture the Railways Built
True Evil: The Making of a Nazi
War Factories
Programmes from the BBC and other broadcasters
'Allo 'Allo!
Antiques Roadshow
Auf Wiedersehen, Pet
Bargain Hunt
Battleplan
Cash in the Attic
Celebrity Antiques Road Trip
Charles Darwin and the Tree of Life
Chemistry: A Volatile History
Coast
The Dark Ages: An Age of Light
David Attenborough's Life Collection
Fawlty Towers: Re-Opened
Find My Past
Genius of Britain
Goodnight Sweetheart
Great British Railway Journeys
Keeping Up Appearances
Life in Cold Blood
Museum Secrets
Ocean Giants
The Queen's Sister
The Re-Inventors
[[Secret History (TV series)|Secret History]] The Secret Life Of... Secrets of War Shock and Awe: The Story of Electricity The Sixties: The Beatles Decade Stonewall Uprising Open All Hours The Two Ronnies Porridge Time Team To the Manor Born Top Gear Treasure Detectives Walking Through History Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads? Wild Canada Wonders of the Solar System Wonders of the Universe The World at War Yes, Prime MinisterPrevious
10 Things You Don't Know About Above and Beyond Africa All Creatures Great and Small Ancient Rome: The Rise and Fall of an Empire Andrew Marr's History of the World Animal House Atlantis: End of a World, Birth of a Legend Attenborough and the Giant Egg Auschwitz: The Nazis and 'The Final Solution' Australia with Simon Reeve Ballykissangel Bergerac The Best of Men Birdsong Blackadder The Blue Planet Bottom Boom Bang-a-Bang: 50 Years of Eurovision Brave New World with Stephen Hawking Brazil with Michael Palin The Challenger Disaster Countryfile The Country House Revealed The Courageous Heart of Irena Sendler David Attenborough's Natural Curiosities The Diamond Queen Dickinson's Real Deal Digging for Britain dinnerladies Earth: The Power of the Planet Edwardian Farm Egypt Empire Flog It! Frozen Planet Galápagos Ganges
Great Barrier Reef
Great British Ghosts
The Great British Story: A People's History
The Green Green Grass Hattie Have I Got News for You Hidden Kingdoms History Cold Case Hitler: The Rise of Evil Human Planet Ice Age Giants Inside Nature's Giants Island at War Japan: Earth's Enchanted Islands Jeeves and Wooster Kenneth Williams: Fantabulosa! King George and Queen Mary Krakatoa: The Last Days Land Girls The Last Day of World War One Last of the Summer Wine Life Life in the Undergrowth The Life of Birds The Life of Mammals Life on Earth Life on Fire The Lost Gods of Easter Island Lost Land of the Jaguar Lost Land of the Tiger Lost Land of the Volcano Lovejoy Madagascar Meet the Romans with Mary Beard Michael Wood's Story of England Miss Marple Mountain Gorilla Mummies Alive Museum of Life Mysteries at the Museum Nature's Great Events The Nazis: A Warning from History New Tricks Nuremberg Oceans The Old Grey Whistle Test: 70s Gold Only Fools and Horses Oz and Hugh Drink to Christmas Oz and James Drink to Britain Parade's End Planet Earth The Planets The Private Life of Plants The Queen's Palaces Rise of the Continents The Royle Family Sharpe The Sixties Steptoe and Son Tenko One Foot in the Grave The Thin Blue Line Timewatch
Timothy Spall: ...at Sea
Top of the Pops
TOWN with Nicholas Crane Treasures of Ancient Rome Victorian Farm
Vikings
Waiting For God The War Wartime Farm
Wild Africa Wild Arabia Wild Caribbean Wild China Wild Colombia with Nigel Marven Who Do You Think You Are? Wonders of Life Yellowstone''
See also
UKTV
Television in the United Kingdom
References
External links
UK History at TVARK
Yesterday at TVARK
Television channels and stations established in 2002
UKTV
UKTV channels
2002 establishments in the United Kingdom
Anna Kotchneva () (born January 25, 1970) is a former Soviet rhythmic gymnast.
Career
Kotchneva is the 1987 World Champion in clubs, (tied with Bianka Panova), the 1987 World bronze medalist in the hoop, and the 1987 World co-bronze medalist in the rope with Marina Lobatch.
Kotchneva is married to former artistic gymnast and Olympic gold medallist, Valeri Liukin. Their daughter, Nastia Liukin, is a retired United States artistic gymnast who won 5 medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, including the all-around gold.
References
External links
1987 World Championships Results
1970 births
Living people
Soviet rhythmic gymnasts
Russian emigrants to the United States
Liukin family
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships
Gymnasts from Moscow
People from Parker, Texas
People with acquired American citizenship
David Kristol (born 1938) is an Emeritus Professor at New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT). He created the Biomedical Engineering department at NJIT, but he spent most of his career working as a chemistry professor.
References
2. https://web.archive.org/web/20110803235529/http://biomedical.njit.edu/people/kristol.php
See Also
List of computer science publications by David M. Kristol on the dblp computer science bibliography
1938 births
Living people
New Jersey Institute of Technology faculty
Alaiyadikkuthu () is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language thriller film written and directed by Kalimuthu and starring Sindhu Tolani, Naveen Dhanush and Akhil Kumar. It was released on 10 August 2005.
Cast
Sindhu Tolani as Brindha
Naveen Dhanush
Akhil Kumar
Yugendran
Anand
Kazan Khan
Venniradai Moorthy
Ghilli Sekhar
Minnal Lakshmanan
Neha Tolani
Prabha Reddy
Vijayan
Rami Reddy
Kovai Senthil
Production
Sindhu Tolani turned down offers to star in Telugu films to work on Alaiyadikkuthu after being impressed by the story. Sindhu's sister, Neha Tolani, was also cast in a role, as was debutant Prabha Reddy. Naveen Dhanush and Aari Arujunan made their acting debuts in the film, with the latter appearing under the name of Akhil Kumar.
Prior to release, it was reported that the film was partially based on the Kanchi Shankaracharyas controversy. In June 2005, director K. Rajan chose to shelve his biopic of Sivakasi Jayalakshmi titled Niram Maraiya Rojakal starring Vindhya, after he felt it was quite similar to Alaiyadikkuthu.
Reception
The film was released on 10 August 2005 across Tamil Nadu. A critic from Sify gave the film a negative review, adding that "Sindhu Tolani as the female crusader and vigilante is adequate though she has to improve in emotional scenes" and that the film "needed more sensitive treatment". A critic from NowRunning.com wrote "though the movie is realistic, relevant and to some extent revitalizing, it misses on a point that you do not feel or sympathize for the pains suffered by victims of lascivious men". A reviewer from BizHat noted the film was "screeching, hysterical and distasteful".
In September 2006, Kalimuthu announced a follow-up venture titled Minnaladikkuthu () starring Namitha in the lead role, with the same producers. However, the film eventually did not have a theatrical release.
References
External links
2005 films
2005 drama films
Indian drama films
2000s Tamil-language films
2000s feminist films
Films about women in India
Richard H. Minear (; born 1938) is a retired Professor of History at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He taught a survey course of Japanese history and a Hiroshima seminar. Minear got his Ph.D. from Harvard in 1968. He is best known for his book about the Tokyo War Crimes Trials, Victors' Justice, He has lived in Japan for many years and translated Japanese works into English (including Requiem for Battleship Yamato, Hiroshima: Three Witnesses, Black Eggs and Japan's Past, Japan's Future: One Historian's Odyssey).
In 1999, following a tip off from a student, Minear discovered a cache of wartime cartoons by Dr. Seuss, which he then published.
Writings
He is the author of the following books (partial list of those most widely held):
Minear, Richard H. Victors' Justice; The Tokyo War Crimes Trial. Princeton, N.J.: Princeton University Press, 1971, and 7 subsequent editions.
Translated into Japanese as: Minear, Richard H., and Nisuke Andō. Tōkyō Saiban: shōsha no sabaki. 東京裁判 : 勝者の裁き Tōkyō: Fukumura Shuppan, 1985.
Minear, Richard H., Theodor Seuss Geisel, and Art Spiegelman. Dr. Seuss Goes to War: The World War II Editorial Cartoons of Theodor Seuss Geisel. New York: New Press, 1999, and 5 subsequent editions. (held in over 1100 libraries, according to WorldCat)
Minear, Richard H. Japanese Tradition and Western Law: Emperor, State, and Law in the Thought of Hozumi Yatsuka. Harvard East Asian series, 48. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press, 1970.
Translated into Japanese as Minear, Richard H. Seiyō Hōshisō No Keiju. 西洋法思想の継受 : 穗積八束の思想史的考察 Tokyo: Translation rights arranged through Charles E. Tuttle Co, 1971.
Gage, Richard L., and Richard H. Minear. Women against War. Tokyo: Kodansha International, 1986.
War and Conscience in Japan: Nambara Shigeru and the Asia-Pacific War. Rowman & Littlefield Pub Inc, 2010 / 東京大学出版会, 2011. 南原繁 歌集『形相』から百首を日英両語で刊
and the children's book
Minear, Richard H. Through Japanese Eyes. New York: Praeger, 1974. OCLC 804861
References
External links
Official web page at U. Mass.
Living people
Harvard University alumni
University of Massachusetts Amherst faculty
Historians of Japan
Year of birth missing (living people)
Barrow County Schools is a public school district based in Winder, Georgia, United States, serving Barrow County.
Schools
Elementary schools
Auburn Elementary
Bethlehem Elementary
Bramlett Elementary
County Line Elementary
Holsenbeck Elementary
Kennedy Elementary
Statham Elementary
Yargo Elementary
Winder Elementary
Middle schools
Bear-Creek Middle School
Haymon-Morris Middle School
Russell Middle School
Westside Middle School
Winder-Barrow Middle School (closed 2013)
High school
Apalachee High School
Winder-Barrow High School
Learning Centers
Snodon Preparatory School (now closed and replaced with Foothills Charter High School. Kids who attended are divided between AHS, WBHS, and Foothills Charter.)
Sims Academy of Innovation & Technology
Barrow Arts & Sciences Academy (opened at the start of the 2020 - 2021 school year)
References
External links
School districts in Georgia (U.S. state)
Education in Barrow County, Georgia
The Visayan babbler (Sterrhoptilus nigrocapitatus), formerly conspecific with the Calabarzon babbler, is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the Philippines. It is found on Samar, Leyte and Bohol.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Visayan babbler
Visayan babbler
Taxa named by Joseph Beal Steere
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The following events occurred in November 1934:
November 1, 1934 (Thursday)
Winston Churchill warned Britain that Germany was re-arming "secretly, illegally and rapidly." He expressed astonishment at the government's attitude "when we consider the character of the present German government, the rapidly darkening European scene, and the obligations which ministers repeatedly are declaring we have in Europe."
Born: Umberto Agnelli, Swiss-born Italian industrialist and politician, in Lausanne (d. 2004)
November 2, 1934 (Friday)
The League of Nations defused a potential war between Colombia and Peru over the disputed Leticia region.
A team of American baseball stars including Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig arrived in Japan to begin a tour of exhibition games against Asian teams. Over the next five weeks the American stars would play games in Japan, China and the Philippines.
Born: Ken Rosewall, tennis player, in Sydney, Australia
Died: Edmond James de Rothschild, 89, French member of the Rothschild banking family
November 3, 1934 (Saturday)
Charles Kingsford Smith concluded the first eastward air crossing of the Pacific Ocean (from his native Brisbane) with the first eastward flight from Hawaii to North America, landing his Lockheed Altair Lady Southern Cross in San Francisco.
Hermann Göring urged Germany's hunters to donate one week's bag of game to the Winterhilfswerk program.
Died: Sir Robert McAlpine, 87, British builder and businessman
November 4, 1934 (Sunday)
The first-ever match of India's Ranji Trophy cricket tournament was held between Madras and Mysore at Chepauk.
Died: Waldemar Kophamel, 54, German U-boat commander
November 5, 1934 (Monday)
Carl Friedrich Goerdeler was appointed Price Commissioner of Nazi Germany in response to complaints of price gouging.
November 6, 1934 (Tuesday)
Attempted exclusion of Egon Kisch from Australia: The Austrian-Czechoslovak Jewish communist Egon Erwin Kisch arrived in Fremantle, Western Australia aboard the RMS Strathaird but was refused entry as an "undesirable". Kisch was allowed to remain in the ship and travel on to Melbourne.
The United States midterm elections were held. The incumbent Democratic Party increased its seat count in the House of Representatives.
Born: Barton Myers, architect, in Norfolk, Virginia
November 7, 1934 (Wednesday)
The engagement of Infanta Beatriz of Spain and Alessandro Torlonia, 5th Prince of Civitella-Cesi was announced.
The Southern Rhodesian general election was held. The new United Party led by Godfrey Huggins won 24 out of 30 seats.
Born: Jackie Joseph, actress, in Los Angeles
November 8, 1934 (Thursday)
Pierre-Étienne Flandin succeeded Gaston Doumergue as Prime Minister of France.
November 9, 1934 (Friday)
Australian Attorney-General Robert Menzies said that Egon Kisch would not be allowed into the country, explaining that the Commonwealth had the right to protect itself from revolutionaries.
Lord Chief Justice Hewart dismissed contempt of court charges against four London newspapers. They were accused of prejudicing a fair trial for four Fascists charged with assault and breaching the peace by reporting that they wore brass knuckles in court.
Born: S. Henry Cho, taekwondo instructor, in Korea (d. 2012); Carl Sagan, astronomer and science communicator, in Brooklyn, New York (d. 1996)
November 10, 1934 (Saturday)
College football star Abe Mickal was made a Louisiana State Senator in a special meeting convened by Huey Long, who arranged for the appointment in order to mock Governor Oscar K. Allen's failure to set an election to fill the vacancy left by Jared Y. Sanders, Sr.
Born: Norm Cash, baseball player, in Justiceburg, Texas (d. 1986); Joanna Moore, actress, in Parrott, Georgia (d. 1997)
Died: Ion Farris, 56, American politician and attorney
November 11, 1934 (Sunday)
Bolivia held a general election, although the results were later nullified.
The Shrine of Remembrance in Melbourne, Australia was officially dedicated.
November 12, 1934 (Monday)
The German cruiser was launched.
Abe Mickal declined to take his seat as a Louisiana senator. "Our good friend Abe needed to stay in his dormitory and study", Huey Long explained.
The Strathaird arrived in Melbourne where Egon Kisch was greeted by numerous supporters, whom he acknowledged from the deck by raising his fist.
Born: Charles Manson, cult leader and criminal, in Cincinnati, Ohio (d. 2017)
November 13, 1934 (Tuesday)
The 10 millionth Chevrolet was produced. It was donated to the city of Flint, Michigan for police safety patrol duties.
Ralph Bowman of the St. Louis Eagles scored the first penalty shot goal in NHL history. It was also the first goal of Bowman's NHL career.
All teachers in Italy were ordered to wear the Fascist uniform during school hours.
Egon Kisch jumped from the Strathaird onto Melbourne's concrete dock, breaking his leg. Kisch held the mistaken belief that he would be arrested and detained on Australian soil if he set foot in the country. Instead, authorities carried him back onto the ship as it sailed for Sydney.
Born: John Gowans, 16th General of the Salvation Army, in Blantyre, Scotland (d. 2012)
November 14, 1934 (Wednesday)
England and Italy played a famously violent and contentious football match called the Battle of Highbury that England won 3–2.
Salvador Dalí and his wife Gala arrived in New York City aboard the ocean liner SS Champlain. Dalí emerged to greet the American media conspicuously holding a two-and-a-half metre long loaf of bread, with the intention of distributing it among them "as Saint Francis did with his birds." To his disappointment, however, none of the reporters asked him about it.
November 15, 1934 (Thursday)
Archaeologists announced that an entire section of the ancient city of Carthage had been unearthed.
The Strathaird arrived in Sydney but Egon Kisch was not allowed to leave the ship.
November 16, 1934 (Friday)
Australian High Court Justice H. V. Evatt ordered Egon Kisch discharged from detainment aboard the Strathaird. Kisch was removed from the ship and then immediately taken to a police station where customs officials subjected him to a dictation test in Gaelic. Although Kisch knew 11 languages, he refused to take the test and was deemed to have failed. Kisch was charged with being a prohibited immigrant and then taken to hospital for his broken leg. Kisch would take his case to the High Court of Australia.
Austrian Chancellor Kurt Schuschnigg met with Benito Mussolini in Rome.
Bob Olin won the world light heavyweight boxing championship by decision over Maxie Rosenbloom at Madison Square Garden in New York.
Died: Alice Liddell, 82, English inspiration for Alice's Adventures in Wonderland; Carl von Linde, 92, German scientist, engineer and founder of The Linde Group
November 17, 1934 (Saturday)
Paraguay won a major victory in the Chaco War, capturing seven Bolivian forts on their main defensive line.
Born: Jim Inhofe, politician, in Des Moines, Iowa
Died: Joachim Ringelnatz, 51, German author and painter
November 18, 1934 (Sunday)
The Nazi Party won elections in the Free City of Danzig, where opposition parties were still permitted to run.
Huey Long said he planned to run for President of the United States in 1936 on a third-party ticket.
November 19, 1934 (Monday)
The New York Daily News ran a famous headline exposing the secret of professional wrestling: "Londos and Marshall Meet at Garden Tonight for the 26th Time. Score – Londos 26, Marshall 0." Promoter Jack Pfefer exposed wrestling's predetermined nature to exact revenge on his former business associates, and he got the result he wanted when pro wrestling attendance immediately plummeted.
German Labour Front leader Robert Ley decreed that time clock punching would be abolished and replaced with bugle calls.
Born: Jackie Hudson, Dominican sister and anti-nuclear activist, in Saginaw, Michigan (d. 2011)
November 20, 1934 (Tuesday)
Retired U.S. Marine Corps officer Smedley Butler caused an uproar when he gave testimony before a House of Representatives committee on un-American activities in which he alleged a conspiracy among Wall Street interests to overthrow the Roosevelt Administration and replace it with a fascist dictatorship. This alleged conspiracy would come to be known as the Business Plot.
King George V opened a new session of British parliament with a throne speech appealing for the maintenance of world peace.
Georges Theunis became Prime Minister of Belgium for the second time.
November 21, 1934 (Wednesday)
The Cole Porter musical Anything Goes premiered at the Alvin Theatre on Broadway.
Seventeen-year-old Ella Fitzgerald made her singing debut at Harlem's Apollo Theater, winning first prize in the venue's famous amateur contest.
The New York Yankees obtained the rights to 19-year-old Joe DiMaggio from the minor-league San Francisco Seals in exchange for players to be named later and cash.
Born: Laurence Luckinbill, actor, in Fort Smith, Arkansas
November 22, 1934 (Thursday)
Dora Russell was granted a divorce from husband Bertrand in British court on grounds of immoral conduct.
Yugoslavia sent the League of Nations a note accusing Hungary of being behind the assassination of King Alexander.
Died: Harry Steppe, 46, American vaudeville performer
November 23, 1934 (Friday)
Piano Concerto no. 1 by Darius Milhaud was first performed in Paris.
The films The Painted Veil starring Greta Garbo and Anne of Green Gables starring Dawn O'Day were released.
Born: Lew Hoad, tennis player, in Glebe, Australia (d. 1994)
Died: Arthur Wing Pinero, 79, English actor, dramatist and stage director
November 24, 1934 (Saturday)
Samuel Insull and 16 former business associates were found not guilty of mail fraud in Chicago federal court.
The ANZAC War Memorial in Sydney, Australia was unveiled.
The Sarnia Imperials defeated the Regina Roughriders 20–12 to win the Grey Cup of Canadian football.
Born: Alfred Schnittke, composer, in Engels, Volga German ASSR, Soviet Union (d. 1998)
November 25, 1934 (Sunday)
In the Deutsche Allgemeine Zeitung, Wilhelm Furtwängler published an article strongly defending fellow composer Paul Hindemith, who had been labeled a degenerate artist by the Nazi regime. That evening at the Berlin State Opera, Furtwängler received a 20-minute standing ovation before his performance.
November 26, 1934 (Monday)
Turkish President Mustafa Kemal changed his name to Mustafa Kemal Atatürk as the Turkish government abolished nicknames, pious titles and titles of nobility. "Atatürk" means "father of the Turks" and use of the surname by anyone else was forbidden by Turkish parliament.
University of Bonn professor Karl Barth was ordered suspended and tried in court for refusing to swear the oath of loyalty to Hitler.
November 27, 1934 (Tuesday)
The Battle of Barrington: U.S. federal agents killed the notorious criminal Baby Face Nelson in a gunfight in Barrington, Illinois. Two FBI agents were also killed.
Bolivian President Daniel Salamanca Urey was overthrown by a military coup due to the country's disastrous performance in the Chaco War.
All communist organizations were banned in Romania.
Born: Ammo Baba, footballer and coach, in Baghdad, Iraq (d. 2009); Gilbert Strang, mathematician, in Chicago, Illinois
Died: Samuel P. Cowley, 35, American FBI agent (shot); Herman Hollis, 31, American law enforcement official (shot); Baby Face Nelson, 25, American criminal (shot by FBI agents)
November 28, 1934 (Wednesday)
Winston Churchill gave a speech to the House of Commons calling on the government to increase its defence spending, because Germany's munitions factories were already working "under practically war conditions."
Lord Ashley was granted a divorce from wife Sylvia. Spectators packed the courtroom hoping to hear lurid details of Sylvia's affair with the American actor Douglas Fairbanks, but were disappointed when the legal proceedings lasted only ten minutes.
The musical comedy Revenge with Music opened at the New Amsterdam Theatre on Broadway.
The dramatic play Gold Eagle Guy premiered at the Morosco Theatre on Broadway.
November 29, 1934 (Thursday)
Prince George, Duke of Kent married Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark at Westminster Abbey.
Born: Willie Morris, American writer, in Jackson, Mississippi (d. 1999)
November 30, 1934 (Friday)
King Fuad of Egypt suspended the constitution after nationalist riots.
Lázaro Cárdenas took the oath of office as President of Mexico. In his inaugural address before 60,000 people he said his administration would focus on unemployment and social inequality.
London and North Eastern Railway steam locomotive Class A3 4472 Flying Scotsmen became the first officially to exceed 100 miles per hour (160.9 km/h) on test in England.
The musical film Babes in Toyland starring Laurel and Hardy was released.
The British comedy-drama film The Private Life of Don Juan starring Douglas Fairbanks was released.
Born: Lansana Conté, 2nd President of Guinea, in Dubréka, French Guinea (d. 2008)
Died: Hélène Boucher, 26, French pilot (plane crash)
References
1934
1934-11
1934-11
Samina Mushtaq Pagganwala () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election. In 2011, she was appointed parliamentary secretary for Kashmir affairs and Gilgit-Baltistan.
References
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
A Hero's Tale is an adventure module for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1996.
Plot summary
A Hero's Tale is a collection of ten scenarios, each one between five and eight pages long, and ranging in character level required from 1st level right up to 10th. The scenarios are all linked together to form a complete mini-campaign with a hidden plot which concerns an artefact called the Waning Star. Throughout the scenarios the characters meet NPCs who are looking for this artefact, and feel its influence.
Publication history
A Hero's Tale was published by TSR, Inc. in 1996.
Reception
Paul Pettengale reviewed A Hero's Tale for Arcane magazine, rating it an 8 out of 10 overall. He commented that "The scenarios are not too complicated, mainly because of their brevity, and could perhaps be described as little more than encounters. Still, each one is good - there's not a duffer throughout the collection - and I'm sure referees will end up using each and every one of them." He adds: "Where this collection of scenarios is especially clever, though, is in the way they're all linked together, however tenuously, to form a complete mini-campaign in their own right. [...] Whether they actually guess what's afoot, however, is unlikely until towards the end of the collection." Pettengale concluded his review by stating: "So, a worthy bunch of short scenarios which should fit into just about any ongoing campaign. Oh, and the title, in case you were wondering, derives from passages of monologue at the start of each scenario spoken by Thad Bravencloke - a chap who's been through all of this long, long ago."
References
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Bindiya Goswami is an Indian former actress, who is best known for her works in Hindi cinema throughout the 1970s and 1980s.
Film career
Bindiya was discovered at a party, when she was a teenager, by Hema Malini's mother. She felt that Bindiya had a resemblance to Hema and recommended her to film producers. Bindiya's first Hindi film was Jeevan Jyoti opposite Vijay Arora. Though the film flopped, Bindiya forged ahead and met success with director Basu Chatterjee's Khatta Meetha (1977) and Prem Vivah (1979). Her biggest hit was Hrishikesh Mukherjee's comedy film Gol Maal (1979). The success of Dada (1979) led her to sign a number of films with Vinod Mehra. She also bagged a role opposite Shashi Kapoor in the big-budget film Shaan (1980).
Career as costume designer
Bindiya has taken up designing costumes for female stars such as Rani Mukherjee, Kareena Kapoor and Aishwarya Rai for her husband J.P. Dutta's films, such as Border (1997), Refugee (2000), LOC Kargil (2003) and Umrao Jaan (2007).
Personal life
Bindiya was born in Kaman, Bharatpur (Rajasthan) to Shri Venugopal Goswami, a Tamil Iyengar father, and Dolly, a Catholic mother. Her father was a priest of Vallabh Sampraday and married 7 times in his lifetime. Bindiya was initially married to her frequent co-star Vinod Mehra, but they divorced after four years of marriage. Thereafter, Bindiya gave up her acting career to marry director J.P. Dutta in 1985, with whom she has two daughters, Nidhi and Siddhi. Her daughter Nidhi is following in her mother's footsteps by becoming an actress.
Filmography
Mera Yaar Mera Dushman (1987)
Vishaal (1987) – Chanvi
Avinash (1986)
Chor Police (1983) – Rohan's wife (Guest Appearance)
Mehandi (1983) – Gauri
Lalach (1983)
Rang Birangi (1983) – Herself
Reshma (1982) punjabi movie
Aamne Samne (1982) – Inspector Jyoti
Hamari Bahu Alka (1982) – Alka
Heeron Ka Chor (1982)
Khud-Daar (1982) – Manju
Hotel (1981) – Vandana (as Bindiya)
Yeh Rishta Na Tootay (1981) – Kiran Kapoor
Sannata (1981)
Sansani: The Sensation (1981) – Nisha Srivastav
Bandish (1980) – Shanti
Khoon Kharaba (1980)
Shaan (1980) – Renu
Takkar (1980) – Meena
Ahsaas (1979) – Herself
Dada (1979) – Kamini
Golmaal (1979) – Urmila
Jaandaar (1979)
Jaani Dushman (1979) – Shanti (Thakur's daughter)
Khandaan (1979)
Muqabla (1979) – Vicky's girlfriend/wife
Prem Vivah (1979)
Ankh Ka Tara (1978) – Geeta Gupta
College Girl (1978)
Khatta Meetha (1978) – Zarine
Ram Kasam (1978)
Chala Murari Hero Banane (1977)
Chhota Baap (1977)
Duniyadari (1977)
Jay Vejay (1977) – Princess Padmavati
Khel Kismat Ka (1977)
Mukti (1977) – Pinky
Karm (1977) - child artist
Jeevan Jyoti (1976)
Chik Mik Bijuli (1969) (Assamese)
References
External links
Living people
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses from Rajasthan
Place of birth missing (living people)
Indian costume designers
20th-century Indian actresses
20th-century Indian designers
Actresses in Assamese cinema
People from Bharatpur district
Year of birth missing (living people)
Phtheochroa palpana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Asia Minor, northern Syria and Mesopotamia.
References
Moths described in 1894
Phtheochroa
Georges Dionne is a full Professor of Finance who holds the Canada Research Chair in Risk Management at HEC Montréal. He has been a Visiting Scholar in the Department of Risk Management and Insurance at Georgia State University and in the Economics Department at Ecole Polytechnique in France for many years.
Georges Dionne has won the Kulp-Wright award (2002, 2015) for his book Handbook of Insurance, the Pierre-Laurin research prize from HEC Montréal (1998, 2003, 2009, 2016), the PRMIA award (2006), the Bank of Canada NFA Conference award (2006), an Honorary Ph.D. conferred by the University of Orléans (2006), and the GARP award at the Financial Management Association European Conference (2008). He is an Alumnus of Honor of the Faculty of Arts and Science of Université de Montréal (2008), and has been one of the 30 researchers chosen as part of the SSHRC's celebration of 30 years of cultivating excellence in Canadian social sciences and humanities research (2008). More recently, he received the Innis-Gérin Medal (2011) for his original contribution to the social sciences in Canada and the Jean Guertin Award (2011), HEC Montréal's top prize for teaching excellence, for the support provided to his graduate students, and for having developed a new field of teaching and expertise at the School: risk management. He won the Marcel-Dagenais Award in 2012, the Roger-Charbonneau Award for the best book of the year in 2019, and was elected Fellow of the Canadian Economics Association in 2019
Georges Dionne has published extensively, including seven books on insurance and risk management and more than 180 articles in academic journals. He has been the Editor-in-chief of The Journal of Risk and Insurance, and is member of the scientific committee for nine journals including the Journal of Risk and Uncertainty, (USA) and the Geneva Risk and Insurance Review (Switzerland). In 2018, he received the best paper award from the Journal of Operational Risk and, in 2020, the best paper award from the Risk Management and Insurance Review.
Georges Dionne led the team that developed the model for computing the Credit VaR model of a Canadian bank in 2001 and the model for computing the Operational Risk VaR of another bank in 2006. These two activities have important implications for the Basel international banking regulations. The two advance models of risk management allow banks to save capital by applying portfolio diversification strategies.
His research interests also include road safety. One of his main achievements was to propose (with Marcel Boyer) a new model for automobile insurance pricing based on drivers' demerit points. This model was implemented by the Société de l'assurance automobile du Québec in 1992 and is still used in Quebec.
In the insurance sector, Georges Dionne has collaborated on many projects concerning detection of insurance fraud in claims. In collaboration with the Insurance Bureau of Canada, he has conducted a comprehensive study to evaluate the significance of insurance fraud in insurers' files in Quebec. More recently, with Pierre Picard and Florence Giuliano, he has developed an internal model for fraud detection for a large European insurer. This model was able to reduce insurance fraud costs by up to 40%. With his coauthors Pierre-Carl Michaud and Maki Dahchour, he is among the first researchers to empirically separate moral hazard from adverse selection and drivers' learning using data on insurance contracts. He also has contributed to the economic evaluation of human life for public investment projects.
Significant contributions
Dionne, G., Corporate Risk Management: Theories and Applications, Wiley, Hoboken, USA, 394 pages, 2019.
Dionne, G., Gestion des risques : théories et applications, Éditions Economica, Paris, France, 432 pages, 2017.
Dionne, G. (Ed.), Handbook of Insurance, Second Edition, Springer, New York, USA, 1126 pages, 2013.
Maalaoui Chun, O., Dionne, G., Francois, P., Detecting Regime Shifts in Credit Spreads, Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis, 49, 5-6, 1339–1364, December 2014.
Dionne, G., Li, J. "When Can Expect Utility Handle First-order Risk Aversion?" Journal of Economic Theory 154, 403-422, October 2014.
Dionne, G., Michaud, P.C., Dahchour, M., "Separating Moral Hazard from Adverse Selection and Learning in Automobile Insurance: Longitudinal Evidence from France", Journal of the European Economic Association.11, 4, 897-917, August 2013.
Dionne, G., Pinquet, J., Maurice, M., Vanasse, C. "Incentive Mechanisms for Safe Driving: A Comparative Analysis with Dynamic Data", The Review of Economics and Statistics 93, 1, 218-227, February 2011.
Dionne, G., St-Amour, P., Vencatachellum, D., "Asymmetric Information and Adverse Selection in Mauritian Slave Auctions", Review of Economic Studies 76, 1269-1295, October 2009.
Dionne, G., Giuliano, F., Picard, P., "Optimal Auditing with Scoring: Theory and Application to Insurance Fraud", Management Science 55, 58-70, January 2009.
Dionne, G., Spaeter, S., "Environmental Risk and Extended Liability: The Case of Green Technologies", Journal of Public Economics 87, 5-6, 1025-1060, 2003.
Dionne, G., Gagné, R., "Deductible Contracts Against Fraudulent Claims: Evidence from Automobile Insurance", Review of Economics and Statistics 83, 2, 290-301, May 2001.
Dionne, G., Gouriéroux, C., Vanasse, C., "Testing for Evidence of Adverse Selection in the Automobile Insurance Market: A Comment", Journal of Political Economy 109, 2, 444-453, April 2001.
Dionne, G., Gagné, R., Vanasse, C., "Measuring Technical Change and Productivity Growth with Varying Output Qualities and Incomplete Panel Data," Journal of Econometrics 87, 303-327, 1998.
Dionne, G., Gagné, R., Gagnon, F., Vanasse, C., "Debt, Moral Hazard and Airline Safety: an Empirical Evidence," Journal of Econometrics 79, 379-402, 1997.
Dionne, G., Doherty, N., "Adverse Selection, Commitment and Renegotiation: Extension to and Evidence from Insurance Markets", Journal of Political Economy 102, 2, 209-235, 1994.
Dionne, G., St-Michel, P., "Workers' Compensation and Moral Hazard", Review of Economics and Statistics LXXXIII, 2, 236-244, May 1991.
Boyer, M., Dionne, G., "An Empirical Analysis of Moral Hazard and Experience Rating", Review of Economics and Statistics LXXXI, 1, 128-134, February 1989.
Dionne, G., Lasserre, P., "Adverse Selection, Repeated Insurance Contracts and Announcement Strategy", Review of Economic Studies 70, 4, 719-724, November 1985.
Dionne, G., Eeckhoudt, L., "Self-Insurance, Self-Protection and Increased Risk Aversion", Economics Letters, 39-43, February 1985.
Dionne, G., "Search and Insurance", International Economic Review, 357-367, June 1984.
Living people
HEC Montréal faculty
Canada Research Chairs
Year of birth missing (living people)
Arbër Hoxha (born 6 October 1998) is a Kosovan professional footballer who plays as a left winger for Croatian club Slaven Belupo and the Kosovo national team.
Club career
Lokomotiva
On 5 July 2021, Hoxha joined Croatian First League side Lokomotiva. On 14 August 2021, he made his debut in a 4–0 home win against Istra 1961 after coming on as a substitute at 70th minute in place of Lukas Kačavenda.
Slaven Belupo
On 8 February 2022, Hoxha signed a three-year contract with Croatian First League club Slaven Belupo. Ten days later, he made his debut in a 0–3 away win against Gorica after coming on as a substitute at 80th minute in place of Hansel Zapata.
International career
Under-21
On 14 March 2018, Hoxha received a call-up from Kosovo U21 for the 2019 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification matches against Azerbaijan and Germany. His debut came on 15 October 2019 in a 2021 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification match against Albania after coming on as a substitute at 78th minute in place of Ismet Lushaku and assists in his side's only goal during a 2–1 away defeat.
Senior
On 24 December 2019, Hoxha received a call-up from Kosovo for the friendly match against Sweden, and made his debut after coming on as a substitute at 46th minute in place of Zymer Bytyqi. On 11 June 2021, Hoxha scored his first goal for Kosovo in his third appearance for the country in a 1–0 home minimal win over the Gambia.
Career statistics
Club
International
|+ List of international goals scored by Arbër HoxhaScores and results list Kosovo's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Hoxha goal.
|-
|1.
|11 June 2021
|Arslan Zeki Demirci Sports Complex, Manavgat, Turkey
|
|align="center"|1–0
|align="center"|1–0
|Friendly
|
|}
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Peja
Kosovan footballers
Kosovo under-21 international footballers
Kosovo international footballers
Association football wingers
Football Superleague of Kosovo players
FC Prishtina players
KF Hajvalia players
KF Besa players
KF Ballkani players
Croatian Football League players
NK Lokomotiva Zagreb players
NK Slaven Belupo players
Return of Shanghai Joe () is a 1975 Western film directed by Bitto Albertini and starring Klaus Kinski.
Plot
The medicine show man Bill Cannon gives refuge to the bandit Pedro Gomez, who is wounded by the men of Barnes. Before dying, Gomez suggests that Cannon should bring in his body to collect bounty. Bill is subsequently robbed by Barnes' men, but they are stopped with kung fu fighting by the Chinese Shanghai Joe. Cannon steals his horse, but Joe follows and convinces him that they should be friends.
In town Joe helps Cannon at gambling and force a bartender to eat crooked dice. Cannon helps Joe at an ambush by Barnes' men, and later helps him escape when he is to be lynched on a trumped up charge. They get support from the judge. The two men attack Barnes' ranch and the latter is killed by Cannon in a fight on top of a cliff.
When it is disclosed that Joe is a federal agent Cannon at first leaves in disgust, but then he comes back and they leave together.
Cast
Klaus Kinski - Pat Barnes
Cheen Lie - Shanghai Joe
Tommy Polgár - Bill Cannon
Karin Field - Carol Finney
Fortunato Arena - Sheriff Wilson
Paolo Casella
Roberto Dell'Acqua
Consalvo Dell'Arti
Attilio Dottesio - Village Elder
Tom Felleghy - Judge Finney
Claudio Giorgi - Manuel
Renato Malavasi
Riccardo Petrazzi
Renzo Pevarello
Claudio Ruffini
Pietro Torrisi
Release
Return of Shanghai Joe was released in Italy on 28 February 1975. It was released in Germany on 27 May 1977.
Reception
From retrospective reviews, Thomas Weisser, author of a book reviewing Spaghetti Westerns, stated that Klaus Kinski gave a "surprisingly dignified performance" but that the film was predominantly filmed for laughs and lost the tone of the original film and was "almost as wretched as Kung Fu Brothers in the Wild West".
References
External links
1975 films
1970s Italian-language films
1975 Western (genre) films
Spaghetti Western films
Films directed by Bitto Albertini
1970s Italian films
Plainfield is an unincorporated community in St. Joseph County, Indiana, United States. It is along U.S. Route 20 in the north-central part of Olive Township and is bordered to the south and west by the town of New Carlisle. Via US-20, Plainfield is west of South Bend and east of Michigan City.
Geography
Plainfield is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in St. Joseph County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Salem Heights is an unincorporated community in Pleasant Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The white-cheeked nuthatch (Sitta leucopsis) is a species of bird in the family Sittidae. It is found in Afghanistan, Bhutan, India, Nepal, and Pakistan.
Its natural habitats are boreal forests and temperate forests.
Description
It is 13 cm (5 in) long, white cheeks, chin, throat, and underparts, upper parts mostly dark grey.
References
white-cheeked nuthatch
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
white-cheeked nuthatch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Müsch is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Imma transversella is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Snellen in 1878. It is found in New Guinea, Singapore and on Sulawesi, the Sunda Islands and Java.
References
Moths described in 1878
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Como Orchards Club, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1909 and located near Darby, Montana, was part of a land development scheme (Como Orchards) inspired by the western railroad expansion.
By 1909 three rail lines ran to Missoula, Montana, and when the Northern Pacific Railway connected a spur south to the Bitterroot Valley, transportation of people and products became increasingly easy. The establishment of the Bitter Root irrigation district and construction of the Lake Como Dam and the Big Ditch Canal, both financed by the Chicago investor W. I Moody and supervised by F. D. Nichols, enabled promoters to attract new investors (particularly college professors from the University of Chicago and intellectuals) with hopes of establishing a huge apple-growing industry in the valley.
Wright was asked to design the master plan, clubhouse, land office building, and cottages, while Marion Mahony Griffin and William Eugene Drummond supervised the project. At least fifty-three cottages were originally planned around the clubhouse (which had a two-story lounge and a large dining room with vast, open porches and three large stone fireplaces) but only twelve were constructed. The small frame structures had stone fireplaces but were built cheaply as seasonal, camp-like housing, with no central heat and pine blocks instead of foundations. The two-bedroom cottages had no kitchen space, while the three-bedroom versions had a kitchen and a porch.
Unpredictable weather and enormous shipping problems caused the project to fail. Wright lost money when the bank foreclosed in 1916. While several cottages stood until the late 1930s, others were gradually torn down. The clubhouse was altered, whitewashed, and used to house workers and store hog feed. In 1945 the boards were taken to build a barn. Now only the abandoned land office building and one three-bedroom cottage remain.
References
Storrer, William Allin. The Frank Lloyd Wright Companion. University Of Chicago Press, 2006, (S.144)
External links
Alpine Meadows Ranch - current owner of Como Orchards
All-Wright Site - Frank Lloyd Wright Building Guide - Montana
Storied structures - Darby ranch owner relishes his land's colorful history
Frank Lloyd Wright in Bozeman
General Plan of the Como Orchards Summer Colony
Frank Lloyd Wright buildings
Houses in Ravalli County, Montana
Buildings and structures in Ravalli County, Montana
The Duchy of Nivernais () was a duchy in France, centred around the city of Nevers, of which the duchy took its name.
History
In 1539, it was directly annexed to France and became a duchy in the peerage of France. For a time, it was held by a cadet branch of the House of Gonzaga. This branch inherited the Duchy of Mantua from the senior Gonzaga line (when it became extinct in 1627) and ruled Mantua until 1708, when the branch died out in the male line. Charles IV Gonzaga sold the duchies of Nevers and Rethel in 1659 to Cardinal Mazarin. His family held the duchy of Nevers until the French Revolution.
In 1659, when the Mazarin family took control of the duchy, the region was reduced to become a province of the Kingdom of France, thus becoming the Province of Nevers (). However, according to the laws of the peerage of France, the province kept the official title of 'Duchy of Nivernais', though it held the status of province of the Kingdom.
Following the Decree dividing France into departments in 1790, the province was broken up into three new departments: Nièvre (forming the main part), Yonne (northernmost parts), and Cher (south eastern most parts).
Government
Following the governmental reforms of 1773, the Duchy of Nevers formed part of the Military Government of Nivers (Gouvernement de Nivernais). For the Department of Finances, the duchy was divided into four election counties: Nevers and Château-Chinon part of the Generality of Moulins, Clamecy was part of the Generality of Orléans, and La Charité-sur-Loire part of the Generality of Bourges. The Judicial Department, the county was part of the powerful Parliament of Paris.
Following the Decree dividing France into departments announced on 22 December 1789, the Duchy of Nevers was disestablished. The majority of the county formed the new Nièvre (forming the main part), Yonne (northernmost parts), and Cher (south eastern most parts).
Footnotes
External links
Nivernais
History of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
History of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
History of Centre-Val de Loire
History of Allier
History of Cher (department)
History of Nièvre
History of Yonne
Former duchies of France
Coles County is a county in Illinois. As of the 2020 census, the population was 46,863. Its county seat is Charleston, which is also the home of Eastern Illinois University.
Coles County is part of the Charleston-Mattoon, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Coles County was organized by on December 25, 1830, from Clark and Edgar counties. It was named after Edward Coles, the second governor of Illinois, from 1822 to 1826. The majority of the American settlers who founded Coles County were either from the six New England states, or were born in upstate New York to parents who had moved to that region from New England shortly after the American Revolution. They were part of a wave of farmers who headed west into the frontier of the Northwest Territory during the early 1800s. The completion of the Erie Canal led to an increase in such migrants heading west. When these settlers originally reached what is today Coles County, they found dense virgin forest and prairie.
The New England settlers laid out farms, constructed roads, erected government buildings and established post routes. They brought with them many of their "Yankee" values, such as staunch support for abolitionism as well as a passion for education. They quickly established schools in their communities. They were mostly members of the Congregationalist Church, though some were Episcopalian. As a result of the second Great Awakening, many had become Baptists or switched to Protestant denominations such as Methodism or Presbyterianism before moving to what is now Coles County. The prevalence of settlers with New England heritage resulted in their establishing a culture that was continuous with that of New England for the first several decades of its history. As a result of this, county residents largely supported abolitionism in the antebellum period, and also the Republican Party as of the 1850s and 1860s.
Beginning in 1849, numerous German immigrants arrived in Coles County, refugees from the rebellions the year before in various principalities. This population overwhelmingly supported the abolition of slavery.
Irish Catholic immigrants who had fled the famine in their country also settled here. Illinois Democratic Senator Stephen Douglas was extremely popular amongst Irish Catholic immigrants in Coles County at this time. During the Civil War the Irish Catholic community of Coles County would overwhelmingly be Copperheads.
Folklore representation in other media
Coles County has generated several well-known legends and folktales, including the Mad Gasser of Mattoon and accounts of the ghost of Mary Hawkins at Pemberton Hall. Michael Kleen has compiled many of these tales, including the "witch's grave" of St. Omer Cemetery and the story of "Rag Doll Cemetery," in his book Tales of Coles County, Illinois (2010).
The legend of "Rag Doll Cemetery" was adapted for the screenplay of the independent film Rag Doll, filmed in 2010 primarily in and around Mattoon, Illinois. The novel A Family Possessed (2000) by L. W. Stevenson, is based on a rural family's account of poltergeist activity at their home in the 1980s.
Ashmore Estates has long been a part of local folklore. Originally serving as the almshouse at the Coles County Poor Farm, it is considered a haunted attraction and a place of interest for paranormal investigators.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Charleston have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July.
Adjacent counties
Douglas County - north
Edgar County - northeast
Clark County - southeast
Cumberland County - south
Shelby County - southwest
Moultrie County - west
Major highways
Interstate 57
US Route 45
Illinois Route 16
Illinois Route 49
Illinois Route 121
Illinois Route 130
Illinois Route 133
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 53,873 people, 21,463 households, and 11,963 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 23,425 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.9% white, 3.8% black or African American, 1.0% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.6% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.6% were German, 16.4% were Irish, 11.1% were American, 10.0% were English, 3.4% were Polish, 2.9% were Italian, 2.5% were French, 2.1% were Dutch and 1.9% were Scots-Irish.
Of the 21,463 households, 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were married couples living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 44.3% were non-families, and 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.87. The median age was 31.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,457 and the median income for a family was $54,170. Males had a median income of $38,915 versus $28,781 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,601. About 10.6% of families and 20.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.6% of those under age 18 and 5.9% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Charleston (seat)
Mattoon
Villages
Ashmore
Humboldt
Lerna
Oakland
Unincorporated Communities
Bushton
Campbell
Coles
Cook Mills
Diona
Dorans
Embarrass
Etna
Fairgrange
Fuller
Hutton
Janesville
Jones
Kings
Lipsey
Loxa
Magnet
Newby
Paradise
Rardin
Trilla
Wabash Point
Townships
Coles County is divided into these twelve townships:
Ashmore
Charleston
East Oakland
Humboldt
Hutton
Lafayette
Mattoon
Morgan
North Okaw
Paradise
Pleasant Grove
Seven Hickories
Education
Eastern Illinois University
Lake Land College
Lakeview College of Nursing (Charleston)
Charleston Community Unit School District 1
Mattoon Community Unit School District 2
Oakland Community Unit School District 5
Politics
Coles County leans strongly towards the Republican Party in Presidential elections. Although it was carried by Illinoisian Barack Obama in 2008, the GOP regained the county in 2012 and the next presidential elections.
Notable people
Thomas Lincoln, father of President Abraham Lincoln, moved to Coles County in 1831 and died there in 1851.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Coles County, Illinois
List of school districts in Illinois
References
External links
County website
Coles County Online Community
Illinois State Archives
1830 establishments in Illinois
Charleston–Mattoon, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area
Illinois counties
Populated places established in 1830
Citizens State Bank or Citizen's State Bank may refer to:
Citizens State Bank (Gooding, Idaho), listed on the NRHP in Idaho
Citizens State Bank (Odenton, Maryland), listed on the NRHP in Maryland
Citizens State Bank (Edmond, Oklahoma), listed on the NRHP in Oklahoma
Citizen's State Bank (Marble City, Oklahoma), listed on the NRHP in Oklahoma
Citizens State Bank (Oklahoma City, Oklahoma), listed on the NRHP in Oklahoma
Citizens State Bank of Henry, Henry, SD, listed on the NRHP in South Dakota
Citizens State Bank of Gillett, Gillett, WI, listed on the NRHP in Wisconsin
See also
Citizens Bank (disambiguation)
København was a Danish, British-built five-masted barque used as a naval training vessel until its disappearance after December 22, 1928. Built for the Danish East Asiatic Company in 1921, it was the world's largest sailing ship at the time, and primarily served for sail training of young cadets.
The København was last heard from on December 21, 1928, while en route from Buenos Aires to Australia. When it became clear the ship was missing, a lengthy search ensued, but neither København nor anyone who had been aboard her on her final voyage was ever found. Despite both the extensive search and much speculation about the vessel's fate, København remains missing and what happened to her crew and cadets remains a mystery.
Description
The København was built by the firm of Ramage & Ferguson at Leith in Scotland (hull number 256). It was commissioned by the Danish East Asiatic Company as a sail training ship. Their original commission of January 1914 was well underway at the onset of the First World War when the British Admiralty commandeered the first commission as an oil fuel tender. The East Asiatic Company had to then recommission their training ship and this second commission began in 1918 and was completed in 1921. The second commission included for a four-cylinder diesel engine by Burmeister & Wain capable of propelling the ship at 6 knots. The propellers were fitted with reversible blades (controlled from within) to ease the reversing of the ship. She was classified by Lloyd's of London as Class 100 A1, the highest classification of the age.
Known as the "Big Dane", it was the largest sailing ship in the world when completed. It was 430 feet (131 metres) long (tip to tail) with a 390 foot long deck and grossed 3,965 tons empty, with a capacity of 5200 tons. A central water ballast of up to 1245 tons provided excellent stability. Its five masts stood 197 feet (60m) over the keel, with sails spanning a total of 56,000 square feet (5,202 square metres). It had an auxiliary diesel motor as well as a wireless transmitter. The figurehead was a carving of a helmeted Bishop Absalon, the warrior-priest who founded the state of Denmark. The heavy standing rigging ran to 4.5 miles in length and weighed 27 tons, the lighter running rigging stretched to a further 23 miles and weighed a further 23 tons. Her 204 tons of fuel oil could propel the ship for 75 days without wind.
Two Bolinder engines served the ballast pump and provided electric lighting.
Primarily intended for training young cadets seeking an officer's license, the ship offset some of its costs by carrying limited amounts of cargo on its voyages. Baron Niels Juel-Brockdorff oversaw the ship's construction and subsequently served as its first captain on its trip from Leith to Copenhagen. In Copenhagen the magnificent ship had 12000 visitors including the King and Queen of Denmark.
The crew included a schoolmaster and doctor, several officers and 28 able seamen originally with 18 trainee cadets. This was later increased to 60 cadets. Cadets were exclusively Danish.
Trips
From 1921 to 1928 the ship made nine commercial voyages, visiting nearly every continent and completing two circumnavigations. These included:
Maiden Voyage - World circumnavigation - 30 September 1921 - 7 November 1922. 38326 sea miles
(information taken from the private log of her Captain on that voyage Baron Niels Juel-Brockdorff)
1925 - London to Bangkok via the Suez Canal - 64 days
October 1925 - left Gdańsk with a cargo of timber bound for Australia - fire on board necessitated repair at Plymouth the Plymouth to Melbourne leg took 81 days
1926 - Banyuwangi to Copenhagen - 86 days
1926 - Copenhagen to Adelaide - 78 days
1927 - Adelaide to Falmouth - 109 days
1927 - Liverpool to Chile via the Panama Canal
However, on this last trip, under Cpt. Christiansen, 300 miles south of Callao on the west coast of South America she lost a propeller blade and had to go to Callao for repair.
October 1927 - Caleta Coloso in Chile to Gdańsk - 81 days
Disappearance
On September 21, 1928, the København departed from Nørresundby in Vendsyssel for Buenos Aires on its tenth, and ultimately final, voyage. The captain was Hans Andersen; 75 persons were aboard, including 26 crew and 45 cadets. The goal was to unload a shipload of chalk and bagged cement in Buenos Aires, take on another load of cargo and sail for Melbourne, and then bring a shipment of Australian wheat back to Europe.
The København arrived at Buenos Aires on November 17, 1928, impressing the locals, in particular emigrant Danes. The cargo was unloaded; however, the departure was delayed as there were no paying commissions to take the cargo to Australia. Finally, on December 14, Captain Andersen decided to ship out to Australia without a cargo. The voyage was expected to take 45 days. On December 22 the København exchanged radio messages with the Norwegian steamer William Blumer, indicating they were about 900 miles from Tristan da Cunha and that "all is well". The Blumer attempted to contact the København again later that night, but received no response. The ship was never heard from again.
She was officially announced "missing" by Lloyd's of London on 1 January 1930.
Search and legacy
Search and rescue efforts were not launched immediately after København dropped out of contact, due to the length of the voyage to Australia, and the fact that Andersen routinely went long periods without sending a message. After months without any sight of or word from København, concerns arose that something had gone wrong. In April 1929, four months after København was last seen and heard from, the Danish East Asiatic Company dispatched a motor vessel, the Mexico, to Tristan da Cunha. Residents reported having seen a large five-masted ship with its foremast broken on January 21, 1929; however, it had not attempted to land on the island. The Mexico, joined by the British Royal Navy, searched for the København for several months, but found no sign of it. The Danish government officially declared the ship and its crew were lost at sea.
A number of theories for the København'''s disappearance have been advanced. The most commonly accepted is that the ship struck an iceberg in the dark or fog. If so, the ship may have sunk too quickly for the crew to react. The lack of wreckage found later may have been the result of the ship's particularly secure loading and rigging, a necessity against the strong winds known as the Roaring Forties. An alternate theory is that the ship, which was in ballast with no cargo, may have been capsized by heavy winds, disabling the lifeboats for survivors.
For the next two years after the København's disappearance there were a number of sightings of a mysterious five-masted ship fitting its description in the Pacific, fueling further speculation about the vessel. Early reports came from Chilean fishermen, then in July 1930, the crew of an Argentine freighter sighted a five-masted "phantom ship" during a gale. The captain took their statements and wondered if this was the "wraith of the Copenhagen". Further sightings came in the following weeks from Easter Island and the Peruvian coast. Later some wreckage, including a piece of stern bearing the name "København", reportedly was found off Western Australia.
Tentative evidence for the ship continued to emerge. In 1934 The New York Times reported that a København cadet's diary had been found in a bottle on Bouvet Island in the South Atlantic. The supposed diary indicated that the ship had been destroyed by icebergs and abandoned, the crew taking their chances in lifeboats. In 1935, human remains and the remains of a lifeboat were found partly buried in the sand along the southwest coast of Africa. These may have come from København.
Notes
References
Bruus Jensen, Palle, og Erik Jensen, Skoleskibet København: historie, forlis, tragedie. Kbh., 2005. ()
Jens Kusk Jensen: Håndbog i praktisk sømandskab. Kbh., 1924, Foreningen til Søfartens Fremme ()
Alan Villiers, Posted Missing: The Story of Ships Lost Without Trace in Recent Years'' New York: Charles Scribners' Sons, 1956, illus., p. 195–214.
External links
Homepage of "Foreningen til Søfartens Fremme"
Shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Barques
Maritime incidents in 1928
Kobenhaven
Individual sailing vessels
Tall ships of Denmark
Training ships
1921 ships
Ships lost with all hands
Five-masted ships
Legendary ghost ships
Ships built in Leith
Windjammers
A 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck the island province of Masbate in the Philippines on August 18, 2020, leaving at least 2 dead and 170 injured.
Earthquake
The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) initially reported a magnitude 6.5 earthquake striking at 8:03am Philippine Standard Time (PST) in Cataingan, Masbate. The report was later revised to a magnitude 6.6 earthquake. The earthquake was also felt in several parts of Luzon and the Visayas. The fault from which the earthquake originated is the Masbate segment of the Philippine Fault System.
Damage
Several houses and buildings in Cataingan, Masbate collapsed due to the earthquake, including a three-story building, its old and new public market, a police station, and the docking area of Cataingan Port. Several roads and buildings throughout Masbate were also damaged according to the Office of Civil Defense of the Bicol Region. Power lines were also toppled down in the province, resulting in an unscheduled power interruption.
Casualties
At least 170 people were injured, while 2 were confirmed dead; one retired policeman died after getting trapped when his house collapsed in Cataingan and one had a heart attack.
See also
List of earthquakes in 2020
List of earthquakes in the Philippines
References
External links
2020 disasters in the Philippines
2020 earthquakes
August 2020 events in the Philippines
Earthquakes in the Philippines
William Maule may refer to:
Sir William Maule, successor to the baronies of Panmure and Benvie in 1254
William Maule of Panmure, successor to the baronies of Panmure and Benvie in 1348
William Maule, 1st Earl Panmure (1700–1782), Scottish soldier and politician
William Maule, 1st Baron Panmure (1771–1852), Scottish landowner and politician
William Maule (rower) (1824-1898), English clergyman and rower
Li Lanni (simplified Chinese: 李兰妮; traditional Chinese: 李蘭妮; born 1956) is a contemporary Chinese author and scriptwriter.
Biography
Literary career
A native of Bin County, Heilongjiang, Li attended Nanjing University, graduating from its writers class in 1989.
Prior to her graduation, Li's first published work was released in 1981. In the same year, she received the Guangdong Province New Writers Award. She joined the Chinese Writer's association in 1990. Li's writing has been praised for exploring and highlighting difficult and important topics; such as mental health struggles; and the everyday problems that people face in a modernised China.
Her literary career has been decorated by awards, such as the aforementioned Guangdong Province New Writers Award, as well as the Guangdong Luxun Award for Literature and Art, Guangdong First Qin Mu Prose Award, China Television Feitian Award, "Five One" Project Award from the Central Propaganda Department,the Zhuang Chongwen Literature Award, and the Guangdong Provincial Excellent Title of Young Artist. Her 2019 memoir, A Crowded Silence, was selected by the China News Publication Bureau to be part of the International Publications of Chinese Classics Project.
Scriptwriting career
Li has also written award-winning scripts for films and TV dramas, such as the Flying Award-winning series 傍海人家 (People by the Sea), produced by the China TV Production Centre in 1998. Li's most decorated series was the 27 episode 澳门的故事 (The Story of Macau), broadcast in 1999, which won the Excellent Feature TV Series Award, the Flying Award and the "Five One" Project Award. She also wrote the script for the film 澳门儿女 (The Children of Macau), produced by Fujian Film Studio.
Personal life
Li has suffered well documented troubles with both her physical and mental health throughout her life. She was first diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 1988, enduring 3 operations and 5 sessions of chemotherapy. Concurrently, she experienced intense bouts of depression, which began in 1986. She would later relapse in 2003. Her book, "No Man in the Wilderness—The Mental Archives of a Depressed Patient" documents her experiences during this struggle. The book focuses on what was at the time an oft-neglected aspect of the mental health difficulties experienced by cancer patients on top of the physical issues experienced from the condition.
Works
Literary works in Chinese
Novels
傍海人家 (1998)
Novelette collections
池塘边的绿房子
Prose
一份缘
人在深圳
澳门岁月 (1999)
雨中凤凰
旷野无人 (2008)
Documentary literature
野地 灵光 ： 我 住 精神病院 的 日子 (2021)
Translated literary works (English)
Memoirs
A Crowded Silence (Translated by Tsien Yee Yu) (2019)
TV dramas
深圳 (1996)
傍海人家 (1998)
澳门的故事 (1999)
Film
澳门儿女
References
1956 births
Living people
The C class are a class of diesel locomotives built by English Electric, Rocklea for the Western Australian Government Railways in 1962.
History
The C class was developed from the Queensland Railways 1250 class. The three members of the class entered service in 1962.
They initially hauled passenger services including The Australind, The Kalgoorlie and The Westland before being relegated to hauling suburban passenger services in Perth and shunting at Avon, Forestfield and Geraldton. The last was withdrawn by Westrail in the March 1992 with all three preserved. C1703 is accredited for mainline operation and is periodically used on infrastructure trains.
References
External links
History of Western Australia Railways and Stations gallery
Co-Co locomotives
English Electric locomotives
Diesel locomotives of Western Australia
Railway locomotives introduced in 1962
3 ft 6 in gauge locomotives of Australia
Diesel-electric locomotives of Australia
Maria Elisa Domingues, known as Maria Elisa (born June 4, 1950) is a Portuguese journalist and television presenter.
Early years
Maria Elisa was born in Lisbon, Portugal. After attending the Medical School of the University of Lisbon for two years and the Drama School for another two (1967–1972), she trained as a professional journalist at the Centre de Formation des Journalistes, in Paris (1974–1977).
Career
As a journalist with RTP, the Portuguese Public Television, she was the author and hostess of her own political and cultural talk shows since 1977. She received and interviewed most of the Presidents, Prime Ministers and other politicians, writers, painters and many other relevant cultural Portuguese personalities as well as businessmen and union leaders, among many others. She was the hostess of The Greatest Portuguese, a BBC format (October 2006 to March 2007).
In her life Maria Elisa Domingues had other professional experiences: she was the Press Counselor to Prime Minister Maria de Lourdes Pintasilgo (1979/1980); Program Director of RTP (1980–1983 and 1998–1999); Press Counselor with the Portuguese Embassy in Madrid (1986–1987); Director of Communication of the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation (1995–1998) and Cultural Counselor with the Portuguese Embassy in London (2004–2006).
Maria Elisa nowadays is the President of Associação dos Jornalistas Europeus (the Portuguese association of European Journalists) and also a regular contributor to some of Portugal's largest newspapers and news magazines, such as Diário de Notícias, Público, Expresso and Visão.
Honours and decorations
She received the Ordem do Mérito from President Mário Soares in 1987.
Personal life
In January 2001, Maria Elisa was diagnosed with fibromyalgia. She is a member of Myos—Associação Nacional Contra a Fibromialgia e Síndrome de Fadiga Crónica (Fibromyalgia and Chronic Fatigue National Association).
References
1950 births
Living people
Portuguese women journalists
Portuguese television presenters
Lisbon Theatre and Film School alumni
University of Lisbon alumni
Portuguese women television presenters
Hacienda Barrancas (also called Finca Barrancas) is a populated place in the Machuelo Arriba Barrio in the municipality of Ponce, Puerto Rico.
History
In May 2006 a preliminary study was done on the possibility of developing a 2300-unit housing development in Hacienda Barrancas.
Notable people
Antonio Correa Cotto, a famous outlaw
References
External links
Barrio Machuelo Arriba
Jesse Freeston (born February 18, 1985) is a Canadian video journalist and filmmaker. He attended Hillcrest High School, where he excelled in volleyball and chemistry. While attending Hillcrest he met his soon-to-be mentor, Mr. Taguchi. Jesse and Mr. Taguchi would spend their evenings walking around the Alta Vista area talking about space and neat science experiments. After watching Bowling For Columbine Jesse thought it would be fun to make Youtube videos. Now his work focuses primarily on social movements in North and Central America, but he has also done investigative work around topics such as the military-industrial complex, the global economic crisis, and undocumented migration. Prior to this his goal was to make funny videos for Youtube. He is mostly known for exposing fraud in the Honduran election of 2009, and for his coverage of the 2010 G-20 summit in Toronto, where Freeston himself was attacked by an officer with the Toronto Police Service before having his microphone ripped from his hand by another officer. His video-journalism work with The Real News Network, which is all licensed copyleft, has been republished by numerous outlets, including The Huffington Post, Common Dreams and Le monde diplomatique. In 2012, he made three 30-minute Spanish-language documentaries for TeleSUR. He is currently finishing a feature-length documentary on the plantation occupation movement in Honduras' Lower Aguan Valley.
2009 Honduran coup d'état
Since the 2009 Honduran coup d'état, Freeston has produced roughly 30 mini-documentaries on the coup and the rise of the National People's Resistance Front. He has covered the post-coup struggles of various groups such as the students and teachers, the feminists, the musicians and ousted president Zelaya's return to Honduras. However, his prime focus has been on the land conflict in the Bajo Aguán part of Honduras' Aguán River Valley following the December 2009 occupation of more than 10,000 hectares of palm oil plantations by the Aguan Unified Campesino Movement. According to Devlin Kuyek of GRAIN, Freeston's video documenting the burning to the ground of the village of Rigores by Honduran police "vividly illustrates the courageous struggle for land and food sovereignty that peasants in Honduras are waging against the ruthless combined force of agribusiness and national and foreign governments." Freeston is currently in post-production on a feature-length documentary on the land conflict in the Aguan Valley.
Honduran election fraud
In November 2009, the Honduran coup regime held elections that, in Freeston's words, "laundered a military coup". In a December 6, 2009 report from the Honduran capital of Tegucigalpa, Freeston provided evidence that the election was more theatre than democratic practice. In particular, he exposed that the Honduran Supreme Electoral Tribunal's own internal figures on voter turnout were not 65% as election winner Pepe Lobo and Western media reported, but actually 49%. His conclusion was that no one could know for sure how many Hondurans voted, given that the election was run by the same military that overthrew the elected president five months earlier, and that all international election monitoring groups (including the UN, Organization of American States, Carter Center, and EU) refused to observe the election. On December 22, 2009, Freeston was featured on Honduras' Radio Globo alongside ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya and American University Anthropologist Adrienne Pine, where he spoke about electoral fraud.
Canadian mining in El Salvador
In 2008, Freeston reported from El Salvador on Canadian mining company Pacific Rim's attempt to open an industrial gold mine in the Central American country. He documented how the company hired 'promoters' in communities opposed to mining, a move that led to violence in a phenomenon the Salvadoran social movement began to call "social contamination". His video reports for The Real News document the popular resistance to mining and the $100 million lawsuit Pacific Rim launched against the government of El Salvador itself for alleged losses when, after months of exploration, it was denied a mining permit. In a November 15, 2009 story for The Real News, Freeston interviewed Tom Shrake, the CEO and President of Pacific Rim about the lawsuit. Shrake claimed Pacific Rim followed El Salvador's mining, investment, and environmental laws and was therefore denied a mining permit illegally. Freeston's investigation from San Isidro revealed contamination of the country's little-accessible water during the exploration stage, the inflammation of conflict by company promoters, the perception that the 2% tax Pacific Rim would pay on its revenues, and other social and environmental concerns were behind the resistance to the proposed mining project. He also reported on cases of murder and torture of anti-mining activists, such as that of Gustavo Marcelo Rivera. The Rivera family maintains that Rivera was killed for his opposition to the mining project and the local leadership that supports it.
FMLN victory in 2009 Salvadoran elections
In 2009, Freeston covered the El Salvadoran elections from the country's capital, San Salvador. He documented the historic ascension to power of former guerrilla group FMLN and their presidential candidate, former journalist Mauricio Funes. According to Freeston, it marked the first time in 500 years that a leader not supported by the tiny Salvadoran elite would take a position of power in the country.
G-20 coverage
During the 2010 G-20 Summit in Toronto, Freeston published a series of video stories for The Real News. Most of his stories focused on police brutality and repression against activists before, during, and after the Summit.
Freeston was himself the target of police violence when he was attacked during one of the demonstrations. He spoke about the event in a CTV interview after the incident. "I was taken back by my collar, I was thrown against bikes and then one officer punched me twice in the mouth." In another CTV interview he added, "I then had my mic stolen from me by one of the officers as you'll see in the tape, and it was only after a few other journalists gathered around and put pressure on them that they returned my mic within a few minutes." When asked whether he believes he was targeted, he answered, "there's a pattern here, we've seen numbers of journalists that have gone through similar things. I wasn't detained, but there are numerous journalists who were detained and we see a real pattern here throughout the weekend of journalists being denied access." Freeston filed an official complaint with the Office of the Independent Police Review Director, but as of June 2011, he had received no response.
In a piece published by the Canadian Journalism Project, Freeston asked all concerned journalists to openly call for a public inquiry into police actions during the G20. He called into question the meaning of having Freedom of the Press listed as fundamental freedom in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, saying that "no crisis, real or perceived, gives authorities the right to revoke it. On the contrary, it is precisely for such times that these freedoms exist. In other words, it is not to cover Blue Jays games that we have freedom of the press, but specifically to document things like extraordinary measures taken by authorities." Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty said no public inquiry was necessary.
In the months following the summit, Freeston filed additional reports and opinion pieces about the G-20 aftermath including the story of Alex Hundert. Hundert is a Kitchener-based activist who was arrested in a house raid before the G-20 began and charged, alongside 17 other activists, with conspiracy. After being released on bail, Hundert was re-arrested and jailed for participating as an invited speaker on a university panel at Ryerson University in Toronto. The government argued that his participation on a panel broke his bail condition barring him from participating in public protests. The courts agreed and adjusted Hundert's bail conditions to ban all political speech, including to the media. In an apparent challenge to the ban, Freeston published a 10-minute video that included a lengthy interview with Hundert, which according to Freeston was filmed before the ban was put into place.
Officer Bubbles
Also following the G-20, Freeston released a mini-documentary based around the experience of lawyer Riali Johanesson during the mass arrest of anti-G20 activists in the working-class Toronto neighborhood of Parkdale. Johanesson was detained without charges when she arrived to provide legal advice to a client who had been detained without charges. Freeston and colleague Nazrul Islam captured footage of Toronto Police 52 Division Constable Adam Josephs threatening a G-20 protester for blowing bubbles. A short YouTube video of the confrontation was released as a supplement to the longer Parkdale video. The shorter video received more than 1,000,000 views and was commented on by international news outlets as far away as Fox News in the United States and ABC National News in Australia. In an appearance on Dan Speerin's show Truth Mashup lamented the "YouTube physics" that saw the "Officer Bubbles" video skyrocket to stardom while the longer Parkdale video was "weighed down by all the context".
Josephs quickly became infamous in Toronto under the nickname "Officer Bubbles". According to Jesse McLean of the Toronto Star, "The original video of Const. Josephs became a symbol for what many viewed as heavy-handed policing during the G20 summit that brought world leaders to Toronto in June."
Josephs, with the support of the Toronto Police Union, filed a defamation lawsuit against Google-owned YouTube, a user who posted a "collection of eight cartoons… that show a police officer resembling Josephs engaging in abusive acts of power" and 24 additional YouTube users that commented on the cartoons. The animations depict "Officer Bubbles" arresting Santa Claus and Barack Obama, punching a news photographer, and overreacting in various ways. Josephs' lawsuit also targets 24 YouTube users who commented on the animation. However the lawsuit did not target the original news video.
The cartoons were removed by YouTube but copies were immediately uploaded by dozens of other YouTube users. Legal commentators across the spectrum said the lawsuit had zero chance of success and views of the original video tripled as a result of the lawsuit.
TeleSUR
In 2012, Freeston made three 30-minute documentaries for the Latin American television network, TeleSUR. Informar y Resistir en Honduras details the repression of critical journalists in post-coup Honduras, and includes interviews with numerous survivors. ¿Un sueño aplazado? is a look at activism in the United States following the Occupy Wall Street movement. Also in the U.S., To-do está bien argues that the two major political parties deny the true nature of the ongoing economic crisis, the film focuses on the regions of Detroit and Central Appalachia, alongside interviews with Noam Chomsky and Richard D. Wolff.
Resistencia
Freeston is currently finishing a feature-length documentary, called Resistencia, on the farmer-led land occupation movement in Honduras' Lower Aguan Valley. According to Resistencias Facebook page, the film is about "landless farmers [who] have taken over the most fertile land in Central America, the palm oil plantations of Miguel Facussé, the richest and most powerful man in Honduras. Just months after he helped organize a military coup."
Resistencia finished in second place at the Cuban Hat Pitch Contest at the 2012 Montreal International Documentary Festival. The film raised $21,210 through a crowdfunding campaign on the website Indiegogo. It is expected to be released sometime in 2013.
Acknowledgements
Professor of Viral Video at the 2010 School of Authentic Journalism in Cancún, Mexico.
Invited speaker at the 2011 1st International Blogger Conference in Foz do Iguaçu, Brazil.
Invited filmmaker for the Center for Independent Documentary's 2011 Kopkind Retreat.
Notes
Living people
Canadian male journalists
1985 births
Berlin Pancho Auchumeb (born 9 January 1974) is a former National and international footballer, also formally with Chief Santos of the Namibia Premier League. Was also contracted to South African football giants Jomo Cosmos FC. Highlight of his career being, the day he played in a friendly match alongside Jomo Cosmos' boss Jomo Sono, in Port Elizabeth, in a friendly match against Orlando Pirates of SA (2001). And also the day he matched shoulder to shoulder at a Media tournament in Soweto JHB November 28, 2000, against one of the legends South Africa could produce, Marks Maponyane. He competed for the Namibia national football team from 1998–2004, with 27 caps, including the 1998 African Cup of Nations. And Berlin Auchumeb was the hero with his stunning sudden-death extra-time winner against the giant nation of South Africa, Bafana Bafana in Windhoek (1998 Casafa Cup) preliminary game. Managing Director, of Tsumeb Emmanuel Rehab Centre in Tsumeb.
Honours, awards and recognitions
Berlin Auchumeb was awarded with a Park renamed after him, in recognition towards nation building. Being a former national and international footballer.
Berlin Auchumeb is the Founder and Director of an nonprofit organization called 'His Heart Outreach Ministries(HHOM) founded in 2007, being the mission of the organisation, to reach to the poor, widows/widowers, orphans, prisoners etc; by feeding the hungry, clothe the naked, visiting the sick in the hospitals and also those in prison!
Berlin is also the founder and managing director, of a vehicle accident rehabilitation centre, namely Tsumeb Emmanuel Rehab Centre in Tsumeb, based in Tsumeb.
References
1974 births
Living people
Namibia international footballers
Namibian footballers
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Chief Santos players
Association football forwards
Sierscheid is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Michel Cosson (4 August 1931 – 11 June 2022) was a French businessman. He was Director-General of from 1986 to 1992 and President of the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO) from 1992 to 2003. A prominent figure in motor racing, he was known for aiding the financial recovery of the 24 Hours of Le Mans in the 1990s and the creation of similar competitions abroad.
Biography
Cosson graduated from Supélec in 1955 with a degree in economics. He began his career with ONERA before becoming President of the Club des Nageurs du Mans from 1965 to 1975. He was Director-General of Défense Automobile et Sportive from 1981 to 1993 and of Mutuelles du Mans from 1986 to 1992.
When Cosson became President of ACO in 1992, it was facing major difficulties. As an , ACO required a debt moratorium due to the installation of the Circuit de la Sarthe, which led the club to accumulate debts of 85 million francs. He collaborated with local and regional authorities to implement agreements on the repayment of debt. In 2001, a Syndicat Mixte took over the circuit's installations, therefore saving the 24 Hours of Le Mans event.
In the early 1990s, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) decided to end the World Sportscar Championship. This led the ACO to require its own recruitment of car manufacturers. After great pressure, the FIA and the ACO created the FIA World Endurance Championship in 2012.
After discussions with Don Panoz, Cosson created the Petit Le Mans in 1998. This race was the starting point for the American Le Mans Series, which was followed by the birth of the European Le Mans Series and the Asian Le Mans Series. After discussions with Claude Michy, the French motorcycle Grand Prix was raced at Le Mans beginning in 2000. After further discussions with , the Le Mans Classic was started in 2002. At a local level, Michel Cosson created the departmental commissions of the ACO.
Michel Cosson died on 11 June 2022 at the age of 90.
Distinctions
Knight of the Ordre national du Mérite
Knight of the Ordre des Palmes académiques
References
1931 births
2022 deaths
20th-century French businesspeople
21st-century French businesspeople
French motorsport people
Knights of the National Order of Merit (France)
Chevaliers of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques
Supélec alumni
Gazoros or Gazorus (Greek: ) was a town mentioned by Ptolemy to be in the region of Edonis or Odomantike and also by inscriptions of Hellenistic and Roman times. Later in the 4th century BC, it was annexed to the Macedonian kingdom and made a polis under Philip II of Macedon or the Antigonids. Artemis Gazoria or Gazoreitis was worshiped all over the region till Roman times. In the imperial times, according to epigraphic evidences, Gazoros was a member of a federation of five cities ("Pentapolis") that had its seat in the ancient city of Sirra (today Serres).
Gazoros is located in Greece 3 km to the east of the modern village with the same name, on the hill of "Haghios Athanasios". The modern town Gazoros is part of the municipality Nea Zichni, in the Serres regional unit of Central Macedonia.
See also
List of settlements in the Serres regional unit
References
Greek Travel Pages
Lower Macedonia
Populated places in Serres (regional unit)
Archaeological sites in Macedonia (Greece)
Geography of ancient Thrace
Central Macedonia
