Snake is an Uruguayan rock band formed in 1995 in Montevideo, Uruguay. It is considered one of the most popular rock bands in Uruguay, in the country's Latin rock scene.
Band members
Founding members
The founding members were all Armenian-Uruguayans. They were:
Mikael Boudakian - bass
Lalo Keoroglian - guitar
Alejandro Moumdjian - drums
After a long stay, Keoroglian was replaced by guitarists Miguel Bestard and Federico Navarro and the drummer Moumdjian was replaced by Mape Bossio.
Other past members
Miguel Bestard - guitar
Federico Navarro - guitar
Current members are
Marcelo Fontanini - vocals
Mikael Boudakian - bass guitar
Claudio Pintos - guitar
Mape Bossio - drums
Career
In December 2000, Snake released their debut album named Dos Pasajes Paramarte produced by Juan Campodónico and Carlos Casacuberta and edited independently, which was soon broadcast on Uruguayan radios, making it one of the most popular Uruguayan rock bands. In September 2001, Snake performed in Buenos Aires, Argentina with a great response. In May 2002, they toured the UNited States including a big concert in Los Angeles at the Roxy Theatre. In August of the same year, the Snake song "Suicida" was included in the compilation that was published for LAMC, a conference held in 2002 in New York, in which the annual revelations of Latin Rock were highlighted.
Returning triumphant to Montevideo, Snake launched their second video clip "Equis" in May 2003 during the Premios Graffiti (the main annual awards event of Uruguayan music) winnings "best music video of the year" with "Suicida" being played on rotation on MTV. Snake toured Argentina again in 2003 in addition to taking part in 2003-2004 in several big music festivals for the Latin rock scene.
In August 2004, Snake recorded their second album this time through studios in Buenos . The album Dejando Marcas was produced by Raúl and Osko Cariola (from Santos Innocentes) in co-production with Mikael Boudakian. being "Magnéticos" was the first single from the album. A second single, "Mordiendo la Ciudad" was also issued as a music video directed by Federico Alvarez. With rising popularity, they were featured at many important festivals including Pilsen Rock in Paysandú, Uruguay (150,000 attendants), Fiesta X (main venue carrying 23,000 people and at Baradero Rock in Argentina in 2005 also celebrating the band's 10th anniversary with a concert in "Central" Montevideo in the "Snake 10" show singing their best iconic songs in addition to a special version of The Beatles "Taxman" in Spanish. They also appeared in Gesell Rock festival in Argentina in 2006 and 2007 and in Bahia Rock Festival in La Paloma, Rocha, Uruguay in 2008. On 30 May 2008, they appeared in their show at Teatro Metro, Montevideo. In 2009, Snake held a concert at Kibon Beach in Pocitos, Montevideo for about 5,000 people.
In 2009, Snake released their fourth album El Diario de la Serpiente co-produced by Raul and Osko Cariola. The single "Ataque de Pánico!" was released in November 2009. The music video was based on the famous short film by Fede Álvarez and was directed and animated by Álvarez and Mauro Rondán. It took two years to finalize. The music video as a theme of the short film is cataloged as arguably the best video clip in the history of national Uruguayan rock. Another release from the album was "Los Antídotos". In 2009, long-standing member Alejandro Moumdjian left the band at the height of the band's success. The band has seen since a number of changes in the line-up.
On 9 October 2013, Snake opened for Aerosmith on the occasion of the first tour of Aerosmith in Uruguay. place on 09/10/2013 at the Centenario Montevideo stadium with approximately 22,000 people attending.
Discography
Albums
2000: Dos Pasajes Paramarte
2004: Dejando Marcas
2006: Snake 10
2009: El Diario de la Serpiente
Singles
2001: "Suicida" ("LAMC")
2002: "Equis".
2007: "Mordiendo la Ciudad"
2009: "Ataque de Pánico!"
Music videos
"Suicida "(2000)
"Equis" (2002) (Graffiti Award)
"Mordiendo la Ciudad" (2007)
" Ya no hay tiempo "
"Ataque de Pánico!" (2009) (Graffiti Award)
References
External links
Uruguayan rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1995
1995 establishments in Uruguay
WDSE may refer to:
WDSE (TV), a PBS member station in Duluth, Minnesota, United States
WDSE-FM, an adult album alternative radio station in Duluth, Minnesota, United States
Mithila Bambai Aam (Mithila's Bombay Mango) is a mango variation recognized by its unique sweetness and memorable smell compared to other types of mangoes cultivated in the Mithila region of Bihar and Nepal. The ideal season to produce Mithila Bambai Aam is early summer, as it is regularly at its ripest in June, notwithstanding infrequencies.
Types
There are mainly three varieties of the mango. They are Doma Bambai, Nejra Bambai and Sabja Bambai.
References
Mangoes
Mithila
Castor Hill is a mountain in the Tug Hill region of New York. It is located east of Greenboro in Oswego County. In 1927, an steel fire lookout tower was built on the mountain. Due to use of aerial detection the tower was closed at the end of the 1970 fire lookout season, and later removed in 1981.
History
In 1927, the Conservation Department built an Aermotor LS40 steel fire lookout tower on the mountain. In the 1950s, there was a dispute between the owner of the land and the Conservation Department. The dispute wasn't able to be resolved, so in 1961 the tower was dismantled and reassembled across the road in the Little John Game Management Area. Due to the use of aerial detection the tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1970 fire lookout season and was later removed in 1981.
References
Mountains of Oswego County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Jacob Bording (15 July 1511 – 5 September 1560) was a Flemish medical doctor and personal physician.
Life
Jacob (Nikolaus) Bording was the son of the Antwerp merchant Nikolaus Bording (1449–1520). His mother, born Adriane d'Adriani, was a daughter of an influential family from Utrecht. Her uncle, Adriaen Floriszoon Boeiens, later became (briefly) Pope Hadrian VI, the first and till now last pope from what subsequently became known as The Netherlands. After concluding his schooling in Antwerp he moved on to study classical languages at Leuven/Louvain.
In 1530 Bording moved on to Paris where he studied Aristotelian philosophy and medicine with the anatomist Jacques Dubois (1478–1555). After that he pursued his medical studies further at the University of Montpellier. While there he made the acquaintance of Jacopo Sadoleto, at this time the Bishop of Carpentras. Evidently the bishop was impressed. Through the bishop's mediation in 1537, Bording obtained a teaching post and relocated to Carpentras, a short distance to the east, becoming rector of the school, still aged only 26.
In 1538 he married. His bride, Franzisca Negroni (1523–1582), was the daughter of a Genoese aristocrat. Soon after that he travelled to Antwerp for a family visit. On returning south, in 1540 Bording moved on to the University of Bologna, where he received his doctorate in medicine the same year. That concluded his formal education, and he embarked on a career in teaching. By 1541, however, he had read and been convinced by the writings of Philip Melanchthon, an intellectual heavyweight of the Lutheran reformation. As an adherent of the "new doctrines" he could no longer remain in France without putting his life in danger. He returned with his medical qualification to Antwerp where for the next five years was able to combine work as a physician with lecturing on anatomy and surgery.
From the point of view of the young emperor, the growth of a popular alternative to the mainstream church represented a growing threat, and he became more stalwart in his defence of the true religion. In Antwerp Protestants were discouraged and persecuted, and Bording found it necessary to move on. By 1546 he had reached Hamburg where he settled for a few years, supporting himself as a city physician. Then, in 1549, he received an invitation from Henry V, Duke of Mecklenburg to accept a full professorship in medicine at Rostock. The professorship was to be combined with a post as personal physician to the duke. He relocated in 1550 and remained in Mecklenburg for seven years. In 1553 he had the chance to visit Wittenburg and meet up with Philip Melanchthon, by whose theological work his life had already been so much affected.
In 1557 he moved again, this time to Copenhagen in response to an offer received in April of that year, not dissimilar to the one he had received slightly less than a decade earlier from the Duke of Mecklenburg (who by this time had died). In Copenhagen Bording became personal physician to King Christian III. He was also appointed to a professorship in medicine at the university. A couple of years later, Bording served as university rector during 1559–1560. He was still the rector in September 1560 when his life came to its end. In 1558, as a mark of sincere appreciation, the king had given him a house at Hvidøre on the north side of Copenhagen. Bording's widow settled with the children back in Rostock, however.
Family
Jacob Bording and his wife had nine recorded children. Jakob Bording the younger (1547–1616) became Chancellor of Mecklenburg and mayor of Lübeck. His daughter Johanna (1544–1584) married the theologian and composer, Lucas Bacmeister (1530–1608).
References
Physicians from Antwerp
Physicians of the Habsburg Netherlands
University of Rostock faculty
University of Copenhagen faculty
Rectors of the University of Copenhagen
1511 births
1560 deaths
Tuxentius ertli, the Ertli's Pierrot, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Tanzania, Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of woodland at high elevations.
The larvae feed on Gouania longispicata.
References
Butterflies described in 1907
Polyommatini
Captain B P Tiwari (15 June 1911 - 2008) was an Indian military officer, politician and statesman. He was Zamindar from Panagar Jabalpur district in the Central Provinces of India.
During his service in the British India Army, Tiwari served as both a Lieutenant and later than Captain and in 1947 leading to India's independence, he left the army to join the Indian National Congress. In 1956, for the first time since he had joined the Indian National Congress, he was appointed Chairman of the Jabalpur District Development Council by the party.
During the 1960s and 1970s, Captain Tiwari served as a member of the Hitkarini Sabha in Jabalpur, and contributed significantly to the growth of educational institutions in the city.
Early life and education
Tiwari was born and raised as a Zamindar in Singaud (Jabalpur district), India. His formal education was completed at Robertson College Jabalpur, where he earned his Masters degree in Arts.
Career
Tiwari was commissioned a Lieutenant for the Indian Army in 1930. He spent a year attached to the East Yorkshire Regiment based in India before being sent to the British Indian Army and posted to the 16th Light Cavalry in 1932.
During World War II as a Captain, Tiwari served in Burma in 1945 with the 16th Light Cavalry. After 1947, he left the army to join the Indian National Congress and served as Chairman of the Jabalpur District Development Council in 1956. During his tenure as Chairman of the Jabalpur District Development Council, he was responsible for the development of educational projects and beautification of the towns and countryside of Singaud, Panagar, and the city of Jabalpur. He was also responsible for the construction of the Ravi Shankar Shukla Stadium in Jabalpur city and a sports facility to cater to local sports.
Tiwari was Chairman of the District Planning Committee in 1965. A member of the Indian National Congress committee in the 1960s, Tiwari is widely regarded as the "Kingmaker" in Indian politics during this time period. He also served as a member of District Rural Development Agency (DRDA).
See also
Hitkarini Sabha
Ravishankar Shukla Stadium
Singaud
Panagar
References
1911 births
2008 deaths
Indian Army officers
Indian politicians
People from Jabalpur
Indian National Congress politicians from Madhya Pradesh
Madhya Pradesh politicians
Educators from Madhya Pradesh
Joy: A Holiday Collection is the third studio album and first Christmas album by American singer-songwriter Jewel, released on November 2, 1999, through Atlantic Records. The radio-only single, "Joy to the World", was released in November the same year. Described as "an unashamed classicist Christmas album, featuring all of the usual carols delivered with strings and choirs", the album received platinum certifications in December 1999, and has sold 1,121,000 copies as of October 2013.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from AllMusic.
Musicians
Jewel – vocals, harmony vocals
Tawatha Agee – choir, chorus
Andre Baranowski
Terrance L. Barber Jr. – choir, chorus
Jerry Barnes – bass guitar, choir, chorus
Katreese Barnes – choir, chorus
Marion Beckenstein – choir, chorus
Peter Bliss – guitar
Danny Blume – guitar
Ann Ory Brown – choir, chorus
Sophie Buskin – children's chorus
Larry Campbell – pedal steel guitar
Sterling Campbell – drums
Lenedra Carroll – vocals, harmony vocals
Vivian Cherry – choir, chorus
Dennis Cinelli – lute
Angela Clemmons-Patrick – choir, chorus
Dennis Collins – choir, chorus
Patrick Duffey – children's chorus
Emily K. Eyre – choir, chorus
Keith Fluitt – choir, chorus
Gloria Gabriel – coordination
Katie Geissinger – choir, chorus
Diva Gray – choir, chorus
Wayne Hankin – choir, chorus
Netousha Harris – children's chorus
Alexis Kaleoff – children's chorus
Robbie Kondor – piano, keyboard
Mary Lee Kortes – background vocals, choir, chorus
Robbi Kumalo – choir, chorus
Cassidy Ladden – children's chorus
John Mahoney – keyboard
Arif Mardin – keyboard
Joe Mardin – keyboard, choir, chorus
Audrey Martells – choir, chorus
Willie Martinez – percussion
Chieli Minucci – guitar
Lee Musiker – keyboard
Michael O'Reilly – guitar
Gene Orloff – concertmaster
Wayne Pedzwater – bass guitar
Shawn Pelton – drums
Janice Pendarvis – choir, chorus
Leon Pendarvis – piano
Sophia Ramos – background vocals, choir, chorus
Eden Riegel – children's chorus
Winston Roye – bass guitar
Dakota Sanchez – children's chorus
Marlon Saunders – choir, chorus
Ira Siegel – guitar
Steve Skinner – keyboard
Allison M. Sniffin – choir, chorus
Elizabeth Stockton
Vaneese Thomas – choir, chorus
Fonzi Thornton – choir, chorus
Darryl Tookes – choir, chorus
Christopher Trousdale – children's chorus
Lori Ann Velez – choir, chorus
Audrey Wheeler – choir, chorus
James D-Train Williams – choir, chorus
Ken Williams – choir, chorus
Valerie Wilson – background vocals, choir, chorus
Lisbeth Zelle – children's chorus
Harry Zittel – children's chorus
Technical
Jewel – vocal arrangement
Arif Mardin – record producer, arranger, choir arrangement, conductor, orchestration, string arrangements, vocal arrangement
Joe Mardin – arranger, choir arrangement, conductor, orchestration, production, programming, vocal arrangement
Jerry Barnes – choir arrangement, vocal arrangement
Katreese Barnes – choir arrangement, vocal arrangement
Jennifer Baumann – photography
Lenedra Carroll – vocal arrangement
Rob Eberhardt – illustrations
Max Feldman – assistant engineer
Gloria Gabriel – production, production coordination
West Kennerly – photography
Robbie Kondor – orchestration, programming, synthesizer programming
George Marino – mastering
Lee Musiker – arranger
Benjamin Niles – art direction, artwork
Michael O'Reilly – engineer, mixing
Gene Orloff – concertmaster
Steve Skinner – arranger, orchestration, programming, synthesizer programming
Jason Stasium – assistant engineer
Chart performance
End-of-year charts
Certifications
|}
References
Jewel (singer) albums
Albums produced by Arif Mardin
Atlantic Records albums
1999 Christmas albums
Christmas albums by American artists
Folk rock Christmas albums
Pop rock Christmas albums
The 1993 Kentucky Wildcats football team represented the University of Kentucky in the 1993 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Wildcats scored 207 points while allowing 195 points. Kentucky played in the 1993 Peach Bowl.
Season
Kentucky opened with a 35–0 win over Kent State. Kentucky then lost to #7 Florida on a touchdown play at the end of the game, 24–20. A 24–8 loss at Indiana followed. Kentucky then won a nationally televised ESPN Thursday night matchup at South Carolina, 21–17, followed by a 21–0 shutout of #25 Ole Miss.
A 35–17 victory over LSU followed. Kentucky then lost 33–28 at Georgia in a nationally televised game. Kentucky then won 26–17 at Mississippi State, lost 12–7 at Vanderbilt, and clinched bowl eligibility with a 6–3 win against East Carolina. A 48–0 loss to Tennessee closed the regular season.
Kentucky closed the season in the 1993 Peach Bowl against #24 Clemson. Kentucky led for most of the game but lost on a late touchdown, 14–13.
Schedule
Personnel
Season summary
Florida
Team players in the 1994 NFL Draft
References
Kentucky
Kentucky Wildcats football seasons
Kentucky Wildcats football
Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the hip-hop group Geto Boys, released in 2002. It is the second compilation album released by Geto Boys (the other was Uncut Dope in 1992). Greatest Hits contains a bonus DVD in some copies and has songs from all of the Geto Boys' albums released up to 2002, from Making Trouble (1988) to Da Good da Bad & da Ugly (1998). There is also a song that had never appeared on any other Geto Boys album, "The Answer to Baby (Mary II)"; this also appeared in group member Scarface's compilation album, Balls and My Word (2003).
Track listing
Balls and My Word
Scarface
Mind Playin' Tricks
Straight Gangstaism
Six Feet Deep
World Is a Geto
Geto Boys and Girls
Let a Hoe Be a Hoe
It Ain't
Mind of a Lunatic
Chuckie
Trigga Happy Nigga
Crooked Officer
Gangsta (Put Me Down)
Damn It Feels Good To Be a Gangsta
Geto Fantasy
Answer to Baby (Mary II)
References
Geto Boys albums
2002 greatest hits albums
Albums produced by Mike Dean (record producer)
Gangsta rap compilation albums
These are the late night schedules for the four United States broadcast networks that offer programming during this time period, from September 1998 to August 1999. All times are Eastern or Pacific. Affiliates will fill non-network schedule with local, syndicated, or paid programming. Affiliates also have the option to preempt or delay network programming at their discretion.
Legend
Schedule
Note: NBC Nightside was cancelled in September 1998
By network
ABC
Returning series
ABC World News Now
Nightline
Politically Incorrect with Bill Maher
CBS
Returning series
Late Night with David Letterman
The Late Late Show with Tom Snyder
Up to the Minute
New series
The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn
Fox
Returning series
MADtv
NBC
Returning series
Friday Night
Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Later
Saturday Night Live
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
Not returning from 1997-98:
NBC Nightside
United States late night network television schedules
1998 in American television
1999 in American television
Carbon Recycling International (CRI) is an Icelandic limited liability company which has developed a technology designed to produce renewable methanol from carbon dioxide and hydrogen, using water electrolysis or, alternatively, hydrogen captured from industrial waste gases. The technology is trademarked by CRI as Emissions-to-Liquids (ETL) and the renewable methanol produced by CRI is trademarked as Vulcanol. In 2011 CRI became the first company to produce and sell liquid renewable transport fuel produced using only carbon dioxide, water and electricity from renewable sources.
History
CRI, incorporated in 2006, was founded by Fridrik Jonsson, Art Shulenberger, Oddur Ingolfsson, and KC Tran. In addition to Icelandic individuals and funds, investors include Canadian multinational methanol supplier and distributor Methanex and Chinese multinational automotive manufacturing company Geely.
CRI's first commercial scale plant, the George Olah Plant (named after George Andrew Olah, the 1994 Nobel Prize Laureate in chemistry), was completed in 2011. CRI is currently working on several new projects in parallel, including in an EU Horizon 2020 research programme funded MefCO2 consortium to build a renewable methanol demonstration plant in Germany and in the FreSME consortium to build a renewable methanol demonstration plant in Sweden.
Renewable methanol
Renewable methanol can be used as a fuel, chemical feedstock (including various types of fuels) or blended with gasoline. Fuels which are produced partially or fully from methanol include biodiesel, dimethyl ether or oxymethylene ether, as well as synthetic gasoline from the Mobil methanol-to-gasoline (MTG) process. Gasoline blends range from 3% methanol, which is allowed in European standard gasoline, to 56% methanol, a blend for flexible fuel vehicles which has the same energy density and oxygen content as E85 gasoline. CRI has run fleet tests with a range of lower blends and higher blend options in cars from different manufacturers, including 100% methanol in special flexible fuel vehicles manufactured by Geely. Renewable methanol is compatible with internal combustion engines as well as methanol fuel cells. Internal combustion engines that operate on 100% methanol are in production both for light vehicles, trucks and ships. Methanol fuel cells of varying energy density are available from multiple manufacturers in North America, Europe and Asia.
Production
Production of renewable methanol does not depend on agricultural resources, as hydrogen and carbon dioxide are the primary inputs. CRI's emissions-to-liquids production process is based on three main modules, carbon dioxide purification, hydrogen generation and the methanol synthesis and purification system. The catalytic conversion process from hydrogen and carbon dioxide occurs in one step, while production of methanol from fossil fuels, such as natural gas or coal, involves several reforming steps to obtain syngas followed by the catalytic step. Unlike some other power-to-fuel technologies, which use carbon dioxide and hydrogen as inputs, CRI's emissions-to-liquids process also does not require the carbon dioxide to be 'shifted' prior to the synthesis step.
Plants
The George Olah Plant, or the GO Plant, has a name-plate capacity of 5 million liters per year. It is located close to the Blue Lagoon spa facility and HS Orka's Svartsengi power station. The plant can capture and utilize around 10% of the carbon dioxide emitted by the Svartsengi power station.
Legislation
The European Union's renewable energy directive recognizes renewable methanol as a renewable transport fuel from non-biological sources, which means that it can be used as an advanced renewable transport fuel under the EU's renewable fuel blending mandates.
Impact
Carbon dioxide is a major cause of global warming. By removing carbon dioxide from industrial emissions and increasing the availability of energy derived from electricity or low-carbon intensity hydrogen, CRI's process helps to mitigate climate change. Renewable methanol burns cleanly as a fuel and substituting renewable methanol for gasoline and diesel fuels reduces urban emissions of particulate matter, sulphur oxides (SOx) and nitrous oxides (NOx).
CRI's process can also be used to store energy in the form of methanol, especially in cases where the energy source is intermittent. For example, wind and solar power are intermittently available. By storing energy from these sources in liquid chemical form, the generation of electricity and utilization of electricity does not have to be linked in time and space.. Methanol is also a good energy carrier. As a liquid fuel it is easier and cheaper to store and transport than gaseous fuels such as hydrogen or methane.
Future projects
CRI plans to implement standardized CSPs (commercial scale plants), each with a capacity of at least 50,000 tons of methanol production per year.
See also
Methanol economy
References
External links
Methanol Institute
Energy companies of Iceland
Renewable energy in Iceland
Renewable fuels
Companies based in Reykjavík
Renewable resource companies established in 2006
2006 establishments in Iceland
The Ministry of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs (), abbreviated KPDNHEP, is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for domestic trade, co-operatives, consumerism, franchise, companies, intellectual property, competition, controlled goods, price control, direct selling, consumer rights, trader.
Organisation
Minister of Domestic Trade, Co-operatives and Consumerism
Under the Authority of Minister
Competition Appeal Tribunal
Deputy Minister of Domestic Trade, Co-operatives and Consumerism
Secretary-General
Under the Authority of Secretary-General
Policy and Strategic Planning Division
Legal Division
Enforcement Division
Corporate Communication Unit
Petroleum Vehicles Subsidy Management Division
Internal Audit Division
Integrity Division
Delivery Management Office
Key Performance Indicator Unit
Ministry of Domestic Trade, Co-operatives and Consumerism State Offices
Deputy Secretary-General (Domestic Trade)
Franchise Development Division
Domestic Trade Division
Services Industry Division
Business Development Division
Co-operative Development Division
Deputy Secretary-General (Consumerism and Management)
Consumerism Movement Division
Research and Policy Division
Human Resources Division
Administration Services and Finance Division
Tribunal for Consumer Claims
Consumerism Standards Division
Information Management Division
Account Division
Federal agencies
Co-operative College of Malaysia, or Maktab Koperasi Malaysia (MKM). (Official site)
Companies Commission of Malaysia, Suruhanjaya Syarikat Malaysia (SSM). (Official site)
Malaysia Co-operative Societies Commission, or Suruhanjaya Koperasi Malaysia (SKM). (Official site)
Malaysia Competition Commission (MyCC), or Suruhanjaya Persaingan Malaysia. (Official site)
Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia (MyIPO), Perbadanan Harta Intelek Malaysia. (Official site)
Perbadanan Nasional Berhad (PNS). (Official site)
Bank Kerjasama Rakyat Malaysia Berhad (Bank Rakyat). (Official site)
Key legislation
The Ministry of Domestic Trade, Co-operatives and Consumerism is responsible for administration of several key Acts:
Ministry of Domestic Trade, Co-operatives and Consumerism
Weights and Measures Act 1972 [Act 71]
Control of Supplies Act 1961 [Act 122]
Petroleum Development Act 1974 [Act 144]
Hire-Purchase Act 1967 [Act 212]
Petroleum (Safety Measures) Act 1984 [Act 302]
Exclusive Economic Zone Act 1984 [Act 311]
Direct Sales and Anti-Pyramid Scheme Act 1993 [Act 500]
Franchise Act 1998 [Act 590]
Consumer Protection Act 1999 [Act 599]
Optical Discs Act 2000 [Act 606]
Electronic Commerce Act 2006 [Act 658]
Price Control and Anti-Profiteering Act 2011 [Act 723]
Trade Descriptions Act 2011 [Act 730]
Companies Commission of Malaysia
Kootu Funds (Prohibition) Act 1971 [Act 28]
Companies Act 1965 [Act 125]
Registration of Businesses Act 1956 [Act 197]
Companies Commission of Malaysia Act 2001 [Act 614]
Langkawi International Yacht Registry Act 2003 [Act 630]
Limited Liability Partnerships Act 2012 [Act 743]
Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia
Trade Marks Act 1976 [Act 175]
Patents Act 1983 [Act 291]
Copyright Act 1987 [Act 332]
Industrial Designs Act 1996 [Act 552]
Layout-Designs of Integrated Circuits Act 2000 [Act 601]
Geographical Indications Act 2000 [Act 602]
Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia Act 2002 [Act 617]
Co-operative College of Malaysia
Co-operative College (Incorporation) Act 1968 [Act 437]
Malaysia Co-operative Societies Commission
Co-operative Societies Act 1993 [Act 502]
Malaysia Co-operative Societies Commission Act 2007 [Act 665]
Bank Kerjasama Rakyat Malaysia Berhad
Bank Kerjasama Rakyat Malaysia Berhad (Special Provisions) Act 1978 [Act 202]
Malaysia Competition Commission
Competition Act 2010 [Act 712]
Competition Commission Act 2010 [Act 713]
Policy Priorities of the Government of the Day
National Intellectual Property Policy
Fair Trade Practices Policy
National Consumer Policy
National Co-operatives Policy
Programmes
1Malaysia Pengguna Bijak
Beli Barangan Buatan Malaysia
1Malaysia 1Harga
Friends of KPDNKK
Antipencatutan
Kedai Rakyat 1Malaysia
Menu Rakyat 1Malaysia
Pemasaran Produk Usahawan IKS di Pasar Raya
Legal Framework
The Federal Constitution allows Parliament to make laws related to trade, commerce and industry that include:
production, supply and distribution of goods; price control and food control; adulteration of foodstuffs and other goods;
imports into, and exports from, the Federation;
incorporation, regulation and winding up of corporations other than municipal corporations (but including the municipal corporation of the federal capital); regulation of foreign corporations; bounties on production in or export from the Federation;
insurance, including compulsory insurance;
patents; designs, inventions; trademarks and mercantile marks; copyrights;
establishment of standards of weights and measures;
establishment of standards of quality of goods manufactured in or exported from the Federation;
auctions and auctioneers;
industries; regulation of industrial undertakings;
subject to item 2(c) in the State List: Development of mineral resources; mines, mining, minerals and mineral ores; oils and oilfields; purchase, sale, import and export of minerals and mineral ores; petroleum products; regulation of labour and safety in mines and oilfields;
factories; boilers and machinery; dangerous trades; and
dangerous and inflammable substances.
See also
Minister of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs (Malaysia)
Deputy Minister of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs
References
External links
Ministry of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs
Federal ministries, departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Ministries established in 2009
2009 establishments in Malaysia
Interlitteraria is a peer-reviewed journal published in Tartu, Estonia by Tartu Ülikooli Kirjastus. The journal is international refereed edition of the Chair of Comparative Literature of Tartu University and the Estonian Association of Comparative Literature. It focuses on the field of comparative literature.
The journal's editor-in-chief is Jüri Talvet.
Its first volume was published in 1996.
The journal is issued once or twice per year.
References
Magazines published in Estonia
Literary magazines
Biannual journals
Publications established in 1996
Münchenwiler Castle or Château de Villars-les-Moines is a castle and former Cluniac priory in the municipality of Münchenwiler of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
In 1080-81 the village was given by the brothers Gerold and Rudolf de Vilar to Cluny Abbey. Shortly thereafter a priory was founded, which served as a way station for pilgrims on the Way of St. James. The Priory church was built in 1100, using spolia from the Roman ruins at Avenches. The small priory community normally consisted of a prior and two to four monks. The priory suffered during the local wars of the 14th and 15th centuries. It was damaged during the Battle of Laupen in 1339. Over a century later, in 1448, it was damaged again during the Freiburgkrieg between the emergent city-states of Bern and Fribourg. In 1476 it was damaged a third time during the Burgundian Wars. During the 15th century, the small priory began to lose importance until the office of prior was reduced to a title without power. In 1484, by papal decree, leadership of the priory was transferred to the college of canons of the Munster of Bern. In 1528, Bern adopted the Protestant Reformation. Despite resistance from Fribourg, in 1530 Bern was able to retain control and secularize Münchenwiler.
In 1535 Bern sold the Herrschaft of Münchenwiler to the former Bernese Schultheiss Hans Jakob von Wattenwyl. Over the next two years, under von Wattenwyl, portions of the priory church and priory buildings were converted into a castle. It remained with the von Wattenwyl family until 1612. For the next fifty years it passed through several owners, before the von Graffenried family acquired it in 1668 and held it until 1932. The castle was expanded in 1690 and again in the 19th century. A new chapel was added to the castle in 1886. Following the 1798 French invasion, Münchenwiler became part of the Helvetic Republic in the short lived Canton of Sarine et Broye. Under the new Republic, the castle's lands were transferred to the municipality. The von Graffenried family became impoverished in the early 20th century and in 1922 they began to sell some of their property in the area. In 1932 they sold the castle and its remaining park land to a consortium from Neuchâtel. In 1943 the consortium sold it to the Canton of Bern, who converted it into a community Hochschule. Later it became an adult education school before being renovated and converted into a hotel and convention center in 1986-90.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
The Hann Forest and Zoological Park (French: Parc forestier et zoologique de Hann) is a nature reserve located in Dakar, the capital of the African country of Senegal, in the Hann Bel-Air commune.
History
In 1903, Martial Henri Merlin, a French colonial administrator, decided to create a garden and a plant nursery in all the colonies of French West Africa, in this year, the surface of the garden was 73 hectares, in 1904, a Central Agronomic Station was created, in 1908, In 1912, trials were carried out for the introduction of species to the zoological park such as 8500 coconut trees from Benin, 1500 filaos and 3500 eucalyptus trees. Between 1914 and 1918, the fruit orchard was created where critical fruits, bananas and pineapples were planted. In 1933, the Melaleuca leucadendron plant was introduced to the zoo to reforest the swamp areas of the park. In 1935, the zoo is opened to the public and an aquarium is built. In 1940, the zoo served as a shelter for some residents of the city during the Battle of Dakar. In 1947, the arboretum of the zoological park was created, with the intention of conserving plants native to French West Africa. The first director of the zoo was Amadou Mactar Dieng, other zoo directors have also been commanders such as Lamine Guèye and colonels such as Omar Diagne, Kondé Sylla, Oumar Diaw, Madeleine Cissé and Mactar Fall. In 2002, it was reported that 134 animals including hyenas and gazelles were in the zoo, in 2013, the number of animals in the zoo was 187.
Species
The zoo has crocodiles, lions, Gambian geese, python reptiles, dingoes, guineafowls, dromedaries, turtles, pelicans, as well as different species of primates such as chimpanzees and cynocephalic primates, the zoo also has several roosters, parrots and pigeons. The zoo also has a botanical garden with many floral species.
Ethnobotanical Garden
The ethnobotanical garden (French: Jardin ethnobotanique) was inaugurated in 1934, it is divided into thirteen sectors and occupies 2.5 hectares, it preserves more than 250 types of plants including fruits, vegetables and medicinal plants.
Environmental Education Center
In October 2003, an educational center (French: Centre d'éducation environnementale) was inaugurated in the zoo for students to learn about environmental issues.
References
Zoos in Senegal
Tourist attractions in Senegal
1935 establishments in Africa
Montreux Suisse is a live album by the improvisational collective Air featuring Henry Threadgill, Steve McCall and Fred Hopkins recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival, in Switzerland in 1978. It has never been reissued on Compact Disc by itself, but it was included in the 8CD Complete Novus and Columbia Recordings of Henry Threadgill and Air set on Mosaic Records.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars, stating, "Air's music frequently takes several listens to appreciate, and that is true of this passionate yet thoughtful outing".
Track listing
All compositions by Henry Threadgill except as indicated
"Let's All Go Down to the Footwash" - 11:12
"Abra" - 12:50
"Suisse Air" (Henry Threadgill, Fred Hopkins, Steve McCall) - 15:07
Recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival on July 22, 1978
Personnel
Henry Threadgill - alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, baritone saxophone, hubkaphone
Fred Hopkins - bass
Steve McCall - drums, percussion
References
Air (free jazz trio) albums
1977 live albums
Albums produced by Michael Cuscuna
Novus Records live albums
Albums recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival
Yuanmiao Temple () is a Taoist temple located in Huicheng District of Huizhou, Guangdong, China. It is the site of Huizhou Taoist Association. It is hailed as one of "Three Largest Taoist Temples" alongside Sanyuan Palace and Chongxu Temple ().
History
Yuanmiao Temple was originally built in 633, under the Tang dynasty (618–907). It was renamed "Chaoyuan Temple" () and later "Kaiyuan Temple" () after enlarging in 748.
The temple was restored in 1296 in the reign of Temür Khan in the Yuan dynasty (1271–1368).
The temple was destroyed and rebuilt many times in the following Ming (1368–1644) and Qing dynasties (1644–1911).
In 1942, the Hall of Three Purities, Hall of Jade Emperor and wing hall were completely destroyed during the Japanese invasion of the Second Sino-Japanese War.
In 1966, Mao Zedong launched the ten-year Cultural Revolution, the Red Guards had attacked the temple, almost all of the scriptures, historical documents, and other works of art were either removed, damaged or destroyed in the massive socialist movement.
After the 3rd Plenary Session of the 11th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the policy of religious freedom was implemented. The temple was renovated and refurbished in 1982. That same year, it was officially reopened to the public.
Under the support of locals, the Hall of Jade Emperor and Hall of Three Purities were added to the temple in 1989.
Yuanmiao Temple was designated as a municipal-level cultural preservation unit in 1990.
Architecture
Now the existing main buildings include the Hall of Jade Emperor, Hall of Three Purities, Hall of Guanyin, Hall of Lord Guan, Bell tower, Drum tower, and Hall of Bao Zheng.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Taoist temples in Guangdong
Buildings and structures in Huizhou
Tourist attractions in Huizhou
1982 establishments in China
20th-century Buddhist temples
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1982
The Utilikilts Company is an American kilt company that was founded by Steven Villegas in April 2000. Villegas created his first kilt in the late '90s as an alternative to pants meant to offer freedom of movement, while working on his motorcycle. Created from an old pair of military pants, Villegas was so fond of his creation he wore it quite often around town. He was approached by his first customer, "a bouncer that you wouldn't want to mess with", at a local bar.
That first encounter encouraged him to produce more kilts, and sell them at the Pike Place Market and Fremont Street Market, in Seattle; where he met co-founder, Megan Haas. Villegas soon formed the Utilikilts Company, establishing both brick-and-mortar and web based storefront for the product. Haas left the company in 2005.
Commercial success
Utilikilt's commercial success is primarily from word of mouth, as the company does not pay for product placement or commercial endorsement and eschews professional models in favor of photos of actual customers. Despite this low-key approach, sales grew from 750 kilts the first year to over 11,000 three years later. The company received a big boost in recognition after Richard Hatch donned a Utilikilt on-screen in Survivor: All-Stars.
The Utilikilt was also used as part of the costume for the O.Z. rebels in the Sci-Fi Channel miniseries Tin Man (2007)
The character Lafayette wears a Utilikilt in the premiere episode of HBO series True Blood.
A Utilikilt is the featured prop promoting gender equality in Linda Biggs' artwork, "One of the Boys."
References
Further reading
External links
Clothing companies of the United States
Skirts
Culture of Seattle
Companies based in Seattle
American companies established in 2000
Clothing companies established in 2000
2000 establishments in Washington (state)
Jumbo is an unincorporated community in Webster County, West Virginia, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Libertyville is one of two commuter railroad stations on Metra's Milwaukee District North Line in Libertyville, Illinois. The station is officially located on 200 West Lake Street near Milwaukee Avenue (IL 21), is away from Union Station, the southern terminus of the line, and serves commuters between Union Station and Fox Lake, Illinois. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Libertyville is in zone H. As of 2018, Libertyville is the 65th busiest of Metra's 236 non-downtown stations, with an average of 801 weekday boardings.
As of 2022, Libertyville is served by 11 inbound trains and 14 outbound trains on weekdays, by nine trains in both directions on Saturdays, and by all nine trains in both directions on Sundays.
Parking is available at the station house on Lake Street and the corner of Milwaukee Avenue and Newberry Avenue. The main parking lot is accessible from the intersection of Lake Street and Brainerd Avenue, as well as Milwaukee Avenue along the south side of the tracks. A second smaller parking lot exists on the north side of Lake Street between Brainerd and Milwaukee Avenues. A parking garage is located at the corner of Lake Street and Brainerd Avenue, which can be accessed on both streets. All parking areas are south of the tracks.
Two other Metra stations exist in Libertyville, and both are in a section of town known as . One station serves the Milwaukee District North Line, while the other serves the North Central Service, with both stations in walking distance of each other.
The Libertyville station used to be east of Milwaukee Avenue near Newberry Avenue. Then a new station was built west of Milwaukee Avenue, and the old station site was converted into a gas station. Prior to that, the original station was located on First Street and was a terminus of the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad. The station was relocated to the east side of Milwaukee Avenue some time after a western extension of the railroad was built to Fox Lake and on into Wisconsin. The site of the original station at First Street continued to handle freight traffic for many years but is now the site of a condominium complex, although overgrown tracks still lead from the railroad to the site.
Libertyville and most other stations on the Fox Lake Subdivision are unlike many other stations in the Metra system, due to their one-track one-platform setup. The Fox Lake subdivision is single tracked for a majority of the branch, with only having two tracks and platforms. For this reason, some rush hour trains terminate at or .
References
External links
Station from Milwaukee Avenue from Google Maps Street View
Metra stations in Illinois
Former Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad stations
Libertyville, Illinois
Railway stations in Lake County, Illinois
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1881
The French Site (22HO565) is an archeological site in Carroll County, Mississippi and Holmes County, Mississippi. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
It is .
References
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Carroll County, Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Holmes County, Mississippi
The FC Kronach is a German association football club from the town of Kronach, Bavaria.
The club's greatest success have been its three seasons spent in the Fußball-Bayernliga, in 1971–72 and again from 1987 to 1989.
History
The club was formed on 5 April 1908. The club initially joined the leagues in neighbouring Thuringia due to the close proximity of Kronach to the border. After the First World War, the club started playing football in the Bavarian league system. In this era, the club managed a league championship in the A-Klasse Frankenwaldgau, which meant entitlement to enter the promotion round, where they were outplayed by clubs like FC Schweinfurt 05. After that, the club stagnated and was not particularly successful up until the mid-1960s.
The club first entered the tier-four Landesliga Bayern-Nord in 1967, a league formed four years earlier, and they were immediately competitive, finishing third in their first season there. After three seasons of upper table finishes, the side won the league in 1971 and earned promotion to the third division Bayernliga.
In the Bayernliga for the first time, in 1971–72, Kronach was struggling against relegation, eventually finishing 16th and three points from safety. Back in the Landesliga, FCK was not able to repeat past performances, coming eighth in their first year back and, after that, only achieving lower table finishes. Eventually, at the end of the 1977–78 season, the side was relegated back to the Bezirksliga.
Kronach spent the next six seasons at Bezirksliga level before once more making a return to the Landesliga. Again the club performed well as a newcomer, finishing fourth in their first two seasons back before they earned another league championship in 1987 and once more were promoted to the Bayernliga.
Back in Bavaria's highest league for a second stint, the club narrowly avoided relegation in their first year there, coming 13th and just a point clear of relegation. The following season, 1988–89, Kronach was only able to win three games and finished a distant last, 13 points clear of salvation.
In the Landesliga, the club achieved two good seasons after relegation, finishing fifth and sixth, but then declined and was relegated to the Bezirksoberliga Oberfranken in 1994. A league championship at this level however took the side straight back to the Landesliga. But overall, the club now entered an era of financial struggle, culminating in the necessity of having to sell its stadium to survive, which it since has been able to purchase back.
The team played three more seasons in the Landesliga from 1995 to 1998, followed by a permanent relegation from the league at the end of the 1997–98 season. FCK spent just as many seasons in the Bezirksoberliga from 1998 to 2001 before another relegation meant a permanent departure from this league, too. The club was handed straight through the Bezirksliga Oberfranken-West (VII) the following season and dropped down to the Kreisliga for the 2002–03 season.
The club played in the Bezirksliga once more in 2008–09 but came only 14th and was promptly relegated again. They made another return to the Bezirksliga in 2010 and were able to maintain the league this time round, playing in the league until 2014, when they were relegated again.
Honours
The club's honours:
League
Landesliga Bayern-Nord
Champions: 1971, 1987
Bezirksoberliga Oberfranken
Champions: 1995
Bezirksliga Oberfranken-West
Champions: 1967, 1984
Kreisliga Coburg-Kronach
Champions: 2008, 2010
A-Klasse Frankenwaldgau
Champions: 1925
Recent seasons
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
With the introduction of the Bezirksoberligas in 1988 as the new fifth tier, below the Landesligas, all leagues below dropped one tier. With the introduction of the Regionalligas in 1994 and the 3. Liga in 2008 as the new third tier, below the 2. Bundesliga, all leagues below dropped one tier. With the establishment of the Regionalliga Bayern as the new fourth tier in Bavaria in 2012 the Bayernliga was split into a northern and a southern division, the number of Landesligas expanded from three to five and the Bezirksoberligas abolished. All leagues from the Bezirksligas onwards were elevated one tier.
References
Sources
Die Bayernliga 1945–97 publisher: DSFS, published: 1998
External links
Official club website
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables
Manfreds Fussball Archiv Tables and results from the Bavarian amateur leagues
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Bavaria
Football in Upper Franconia
Association football clubs established in 1908
1908 establishments in Germany
Edil Baisalov () is a Kyrgyz politician, civil society activist who currently serves as the Kyrgyz Republic's Ambassador to the Court of St James's. He played prominent role in the Tulip Revolution of 2005 and following the 2010 Kyrgyzstani uprising on April 7, 2010 briefly served as Chief of Staff of the interim government led by Roza Otunbayeva. In 1999-2007 Baisalov led the 'Coalition for Civil Society and Democracy', the largest Kyrgyz advocacy and election monitoring network.
Early life
He was born on August 6, 1977 in Bishkek and grew up in Naryn. He studied in Turkey (1992–1993) and the United States (1994–1995) as an exchange student. He attended the American University of Central Asia and the Kyrgyz State National University.
Political career
In February 2003, the Kyrgyz government forcibly hospitalized Baisalov, preventing him from attending an NGO meeting.
Baisalov played a leading role in the Tulip Revolution of March 24, 2005.
Baisalov has campaigned against crime and corruption. On April 12, 2006 he survived an attempted assassination for his vocal criticism of President Kurmanbek Bakiyev's failure to battle organized crime.
In July 2006 he was the recipient of the American Bar Association's international rule of law award presented by the US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg with the following citation: "Edil Baisalov, President of the Coalition of NGOs for Democracy and Civil Society, Kyrgyzstan. Steadfast human rights advocate, he has promoted reform efforts designed to advance democracy and abate corruption in his country. He has persisted in doing so despite threats to, and even a violent assault on, his very life".In November 2006, Baisalov was involved in large anti-government demonstrations in Bishkek, acting as a spokesman for protesters. Shortly afterwards, Baisalov was again attacked in the Osh airport.
In August 2007 Baisalov joined the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan, chaired by then prime-minister Almazbek Atambaev. He played an important role in consolidating democratic opposition to President Kurmanbek Bakiev.
On December 4, 2007 Edil Baisalov was removed by the Central Election Commission of Kyrgyzstan from the candidates list of the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan and barred from participating in the 2007 parliamentary elections. Many activists and lawyers claimed this decision to be politically motivated and illegal. It was alleged that Baisalov published the ballot on his blog and the General Prosecutor charged him with attempt to undermine integrity of elections.
Baisalov claimed that he was a victim of political vendetta and left Kyrgyzstan on December 8, 2007 for Kazakhstan and was resettled with his family in Sweden by UNHCR.
In 2012-2013 Edil Baisalov served as acting Minister for Social Development, and later as deputy Minister for Social Development, with the responsibility for children, elderly and the disabled. His refusal to declare a moratorium on the international adoptions attracted controversy.
On May 28, 2019 Foreign Affairs Committee of Jogorku Kenesh approved and nominated Baisalov to be the Kyrgyz Republic Ambassador to the United Kingdom. His nomination was approved by the President Sooronbay Jeenbekov's decree on June 11, 2019. Edil Baisalov presented his credentials to Queen Elizabeth II on November 21, 2019, formally becoming Ambassador.
Quotes
"We should cherish our sovereignty. Central Asia is not anyone's back yard."
"We came out to the streets to demand that the government stop merging with organized crime. We demand law and order."
References
External links
Radio Free Europe biography (in Kyrgyz)
'Who is who' page on Akipress (in Russian)
Baisalov's Twitter account
Baisalov's LiveJournal blog (in Russian)
Living people
1977 births
People from Bishkek
Kyrgyzstani activists
Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan politicians
American University of Central Asia alumni
Kyrgyz National University alumni
The 2015 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were led by third year head coach Paul Petrino and played their home games at Kibbie Dome in Moscow, Idaho. The Vandals were football only members the Sun Belt Conference. They finished the season 4–8, 3–5 in Sun Belt play to finish in a five way tie for fifth place.
Schedule
Idaho announced their 2015 football schedule on February 27, 2015. The 2015 schedule consisted of six home and away games in the regular season. The Vandals hosted Sun Belt foes Appalachian State, Georgia Southern, Louisiana–Monroe, and Texas State, and traveled to Arkansas State, New Mexico State, South Alabama, and Troy.
Schedule source:
Game summaries
Ohio
at USC
Wofford
Georgia Southern
at Arkansas State
at Troy
Louisiana–Monroe
at New Mexico State
at South Alabama
Appalachian State
at Auburn
Texas State
References
Idaho
Idaho Vandals football seasons
Idaho Vandals football
Al Malik Al-Mujahid Asad ad-Din Shirkuh II was the Kurdish Ayyubid emir of Homs from 1186–1240. He was the son of An-Nasir Muhammad ibn Shirkuh, grandson of Shirkuh and second cousin of Saladin. His domains also included Palmyra and ar-Rahba.
Al Mujahid became emir at the age of thirteen when his father died unexpectedly in Homs on 4 March 1186 (10 Dhu'l Hijja 581).
External threats
Within the Ayyubid confederacy Hama was a marcher realm, bordering on the Crusader County of Tripoli and close to the great Hospitaller fortress of Krak des Chevaliers. The role of the emir of Hama was to prevent the Crusaders from raiding into northern Syria, despoiling the land, and threatening Aleppo or Damascus. Frequently Al-Mujahid worked together with his second cousins, the emir Bahramshah of Baalbek and Al-Mansur Muhammad of Hama, to repel Crusader raids and, on occasion, to make forays into Crusader territory. Thus in November 1197 (Muharram 594) Al Mujahid, together with Bahramshah of Baalbek and other emirs, sent forces to relieve the fortress of Toron, which was under siege from Crusader forces from the County of Tripoli. They were unable to drive the Franks off and the siege was not lifted until February 1198 (Rabi' I 594) when an Egyptian army sent by the Sultan Al-Aziz Uthman drew near. In May 1203 (Ramadan 599) Al Mujahid was directed by the Sultan Al-Adil to support a campaign by Al Mansur of Hama to attack Krak des Chevalliers and in the spring of 1207 (603) he took part in a campaign led by Al-Adil I to punish the Hospitallers for their constant raiding. The Ayyubid force laid siege to Tripoli, but eventually agreed to withdraw in return for the payment of tribute. In 1214-15 (611) both Al Mujahid of Homs and Al Mansur of Hama were threatened by a major incursion led by the Hospitallers, until Az-Zahir Ghazi put pressure on Hospitallers to leave them alone. In 1229 or 1230 (627) al Mujahid was victorious over the Hospitallers of Krak des Chevalliers at the battle of Afnun, a village between Bar'in and Hama, and many Franks were taken captive.
Major campaigns
Al Mujahid appears to have been an energetic military leader and he is recorded as having taken part in six major campaigns in which the various Ayyubid rulers combined their forces to attack external enemies. In a seventh major campaign the forces of Homs were led by his son, Al-Mansur Ibrahim. However Al-Mujahid's behaviour during the campaign of 1234 (631) into the lands of the Sultanate of Rum was quite remarkable. He spread a rumour that if Sultan Al-Kamil was successful in conquering territory, he would oblige the other Ayyubid rulers to exchange their existing realms for new ones in Anatolia, leaving Al-Kamil in control of both Egypt and Syria. As a result, morale was low on the campaign, which was driven back by Ala ad-Din Kayqubad. The campaign of 1235 (633) was more successful, and Al-Mujahid joined Al-Kamil once again as they took Edessa and Harran.
Internal struggles
On the death of Saladin in 1193, there was a power struggle between his sons Al-Afdal and Al-Aziz Uthman. Al Mujahid took part in the family conference held that year to try and resolve the differences between them. Some years later, in 1228-29 (626) he also took part in the siege of Damascus, which resulted in the removal of an-Nasir Dawud and the installation of Al-Ashraf. Some years later Al Mujahid was one of the leading elements of a coalition of Syrian Ayyubid rulers who sought to oust Sultan Al-Kamil of Egypt. However, in September 1237 (Muharram 635) the coalition's leader, Al-Ashraf of Damascus, died, leaving his allies dangerously exposed. Enlisting the help of Al Mujahid's neighbour, Al-Muzaffar Mahmud of Hama, Al Kamil embarked on a military expedition to remove Al Mujahid from Homs. Al Kamil was only persuaded to desist from attacking Homs in return for a payment of 2 million dirhams. A few weeks later, Al Kamil suddenly died, on 11 March 1238 (23 Rajab 635).
Conflict with Hama
In 1219 (616) there was a succession crisis in the neighbouring emirate of Hama when emir Al-Mansur Muhammad died. His second son, An-Nasir Kilich Arslan succeeded in usurping power before his older brother, the rightful heir Al-Muzaffar II Mahmud, could take the initiative. In consequence Al-Muzaffar had to wait nine years before he could assume the title of Emir, and was only able to do so because a conference organised by Al-Mujahid at Tall Ajul near Gaza established the terms on which other Ayyubid rulers would recognise him. One of these terms was that Al-Mujahid should receive the fief of Salamiyah. However, on taking control of the town, Al Mujahid built a great fortress nearby, which the ruler of Hama interpreted as a threat to him. This led to bad relations between the emirs, and when Al-Muzaffar joined Al-Kamil of Egypt in a campaign to oust Al-Mujahid, the tensions between them broke out into open conflict. When Al-Kamil died Al-Mujahid attacked the territory of Hama, devastating the countryside and diverting both the River Orontes and the canals which irrigated the fields around the city. However, he was unable to take the city, resulting in ongoing tensions and aggression between the two rulers for the remainder of their days.
In the diplomatic manoeuvres which followed the death of Al-Kamil, the emir of Hama, Al-Mujahid's old foe Al-Muzaffar, allied himself with As-Salih Ayyub and persuaded him that he could usefully secure his position in Syria before attacking Egypt by removing Al-Mujahid from Homs. In March 1239 (Sha'ban 636) As-Salih Ayyub set out with his forces to attack Homs, but soon after he received envoys from Egypt complaining of the rule of Al-Adil II and urging him to come and take power himself. In response, during April 1239 As-Salih Ayyub turned away from Homs and moved his forces south in preparation for an invasion of Egypt. As the threat receded, Al-Mujahid conspired with As-Salih Ayyub's uncle, As-Salih Ismail, to take Damascus and divide the Syrian domains between them. Their forces took Damascus on 28 September 1239 (27 Safar 637).
Death
Before Al Mujahid could benefit from the seizure of Damascus, he died in February 1240 (Rajab 637). He had ruled Homs for a remarkable 54 years, and during this time Homs was probably the most stable of the Ayyubid states. He was succeeded by his son Al-Mansur Ibrahim.
References
12th-century births
1240 deaths
12th-century Kurdish people
13th-century Kurdish people
12th-century Ayyubid rulers
13th-century Ayyubid rulers
12th-century Syrian people
Kurdish rulers
13th-century Syrian people
Kurdish Sunni Muslims
Muslims of the Fifth Crusade
Muslims of the Barons' Crusade
Year of birth unknown
Marian Turkowski (1894 - 1948) was a soldier of Polish Legions in World War I and Polish II Corps in Russia, and officer, later General brygady of the Polish Army. Altogether, Turkowski served in different military units from 1914 until 1948, with the exception for World War II (1939 - 1945), during which he was kept as a German prisoner of war at Oflag VII-A Murnau.
Turkowski was born on 28 July 1894 in the village of Iwkowa, which at that time belonged to Austrian Galicia. He attended a high school in nearby Bochnia, after which studied law at Jagiellonian University in Kraków. In 1914, Turkowski joined Polish Legions Second (then Third) Infantry Regiment. Wounded in the Battle of Kostiuchnówka (July 1916), he was captured by the Russians. Released in 1917, Turkowski joined Polish II Corps in Russia. Promoted to lieutenant, he fought in the Battle of Kaniów.
In November 1918, Turkowski joined the newly created Polish Army. In January 1919, he served in Białystok Rifle Regiment, which was in October 1921 renamed into 79th Infantry Regiment of Lew Sapieha. He fought in the Polish–Soviet War, and was captured by the Lithuanians.
In the Second Polish Republic, Turkowski commanded the 79th Infantry Regiment (until June 1933), infantry of the 27th Infantry Division at Kowel (1933 - 1935), lectured at the Center of Infantry Training at Rembertów (1935–1938), and finally commanded 3rd Legions Infantry Division from Zamość (May 1938 - September 1939). In 1938, Turkowski oversaw the destruction of Orthodox churches and prayer houses in the area east of Lublin .
In the Polish September Campaign, his division belonged to Operational Group of General Stanisław Skwarczyński, part of Prusy Army. Wounded in the Battle of Radom (8 September 1939), he was captured by the Germans, and sent to hospital. After release, Turkowski spent the war at Oflag VII-A Murnau in Bavaria.
In mid-1945 Turkowski returned to now-Communist Poland, and reentered the army. In 1946, as commandant of the 7th Infantry Division, he was promoted to General brygady. On 30 September 1948 Turkowski was released from active service, due to health problems. He died on 13 December 1948 in Warsaw, and was buried at the Powązki Cemetery.
Awards
Silver Cross of the Virtuti Militari (1922),
Officer Cross of the Polonia Restituta,
Order of the Cross of Grunwald, Third Class,
Cross of Independence (1931),
Gold Cross of Merit
Cross of Valour (Poland).
Sources
Tadeusz Jurga: Obrona Polski 1939. Warszawa: Instytut Wydawniczy PAX, 1990
1894 births
1948 deaths
Polish generals
Recipients of the Cross of Independence
Recipients of the Silver Cross of the Virtuti Militari
Recipients of the Cross of Valour (Poland)
Recipients of the Gold Cross of Merit (Poland)
Polish people of the Polish–Soviet War
Garrick's Villa is a Grade I listed country house located on Hampton Court Road in Hampton in the London Borough of Richmond upon the Thames. Its park and gardens are listed at Grade II by Historic England in the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens of special historic interest in England.
The house was originally constructed in the Middle Ages. The country house was initially listed as Hampton House prior to its acquisition by the actor and theatre manager David Garrick (1717–1779) in about 1754. Numerous alterations were made to it during Garrick's tenure by the neoclassical architect Robert Adam (1728–1792), including the portico, the building of an orangery and the construction of a tunnel under the road to connect with his riverside lawn. A wing was added to the west side of the house in 1864.
In the late 19th century, the house belonged first to the preacher John Chippendall Montesquieu Bellew (1823–1874) and then to his son, the actor Kyrle Bellew (1850–1911).
During the early part of the 20th century the house was the family home of Sir (James) Clifton Robinson (1848–1910), Managing Director and Chief Engineer of London United Tramways, and a single private tram track leading into the grounds was constructed. The house was converted into flats in 1922 and redeveloped again in 1969.
On 25 October 2008, during building works on the house, a fire broke out and was brought under control five hours later.
References
Buildings and structures on the River Thames
David Garrick
Grade I listed buildings in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
Grade I listed houses in London
Grade II listed parks and gardens in London
History of Middlesex
History of the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
Houses completed in 1773
Houses in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
Neoclassical architecture in London
Robert Adam buildings
Trams in London
Sippersfeld is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
In mathematics, the quotient (also called Serre quotient or Gabriel quotient) of an abelian category by a Serre subcategory is the abelian category which, intuitively, is obtained from by ignoring (i.e. treating as zero) all objects from . There is a canonical exact functor whose kernel is .
Definition
Formally, is the category whose objects are those of and whose morphisms from X to Y are given by the direct limit (of abelian groups) over subobjects and such that and . (Here, and denote quotient objects computed in .) Composition of morphisms in is induced by the universal property of the direct limit.
The canonical functor sends an object X to itself and a morphism to the corresponding element of the direct limit with X′ = X and Y′ = 0.
Examples
Let be a field and consider the abelian category of all vector spaces over . Then the full subcategory of finite-dimensional vector spaces is a Serre-subcategory of . The quotient has as objects the -vector spaces, and the set of morphisms from to in is (which is a quotient of vector spaces). This has the effect of identifying all finite-dimensional vector spaces with 0, and of identifying two linear maps whenever their difference has finite-dimensional image.
Properties
The quotient is an abelian category, and the canonical functor is exact. The kernel of is , i.e., is a zero object of if and only if belongs to .
The quotient and canonical functor are characterized by the following universal property: if is any abelian category and is an exact functor such that is a zero object of for each object , then there is a unique exact functor such that .
Gabriel–Popescu
The Gabriel–Popescu theorem states that any Grothendieck category is equivalent to a quotient category , where denotes the abelian category of right modules over some unital ring , and is some localizing subcategory of .
References
Category theory
Bogarttown is a community located at Mulock Drive and Leslie Street between Bayview Avenue and Woodbine Avenue in York Region, Ontario, Canada. Formerly a distinct rural hamlet, it is now a part of the Town of Newmarket, Ontario both administratively (since 1970) and more recently geographically owing to sprawling suburban development. The name is occasionally seen misspelled as Bogartown.
In 1805 John Bogart built a sawmill at the corner of what is now Mulock and Leslie. In following years a grist mill (1806) and woollen mill (1808) were added and a small community grew up around them. Bogart Pond is still there, though now surrounded by homes and condominiums, and the former community of Bogarttown has now all but been swallowed up by the rapid expansion of Newmarket.
The "Bogarttown Curve" was a locally known highway curve on the northeast corner of Mulock Drive and Leslie Street - the ambition of many local teenagers was to see what speed they could achieve around this curve. It was immortalized in song in 1995 by Andrew Walker in the song Bogarttown Curve performed by The Mummble Ducks. The Bogarttown curve and a corresponding curve at the intersection of Vivian Road and Woodbine Avenue (the "Pleasantville Curve") were installed to improve traffic flow in the 1960s, but removed as the intersections were upgraded again in the late 1990s and the traffic load on Woodbine Avenue fell dramatically when the 404 reached Mulock drive. The Bogarttown curve was for sale for development in 2005.
The Bogarttown schoolhouse (built in 1857 and believed to be the oldest brick schoolhouse in the province) became the original site of the Whitchurch-Stouffville Museum in 1971, but was moved to the community of Vandorf, Ontario after expropriation in 1978 for the construction of Highway 404. The actual Highway 404 extension was not completed until 1989 and now passes directly over the school's former location.
Bogarttown never grew into a large town, most likely because it was bypassed by the railway in the 1850s, unlike Newmarket.
Nearby Bogart Public School was named in honour of John Bogart and this pioneer community.
External links
History of Newmarket
Communities in the Regional Municipality of York
Newmarket, Ontario
Baykal (; , Bayqal) is a village in Vysokogorsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, situated south-east of Vysokaya Gora, the administrative center of the district. The village is situated on the Kazanka River. Baykal's population was 51 in 1989, 28 in 1997 and 24 in 2000; mostly ethnic Tatars (as on 1989). The main occupation of the residents is agriculture. There is a club in the village.
It was founded in 1930.
References
Rural localities in Vysokogorsky District
John Zanni (born June 20, 1962) is the Chief Executive Officer of Acronis SCS, an Arizona-based edge data security and cyber protection company that provides software to the US public sector. As part of this role, he often speaks at conferences, publishes articles, and participates in media interviews to discuss cybersecurity strategies, tools, and best practices. Prior to becoming Acronis SCS' CEO, Zanni held various leadership and management positions at Acronis, Parallels, and Microsoft.
Before joining the tech industry in 1994, Zanni managed his family-owned French restaurant, Le Rendezvous, in Newbury Park, California.
Career
1980–1993: Chef-owner, Le Rendezvous Restaurant, California.
1994–2010: General Manager, Worldwide Hosting and Cloud Industry, Microsoft.
2010–2013: Vice President of Service Provider Marketing and Alliances, Parallels.
2013–2014: Chief Marketing Officer, Parallels.
2014–2015: Senior Vice President of Cloud and Hosting Sales, Acronis.
2015–2017: Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President of Channel and Cloud Strategy, Acronis.
2017–2018: President, Acronis.
2018–2019: President, Acronis Foundation.
2018 – present: CEO, Acronis SCS.
See also
Acronis
Parallels, Inc.
References
Living people
1962 births
California State University, Northridge alumni
People from Santa Monica, California
Imma accuralis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1859. It is found in Sri Lanka.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are ochreous fuscous with a suffused darker discal dot or mark at three-fifths and a small ochreous-whitish oblique costal mark before the apex. There is a dark fuscous terminal line. The hindwings are dark fuscous, lighter towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1859
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The Azuis River is a river located Aurora do Tocantins in the state of Tocantins in Brazil. With an extension of only , the Azuis River is considered as the shortest river in Brazil and Latin America and the third shortest river in the world, according to the Guinness World Records.
See also
List of rivers of Tocantins
References
Rivers of Tocantins
is a draft of an amendment to the constitution of the Empire of Japan released by the Japanese Communist Party on 29 June 1946. This draft was published during a lively discussion on the legislation of the Japanese Constitution after the Pacific War.
The characteristics of the draft are the abolition of the Japanese Imperial system, the adoption of republicanism and democratic centralism, and the introduction of socialist policies.
External links
Draft Constitution of People's Republic of Japan
Politics of Japan
Republicanism in Japan
1946 in Japan
Provisional constitutions
Communism in Japan
Japanese Communist Party
1946 documents
1946 in Japanese politics
Marie-Clotilde Raizenne (April 12, 1766 – August 21, 1829) was a Roman Catholic nun in the Sisters of Charity of the Hôpital Général of Montreal and an educator. She took the name Sister Marie de l'Incarnation and founded the Congregation de l'Enfant-Jésus.
The daughter of Jean-Baptiste-Jérôme Raizenne and Marie-Charlotte Sabourin, she was born at Lac-des-Deux-Montagnes and attended the mission school there. In 1785, she joined the Grey Nuns at the Hôpital Général of Montreal. She was named sacristan and later treasurer, and in 1811 was placed in charge of the men's wing. In 1821, Raizenne was named assistant to the superior. In 1821, Bishop Alexander Macdonell invited the Grey Nuns to establish a school for girls in Upper Canada. Although the nuns refused this offer, Raizenne was interested and, in 1828, was released from the Grey Nuns by Bishop Bernard-Claude Panet. Because she was French-speaking, she decided to establish the school in Sandwich (later Windsor) in the Western District. By July 1929, the school had been established with 50 students and several candidates for the new order had been identified.
However, Raizenne died in Sandwich a few weeks later and the order's novices went elsewhere so, in the end, she was the first and only member of the congregation.
Her aunt Marie Raizenne was a superior in the Congregation of Notre Dame of Montreal.
References
1766 births
1829 deaths
Canadian Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
19th-century Canadian educators
Mak Chai-kwong GBS, JP (, born 16 June 1950) is a Hong Kong civil engineer and civil servant. He served as Permanent Secretary for Development (Works) from 2006 to 2010.
In 2012, he was appointed as Secretary for Development in the inaugural cabinet of C.Y. Leung, but resigned 12 days later in response of allegations of corruption in the 1980s, making him the shortest-serving cabinet minister in the history of Hong Kong. He was eventually acquitted in 2016.
Background
Mak studied in St. Joan of Arc Secondary School in Hong Kong. In 1973, Mak graduated from University of Hong Kong with a degree in civil engineering. He is current a fellow and senior member of many organizations including the Institution of Civil Engineers, Hong Kong Institution of Engineers, the Hong Kong Institution of Highways and Transportation, Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport, and the China Hong Kong Railway Institution.
He began his government career in 1973. In 1976 he was an assistant engineer involved in many KCR projects. In 1994, he was promoted to Chief Engineer, and by 1997, he began serving as Government Engineer. In 2000, he became Principal Government Engineer, which put him in charge of development projects in eastern New Territories, Tseung Kwan O, Sha Tin and Ma On Shan.
By 2002, Mak was Director of Highways in Hong Kong. In 2006, he became the Permanent Secretary for the Environment, Transport and Works (Works), which post became Permanent Secretary for Development (Works) in 2007. In 2010, Mak retired from the civil service, but he continued to serve in Sichuan Reconstruction Team as team leader for the Development Bureau.
Secretary for Development, and ICAC charge
Mak returned from retirement in July 2012 when he was appointed Secretary for Development in the inaugural government line-up of Chief Executive CY Leung.
Revelations immediately surfaced about a cross-leasing scam in which Mak allegedly fraudulently claimed housing allowance for five years from 1985, while a civil servant. The incident led to his arrest by the ICAC and his resignation on 12 July 2012, twelve days into his appointment. On 17 October, Mak was formally charged, jointly with assistant highways director Tsang King-man, with conspiring to defraud the government, to the personal benefit of HK$445,000. He was acquitted by the Court of Final Appeal in 2016.
Mak was replaced as Secretary for Development by Paul Chan, a former lawmaker in the Accountancy functional constituency.
Honours
In 2010, Mak was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star.
References
Government officials of Hong Kong
Hong Kong civil servants
1950 births
Living people
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 2012–2017
Maria Machteld van Sypesteyn (1724–1774) was a painter from the Netherlands.
Family
Maria Machteld van Sypesteyn was born in Haarlem as the daughter of the mayor Cornelis Ascanius van Sypesteyn (1694–1744), baljuw van Brederode, and Maria de Lange (1696–1744).
Life
Maria became a pupil of the Haarlem miniature painter Henriëtte Wolters-van Pee, who she probably met through her father, who was a regent of the Proveniershuis where Henrëtte lived. She is known for miniatures on ivory in the manner of her teacher.
Maria married the wealthy mr. Pieter van Schuylenburch, Moermond (1714–1764) on 9 July 1743 in The Hague and the couple lived in Haarlem, where her husband became mayor in the 1760s. He died relatively young in 1764 and was buried in the family grave in the St. Bavochurch.
In 1767 Maria remarried to another member of the Haarlem regency, mr. David van Lennep, who contracted Jurriaan Andriessen to paint new wall decorations in his Huis te Manpad for her.
Sypesteyn died in Heemstede and was buried in the St. Bavochurch. Most of her works are still in the family collection.
Gallery
References
Maria Machteld van Sypesteyn on blog by Hans Krol
Maria Machteld van Sypesteyn in 1001 Vrouwen uit de Nederlandse geschiedenis
1724 births
1774 deaths
Painters from Haarlem
18th-century Dutch painters
Dutch women painters
18th-century Dutch women artists
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1957 season.
Overview
It was contested by 5 teams, and KÍ Klaksvík won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Lew Yung-Chien RCA (1938) is a Chinese-born Canadian photographer, artist, and author. Known for his painterly nature photographs, Lew is a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts (RCA). A published author, he wrote and photo-illustrated L'esprit du taï-chi and received the Arts Society of China 2011 Award (Taiwan) for his illustrated book 60 Chinese Cookies. He has lectured and exhibited in Quebec, California, and China.
Life and career
Lew Yung-Chien (Yung-Chien Lew) was born in Shanghai, China, in 1938. As a youth, Lew studied traditional Chinese calligraphy and dry brush painting, before attending the College of Fine and Applied Arts at the National Taiwan Normal University. While in Taipei he also studied Tai Chi under master Cheng Man-ch'ing and incorporated the discipline into his work and life. He graduated from university in 1961 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) degree, and, from 1963 to 1967, studied graphic design at the École supérieure des arts modernes in Paris. He then moved to Montreal where he worked as a graphic designer under Claude LeSauteur at Cabana Séguin Inc. In 1975 Lew co-founded the studio Communication et Design Hablutzel & Yung Inc. with Peter Hablutzel, and was the firm's president and sole proprietor by 1979. Known for creating logo designs for Bell Canada Enterprises (BCE), Noverco, and SNC-Lavalin, he was interviewed for the design magazine G in 1989. Throughout his corporate career, Lew painted as well as practised calligraphy and pottery.
In 1995 Lew began to focus on photography, intercultural communication, and Tai Chi. A frequent traveler to Taiwan and China as well as California, Lew photographed landscapes and abstract patterns within nature. A practitioner of Tai Chi Cheng, he continued to study the discipline in Beijing. A cross-cultural adviser to corporations and governments, Lew also guest lectured at leadership workshops at McGill University's School of Management, where he introduced Tai Chi as a means to improve self-knowledge, design, and problem-solving skills. He also instructed Tai Chi at McGill's Institute for the Public Life of Arts and Ideas, and at the university's Faculty of Medecine. Lew also combined photography with Tai Chi philosophy and practice in the book L'esprit du taï-chi, published in 2009. He also taught the course Tai Chi and the Brush at the Visual Art Centre in Westmount (Montreal). In 2011 Lew's book of drawings, calligraphy, and philosophical sayings 60 Chinese Cookies was published in Montreal. Awarded the Arts Society of China 2011 Award (Taiwan), the book was published in New York as 60 Fortune Cookies in 2014.
In recognition of his work, Lew was selected artist-in-residence at the Banff Centre of the Arts and exhibited there in 2001. A solo exhibition of his photographs and paintings was also held at the City of Westmount's Gallery at Victoria Hall in 2006. Since then he has exhibited at Silicon Valley Asian Art Center (Santa Clara CA), and at Qinzheart Gallery in Hangzhou China. In recent years Lew developed a photographic theory called "Swiftism" advocating spontaneity with the use of a camera like a brush. Recognized for his photography, Lew was elected to the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts (RCA), and participated in the association's new-members' exhibition at gallery Beaux-arts des Amériques (Montreal) in 2015.
Books
L'esprit du taï-chi
In 2009 Lew's book on photography and Tai Chi L'esprit du taï-chi: sentir que les poissons sont contents was published. Written in collaboration with journalist Michel P. Dufour, the book was described in the Bibliothèques de Montréal's recommendation list as: "the text is accompanied by photography, calligraphy, and illustrations which inspires calm, contemplation and wonder... to enhance health and harmony between body and spirit." The book was reviewed in the literary magazine Nuit Blanche as "a superb introduction to Tai Chi".
60 Chinese Cookies
60 Biscuits Chinois / 60 Chinese Cookies is described as "60 simple observations or insights, each illustrated with one of his drawings... with the author's thoughts expressed in English, French and through Chinese calligraphy." Reviewed in The Gazette (Montreal), Monique Polak wrote: "Lew reminds us of things we already knew, but need to remember ("A careless word is like a careless match") and asks questions ("What is most precious to you?") that will linger in our minds long after we've put his book away."
Glimmerings of Eternity
Lew's book of photographs taken throughout the world, Éclats d'éternité / Glimmerings of Eternity, was published in 2017. Accompanied by 50 inspirational thoughts presented in English, French, and Chinese, the book is described as both a humorous and philosophic exploration of life's meaning. Published in 2017, Nuit Blanche reviewer Jean-Paul Beaumier, wrote that at times Lew's photographs "translate what is concealed from view or invite viewers to lose themselves within their beauty."
References
External links
Photo Gallery Web.
"Trees of Life." Documentary on Lew Yung-Chien by Esther Viragh. Radio Canada International. 2007. [vision.rcinet.ca/video/57O16OGY3OAW/Trees-of-Life/2 Video.]
"L'esprit du tai-chi." Interview of Lew Yung-Chien et Jean-Pierre Charbonneau by Louis Lemieux. Radio Canada. 11 Oct 2009. Video.
Blanchette, Josée. "Le chef et le philosophe." Le Devoir. 27 Nov 2009. Print. Web.
1938 births
Living people
Canadian photographers
Members of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts
Chris Barnes (born February 25, 1970) is an American professional bowler and member of the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA), who currently competes on both the PBA Tour and PBA50 Tour. He has also competed internationally as a member of Team USA.
Barnes, a right-handed bowler, has been one of the leading professionals on the tour. He has won 19 PBA Tour titles and over $2.4 million (U.S.) in total prize money during his 20-year career. He has earned at least $100,000 in 14 PBA seasons, including 12 consecutive seasons (1999 through 2010–11). He won the PBA Rookie of the Year Award in 1998 and earned PBA Player of the Year honors in the 2007–08 season. At the time, this made him only the third bowler in PBA history to win both Rookie of the Year and Player of the Year honors in a career, after Mike Aulby and Tommy Jones. Jason Belmonte and E. J. Tackett have since joined that group. Barnes is one of only eight players in PBA history to earn a career "triple crown" (accomplished by winning the U.S. Open, PBA World Championship and PBA Tournament of Champions). On October 18, 2017, the PBA announced that Barnes had been voted into the PBA Hall of Fame; he was inducted with the 2018 class.
To date, Barnes has rolled 55 perfect 300 games in PBA competition, including the 22nd nationally televised 300 game. He has also won four PBA50 titles and 28 PBA Regional Tour titles.
Barnes is a pro staffer for 900 Global, Vise Grips and 3G shoes.
Personal life
Chris has been married to Lynda Barnes ( Norry) since 1999. Lynda is an accomplished PWBA bowler in her own right who has represented the United States in international competition as a longtime member of Team USA, and currently bowls for Senior Team USA. She is also a two-time winner of the USBC Queens and won the 2008 USBC Clash of the Champions tournament.
The Barnes family lives in Denton, Texas. The Barnes' sons, Troy and Ryan, were born in May, 2002.
Career achievements
Amateur career
Barnes attended Topeka High School, and then bowled collegiately at Wichita State University, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Management. He is a 16-time member of Team USA (1994–1998 and 2008–2018), and has also captained the US team in the Weber Cup.
PBA and World Bowling Tours
Barnes currently owns 19 career PBA Tour titles, placing him 16th all-time. His titles include the 62nd U.S. Open, the 2006 Dexter Tournament of Champions and the 2011 PBA World Championship. Winning these three majors makes him just one of seven PBA players to have earned a career "triple crown." He had won at least one title in eight consecutive seasons, before being shut out in the 2009–10 season despite four TV Finals appearances. Barnes only needs a USBC Masters title to complete a career "grand slam." He has qualified as the #1 seed in the Masters three times, but has yet to win it. Barnes also owns 28 PBA Regional titles through 2018.
In the 2004–05 season, Barnes posted career highs in average (226.69) and earnings ($194,300) while winning his first major title at the 2005 U.S. Open. He also won the first two PBA Motel 6 Roll to Riches tournaments in 2005 and 2006, which included a winner-take-all grand prize of $200,000. At the time, these were the two largest prize checks in the history of televised bowling, but the earnings do not count toward PBA totals. The 2006 tournament was held in Lewisville, Texas, a mere eight miles from his residence. In 2007, Barnes narrowly missed having an opportunity for a three-peat at the event. His first chance to earn a spot in the event would have been by winning a major title. He made the TV finals for the 2007 World Championship and Tournament of Champions, but he did not win either. He also could have earned a spot on the show as the World Point Rankings leader, but he finished second behind Wes Malott. And lastly, he could have made it as one of the top two vote getters in an online fan poll, held on www.pba.com. But Barnes finished third, behind legends Walter Ray Williams Jr. and Norm Duke.
Barnes was the fastest player to reach $1,000,000 in career earnings, reaching that mark in 220 events, easily eclipsing the previous record of 253 events held by Pete Weber and Jason Couch. This record has since been bested by Australian Jason Belmonte, who reached the $1,000,000 earnings mark in only 131 events. Barnes eclipsed the $1.5 million mark in total PBA tour earnings during the 2007–08 season. He was ranked #26 on the PBA's 2008 list of "50 Greatest Players of the last 50 years."
Barnes along with his wife participated in the 2008 and 2009 USBC Clash of Champions, a special televised event on CBS. Lynda won the event in 2008, defeating Sean Rash by a 258–237 score in the championship match. The following year, it was Chris who advanced to the championship finals, winning the tournament over Rebekah Diers, 257–207. He and Lynda are the only two players to win the USBC Clash of Champions.
Barnes bowled the PBA's 22nd-ever televised 300 game in a semifinal match of the 2011 GEICO Shark Open at the PBA World Series of Bowling (broadcast March 4, 2012).
Barnes won the 2014 QubicaAMF World Cup, and he achieved a televised 300 game in the semifinals before defeating Germany's Tobias Börding
in the two-game final, 269–248 and 231–216. He would roll another 300 game in the semifinals of the 2015 DHC PBA Japan Invitational, which was broadcast live on Japanese television as well as on the PBA's Xtra Frame webcast service. Barnes won a 5 million Yen ($43,032 USD) bonus for the 300 game in that tournament, in addition to the 5 million Yen he also won for winning the tournament itself.
On September 30, 2015, Barnes announced he would undergo surgery to repair a herniated disc in his back, forcing him to withdraw from the PBA Fall Classic in Las Vegas, NV, and putting his participation in the December 2015 PBA World Series of Bowling in doubt. The surgery is the same procedure that was done to Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo, and was performed by the same doctor.
On November 20, 2018, Barnes was voted by his peers to receive the PBA Tony Reyes Community Service Award. Since 2005, Chris and wife Lynda have hosted an annual Barnes Thanksgiving Classic youth scholarship tournament in the Dallas area.
PBA50 Tour
Barnes joined the PBA50 Tour (for players 50 years and older) in 2020, but the season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In his fourth event of the 2021 season on June 30, Barnes won his first PBA50 Tour title at the PBA50 Cup in Lubbock, Texas.
Barnes captured three PBA50 titles in 2022, at the Granville Financial Open in Aberdeen, North Carolina, David Small's Championship Lanes Open in Anderson, Indiana, and David Small's JAX60 Open in Jackson, Michigan.
Hall of Fame
On October 18, 2017, the PBA announced that Barnes had been voted into the PBA Hall of Fame. He was officially inducted on February 17, 2018 as part of the PBA's 60th Anniversary festivities in Indianapolis.
PBA titles
PBA Tour
Major championships are in bold text.
1999 Flagship Open (Erie, Pennsylvania)
1999 PBA Oregon Open (Portland, Oregon)
2001 PBA Greater Nashville Open (Hendersonville, Tennessee)
2003 Days Inn Open (Dallas, Texas)
2003 Oranamin C Japan Cup (Tokyo, Japan)
2005 62nd U.S. Open (North Brunswick, New Jersey)
2006 Dexter Tournament of Champions (Uncasville, Connecticut)
2007 GEICO Classic (Irving, Texas)
2008 Bayer Classic (El Paso, Texas)
2008 Don Johnson Buckeye State Classic (Columbus, Ohio)
2009 Don Johnson Buckeye State Eliminator Championship (Columbus, Ohio)
2009 Go RVing Match Play Championship (Norwich, Connecticut)
2010 PBA World Championship (Las Vegas, Nevada)
2012 Columbia 300 Vienna Open (Vienna, Austria)
2013 Lucas Oil PBA Milwaukee Open (Milwaukee, Wisconsin)
2013 WSOB Viper Championship (Las Vegas, Nevada)
2014 Emir Cup (Doha, Qatar)
2015 DHC Japan Invitational (Tokyo, Japan)
2018 PBA Xtra Frame Lubbock Sports Open (Lubbock, Texas)
PBA50 Tour
2021 PBA50 Cup (Lubbock, Texas)
2022 PBA50 Granville Financial Open (Aberdeen, North Carolina)
2022 PBA50 David Small's Championship Lanes Open (Anderson, Indiana)
2022 PBA50 David Small's JAX60 Open (Jackson, Michigan)
Difficulties in televised finals
Barnes has often struggled in the live televised finals of many tournaments. His 19 titles have come in 87 championship round appearances, and he has finished runner-up 25 times. In the 2000 season alone, he made 12 TV finals without winning a title—to date the most season TV finals appearances without a victory in PBA Tour history.
On two occasions, Barnes has lost a match in a PBA major by a single pin:
In January 2008, he faced Michael Haugen Jr. in the finals of the PBA Tournament of Champions in Las Vegas. Through six frames, Barnes held a 53-pin lead over his competitor, and seemed to have the match well in hand. Up by 41 pins in the ninth, Barnes left the 10-pin standing on his first throw and narrowly missed his spare. Haugen, who had strikes in his previous two frames, struck in the ninth to cut the lead to 19. Haugen went on to throw two strikes and 9 pins in the final frame, forcing Barnes to throw two strikes and one pin in the last frame to win. He left the 2-pin and spared in the tenth, and needed a strike on his final throw to force a roll-off. This time he left the 4-pin standing to give Haugen his first career major victory, 215–214.
In April 2009, Barnes qualified as the #2 seed in the U.S. Open. A title in this tournament would have given him his second straight Player of the Year award. In the semifinal match against Mike Scroggins, Barnes needed a strike on the first ball and six pins on the second ball in the 10th frame to move on to the title match. On what appeared to be a clean pocket hit, however, he left a single 8-pin standing. After making the spare, he still could have forced a sudden-death roll-off by striking on his final shot. This time, he left a single 10-pin, giving Scroggins a 200–199 victory.
In January 2010, Barnes was the #1 seed in the finals of the 2010 PBA Tournament of Champions in Las Vegas, but was defeated by Kelly Kulick, 265–195. Kulick made history in this match by becoming the first woman to win a PBA Tour title.
In February 2010, Barnes again qualified as the #1 seed at the USBC Masters, however he lost to Walter Ray Williams Jr. in the televised championship match 290-217.
In April 2011, Barnes had a chance to win the first-ever Dick Weber PBA Playoffs. In the final match against Dick Allen, he had a 25-pin lead after five frames before leaving back-to-back 7–10 splits on pocket hits.
Career PBA statistics
Statistics are through the last complete PBA Tour season.
+ Please note: CRA is an abbreviation for Championship Round Appearances.
In the media
During the 2006–07 Denny's PBA Tour season, fellow Denny's PBA Tour bowler Norm Duke took part in the ESPN telecasts for events in which he failed to reach the TV Finals. Along with Dave Ryan and Randy Pedersen, he served as a second color commentator. However, during events in which Duke made the TV Finals, Barnes filled in as the third commentator. In the 2011–12 season, Barnes has been the third commentator for several World Series of Bowling finals events, joining Pedersen and Rob Stone. He also served as a laneside reporter for the 2019 PBA Tour Finals on CBS Sports Network.
Barnes is also an official Sport bowling spokesperson for the United States Bowling Congress (USBC).
A League of Ordinary Gentlemen
Barnes is featured in the 2006 documentary A League of Ordinary Gentlemen, along with PBA Tour stars Pete Weber and Walter Ray Williams Jr., and 20-time PBA Tour titlist Wayne Webb. The film follows the four bowlers as they take part in the 2002–03 PBA Tour season.
World Bowling accomplishments
In addition to his PBA accomplishments, Chris also won the World Tenpin Masters tournament in 2006 and was a semi-finalist in 2007 (losing to eventual tournament winner, Jason Belmonte of Australia). In 2008, he made the finals of the World Tenpin Masters, but lost to Guy Caminsky of South Africa. At the end of the 2007–08 season, he was ranked second in the PBA World Point rankings to Walter Ray Williams Jr.
Barnes won four gold medals at the American Zone Championships in Costa Rica in 1997. He represented the USA at the WTBA Championships in Bangkok, Thailand in 2008. Chris was also chosen (along with female pro Stefanie Nation) to represent Team USA at the 2009 World Games, which took place in Kaohsiung, Taiwan in July, 2009.
In the 2009 Pan American Bowling Confederation (PABCON) Championships, Barnes helped Team USA gain a sweep of all six medals with his gold medal in the Masters singles event.
Barnes captained Team USA in its 2019 Weber Cup win over Team Europe. He participated in 12 of the 32 matches, going 5–2 in singles, and 1–2 in doubles, and 1–1 in team.
Skills Challenge
Barnes is one of the top skill shot bowlers on the tour today. He has made the "Flying Eagle" more than anyone, but perhaps his greatest skills shot is his ability to bowl with his opposite hand, his left hand. PBA commentator Randy Pedersen jokingly stated that Barnes could be "borderline ambidextrous" on a Skills Challenge telecast, after Barnes threw a left-handed strike with the ball rolling under a chair placed on the lane.
His skills paid off in the 2005 Miller High Life Skills Challenge, when he defeated Parker Bohn III for the $20,000 top prize. In the 2006 PBA Skills Challenge, Barnes lost to eventual champion Norm Duke in the semifinals. For the 2006–07 Denny's PBA Tour season, bowlers competed in pairs. Barnes teamed up with 13-time tour titlist Del Ballard Jr. They were defeated in the opening round by Wes Malott and Chris Johnson.
Professional putting
Prior to his bowling career, Barnes was a member of the Professional Putters Association, where he played professional Putt-Putt tournaments. In 1989, Barnes made his first television appearance earning $7,000 in the Putt-Putt SKINS game.
References
External links
Industry profile of Chris Barnes
Chris Barnes Q&A on PBA.com
Chris Barnes clips
Story and picture about Chris Barnes winning the 2006 World Tenpin Masters
American ten-pin bowling players
Wichita State Shockers athletes
Bowling broadcasters
Bowlers at the 2011 Pan American Games
1970 births
Living people
Pan American Games medalists in bowling
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 2011 Pan American Games
Enyiresi is a town in the Atiwa District of the Eastern Region of Ghana.
References
See also
Populated places in the Eastern Region (Ghana)
Kansas City BBQ may refer to:
Kansas City-style barbecue, one of the four predominant regional styles of barbecue in the United States
Kansas City Barbeque, a restaurant and bar in San Diego, California
Sibyl Murphree Pool (1901–1973) was a politician from Alabama. She was first appointed as the Secretary of State of Alabama in 1944 following the resignation of David Howell Turner. In 1950, she was elected Alabama State Treasurer and served until 1955.
Pool was born in 1901 in York, Alabama. She graduated from Alabama State College for Women, now known as the University of Montevallo. She then went on to attend the Livingston State Teacher's College. In 1936, she was elected to fill in a two-year vacancy in the Alabama House of Representatives. In 1944, Governor Chauncey Sparks appointed Pool to serve as Secretary of State. In 1946, she became the first woman elected to statewide office in Alabama as Secretary of State. She ran for treasurer in 1950 and carried 65 of 67 of Alabama's counties. In 1954, she was elected to the first of four terms on the Alabama Public Service Commission, garnishing the largest percentage of the vote in all 67 counties.
She died in 1973.
References
1901 births
1973 deaths
Members of the Alabama House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Alabama
Alabama Democrats
Secretaries of State of Alabama
State treasurers of Alabama
People from Sumter County, Alabama
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
Women state constitutional officers of Alabama
The eye-ringed flatbill (Rhynchocyclus brevirostris) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Belize, Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, and Panama, with a slight incursion into Colombia at the south end of its range. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Pacific flatbill (R. pacificus) is sometimes still considered a subspecies of R. brevirostris.
This species measures . It has olive-green upperparts and green streaked breast grading to a yellowish belly and white vent. Then tail is also green. Its face is grey with a prominent white eye ring. The short, flat bill is bicolored, with the upper mandible dark grey and the lower mandible pinkish orange.
The call is a sharp .
References
Further reading
External links
eye-ringed flatbill
Birds of Central America
eye-ringed flatbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Charles William Gittins (born October 26, 1956) is an American lawyer, who has worked for a number of noteworthy defendants in military courts martial.
Gittins attended the United States Naval Academy, graduating in 1979. He then joined the Marine Corps where he served as a Radar Intercept Officer.
Gittins graduated first in his class from The Catholic University of America's Columbus School of Law in 1987 and was in the Judge Advocate Corps for six years, before entering civilian life.
The first civilian firm Gittins worked for was Williams & Connolly. While there he defended Robert E. Stumpf, Commander of the Blue Angels, and one of the principals in the Tailhook scandal.
He spent three and a half years there before founding his own firm.
Clients
See also
References
Living people
United States Marine Corps officers
1956 births
Columbus School of Law alumni
Babakhanyan or Babakhanian is an Armenian surname derived from the Central Asian name Babakhan. It may refer to:
Arakel Babakhanian, commonly known as Leo (1860–1932), Armenian historian, publicist, writer, critic and professor
Armen Babakhanian, Armenian pianist
David Babakhanyan (born 1975), Armenian film director, producer and screenwriter
Hovhannes Babakhanyan (born 1968), Armenian-American actor and singer
See also
Babakhanov
Master of the World (), published in 1904, is one of the last novels by French pioneer science fiction writer, Jules Verne. At the time Verne wrote the novel, his health was failing. Master of the World is a "black novel," filled with foreboding and fear of the rise of tyrants such as the novel's villain, Robur, and totalitarianism.
Plot outline
Set in the summer of 1903, a series of unexplained events occur across the Eastern United States, caused by objects moving with such great speed that they are nearly invisible. The first-person narrator, John Strock, 'Head inspector in the federal police department' in Washington, DC, travels to the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina to investigate. He discovers that all the phenomena are being caused by Robur, a brilliant inventor. (He was previously featured as a character in Verne's Robur the Conqueror.)
Robur has perfected a new machine, which he has dubbed the Terror. It is a ten-meter long vehicle, capable of operating as a speedboat, submarine, automobile, or aircraft. It can travel at the (then) unheard of speed of 150 miles per hour on land and at more than 200 mph when flying.
Strock tries to capture the Terror but instead is captured himself. Robur drives the strange craft to elude his pursuers, heading to the Caribbean and into a thunderstorm. The Terror is struck by lightning, breaks apart, and falls into the ocean. Strock is rescued from the vehicle's wreckage, but Robur's body is never found. The reader is left to decide whether or not he has died.
Literary significance and criticism
Master of the World contains a number of scientific ideas, current to Verne's time, which are now widely known to be errors. For example, traveling at high speed does not reduce a vehicle's weight.
Allusions/references
The novel's events take place in the summer of 1903, as characters refer to events of the 1902 Mount Pelée eruption on Martinique. Verne took a few liberties with American geography in the novel. It is set in Morganton, North Carolina and refers to a mountain known as the Great Eyrie. The name suggests Mount Airy, located elsewhere in North Carolina; its description as flat-topped is similar to the mountain nearby known as Table Rock. Another portion of the novel is described as taking place at a large deep natural lake in Kansas, but there is no such lake.
Reception
Adaptations
The film Master of the World (1961) starred Vincent Price and Charles Bronson. The scriptwriter Richard Matheson combined elements of this book and its predecessor in the screenplay, as well as adding others of his own.
A half-hour TV cartoon special by the same name was produced in the late 1970s.
Robur is featured as a character in Kim Newman's alternate history novel, The Bloody Red Baron (1995), serving as the chief airship engineer of the Central Powers. The chapter featuring him and his airship is entitled "Master of the World."
The Terror appears in the game Pirates of the Mysterious Islands.
Robur and his first mate Tom Turner are featured as central characters in T.E. MacArthur's steampunk novels, The Volcano Lady: Volume One and Volume Two. The "Terror" is suggested as part of the tie-in with Verne's original novels Robur the Conqueror and Master of the World.
See also
1904 in science fiction
External links
Maître du Monde, audio version
Novels by Jules Verne
1904 French novels
1904 science fiction novels
French science fiction novels
Novels set in the 1900s
Novels set in North Carolina
Fiction set in 1903
Aviation novels
Sequel novels
French novels adapted into films
Amelia Montague Watson (1856–1934) was an American watercolorist well known for her work in Martha's Vineyard.
Biography
Born in East Windsor Hill, Connecticut on March 2, 1856, to Sarah (Bolles) and Reed Watson, she received a private education. Watson became a watercolorist.
Her younger sister, Edith, also painted watercolors and exhibited with Amelia, before becoming a successful photographer in Canada.
Career
She taught painting at a Martha's Vineyard summer school for twenty years in the last 19th century and exhibited in major east coast cities. In 1888 and 1889 she taught at the short-lived Martha's Vineyard Summer Institute. In a bulletin, the institute described her classes for the Department of Painting:
In 1894, Watson submitted a note regarding the taming of a chipping sparrow which was published in The Auk.
Watson produced a series of illustrations of scenes from Henry David Thoreau's "excursion" book, Cape Cod. Originally a gift for her companion Margaret Warner Morley, they were incorporated into an 1896 illustrated edition of the book published by Houghton Mifflin. A note in the book described "marginal sketches in color made by the artist as she read the successive chapters amid the scenes characterized by Thoreau. Thus she saw the sand, the lighthouse, the ocean, the sails, the fishermen, the weather-beaten houses, and when Thoreau threw in a Floridian contrast she was able happily to jot down a note in color from her own Florida sketches."
References
1856 births
1934 deaths
19th-century American painters
American women painters
19th-century American women artists
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
People from South Windsor, Connecticut
Sveti Jurij (; , , Prekmurje Slovene: Sveti Güri or Sveti Jürij) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
Name
The name of the settlement was changed from Sveti Jurij (literally, 'Saint George') to Jurij (literally, 'George') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name Sveti Jurij was restored in 1990.
Church
The parish church in the village, from which the settlement gets its name, is dedicated to Saint George. It is a large three-aisle Neo-Romanesque building built in 1925. Elements of the original Gothic building from the late 14th century are preserved in the sanctuary. It belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Murska Sobota.
References
External links
Sveti Jurij on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Rogašovci
Ida Elizabeth Lea MBE (29 August 191630 October 2014), professionally known as "Elizabeth" Osbourne and Ida Elizabeth Jenkins, was an Australian actor and broadcaster, best known as the co-founder of the Australian Broadcasting Commission's long-running children's radio program the Argonauts Club.
Early career
Osbourne was born in Brighton, Victoria, the only daughter of Mr and Mrs W. L. Osbourne and educated at Firbank Grammar School. As a young girl she studied elocution with Ruth Conabere, sister of actor Syd Conabere (1918-2008), making successful entries in "South Street Competitions" at Ballarat, Victoria from 1929 to 1935. It was at the 1934 Melbourne Elocutionary Championships that she was spotted by ABC drama producer Frank Clewlow, who was acting adjudicator, and invited to act in radio plays.
Her first major part was as Juliet opposite Harry Traynor's Romeo. Over the next two years she played most of Shakespeare's younger women. In 1938 she started at 3LO hosting the Victorian Children's Program as "Elizabeth". In 1939 ABC General Manager Charles Moses decided to amalgamate all children's programs emanating from Sydney. Frank Clewlow, by now in Sydney himself, made sure she was appointed to head it. At first she was reluctant, as it was only a one-year contract and she was keen to visit Britain. After being promised an introduction to the BBC at the end of the year, she agreed.
Acting roles
Time and her contract allowed her to continue to act starring parts in:
Saint Joan by George Bernard Shaw (1939)
Romeo and Juliet again, with Nigel Lovell playing Romeo and Peter Finch as Mercutio
Martine (adapted for radio by Max Afford) with Neva Carr Glyn and John Tate
Alcestis of Euripides, produced by Lawrence H. Cecil with Peter Finch
Night Must Fall with Lloyd Lamble and Winifred Green
the premiere of The Fire on the Snow as Narrator with Frank Harvey as Robert Falcon Scott (1941)
The Fortunes of Richard Mahony (adapted for radio by Frank Harvey) with Howard Craven (1950).
The Argonauts Club
Osbourne developed a new segment for the Children's Session that was to go down in Australian radio history: The Argonauts Club.
The idea and much of the format had been formulated by Nina Murdoch, but hers was the wording on the membership certificate and the words for the opening and closing themes for both the Children's Session and the Argonauts Club. And as "Elizabeth", she compared (later with co-comperes "Mac" (Atholl Fleming) and "Joe" (Albert Collins). She enlisted Ruth Park to write a dramatised series The Wide-Awake Bunyip, and played "Mouse" to Joe's Bunyip. This was later developed by Ruth Park into The Muddle-Headed Wombat radio series and books for children.
She cajoled leading writers, musicians, adventurers, sportsmen and artists into appearing on the show. She did not want anything but the best for 'her' children.
In 1946 she spent some time on a scholarship in London with the BBC to study children's programs in the UK. She remembered BBC productions as highly polished but inward-looking and ossified in the 1930s, as compared with her bright and innovative Australian program. In 1949 she married piano accompanist and organist Idwal Jenkins and, as a married woman, she was obliged under Public Service regulations to quit her post with the ABC. Her husband died two years later on 24 April 1951.
Later career and honours
Osbourne was to return to ABC radio in 1953 as (now widowed) Ida Elizabeth Jenkins, presenting the ABC Women's Session until 1960. She was selected as a national commentator for the high-profile 1954 Royal Visit. She returned again to run a more personal (and at times controversial) program At Home with Ida Elizabeth Jenkins. She married again, and as Ida Elizabeth Lea was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1977.
She died in Sydney on 30 October 2014, aged 98.
Bibliography
Down in the Gully (three part song) music by Lindley Evans, Allan & Co., Melbourne c1949.
Song of the Gum Tree (three part song) music by Lindley Evans, Chappell & Co., Sydney c1962.
References
1916 births
2014 deaths
Australian radio personalities
Australian radio actresses
Australian Members of the Order of the British Empire
People from Victoria (Australia)
Nicatous Lake is a body of water in Hancock County, Maine. Covering , it is the second largest lake in Hancock County and one of the largest in the state of Maine. The lake is very long (over in length) and narrow with many islands scattered throughout. It is also a very shallow lake with low oxygen. The maximum depth is in the south basin area. The principal fisheries include landlocked salmon, brown trout, smallmouth bass, white perch and chain pickerel.
In 1999, the State of Maine purchased 78 undeveloped islands in Nicatous Lake as part of a conservation program. It was part of a larger plan to conserve the approximately of land surrounding the lake.
See also
List of lakes in Maine
References
Lakes of Hancock County, Maine
Reservoirs in Maine
Marash Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 744 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is situated in the east part of Grivitsa Ridge, surmounting Darvari Glacier to the north and east, Mundraga Bay to the east, and Zaychar Glacier to the southwest and south.
The peak is named after the settlement of Marash in Northeastern Bulgaria.
Location
Marash Peak is located at , which is 2.6 km east-southeast of Batkun Peak, 9.16 km south-southwest of Gusla Peak, 7.69 km north-northwest of Fothergill Point and 4.71 km northeast of Kableshkov Ridge. British mapping in 1978.
Maps
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 60. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, UK, 1978.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Marash Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Marash Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Ganado High School is a public high school located in Ganado, Texas (USA) and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. It is part of the Ganado Independent School District located in east central Jackson County. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics
The Ganado Indians compete in these sports
Cross Country, Volleyball, Football, Basketball, Powerlifting, Golf, Track, Softball & Baseball
State Titles
Girls Golf
1979(1A), 1981(2A), 1982(2A)
Boys Track
1980(1A)
References
External links
Ganado ISD
Schools in Jackson County, Texas
Public high schools in Texas
Kedamangalam Sadanandan (1926 – 13 April 2008) was a Kadhaprasangam artist, actor, screenwriter and lyricist from Kerala. He performed Kadhaprasangam (story telling) in more than 15,000 stages for over 50,000 hours in a career spanning about 64 years. He wrote scripts for 12 films, lyrics for more than a hundred films and acted in about 40 films.
Biography
Kedamangalam Sadanandan was born in Paravur, Kerala, in December 1926. He debuted on stage as a monodramatist in 1944. During his early years, he performed famous poems including Changampuzha's Vazhakkula and Ramanan. Ramanan alone was performed in 3,476 stages. Another one was Unniarcha, the Ezhava dame who humbled the rapacious Jonaka gang with mastery over sword fight.
Sadanandan ruled the stage for 64 years as a Kadhaprasangam artiste and he presented over 40 stories for over 50,000 hours on 15,000 stages. He also acted in 40 films, scripted 12 films and wrote songs for about 100 movies. Despite age related infirmities, he continued his vocation till his last years. He died on 13 April 2008 due to lung cancer.
Filmography
Sreemurukan (1977)
Amba Ambika Ambalika (1976)
Hridayam Oru Kshethram (1976)
Thomasleeha (1975)
Swami Ayappan (1975)
Chandrakantham (1974)
Sree Guruvayoorappan (1972)
Sree Guruvayoorappan (1964)
Devalayam (1964)
Veluthampi Dawala (1962)
Viyarppinte Vila (1962)
Kandam Becha Kottu (1961) as Avuran
Umminithanka (1961)
Arappavan (1961) as Pachu Pilla
Thaskaraveeran (1957)
Marumakal (1952)
References
External links
Kedamangalam Sadanandan at the Malayalam Movie Database
Kedamangalam Sadanandan at MSI
An article on Kadhaprasangam
Malayalam-language writers
People from Ernakulam district
1926 births
2008 deaths
Indian storytellers
Male actors in Malayalam cinema
Indian male film actors
Male actors from Kerala
Malayalam screenwriters
Malayalam poets
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
Screenwriters from Kerala
Malayalam-language lyricists
Indian male poets
Indian male screenwriters
20th-century Indian poets
Male actors in Malayalam theatre
20th-century Indian male actors
Indian male stage actors
20th-century Indian male writers
20th-century Indian screenwriters
Deaths from lung cancer
Deaths from cancer in India
The 1991 Senior PGA Tour was the 12th season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of 37 official money events with purses totalling $18,925,000, including four majors. Mike Hill won the most tournaments, five. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1991 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold.
Source:
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Ștefan Tașnadi (, 21 March 1953 – 28 February 2018) was a Romanian heavyweight weightlifter who won a silver medal at the 1984 Olympics.
Tașnadi took up lifting in 1970 at a sports school and from 1976 to 1984 was a member of the national team. He retired in 1984 to become a weightlifting coach.
References
External links
1953 births
2018 deaths
Olympic weightlifters of Romania
Weightlifters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Romania
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Romanian male weightlifters
Romanian people of Hungarian descent
Sportspeople from Cluj-Napoca
Romanian sportspeople of Hungarian descent
Henry Mintzberg (born September 2, 1939) is a Canadian academic and author on business and management. He is currently the Cleghorn Professor of Management Studies at the Desautels Faculty of Management of McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where he has been teaching since 1968.
Early life
Mintzberg was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, the son of Jewish parents Myer (a manufacturer) and Irene (Wexler) Mintzberg. He completed his undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering at the Faculty of Engineering of McGill University. He completed his Master's degree in Management and PhD from the MIT Sloan School of Management in 1965 and 1968, respectively.
Career
In 1997, Professor Mintzberg was made an Officer of the Order of Canada. In 1998 he was made an Officer of the National Order of Quebec.
He is now a member of the Strategic Management Society.
In 2004, he published a book entitled Managers Not MBAs which outlines what he believes to be wrong with management education today. Mintzberg claims that prestigious graduate management schools like Harvard Business School and the Wharton Business School at the University of Pennsylvania are obsessed with numbers and that their overzealous attempts to make management a science are damaging the discipline of management. Mintzberg advocates more emphasis on post graduate programs that educate practicing managers (rather than students with little real world experience) by relying upon action learning and insights from their own problems and experiences.
Mintzberg has twice won the McKinsey Award for publishing the best article in the Harvard Business Review (despite his critical stance about the strategy consulting business). He is also credited with co-creating the organigraph, which is taught in business schools.
From 1991 to 1999, he was a visiting professor at INSEAD.
Mintzberg writes on the topics of management and business strategy, with more than 150 articles and fifteen books to his name. His seminal book, The Rise and Fall of Strategic Planning, criticizes some of the practices of strategic planning today.
Mintzberg runs two programs at the Desautels Faculty of Management which have been designed to teach his alternative approach to management and strategic planning: the International Masters in Practicing Management (IMPM) in association with the McGill Executive Institute and the International Masters for Health Leadership (IMHL). With Phil LeNir, he owns Coaching Ourselves International, a private company using his alternative approach for management development directly in the workplace.
Contribution to organization theory
The organizational configurations framework of Mintzberg is a model that describes six valid organizational configurations (originally only five; the sixth one was added later):
Simple structure, characteristic of entrepreneurial organization
Machine bureaucracy
Professional bureaucracy
Diversified form
Adhocracy, or innovative organization
Regarding the coordination between different tasks, Mintzberg defines the following mechanisms:
Mutual adjustment, which achieves coordination by the simple process of informal communication (as between two operating employees)
Direct supervision is achieved by having one person issue orders or instructions to several others whose work interrelates (as when a boss tells others what is to be done, one step at a time)
Standardization of work processes, which achieves coordination by specifying the work processes of people carrying out interrelated tasks (those standards usually being developed in the technostructure to be carried out in the operating core, as in the case of the work instructions that come out of time-and-motion studies)
Standardization of outputs, which achieves coordination by specifying the results of different work (again usually developed in the technostructure, as in a financial plan that specifies subunit performance targets or specifications that outline the dimensions of a product to be produced)
Standardization of skills (as well as knowledge), in which different work is coordinated by virtue of the related training the workers have received (as in medical specialists—say a surgeon and an anesthetist in an operating room—responding almost automatically to each other's standardized procedures)
Standardization of norms, in which it is the norms infusing the work that are controlled, usually for the entire organization, so that everyone functions according to the same set of beliefs (as in a religious order)
According to the organizational configurations model of Mintzberg, each organization can consist of a maximum of six basic parts:
Strategic apex (top management)
Middle line (middle management)
Operating core (operations, operational processes)
Technostructure (analysts that design systems, processes, etc.)
Support staff (support outside of operating workflow)
Ideology (halo of beliefs and traditions; norms, values, culture)
Contribution to business strategy theory
Perhaps the most distinctive feature of Mintzberg's research findings and writing on business strategy, is that they have often emphasized the importance of emergent strategy, which arises informally at any level in an organisation, as an alternative or a complement to deliberate strategy, which is determined consciously either by top management or with the acquiescence of top management. He has been strongly critical of the stream of strategy literature which focuses predominantly on deliberate strategy.
Bibliography
The Nature of Managerial Work (1973), Harper & Row.
The Structuring of Organizations: A Synthesis of the Research (1979), Prentice-Hall.
Power in and Around Organizations (1983), Prentice-Hall; .
Structure in Fives: Designing Effective (1983), Prentice-Hall; .
Mintzberg on Management: Inside Our Strange World of Organizations (1989), Simon and Schuster; .
Why I Hate Flying: Tales for the Tormented Traveler (2001), Texere;.
Strategy Safari: A Guided Tour Through The Wilds of Strategic Management (with Bruce Ahlstrand; Joseph Lampel, 2005), Simon and Schuster; .
Tracking Strategies: Toward a General Theory (2007), OUP Oxford; .
Managing (2009), Berrett-Koehler Publishers; .
Simply Managing: What Managers Do — and Can Do Better (2013), Berrett-Koehler Publishers; .
Management? It's Not What You Think! (2013), Pearson UK; .
Strategy Bites Back (2013), Pearson UK; .
Rebalancing Society: Radical Renewal Beyond Left, Right, and Center (2014), Berrett-Koehler Publishers; .
Managing the Myths of Health Care: Bridging the Separations between Care, Cure, Control, and Community (2017), Berrett-Koehler Publishers; .
Bedtime Stories for Managers: Farewell to Lofty Leadership. . . Welcome Engaging Management (2019), Berrett-Koehler Publishers; .
Notes
External links
audio of 2015 CBC interview (with Michael Enright) regarding Mintzberg's 2014 book Rebalancing Society
1939 births
Living people
Canadian business theorists
Jewish Canadian writers
McGill University Faculty of Engineering alumni
MIT Sloan School of Management alumni
McGill University faculty
INSEAD faculty
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Officers of the National Order of Quebec
Officers of the Order of Canada
Writers from Montreal
Anglophone Quebec people
National University of San Marcos faculty
The women's 200 metres sprint event at the 1948 Olympic Games took place on August 5 and August 6. The final was won by Dutch athlete Fanny Blankers-Koen. It was the first time this event was included in the Summer Olympics.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing World record was as follows.
Since it was the first time this event took place, the following new Olympic record was set during this competition:
Schedule
All times are British Summer Time (UTC+1)
Results
Round 1
Round 1 took place on 5 August. The first two runners from each heat advanced to the semifinals.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Heat 7
Semifinals
The semifinals took place on 5 August. The top three runners from each heat advanced to the final.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Final
Key: Est = Time is an estimate, OR = Olympic record
References
External links
Organising Committee for the XIV Olympiad, The (1948). The Official Report of the Organising Committee for the XIV Olympiad. LA84 Foundation. Retrieved 5 September 2016.
Athletics at the 1948 Summer Olympics
200 metres at the Olympics
1948 in women's athletics
Ath
Vault is a 2019 American crime, drama, and thriller film directed by Tom DeNucci, written by Tom DeNucci and B. Dolan, and starring Theo Rossi, Clive Standen, Samira Wiley, and Chazz Palminteri. It was released on June 7, 2019. It is based on the Bonded Vault heist in 1975 in Rhode Island.
Plot
Two small-time criminals and longtime friends, as Deuce (Theo Rossi) and Chucky (Clive Standen), graduate from robbing pawn shops and jewelry stores and become involved in a plan to rob a mafia vault.
They are recruited with a group of small time criminals by Gerry “The Frenchman” Ouimette (Don Johnson), the right-hand man for Providence Mafia boss Raymond Patriarca (Chazz Palminteri). Patriarca is a notorious gangster and executioner who although in jail, continues running his crime empire from inside his well-appointed jail cell.
The crew pull off the biggest heist in American history: stealing over $30 million from a fur dealer's vault that the Mafia uses as its unofficial bank to store cash and stolen goods.
After the heist, they turn most of it over to Ouimette to fence while they lie low and hope for the heat to dissipate. Deuce hides out in a rural motel with his girlfriend Karyn, growing increasingly anxious. One by one, members of the crew are killed.
Deuce and Chucky become suspicious and turn on each other. Deuce is arrested and told Chucky was killed by the Mafia. He's told he might qualify for witness protection if he gives enough information. After confessing, he learns that Chucky is still alive.
Cast
Theo Rossi as Deuce (real name: Robert Dussult)
Clive Standen as Chucky (Charles Flynn)
Samira Wiley as Karyn
Chazz Palminteri as Raymond Patriarca Sr.
Don Johnson as Gerry Ouimette
William Forsythe as Buddy Providence
Sean Ringgold as Buddy Roxbury
Chuck Zito as Joey Bruno
Vincent Pastore as Frank
Eric Lutes as Buddy Barrington
Burt Young as Don Ruggiero
Antonio Cupo as Dominic Ruggiero
Dorothy Lyman as Ma
John Fiore as Detective Caretti
Ken Baltin as Abraham Levine
Release
The film premiered in Providence, Rhode Island on June 7, 2019, and was released nationwide in theaters and via Video on demand on June 15.
Reception
The film received mixed reviews from critics. In a review for The Hollywood Reporter, Justin Lowe writes: "DeNucci has a good sense for period detail, costuming and accessorizing the cast with a color palette ranging from earthy yellow through fashionable beige to muddy brown. Stylistically though, the film doesn't have much in common with its most distinctive progenitors, missing an opportunity to re-create an authentic '70s aesthetic." Noel Murray, writing for the Los Angeles Times: "Writer-director Tom DeNucci, co-writer B. Dolan and a superb cast work hard to bring a fascinating, largely forgotten true story to life, though an inconsistent tone and an over-reliance on genre clichés keep the movie from realizing its potential."
References
External links
2019 films
Films about the American Mafia
Crime films based on actual events
American heist films
American crime drama films
2010s heist films
2019 crime drama films
Patriarca crime family
2019 thriller drama films
2019 crime thriller films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Austin White (born August 2, 1997) is an American professional wrestler and bodybuilder. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Austin Theory.
Prior to joining WWE, he wrestled on the independent circuit, including several promotions under the World Wrestling Network umbrella, such as Full Impact Pro (FIP) and Evolve – along the way winning the WWN Championship, FIP World Heavyweight Championship and the Evolve Championship.
In WWE, he is a one-time United States Champion and won the 2022 Money in the Bank ladder match, guaranteeing him an opportunity at a world championship for one year.
Early life
White was born on August 2, 1997 in the Atlanta suburb of McDonough, Georgia. He was a fan of professional wrestling in his youth, and cites John Cena as a huge influence. In 2015, he placed first in the NPC Georgia Bodybuilding Championship, Teen Men category when he was 17.
Professional wrestling career
Early years (2016–2019)
On May 5, 2016, he made his debut under the ring name Austin Theory, defeating A. R. Fox at a WWA4 event to win the WWA4 Heavyweight Championship. Theory made his Progress Wrestling debut on April 1, 2017 at a Progress and Evolve joint show, where he lost to Keith Lee in a four way match, that also involving Jason Kincaid and Blaster McMassive. On August 12, Theory lost to Mark Haskins in a four way match, that also involving Mark Andrews and Keith Lee. At Chapter 67, Theory teamed with Jinny to defeat Will Ospreay and Kay Lee Ray.
On August 12, 2016, Theory made his World Wrestling Network debut at Full Impact Pro (FIP)'s Heatstroke, alongside AC Mack. On January 7, 2017, at Style Battle, Theory was defeated by A. R. Fox. Theory made his Evolve debut at Evolve 78, defeating Darby Allin. At Evolve 97, Theory defeated Fred Yehi to win the FIP World Heavyweight Championship. At FIP Everything Burns, Theory retained his title against Martin Stone. At Evolve 100, Theory failed to win the Evolve Championship against Zack Sabre Jr.. At Evolve 103, Theory defeated Keith Lee to win the WWN Championship, ending Lee's 175 day reign. At Evolve 106, Theory lost the WWN Championship to Joey Janela. On September 30 at Accelerate, he lost the FIP World Heavyweight Championship to Anthony Henry. At Evolve 117, Theory defeated Fabian Aichner and Roderick Strong to win the Evolve Championship. At Evolve 139 on November 9, 2019, he lost the Evolve Championship to Josh Briggs.
On June 16, 2018, Theory made his debut for Mexican promotion The Crash Lucha Libre by losing to Rey Horus. On March 2, 2019, Theory defeated Willie Mack, Bárbaro Cavernario and Sansón to win The Crash Heavyweight Championship. On June 14, Theory made his Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre debut representing The Crash, teaming with Carístico and Volador Jr. to defeat Rush and La Peste Negra (Bárbaro Cavernario and Negro Casas).
WWE
Prior to his signing with the company, he participated in a WWE tryout in February 2018. On April 8, during day 4 of WrestleMania Axxess, Theory retained his WWN Championship by defeating Marcel Barthel.
NXT and Raw debuts (2019–2020)
On August 15, 2019, it was announced that he had signed a contract with WWE, and would report to the WWE Performance Center. On the December 25 episode of NXT, Theory made his in-ring debut, accepting an open challenge against Roderick Strong for the NXT North American Championship, but failed to win the title. On the January 8, 2020 episode of NXT, Theory achieved his first victory by defeating Joaquin Wilde.
Theory appeared on the March 30 episode of Raw as an associate of Zelina Vega, establishing himself as a heel. Theory teamed with Angel Garza and Seth Rollins in a losing effort to Kevin Owens and Raw Tag Team Champions The Street Profits (Angelo Dawkins and Montez Ford). On the second night of WrestleMania 36 on April 5, Theory teamed with Garza to unsuccessfully challenge The Street Profits for the Raw Tag Team Championship. The following night on Raw, Theory and Garza lost to The Street Profits in a rematch for the titles. After defeating Akira Tozawa on the April 13 episode of Raw, Vega's other associates, Garza and Andrade joined him in beating down Tozawa as all three posed together, confirming their status as a faction. However, on the May 18 episode of Raw, he was attacked by Andrade and Garza after accidentally costing them a tag team match against Apollo Crews and Kevin Owens, kicking him out of the faction. Later that same night, he assisted Seth Rollins and Murphy in attacking Aleister Black, formally joining Rollins' group as a disciple. However, following the June 22 episode of Raw, he stopped appearing with Rollins and Murphy.
The Way (2020–2021)
On the August 26 episode of NXT, Theory returned to television by interrupting Bronson Reed, moving back to the brand. He then made his in-ring return on the September 8 episode of NXT, losing to Reed. Following this, Theory would spend most of his time in NXT as enhancement talent, losing matches to the likes of Kushida and Dexter Lumis. At NXT TakeOver: WarGames on December 6, Theory helped Johnny Gargano win his third NXT North American Championship. He then appeared on the December 9 episode of NXT to reveal he was part of a villainous faction called The Way with Gargano, his real life wife Candice LeRae, and Indi Hartwell. On December 30, Theory won the 2020 NXT Year-End Award for Future Star of NXT.
In January 2021, Theory and Gargano competed in the 2021 Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic, losing to Kushida and Leon Ruff in the first round. For the next few months, Theory helped Gargano retain the North American Championship against numerous opponents. Following a loss to Kyle O'Reilly on the July 20 episode of NXT, Theory took an absence from NXT television, until he returned on the premiere of NXT 2.0, attending the wedding of Indi Hartwell and Dexter Lumis in his final NXT appearance.
Storyline with Mr. McMahon (2021–2022)
As part of the 2021 Draft, Theory was drafted to the Raw brand. On the October 4 episode of Raw, Theory returned to the brand by attacking Jeff Hardy following his loss to Damian Priest and defeated him on the next two episodes of Raw. On the November 15 episode of Raw, after Rey Mysterio was injured by Bobby Lashley, Theory was announced as his replacement in the Raw men's team at Survivor Series. At the event on November 21, Theory eliminated Sheamus before being eliminated by Jeff Hardy. The following night on Raw, it was revealed that Theory took Cleopatra's Egg from Mr. McMahon, leading to McMahon to reward Theory a WWE Championship match against Big E in the main event for "showing intestinal fortitude", which he lost.
On the January 17, 2022 episode of Raw, after defeating Finn Bálor, McMahon rewarded Theory a spot in the Royal Rumble match. At the namesake event on January 29, Theory entered the match at #3, lasting 22 minutes before being eliminated by AJ Styles. On the January 31 episode of Raw, Theory defeated Kevin Owens in a Elimination Chamber qualifying match. At Elimination Chamber on February 19, Theory failed to win the WWE Championship after being last pinned by Brock Lesnar in a match also involving Seth "Freakin" Rollins, AJ Styles, Riddle and defending champion Bobby Lashley; towards the end of the match, Lesnar and Theory generated buzz when Lesnar delivered his finishing move, the F-5, throwing Theory from the top of one of the Chamber's pods down to the floor. On the February 28 episode of Raw, Theory bribed McMahon into having himself accompany him to his interview with Pat McAfee to no avail. That same week, on the March 4 episode of SmackDown, Theory confronted McAfee and announced he would be his opponent at WrestleMania 38. On the second night of the event on April 3, Theory lost to McAfee, but helped McMahon defeat McAfee in the subsequent fight that ensued right after.
United States Champion and Mr. Money in the Bank (2022–present)
The following night on Raw, Theory and The Usos defeated RK-Bro and Finn Bálor after Theory pinned Bálor, earning the chance to challenge for his title. In a backstage segment the following week, Theory announced that he and Mr. McMahon had decided that the name Austin did not suit him anymore, dropping the first name and going by Theory. On the April 18 episode of Raw, Theory defeated Bálor to win the United States Championship for the first time in his career; with this win, he became the second-youngest United States Champion in the title's history and the youngest champion under the WWE banner. At Hell in a Cell on June 5, Theory retained the title against Mustafa Ali. At Money in the Bank on July 2, Theory lost the United States Championship to Bobby Lashley, ending his reign at 75 days. Later that night, he was added to and won the Men's Money in the Bank ladder match; this win made him the youngest superstar to win the Money in the Bank contract in WWE history, as well as being the first Money in the Bank winner to lose a title and win the contract on the same night. At SummerSlam on July 30, Theory failed to regain the United States Championship in a rematch against Lashley. Later that night, he attempted to cash in his Money in the Bank contract during the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship Last Man Standing match between Brock Lesnar and Roman Reigns, but was hit with an F-5 by Lesnar before he could officially cash in. At Clash at the Castle on September 3, with his ring name reverted back to Austin Theory, he and Alpha Academy lost to The Street Profits and Madcap Moss in the pre-show. Later that night, he again attempted to cash in his Money in the Bank contract during the main event, only to be knocked out by Tyson Fury before officially doing so.
Championships and accomplishments
Bodybuilding
National Physique Committee
NPC Georgia Teen, Men's bodybuilding championship winner (1 time)
Professional wrestling
The Crash Lucha Libre
The Crash Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Evolve
Evolve Championship (1 time)
Full Impact Pro
FIP World Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Fire Star Pro Wrestling
FSPW Heavyweight Championship (2 times)
Mucha Lucha Atlanta
MLA Global Championship (1 time)
National Championship Wrestling
NCW Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Peachstate Wrestling Alliance
PWA Heritage Championship (1 time)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 80 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2019
World Wrestling Network
WWN Championship (2 times)
WWA4
WWA4 Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
WWE
WWE United States Championship (1 time)
Money in the Bank (Men's 2022)
NXT Year-End Award for Future Star of NXT (2020)
Xtreme Wrestling Alliance
XWA Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
References
External links
1997 births
American bodybuilders
American male professional wrestlers
Living people
NWA/WCW/WWE United States Heavyweight Champions
People from McDonough, Georgia
Professional wrestlers from Georgia (U.S. state)
Sportspeople from Georgia (U.S. state)
21st-century professional wrestlers
George McIntosh Ramage (born 29 January 1937 in Newtongrange) is a Scottish former footballer.
References
Third Lanark A.C. players
Colchester United F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
Scottish footballers
1937 births
Living people
South Coast United players
Association football goalkeepers
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Scottish expatriate footballers
Scottish expatriate football managers
The Q60 bus route constitutes a public transit line running primarily along Queens Boulevard in Queens, New York City, extending from Jamaica, Queens, to Midtown Manhattan via Queens Boulevard and the Queensboro Bridge. It is city-operated under the MTA Bus Company brand of MTA Regional Bus Operations.
The route was originally the Queens Boulevard Line, a streetcar line operated by the Manhattan and Queens Traction Company (also known as the Manhattan and Queens Transit Company) from 1913 to 1937, when it became a bus line. The route was taken over by Green Bus Lines in 1943 and operated by that company until its operations were taken over by the MTA in 2006.
Route description
Streetcar route
The streetcar line began at Second Avenue in East Midtown Manhattan. The line proceeded across the Queensboro Bridge into Long Island City, Queens. It then traveled along the entire length of Queens Boulevard, situated in the median of the road, to Jamaica Avenue in Queens. It then traveled a short distance east on Jamaica Avenue, south on 139th Street, and east on Archer Avenue to Rockaway Road (later Sutphin Boulevard) at the Jamaica terminal of the Long Island Rail Road. The line proceeded south on Sutphin Boulevard to 109th Avenue (previously Lambertville Avenue and Pacific Street) and 157th Street (previously Norris Avenue) in South Jamaica.
The streetcars used the outermost roadways of the Queensboro Bridge's lower level, and ran to an underground terminal between 59th and 60th Streets. These tracks were shared with the Third Avenue Railway's 42nd Street Crosstown Line. Other streetcar lines ran in the inner roadways of the lower level. The bridge was also shared with elevated rapid transit service between the Queensboro Plaza station (now a subway station) and the Second and Third Avenue elevated lines. The southern (eastbound) roadway has since been converted to vehicular use, while the northern (westbound) roadway is now a pedestrian and bike path.
Current bus service
The current Q60 bus service follows the former trolley route from East Midtown to South Jamaica via Queens Boulevard and Sutphin Boulevard. During daytime hours, alternate buses begin or end service at Sutphin Boulevard and Archer Avenue. The bus route shares Queens Boulevard with two New York City Subway lines: the IRT Flushing Line () between Queensboro Plaza and Roosevelt Avenue, and the IND Queens Boulevard Line () between Grand Avenue and Hillside Avenue. The segment of Queens Boulevard between Grand Avenue and 63rd Drive is also shared by the bus, while the segment west of Roosevelt Avenue is shared with the . The Q60 shares the Queensboro Bridge with the Q32 and , and shares Sutphin Boulevard with the and , which travel farther south to the vicinity of John F. Kennedy International Airport.
History
Streetcar service
In 1909, the Manhattan and Queens Traction Company was granted a perpetual franchise by the city to build a streetcar line along Queens Boulevard towards the Queens-Nassau County border. On March 30, 1909, the Queensboro Bridge opened between Long Island City in Queens and Midtown Manhattan. Beginning on September 17 of that year, several trolley lines began service over the bridge. Construction on the Queens Boulevard Line began on November 2, 1912. On January 29, 1913, the Manhattan and Queens Traction Company began service over the bridge and along Queens Boulevard between Second Avenue and the intersection of 48th Street and Greenpoint Avenue in Woodside, Queens, near the current 46th Street – Bliss Street subway station. The line was extended east to Winfield (now a subsection of Woodside) on April 26, Grand Avenue in Elmhurst on July 28, and 71st Avenue in Forest Hills on August 27. On January 23, 1914, the line was extended to Hillside Avenue at the end of Queens Boulevard. On January 31 it was extended south to the Jamaica LIRR station. In April 1916, a shuttle service was instituted between Jamaica station and South Street (now South Road). The line was extended along Sutphin Boulevard to its final terminus at 109th Avenue and 157th Street on April 26, 1916. In 1917, a spur of the line along Van Dam Street in Long Island City (called the Van Dam Industrial Spur or the Industrial Center line) was inaugurated.
The Queens Boulevard line was originally planned to extend along 109th Avenue and Central Avenue (later known as Linden Boulevard) to St. Albans and Cambria Heights at the Nassau County line, a total distance of . In 1918, an extension of the line was constructed east along 109th Avenue to 167th Street (near Merrick Boulevard). These tracks, however, were never used in service.
Decline and conversion to bus service
Beginning in the 1920s, many streetcar lines in Queens and in the rest of the city were replaced by buses, particularly after the unification of the city's three primary transit companies in June 1940. The Queens Boulevard line began losing patronage and profits in the 1910s, due to the city-imposed 5-cent fare, and competition from parallel elevated rail and subway service running through Queensboro Plaza. The line also ran through sparsely populated territory, leading to low passenger use. Municipal buses replaced trolleys on a temporary basis during a worker strike in August 1920. Later that year on December 10, the Public Service Commission permitted the railway to charge a two-zone fare (10 cents) for travel past Grand Avenue in either direction. This was later extended east to Old Mill Road (now 63rd Road) in November 1923. Around this time, the city began to undertake a major widening project for Queens Boulevard. The railway company, however, refused to allow the city to remove the trolley tracks from the road, delaying the project for a decade until the 1930s.
As part of the widening project, in 1925 it was proposed to replace the trolley franchise with bus service. By 1927, civic groups from communities along the Queens Boulevard line began to push a takeover of the line's operations by the Fifth Avenue Coach Company to convert it to bus service. In October 1935, the city announced plans to convert the line into a bus route, as part of a deal with the railway to remove its tracks and facilitate the renovation project. In 1936 the railroad company would reorganize as the Manhattan and Queens Bus Corporation. On December 13 of that year, a ten-year bus franchise was awarded to the company by the office of Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia. In exchange, the company would pay the city $318,000 in back taxes, and the two parties ended two decades of litigation over the removal of the trolley tracks. Bus service began on April 17, 1937, replacing trolley service along Queens Boulevard. The operations of the Manhattan and Queens Transit Company were acquired by Green Bus Lines in 1943, and the Q60 became part of Green Lines' operations.
The Q60 was one of the busiest bus routes in the Green Lines system, along with the along Lefferts Boulevard. In 1999, the New York City Department of Transportation (NYCDOT) planned to launch a tracking and countdown clock program on the Q60 route, separate from the MTA's efforts to install a bus tracking system. The DOT planned to put it in operation by 2002, but the system was never implemented.
MTA takeover
On January 9, 2006, the MTA Bus Company took over the operations of the Green Lines routes, part of the city's takeover of all the remaining privately operated bus routes. Under the MTA in August 2007, overnight service on the Q60 was added.
On November 1, 2008, over 20 stops along the Q60 route were eliminated. According to the MTA, this was to improve travel times and maintain of space between bus stops as dictated by regulations. The changes led to complaints from local communities, due to many senior citizens who use the route.
On April 19, 2010, alternate weekday daytime and evening Q60 buses began short-turning at Archer Avenue and Sutphin Boulevard, instead of continuing to South Jamaica. On June 27, 2010, the route was rerouted to stay on Jamaica Avenue instead of diverting to 139th Street and Archer Avenue on the way to Sutphin Boulevard to speed up service by traveling on a direct path on a commercial street.
In December 2019, the MTA released a draft redesign of the Queens bus network. As part of the redesign, the Q60 bus would have terminated at Hunters Point, instead of crossing the East River. The redesign was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in New York City in 2020, and the original draft plan was dropped due to negative feedback. A revised plan was released in March 2022. As part of the new plan, the Q60 will not be modified except for the elimination of closely spaced bus stops.
References
External links
Q060
Streetcar lines in Queens, New York
Railway lines opened in 1913
Railway lines closed in 1937
060
Shapur I's victory relief at Naqsh-e Rostam is located 3 kilometers north of Persepolis. It is the most impressive of eight Sasanian rock carvings cut into the cliff beneath the tombs of their Achaemenid predecessors.
This carving depicts a famous scene in which the Roman Emperor, Valerian, is kneeling before Shapur I and asking for mercy. Shapur defeated Valerian at the Battle of Edessa, in which the entire Roman army was destroyed and Valerian became Shapour's prisoner. This was the first and only time a Roman emperor was taken prisoner. The Emperor Philip the Arab is depicting standing and Gordian III is dead at the feet of Shapur's horse. There is a Greek inscription of five lines underneath the horse, but it is damaged. It is believed that there were also two inscriptions, now destroyed, in Middle Persian and the Parthian language.
References
Sasanian inscriptions
3rd-century inscriptions
Naqsh-e Rustam
Shapur I
3rd-century documents
Rock reliefs in Iran
Philip the Arab
Going My Way is an American comedy-drama series starring dancer and actor Gene Kelly. Based on the 1944 film of the same name starring Bing Crosby, the series aired on ABC with new episodes from October 3, 1962, to April 24, 1963. The program was Kelly's first and only attempt at a weekly television series. The series was cancelled after one season of 30 episodes.
The series was produced by Revue Studios (now Universal Television), as parent company MCA owned the rights to the original film through its subsidiary, EMKA, Ltd., which in 1957 bought Going My Way and many other pre-1950 sound feature films from Paramount Pictures.
Synopsis
Kelly stars as Father Chuck O'Malley, a Roman Catholic priest who is sent to St. Dominic's Parish located in a lower-class section of New York City. Dick York, later of Bewitched, portrays a character not in the film, Chuck's boyhood friend Tom Colwell, the director of a secular neighborhood youth center. Also co-starring is Leo G. Carroll as the aging pastor, Father Fitzgibbon, portrayed in the film, by Barry Fitzgerald. Nydia Westman is Mrs. Featherstone, the housekeeper of the rectory, portrayed by Eily Malyon in the film, where the character is named Mrs. Carmody. Episodes focus on Father O'Malley's attempts to connect with the congregation and his relationship with the elderly Father Fitzgibbon.
Guest stars
Ed Begley
Raymond Bailey
Dave Barry
Patricia Barry
Don Beddoe
Whit Bissell
Willis Bouchey
Eddie Bracken
Steve Brodie
Argentina Brunetti
Ellen Burstyn
Richard Carlson
Paul Carr
Nancy Carroll
Linden Chiles
Virginia Christine
Fred Clark
Richard Conte
Ellen Corby
Jerome Cowan
William Demarest
Richard Denning
Lawrence Dobkin
Ivan Dixon
Keir Dullea
James Dunn
Dan Duryea
Anthony Eisley
Ross Elliott
Robert Emhardt
Mary Field
Dianne Foster
Preston Foster
Robert Foulk
Anne Francis
Beverly Garland
Connie Gilchrist
Virginia Gregg
Don Keefer
Barry Kelley
George Kennedy
Kip King
Henry Kulky
Arch Johnson
Harry Lauter
Cloris Leachman
Peter Leeds
Forrest Lewis
Joanne Linville
Richard Long
Nora Marlowe
Kevin McCarthy
Frank McHugh
Ralph Meeker
Roger Mobley
Joanna Moore
Harry Morgan
Patricia Morrow
Bill Mumy
Barbara Nichols
Jeanette Nolan
Pat O'Brien
Gerald S. O'Loughlin
J. Pat O'Malley
Willard Parker
Vic Perrin
Michael J. Pollard
Simon Scott
Vito Scotti
Mickey Shaughnessy
Fay Spain
Harold J. Stone
Buck Taylor
Lee Tracy
Gary Vinson
Ray Walston
Jack Warden
James Westerfield
James Whitmore
Jane Wyatt
Episode list
Home media
On December 6, 2011, Timeless Media Group released Going My Way: The Complete Series on DVD in Region 1.
References
External links
1962 American television series debuts
1963 American television series endings
American Broadcasting Company original programming
1960s American comedy-drama television series
Black-and-white American television shows
English-language television shows
Religious drama television series
Catholicism in fiction
Live action television shows based on films
Television series by Universal Television
Television shows set in New York City
Religious comedy television series
St. Mary Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Ware, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded 1905, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
History
On December 22, 1904, there came to this settlement two missionary Fathers. Fr. Joseph Fux M.S. and Fr. Oswald Loretan M.S. Then Fr. Joseph Fux M.S. was named the first pastor of the local parish.
The first religious service for the Poles was conducted on January 1, 1905, in the lower part of All Saints Church. The first collection for this purpose netted $300, the second campaign brought in $2,000 for the new structure. In 1907, the church structure, built in the Romano-Gothic style, was completed.
In 1923 there were three large bells purchased and installed in the central tower. In the same year the lower church was remodeled and made into eight classrooms.
The Polish immigrants of Ware at present number about 2700 people, for the most part, came from the Southern part of Poland, from the counties of Dabrowa, Tarnow, Rzeszow and Jaslo.
Pastors
Fr. Joseph Fux M.S. (1904-1913)
Fr. Oswald Loretan M.S. (1913-1926)
Fr. Joseph Piszczalka M.S. (1926-1927)
Fr. Michael Kolbuch M.S. (1927-?)
Fr. Walentin Kustosz (?-1981)
Fr. Charles Kuzmeski (? - 2005)
Fr. Jeffrey A Ballou (2005 - 2019)
Fr. Piotr S. Calik (2019-
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Mary - Diocesan Information
St. Mary - ParishesOnline.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Churches in Hampshire County, Massachusetts
Ware, Massachusetts
The Hogg Islands are a group of small islands lying south of Kamelen Island in the northern part of the Stanton Group, Antarctica. These small islands were mapped from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and later by Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE). They were visited in 1969 by an ANARE dog-sledge party to the Taylor Glacier area. The islands were named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for Dr. J. Hogg, medical officer at Mawson Station in 1969. The central island in the group affords the best camp site in the area.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Mac. Robertson Land
Jon Crossley is a senior warrant officer in the Royal Air Force. He served as Chief of the Air Staff's Warrant Officer from 2016 to 2019.
Military career
Crossley joined the Royal Air Force (RAF) in November 1985. He trained as a plotter air photographer at RAF Wyton. From June 2014 to October 2016, he served as Station Warrant Officer of Royal Air Force College Cranwell.
References
British military personnel of The Troubles (Northern Ireland)
Living people
Military personnel from Lancashire
Royal Air Force airmen
Royal Air Force personnel of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Warrant Officers of the Royal Air Force
Deh-e Morad (, also romanized as Deh-e Morād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 51, in 13 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Eric Borges (born 3 September 1962) is a Brazilian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1962 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from São Paulo
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games silver medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1995 Pan American Games
Imma psoricopa is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Sri Lanka.
The wingspan is 17–20 mm. The forewings are light ochreous-fuscous, suffusedly strigulated throughout with dark fuscous and with small obscure whitish-ochreous spots on the costa beyond the middle and before the apex. There is an ochreous-whitish discal dot at three-fifths, followed by a dark fuscous dot. The hindwings are rather dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
The 2010 TVB monopoly case () is a case surrounding Hong Kong television station Television Broadcasts Limited being a monopoly station.
Background
For a long time ATV, the main free over-the-air rival station, have been associated as a pro-Beijing station. This has allowed TVB to gain a substantial lead in ratings and market share. The 2009 Hong Kong Broadcasting Authority forum however, led to complaints about TVB also practicing self-censorship. Since then, major issues of monopoly have come up.
In a 2009 press conference HKRIA announced that they would increase royalty tax to TVB exceeding HK$10 million for music programs. TVB then banned singers from EMI Group, Sony Music, Universal Music and Warner Music Group from participating on the 2009 Jade Solid Gold Best Ten Music Awards Presentation show.
Case & complaints
TVB imposed unwritten restrictions on artists and singers that deprived ATV an opportunity to hire artists. According to Sing Tao Daily, in the past no music company was willing to use contracts (between TVB and the artists) as evidence against TVB. For example, if a HK artist was interviewed by competing station like Cable TV Hong Kong, they were forced to speak Mandarin. This gave TVB an advantage as HK is mostly a Cantonese-speaking territory.
Some of the best RTHK productions were broadcast exclusively on TVB only.
Many complaints were brought up about singers and artists having to sign contracts to be restricted to TVB. Some cannot appear in other competing stations at all.
Entertainer responses
Some bands like Mr have come out and responded it was better to be doing interviews in Cantonese because their Mandarin skill was not so good. Other artists like Kelly Chen said it would benefit all if music videos could be broadcast on all stations. Jacky Cheung said TVB never had enough time available for music shows. In the past he could appear on Jade Solid Gold and sing for 3 minutes, but now he is limited to 1 minute. He further added that "TVB should just support the people they sign. Currently they have total control, and when they don't get what they want, they talk about whom to kill off." Artists who have tried to avoid legal disputes with TVB would simply turn down invitations to appear on rival stations.
Aftermath
A scandal probe was made by the ICAC on Stephen Chan Chi Wan in early 2010.
See also
TVBully
2009 Hong Kong Broadcasting Authority forum
References
TVB
2010 in Hong Kong
James Penrice (born 22 December 1998) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a left-back for Livingston.
Club career
Partick Thistle
After progressing through the club's Thistle Weir Academy, Penrice made his senior debut in a 3–3 draw between Partick Thistle and Dundee United in which he was credited with an assist. He then made his home debut in a 2–2 draw with Hamilton Academical on the last day of the 2015–16 season, winning the man of the match award.
Penrice joined Scottish League One side East Fife on loan in December 2016, until the end of the season.
The following summer Penrice was then loaned to Livingston in August 2017 until January. After returning, he signed a contract with Thistle until 2020. Penrice scored his first goal for Thistle in a 2-1 win over Greenock Morton, in the League Cup. He scored his first league goal for Thistle in a 2-1 win over Falkirk. Penrice played every minute of the 2018–19 season for Thistle, becoming the first player to achieve that feat since 2006.
Penrice scored his first goal of the 2019–20 season in a 2-0 win over Welsh side Connah's Quay Nomads in the Scottish Challenge Cup. In January 2020, he signed a new one year contract extension with Thistle until the summer of 2021. After the 2019–20 season was ended early due to the Coronavirus pandemic, Partick Thistle were relegated for the second time in three seasons, now being relegated to League One. Penrice chose to stay at Thistle following their relegation making him and teammate Stuart Bannigan, the only two players left at the club from their time in the Premiership.
Penrice returned to Livingston on a permanent basis in June 2021.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Partick Thistle
Scottish League One: 2020–21
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
Scottish footballers
Association football fullbacks
Partick Thistle F.C. players
East Fife F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Livingston F.C. players
People from Livingston, West Lothian
Footballers from West Lothian
Mohamed Ben Brahim was a Moroccan footballer who played for French clubs FC Sète, Besançon RC and FC Nancy as a defensive midfielder.
References
1920 births
People from Oujda
Association football midfielders
Moroccan footballers
FC Sète 34 players
Racing Besançon players
FC Nancy players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Possibly living people
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Carlos Gustavo Galindo De La Rosa (born 7 April 2000) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Career
Youth career
Galindo first joined Club Atlas youth academy in 2015. He then transferred to third division team Mulos del Club Deportivo Oro successfully capping 29 games. Galindo then continues his development with Tigres UANL Reserves and Academy going through the U-17 and U-20. After unusual circumstances receiving an opportunity to play with Liga MX first team Tigres UANL under Brazilian coach Tuca Ferretti.
After previously playing in the Atlas youth system and appearing in six games with the Tigres under-20 squad in 2019–20, he was later released during that season. Due to the circumstances Galindo considered giving up his dream of becoming a professional player. However, he was signed on a two-year deal as an emergency replacement on August 14, 2020 after both first-team keepers tested positive for COVID-19 and both under-20 keepers were injured. He made his Liga MX debut two days later, receiving three goals in a 3-2 loss against Toluca.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Tigres UANL
CONCACAF Champions League: 2020
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Mexican footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Tigres UANL footballers
Liga MX players
Tercera División de México players
Footballers from Guadalajara, Jalisco
The Høgsenga Crags () are high rock crags which form the northern extremity of Breplogen Mountain in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. They were mapped from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Høgsenga (the high bed).
References
Cliffs of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
The Orlando Story was filmed in 1949 by Don Parrisher Motion Picture Productions of New York. The film contained images of daily life in Orlando, Florida and featured several prominent citizens and locations in the city. The Orlando Story was heavily promoted locally and only shown at the city's cinemas over several days in August 1949, including at the Beacham Theatre. The Orlando Story has been lost to history.
References
History of Orlando, Florida
The church of San Isidro el Real, also known as the colegiata or collegiate church of San Isidore, is a Baroque building in the centre of Madrid, Spain. It is named after and holds the remains of the patron saint of Madrid, Isidore the Laborer, and his wife Santa María de la Cabeza. It has held the status of a Basilica church for centuries.
History
The building was designed by the architect Pedro Sánchez in 1620. Construction work began two years later, directed by the architect until his death in 1633. It was later continued by Francisco Bautista and Melchor de Bueras, who finished the work in 1664. The church replaced the parish church of St. Peter and St. Paul (16th century), which had been demolished to create the earlier Imperial College, following the instructions left in her will by Empress Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress, daughter of Charles I and sister to King Phillip II of Spain. The Empress bequeathed her fortune to the Jesuit Order in order that a new building could be built on the site of the demolished parish church.
The church was consecrated on 23 September 1651, thirteen years before its completion. It was initially attached to the aforementioned Jesuits order and dedicated to St. Francis Xavier, one of the most distinguished Jesuits and Saint patron of the Catholic Missions. However, in 1767, with the expulsion of the Jesuits, the building became a collegiate church.
Two years later, in 1769, the church was rededicated to Saint Isidore to mark the translation of the saint's body from the Church of St. Andrew. St. Isidro is the Saint protector of the city of Madrid and his remains had been guarded since the sixteenth century in the Bishop's Chapel at St. Andrew's church. The relics of his wife Saint Mary of the Head (family) were also transferred. Its interior was then renovated by the famous architect Ventura Rodríguez, who designed a new richly decorated chancel and high altar.
In 1885, with the establishment of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madrid, the church became the pro-cathedral of the city. The church held that rank until the current Almudena Cathedral was completed in 1993, when it returned to its collegiate status. Until Almudena Cathedral was completed, the building housed images of the Virgin, of the St. Isidro and of the Christ of the Good Death, a masterful piece of work by Juan de Mesa. These works were then moved to Almudena Cathedral.
In 1936, at the very beginning of the Spanish Civil War, the building caught fire, which destroyed many works of art, including the altarpiece of Ventura Rodríguez, as well as paintings by Luca Giordano Ricci. The fire also caused the collapse of the dome. After the war the church was painstakingly restored over two decades, trying to recover the original features, culminating in the 1960s with the rise of a new section on the towers of the facade by the architect Javier Barroso. A remarkably faithful replica of the high altar of Ventura Rodríguez was also made. As a curious note the restoration of one of the chapels (Our Lady of the Carmen or the Lady of the Sailors chapel) was paid for by the British Embassy in Madrid and the British coat of arms can be clearly seen over Our Lady altar.
See also
Catholic Church in Spain
List of Jesuit sites
List of the oldest church buildings
Sources
Brief description
External links
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1664
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Spain
Isidro
Burial sites of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Bulgaria)
Baroque architecture in Madrid
1664 establishments in Spain
Buildings and structures in Embajadores neighborhood, Madrid
Madrid
Collegiate churches in Spain
Llwydiarth-Esgob is an area in the community of Rhosybol, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 137.3 miles (220.9 km) from Cardiff and 218.1 miles (350.9 km) from London. In the 18th century the poet Hugh Hughes lived on his estate here.
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
References
Villages in Anglesey
The Thomas A. Scott Professorship of Mathematics is an academic grant made to the University of Pennsylvania. It was established in 1881 by the railroad executive and financier: Thomas Alexander Scott.
Recipients
Ezra Otis Kendall, 1881–1899
Edwin Schofield Crawley, 1899–1933
George Hervey Hallett, 1933–1941
John Robert Kline, 1941–1955
Hans A. Rademacher, 1956–1962
Eugenio Calabi, 1967–1993
Shmuel Weinberger, 1994–1996
Herbert S. Wilf, 1998–2006
Charles Epstein, 2008–present
See also
Thomas A. Scott Fellowship in Hygiene
External links
University of Pennsylvania Mathematics Department page about the Professorship
References
Professorships in mathematics
Awards established in 1881
University of Pennsylvania
Mathematics education in the United States
1881 establishments in Pennsylvania
The Battle of Vaasa was fought between the Kingdom of Sweden and the Russian Empire during the Finnish War (1808-1809).
While the Swedish army was celebrating its victory at Nykarleby, another Swedish force, led by Johan Bergenstråhle, landed at Vaasa. Adlercreutz had forgotten about this landing and didn't send any troops to help Bergenstråhle. The Swedes, numbering 1,300–1,400 men, landed just outside Vaasa, but the Russians, strengthened by the arrival of the Russian main army turned out to be too strong. After some harsh street battles, the Russians lost 37 killed, 82–113 wounded (five officers) and, according to certain sources, 53 captured; in total 150–172 men. The Swedes had lost 68 men killed and 204 captured (including the commander); of these, 101 men were wounded. The remaining forces retreated northwards, to the Swedish main army at Nykarleby, and created the Sixth [Swedish] brigade.
Russian forces
Infantry (1,488)
Cossacks (200)
Guns (4)
In total: 1,688 men and 4 guns
Swedish forces
Västerbotten Infantry Regiment (1 battalion)
Västerbotten auxiliary reserve and Jämtland Infantry Regiment (1 battalion; including 2 Jämtland companies)
Peasants (200–300)
Guns (4)
In total: 1,300–1,400 men and 4 guns
References
Sources
Vaasa
Vaasa
Vaasa
Vaasa
History of Ostrobothnia (region)
June 1808 events
The 2021 The Republicans (LR) congress, also known as the Congress for France (French: Congrès pour la France), was an organised internal primary held from 1 to 4 December. It is organised by the party in order to nominate its candidate that will represent it in the 2022 presidential election. Valérie Pécresse was chosen as the party's presidential nominee in a two-round voting process.
Context
After François Fillon failed to reach the second round in the 2017 presidential election, Les Republicains were in opposition to centrist President Emmanuel Macron, who recruited several LR figures and adopted similar policies in some regards, especially around social policy. After a major failure in the 2019 European elections, Les Républicains did well in the 2020 municipal elections as well as in the 2021 regional and departmental elections.
The party was divided on the method of selecting its candidate for the 2022 presidential election. In 2016, the party had used an open primary, which brought a record 4.4 million voters in, but the surprise winner François Fillon did not manage to qualify for the run-off, and left the party weakened between Macron-compatible and right-wing factions. The polls for the 2022 election did not indicate that any candidate was emerging as a natural favorite, and the party may lose some votes on the right flank of the party to independent candidate Éric Zemmour.
On September 25, 2021, a consultation reserved for 79,000 LR members decided on the candidate selection process. 58% of voters choose a “closed” (internal) primary against 40.4% for an “open” primary and 1.6% of voters were blank. The statutes were amended accordingly, establishing a commission to filter the candidacies as well. There was also a possibility of revoking the support for the nominated candidate in order not to repeat the fiasco caused by the Fillon affair.
Voting method
Dates and voters
The first round took place online from 8am on 1 December to 2pm on 2 December 2021. A second round was scheduled for 3 and 4 December 2021; if no candidate obtained more than 50% of the votes cast (which was the case), then the second round would be a run-off between the two candidates with the most votes.
Only members of Les Republicains could vote. At the deadline for signing up, the party had around 150,000 members, of whom 139,918 registered to vote.
Applications
Each candidate must be sponsored by at least 250 LR elected representatives, spread over at least 30 departments (without more than a tenth of the signatories of the presentation being able to come from the same department).
Organization and control
The organising committee of the primary was responsible for defining the practical details of the process and ensuring that it ran smoothly. It was composed of:
Christian Jacob, president of LR and the president of the organising committee
Annie Genevard, deputy vice-president of LR
Aurélien Pradié, Secretary General of LR
Daniel Fasquelle, national treasurer of LR
Damien Abad, president of the LR group at the National Assembly
Bruno Retailleau, president of the LR group in the Senate
Bernard Deflesselles, representative of Xavier Bertrand
Patrick Stefanini, representative of Valérie Pécresse
Marie-Claire Carrère-Gée, representative of Michel Barnier
François Varlet, representative of Philippe Juvin
Alexandra Borchio-Fontimp, representative of Éric Ciotti
The control body was responsible for validating the composition of the electorate, the admissibility of candidatures and the sincerity of the results. It was composed of:
Philippe Bas, senator
Olivier Dutheillet de Lamothe, Honorary State Councilor
Rémi-Pierre Drai, lawyer
Candidates
The supervisory body admitted applications from six participants on 13 October 2021: Michel Barnier, Xavier Bertrand, Éric Ciotti, Philippe Juvin, Denis Payre and Valérie Pécresse. However, Denis Payre did not receive the necessary 250 sponsorships.
Candidates who met the support requirement
Eliminated candidates
Polls
The percentages in bold show which two candidates would advance to the second round.
Results
The results of the first round of voting were announced on 2 December 2021. A run-off was held between Ciotti and Pecresse on 3 December 2021, with the result being released the day after. The first round's outcome has been called surprising, with Ciotti outperforming what was expected and Bertrand, the expected front runner, fell into fourth. Bertrand declared his endorsement of Pécresse in the second round soon after the results came in. In the second round, Pécresse came out on top with over 60% of the vote.
References
2022 French presidential election
Primary elections in France
2021 elections in France
The Australian Film Syndicate was a short lived Australian film production company based in North Sydney. According to novelist Arthur Wright, "A local draper put a lot of money into it, and lost it; though all the films produced were not 'duds.' One which paid its way well was an adaptation of my novel, Gamblers Gold."
It was associated with the Australian Film Company Limited. This went into liquidation in 1913.
Filmography
The Golden West (1911)
Gambler's Gold (1911)
References
Companies based in Sydney
Defunct companies of Australia
Film production companies of Australia
Lannea welwitschii is a species of tree in the family Anacardiaceae. It is native to the tropical rainforests of West and Central Africa. The timber is used to make furniture and utensils and for many other purposes, the fruits can be eaten, and the bark is used to produce a dye, for making rope and in traditional medicine.
Description
A medium-sized evergreen or deciduous tree, L. welwitschii can grow to a height of about . The trunk is straight and cylindrical and up to in diameter. It has no buttresses. The bark is grey or greyish-brown and smooth at first, developing rounded shallow pits and flakes later. The inner bark is fibrous, being reddish with white streaks, and exudes a clear sticky fluid when damaged. The branches form a spreading crown and the twigs bear many lenticels. The leaves are in opposite pairs and are clustered at the ends of the branches. They are pinnate, up to , with usually five to seven, ovate leaflets. The inflorescences are pyramidal panicles clad in yellowish hairs, up to long, growing in the leaf axils. The yellowish-green flowers are unisexual and regular with parts in fours. They are followed by single-seeded drupes, long, which are black when ripe.
Distribution and habitat
The species is native to Western and Central Africa, its range extending from Liberia to Angola, Kenya and Ethiopia. It occurs in lowland rain forests below about , with a preference for swampy or riverine locations. It is considered a pioneer species and is primarily found in secondary forest.
Uses
Lannea welwitschii is fast-growing and can be coppiced or pollarded, and can be made into a living fence. An orange or reddish-brown dye can be extracted from the bark, and the fibres can be made into ropes and sandals. The heartwood of the timber is cream-coloured and light, but not durable. It is used for making household utensils, boxes, crates, veneers and plywood. It is also used in flooring, furniture, vehicle bodies, cabinet work, light joinery, matches and hardboard. The wood can be used for kindling, and the bole of the tree can be hollowed out to make a canoe.
The fruit can be eaten raw, being resinous with an acidic flavour. A decoction of the bark is used in traditional medicine for women's ailments, diarrhoea, dysentery, urethral discharge and haemorrhoids. The bark is applied as a pulp for the treatment of ulcers and skin ailments, and as a powder for treating wounds and snakebites. A decoction of the roots is used as an expectorant or emetic.
References
welwitschii
Trees of Africa
Flora of West Tropical Africa
Flora of West-Central Tropical Africa
Flora of Northeast Tropical Africa
Flora of East Tropical Africa
A row galley was a term used by the early United States Navy for an armed watercraft that used oars rather than sails as a means of propulsion. During the age of sail row galleys had the advantage of propulsion while ships of sail might be stopped or running at slow speed because of lack of wind for their sails. While called galleys, they were based on different hull type than the Mediterranean galley, the term being used mainly due to the employment of oars.
Row galleys were often fitted with sails in addition to the oars.
During the American Revolution, row galleys, such as and , with crews of up to 60 oarsmen, were employed successfully in battle against larger warships.
During the American Civil War, Union Navy and Confederate Navy ships operating in rivers and other interior waterways, would send row galleys to surprise and capture enemy ships anchored for the night.
References
Ship types
Miguel Rodríguez may refer to:
In arts and entertainment
Miguel Rodriguez (actor) (1961–1998), Filipino actor
Miguel Augusto Rodríguez (born 1977), Venezuelan actor and model
In sport
Miguel Ángel Rodríguez (racewalker) (born 1967), Mexican race walker
Miguel Rodríguez (golfer) (born 1973), Argentine professional golfer
Miguel Ángel Rodríguez (squash player) (born 1985), Colombian squash player
Miguel Rodríguez (footballer) (born 2003), Spanish footballer
Miguel Rodríguez (table tennis), Spanish table tennis player
Other people
Miguel Rodríguez (NASA) (born 1952), Puerto Rican who is the Chief of the Integration Office of the Cape Canaveral Spaceport Management Office
Miguel Rodríguez Mackay (born 1967), Peruvian internationalist and foreign minister of Peru
Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela (born 1943), Colombian drug lord
Miguel Rodríguez Torres (born 1964), minister of the Popular Power for Interior, Justice and Peace of Venezuela
Miguel Ángel Rodríguez (born 1940), Costa Rican economist, lawyer, businessman, and politician
Miguel Rodriguez Rodriguez (1931–2001), Roman Catholic bishop
See also
Miguel Rodriguez (The Young and the Restless), a fictional character from The Young and the Restless
Chipollino () is a 1972 Soviet musical comedy film directed by . The film is also known as Cipollino (International informal title and English / Italian title).
Plot
Residents of the village where the Chipollino boy-onion live, gathered in the market square for a solemn meeting with Prince Lemon, who had come to them. In a crush that arose from a large number of people gathered, Cipollino's father Cipollone, accidentally stepped on the prince's leg and was imprisoned, like a rebel and troublemaker.
Cast
Gianni Rodari as Storyteller
Aleksandr Yelistratov as Chipollino
Vladimir Basov as Prince Lemon
Rina Zelyonaya as Countess Cherry
Aleksandra Panova as Countess Cherry
Vitaly Kerdimun as Viscount Cherry
Nadir Malishevsky as Lord Tomato before the earthquake
Vladimir Belokurov as Lord Tomato after the earthquake
Georgiy Vitsin as Lawyer Pea
Roman Tkachuk as Mastino
Aleksandr Kuznetsov as Chief of staff
Georgi Georgiu as Patison
Rudolf Rudin as Mr. Carotino
Aleksei Smirnov as Cipollone
Natalya Krachkovskaya as Cipolla
Viktor Bajkov as Mr. Squash
Yevgenia Melnikova as Mrs. Pumpkin
Viktor Kolpakov as Master Raisin
Anatoly Kubatsky as Aubergine
Pavel Vinnik as Pear
Maryana Smirnova as Strawberry
Yekaterina Mojseyenko as Strawberry
Yekaterina Semochkina as Radish
Maria Vinogradova as town-dweller
External links
1972 films
1970s musical comedy films
Soviet musical comedy films
Russian musical comedy films
1970s Russian-language films
Films based on Italian novels
Mosfilm films
Films based on children's books
Films shot in Russia
Films shot in Rome
1970s prison films
1972 comedy films
is a district of Minato, Tokyo, Japan. It consists of 1 to 3-chōme.
The Russian Embassy School in Tokyo is located in Azabudai.
The Embassy of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan in Japan is located in Azabudai.
References
Districts of Minato, Tokyo
"Come Home" is the third release taken from the fifth IAMX studio album The Unified Field.
Music video
The black and white video, shot in Los Angeles, California, shows Chris Corner singing in a house before exiting and walking onto a balcony. This is interspersed with scenes of live band member Janine Gezang. It was shot in early 2013 while Chris was staying in the US.
References
2012 songs
Songs written by Chris Corner
Fflur Dafydd (born 1 August 1978) is a Welsh novelist, singer-songwriter and musician. Though mainly publishing in Welsh, she also writes in English. She contributes regularly in Welsh to Radio Cymru.
Early life
Dafydd is the daughter of Welsh poet Menna Elfyn and a cousin of BBC broadcaster Bethan Elfyn. She grew up in Llandysul, a Welsh-speaking community, and although she received the majority of her education in Welsh, she chose to study English in higher education. She graduated in English from Aberystwyth University. While she was there she first came to prominence as a student in 1999, by winning the Literature Medal at the Urdd National Eisteddfod at Lampeter. This success led to the publication of Y Gwir Am Gelwydd (The Truth About Lies), a collection of 12 poems and five short stories.
After graduating from Aberystwyth, she gained an MA in creative writing from the University of East Anglia in 2000, followed by a PhD on the poetry of R. S. Thomas from Bangor University in 2001.
Writer
Dafydd has written for stage, screen and radio, and her wide repertoire includes short fiction, journalism, lecturing, songwriting, screenwriting, poetry, novels, plays and films.
She was nominated for a D.M. Davies award at the Cardiff International Film Festival for her short film "Bathtime" (2002).
In 2005 her first novel Lliwiau Liw Nos (Colours by Night) was published and shortlisted for the Prose Medal. It was followed in 2006 by her second novel Atyniad (Attraction), which won the Prose Medal at the National Eisteddfod in Swansea.
In 2005 she was selected for the Scritture Giovani project for emerging European writers. She has also undertaken literary residencies in Helsinki (2006) and on Bardsey Island (2002).
In 2008 she published her first English-language novel, Twenty Thousand Saints, inspired by six weeks as a writer-in-residence on Bardsey in 2002. On her choice of language, she said, "It started out as a translation of a Welsh-language novel, and after about a year or so, I decided that it really wasn't working – so I decided to start from scratch with a completely different story." This work won for her the Oxfam Hay Award.
In 2009 she won the Daniel Owen Memorial Prize for her novel Y Llyfrgell (The Library). In the same year, she took part in the International Writing Program at the University of Iowa. The novel was adapted by Dafydd herself into a 2016 film, directed by Euros Lyn.
She publishes regularly in publications that include New Welsh Review, Welsh Writing in English Yearbook, Barn, Golwg and Planet. For some years Dafydd has edited the periodical Tu Chwith. Dafydd was also a television columnist for the Western Mail. She taught film theory and scriptwriting at the University of Aberystwyth and Trinity College, Carmarthen. Her scriptwriting has included work on the popular S4C soap opera Pobol y Cwm.
Bibliography
Fiction
"The White Trail" (Seren, 2011)
"Awr y Locustiaid" ("The Hour of the Locusts") (Y Lolfa, 2010)
"Twenty Thousands Saints" (Alcemi, 2008)
"Atyniad" (Attraction) (Y Lolfa, 2006)
"Lliwiau Liw Nos" (Evening Colours) (Y Lolfa, 2005)
"Elsewhere" (Scritture Giovani, 2005)
"Ffordd o Fyw" (A Way of Living) not yet published
"Heb Glustiau" (Without Ears) not yet published
Scripts
Parch (Rev) (2015-2018), TV drama series on S4C
Y Llyfrgell (The Library Murders) (2016), feature film
Diwrnod Dwynwen (Dwynwen's Day) (2003), written with others
Helfa Drysor (Treasure Hunt), (2006)
Brewys (unpublished play, performed at Chapter Arts, 2005)
Hugo (Sgript Cymru, 2003)
Poetry
"Fruit" (New Welsh Review, 2004)
"Enlli" (Tu Chwith, 2003)
Short Films & Animation
"Women of Mumbles Head" (Screen Gems, 2005)
"Martha Melys Gacwn a Capten Pigfain" (Cwmni Da, S4C, 2004)
"Clic" (Opus, S4C, 2003)
"Bathtime" (Cyfle & Sgrin 2002)
Articles
"Welsh Icons" (2007)
"This is I; there is nothing else": a comparative study of R.S. Thomas and Hugh MacDiarmid, Welsh Writing in English Yearbook (2006)
Musician
Dafydd described her sound as "a fusion of blues, soul and pop".
She has released five albums to date:
Pethau Rhyfedd (Strange Things) (2003) – released when she was part of the girl band Y Panics; she emerged as a solo artist in 2005, although she is supported by her regular band, Y Barf (The Beard), who, along with Dafydd on guitar and piano, comprised core members Rhys 'Y Barf' James (guitar), Iestyn Jones (bass), Jon Bradford Jones (drums) and Iwan 'Llangain' Evans (keyboard & sax).
Coch am Weddill fy Oes (Red for the Rest of my Days) (2005) – her first release as a solo artist, it was recorded at the Millennium Centre in Cardiff
Un Ffordd Mas (One Way Out) (2007) – her second solo album, under the name of Fflur Dafydd a'r Barf
Byd Bach (Small World) (2009) – also released by Fflur Dafydd a'r Barf
Ffydd Gobaith Cariad (Faith Hope Love) (2012) – made no mention of Y Barf, although several of the musicians appearing on the album were members of the band
As a singer-songwriter Dafydd has performed in many countries, and has been performing regularly in literary and music festivals and events throughout Wales, including larger events such as the National Eisteddfod and the Faenol Festival.
Discography
Albums
Pethau Rhyfedd
1. Annioddefol
2. Dyn Tywydd
3. Leicra Lan Lofft
4. Pethau Rhyfedd
5. Pobl Chips/Cân Gwenllian
Coch am weddill fy oes
1. Leni
2. Wardrob Gefn
3. Ar ôl Heddi'
4. Deall i'r Dim
5. Mr Freestyle
6. Byth Mynd i Newid
7. Tu ôl i'r Gwair
8. Sgidie Rhad
9. Y Gwir am Gelwydd
10. '93
Un Ffordd Mas
1. 'Sa Fan 'Na
2. Dala Fe Nôl
3. Mr Bogota
4. Y Gân Go Iawn
5. Pan Oeddwn Fachgen
6. Cocladwdldw
7. Doeth
8. Wedi Mynd
9. Helsinki
10. Y Drwg
11. Tan yr Angladd
12. Un Ffordd Mas
Byd Bach
1. Pobol Bach
2. A47 Dim
3. Caerdydd
4. Penrhiwllan
5. Aberaeron
6. Byd Bach
7. Porthgain
8. Y Llywbrau
9. Abercuawg
10. Yr Ymylon
Ffydd Gobaith Cariad
1. Rhoces
2. Ffydd Gobaith Cariad
3. Ray o'r Mynydd
4. Y ferch sy'n licio'r gaeaf
5. Martha Llwyd
6. Frank a Moira
7. Y Porffor Hwn
8. Brawd Bach
9. Elfyn
10. Rachel Myra
Singles/EPs
Dala Fe Nôl
1. Dala Fe Nôl
2. Doeth
3. Dala Fe Nôl (edit)
Helsinki
1. Helsinki
2. Y Drwg
Caerdydd / Porthgain
1. Caerdydd
2. Porthgain
References
External links
Official website
1978 births
Living people
20th-century Welsh poets
20th-century Welsh women writers
21st-century British screenwriters
21st-century Welsh women singers
21st-century Welsh novelists
21st-century Welsh poets
21st-century Welsh women writers
People from Ceredigion
Academics of Aberystwyth University
Alumni of Aberystwyth University
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Alumni of Bangor University
Welsh-language writers
Welsh women novelists
Welsh women poets
Welsh-speaking musicians
International Writing Program alumni
Welsh magazine editors
Welsh women editors
British soap opera writers
Women soap opera writers
Welsh television writers
British women screenwriters
People associated with Trinity University College
Welsh singer-songwriters
British women television writers
Kripps is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Agnes Kripps (1925–2014), Canadian politician
Justin Kripps (born 1987), Canadian bobsledder
See also
Krips
Krishnan Raghavachari (born 3 April 1953, Chennai, India) is a Professor of Chemistry at Indiana University Bloomington.
Raghavachari began his education in his native India, completing his undergraduate degree in 1973 at Madras University and his masters from the Indian Institute of Technology in 1975. Following this, he moved to the United States to attend Carnegie-Mellon University for his doctorate under the tutelage of John Pople, completing it in 1981. Upon completing his degree, Raghavachari entered the private sector as a research scientist at Bell Labs. He served as a member of the technical staff until 1987 when he was named a distinguished member. In 2002, he joined the faculty at Indiana University.
Raghavachari has been credited as one of the top quantum chemists in the United States and responsible for developing methods allowing for widespread use of computational chemistry. Among the methods he has developed over his career are CCSD(T), used to evaluate bond energies and the properties of molecules and the Gaussian-2, 3, and 4 methods. Over the course of his career, Raghavachari has given over 150 invited lectures, published over 320 scientific papers, and has been cited over 50,000 times by others in the field. He has also served as chair of the Theoretical Chemistry Subdivision of the American Chemical Society, on the editorial boards of the Journal of Physical Chemistry, Journal of Computational Chemistry, Theoretical Chemistry Accounts, and Journal of Materials Research.
Honours and awards
2009 Davisson-Germer Prize in Surface Physics, American Physical Society
2008 Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry
2001 Fellow of the American Physical Society
References
1953 births
Living people
People from Chennai
IIT Madras alumni
Indiana University Bloomington staff
University of Madras alumni
Carnegie Mellon University alumni
21st-century American chemists
Theoretical chemists
Members of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Fellows of the Royal Society of Chemistry
Minnesota Kings was an American Soccer team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Founded in 2009, the team played in National Premier Soccer League (NPSL), a national professional/amateur league at the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, in the Midwest Division.
History
Founded in 2009. The Chairman, Tim Haselberger help found the team. The club played in the NPSL (National Premier Soccer League) ranking fourth on the United States Soccer Pyramid. The team partnered up with local soccer club, St. Micheal Youth Soccer Association to create the Minnesota Kings Academy in late 2010. In three seasons the Kings finished the season near the bottom of the standings in the Midwest Division. Failing to qualify for the playoffs in each of it three seasons. In 2012 the team disbanded due to money, ownership, and league violations.
Players
All-time roster
Source: https://web.archive.org/web/20110104072929/http://www.nationalpremiersoccerleague.com/teams/21727632/21730546-21727682/TEAM.html
Captain*
Owner*
Year-by-year
Head coaches
Brad Fewell (2010–Present)
Stadia
Community Education Field; St. Michael, Minnesota (2010)
References
External links
Official site
Soccer clubs in Minneapolis–Saint Paul
Defunct soccer clubs in Minnesota
Association football clubs established in 2009
2009 establishments in Minnesota
2012 disestablishments in Minnesota
Association football clubs disestablished in 2012
Major-General Andrew Linton Watson (9 April 1927 – 12 July 2022) was a British Army officer.
Life and career
Educated at Wellington College, Watson was commissioned into the Black Watch in 1946. He became commanding officer of the 1st Bn Black Watch in 1969 and in that role was deployed to Northern Ireland during the Troubles. He went on to be commander of 19 Airportable Brigade in 1972, British Military Attaché in Washington, D.C. in 1975 and General officer Commanding Eastern District in 1977. His last appointment was as Chief of Staff, Allied Forces Northern Europe in 1980 before retiring in 1982.
Watson died on 12 July 2022, at the age of 95.
References
1927 births
2022 deaths
Companions of the Order of the Bath
British Army generals
People educated at Wellington College, Berkshire
Black Watch officers
British military personnel of The Troubles (Northern Ireland)
The 4711th Air Defense Wing is a discontinued United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with the 30th Air Division of Air Defense Command (ADC) at Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan, where it was discontinued in 1956. It was established in 1952 at Presque Isle Air Force Base, Maine as the 4711th Defense Wing in a general reorganization of Air Defense Command (ADC), which replaced wings responsible for a base with wings responsible for a geographical area.
It assumed control of several fighter Interceptor squadrons that had been assigned to the 23d Fighter-Interceptor Wing, including two Air National Guard squadrons mobilized for the Korean War. In early 1953 it also was assigned six radar squadrons in Maine, Vermont, and New York and its dispersed fighter squadrons combined with colocated air base squadrons into air defense groups. The wing was redesignated as an air defense wing in 1954. In 1956, as ADC prepared to implement the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) air defense system, the wing lost its combat components and moved to Selfridge, where it was discontinued.
History
The wing was organized as the 4711th Defense Wing at the beginning of February 1952 at Presque Isle AFB, Maine as part of a major reorganization of ADC responding to ADC's difficulty under the existing wing base organizational structure in deploying fighter squadrons to best advantage. The wing assumed operational control and the air defense mission of fighter squadrons formerly assigned to the inactivating 23d Fighter-Interceptor Wing (FIW). The 74th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (FIS) and 74th FIS, flying North American F-86 Sabre aircraft were at Presque Isle, while the 101st FIW's 132d FIS, flying Lockheed F-80 Shooting Stars was at Dow AFB, Maine, and the 134th FIS, flying World War II era North American F-51 Mustangs was at Burlington Municipal Airport, Vermont. The two dispersed squadrons were federalized Air National Guard (ANG) squadrons that had been attached to the 23rd FIW. The 27th FIS at Griffiss AFB, another F-86 squadron, was transferred to the wing from direct assignment to Eastern Air Defense Force. The support elements of the 23rd FIW's 23rd Air Base Group and 23rd Maintenance & Supply Group were replaced at Presque Isle by an air base squadron and air base squadrons were activated at Presque Isle and Burlington to support the fighter squadrons at those bases. The wing's mission was to train and maintain tactical units in a state of readiness to intercept and destroy enemy aircraft attempting to penetrate the air defense system in the Northeastern United States.
In June, the 74th FIS converted to Northrop F-89 Scorpion interceptor aircraft, but by fall its F-89Cs had been grounded and the squadron was forced to convert to F-94 Starfires. In November 1952, the two ANG fighter squadrons were returned to the control of their states and replaced by the 37th FIS at Ethan Allen and the 49th FIS at Dow.
In February 1953, another major reorganization of ADC activated Air Defense Groups at ADC bases with dispersed fighter squadrons. Two groups were assigned to the wing and assumed direct control of the fighter squadrons, as well as support squadrons to carry out their role as the USAF host organizations at their bases. As a result of this reorganization, the 528th Air Defense Group activated at Presque Isle and assumed control of the fighter squadrons there, while the 517th Air Defense Group activated to command the squadron at Ethan Allen AFB. The reorganization also resulted in the wing adding the radar detection, control and warning mission, and it was assigned six Aircraft Control & Warning Squadrons (AC&W Sq) to perform this mission. The 49th FIS traded in its F-80s for F-86s in the same month. Meanwhile, the 75th FIS moved to Suffolk County AFB in October and was reassigned to another wing.
In 1954, two of the wing's squadrons upgraded to radar equipped and rocket armed fighters. The 49th FIS received later model F-86D Sabres, while the 27th FIS converted to F-94C Starfires.
In 1955, ADC implemented Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units that had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. As a result of Project Arrow, the 23d Fighter Group (Air Defense), replaced the 528th Air Defense Group at Presque Isle, while the 14th Fighter Group replaced the 517th Air Defense Group at Ethan Allen. In October, a second F-89 squadron, the 465th FIS, activated at Griffiss AFB
In preparation for the implementation of the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) air defense system, the 4711th wing lost its operational units in March 1956 and moved to Selfridge AFB where it was discontinued shortly thereafter.
Lineage
Designated as the 4711th Defense Wing and organized on 1 February 1952
Redesignated as the 4711th Air Defense Wing on 1 September 1954
Discontinued on 8 July 1956
Assignments
Eastern Air Defense Force, 1 February 1952
32nd Air Division, 16 February 1953
30th Air Division, 1 March 1956 – 18 October 1956
Components
Groups
Fighter Groups
14th Fighter Group (Air Defense), 18 August 1955 – 1 March 1956
Ethan Allen AFB, Vermont, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
23d Fighter Group (Air Defense), 18 August 1955 – 1 March 1956
Air Defense Groups
517th Air Defense Group
Ethan Allen AFB, Vermont, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
528th Air Defense Group, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
Squadrons
Fighter Squadrons
27th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Griffiss AFB, New York, 6 February 1952 – 1 March 1956
37th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Ethan Allen AFB, Vermont, 1 November 1952 – 16 February 1953
49th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Dow AFB, Maine, 1 November 1952 – 5 November 1955
74th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 6 February 1952 – 16 February 1953
75th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 6 February 1952 – 16 October 1952
132d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Dow AFB, Maine, 6 February 1952 – 1 November 1952
134th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Burlington Municipal Airport (renamed Ethan Allen AFB), Vermont, 6 February 1952 – 1 November 1952
465th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Griffiss AFB, New York, 8 October 1955 – 1 March 1956
Support Squadrons
75th Air Base Squadron
Ethan Allen AFB, Vermont, 1 February 1952 – 16 February 1953
85th Air Base Squadron, 1 February 1952 – 16 February 1953
Radar Squadrons
127th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Fort Williams, Maine, 16 February 1953 – 1 September 1953
128th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Dow AFB, Maine, 16 February 1953 – 1 September 1953
655th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Watertown AFS, New York, 16 February 1953 – 1 March 1956
677th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Fort Williams AFS, Maine, 1 September 1953 – May 1954
679th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Dow AFB, Maine, 1 September 1953 – December 1953
764th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Bellevue Hill (later Saint Albans AFS), Vermont, 16 February 1953 – 1 March 1956
765th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Charleston AFS, Maine, 16 February 1953 – 1 March 1956
766th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Caswell AFS, Maine, 16 February 1953 – 1 March 1956
792d Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Ethan Allen AFB, Vermont, 1 November 1953 – December 1953
907th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Syracuse AFS, New York, November 1954 – February 1955, Bucks Harbor AFS, Maine – 1 March 1956
911th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Syracuse AFS, New York, June 1955 – 1 March 1956
Stations
Presque Isle AFB, Maine, 1 February 1952
Selfridge AFB, Michigan, 1 March 1956 – 8 July 1956
Aircraft
F-51D, 1952–1953
F-80C, 1952
F-86A, 1952
F-86D, 1953–1956
F-86F, 1953–1954
F-89C, 1952, 1953–1954
F-89D, 1954–1956
F-94B, 1952–1953
F-94C, 1954–1956
Commanders
Col. Charles H. McDonald, 1 February 1952 – after Mar 1952
Col. Norvel K. Heath, by Jul 1952 – 1952
Col. James O. Beckwith, 1952 – unknown
See also
List of MAJCOM wings of the United States Air Force
List of United States Air Force Aerospace Defense Command Interceptor Squadrons
List of United States Air Force aircraft control and warning squadrons
References
Notes
Bibliography
Buss, Lydus H.(ed), Sturm, Thomas A., Volan, Denys, and McMullen, Richard F., History of Continental Air Defense Command and Air Defense Command July to December 1955, Directorate of Historical Services, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, CO, (1956)
Grant, C.L., (1961) The Development of Continental Air Defense to 1 September 1954, USAF Historical Study No. 126
Further reading
Four Digit Wings of the United States Air Force
Air defense wings of the United States Air Force
Military units and formations established in 1952
Military units and formations disestablished in 1956
Military units and formations in Maine
Alex Michaelides (born 1977) is a bestselling British Cypriot author and screenwriter. His debut novel, the psychological thriller The Silent Patient, is a New York Times and Sunday Times bestseller, with over three million copies sold.
Biography
Michaelides was born in Cyprus to a Cypriot father and English mother. He studied English literature at Trinity College, Cambridge University.
He studied psychotherapy for three years, and worked for two years at a secure unit for young adults. This work provided material and inspiration for his debut novel The Silent Patient.
Work
Michaelides' debut novel, The Silent Patient, was the No. 1 New York Times Bestseller of Hardcover Fiction in its first week and was the bestselling hardback debut in the US for 2019. It was a Sunday Times top 10 bestseller for seven weeks. On Amazon.com, it was the No. 2 most sold for 2019 in their list of Most Sold Books in fiction and named as their number one thriller of 2019. It also won the Goodreads Choice Award for Best Mystery & Thriller of 2019, was chosen as a Richard & Judy Book Club pick and as a Book of the Month in The Times. It was shortlisted for a Barry for best debut and Barnes and Noble's Book of the Year. Brad Pitt's production company, Plan B, is developing The Silent Patient as a film.
Michaelides' second novel, The Maidens, was published on 10 June 2021 by Orion Publishing (UK) and on 15 June 2021 by Celadon Books (US). It is a psychological detective story about a series of murders at a Cambridge college. The novel debuted at number two on The New York Times fiction best-seller list for the week ending 19 June 2021.
Michaelides also wrote the film The Devil You Know, starring Lena Olin, Rosamund Pike, and Jennifer Lawrence, and co-wrote The Con Is On, starring Uma Thurman, Tim Roth, Parker Posey, and Sofia Vergara.
Bibliography
The Silent Patient (2019)
The Maidens (2021)
References
1977 births
Living people
21st-century English novelists
21st-century British novelists
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
21st-century British screenwriters
World Wide Technology, Inc. (WWT) is a privately-held technology services provider based in St. Louis, Missouri. The company has an annual revenue of $13.4 billion (the 20th largest private company in the US and the biggest black-owned company in the US) and employs 7,000 people. WWT works in the areas of cloud computing, computer security, data centers, data analytics and artificial intelligence, computer networks, application software development, cell phone carrier networking, and consulting services.
History
World Wide Technology was founded by David Steward and Jim Kavanaugh in July 1990 as a reseller of technology equipment.
In 1994, WWT entered into a partnership with Cisco Systems to resell hardware and software. WWT also established partnerships with technology companies including Dell, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Intel, Microsoft, NetApp, F5, Tanium and VMware.
WWT opened its first warehouse in 1996 and operates more than 20 facilities with two million square feet of warehousing, distribution and integration space.
In 1999, Telcobuy.com, LLC, was founded as separate company, owned by WWT, Steward and Kavanaugh.
In March, 2000, Telcobuy announced $27.5 million in venture capital, after revenue grew to $246 million.
Telcobuy planned an initial public offering of about $100 million, but as the dot-com bubble burst, the plan was withdrawn in the early 2000s recession.
Starting 2001 with 440 employees, the company reduced its workforce and its founders took 40% pay cuts, while it kept operating. In January 2003, it was merged back into WWT under a holding company.
WWT created its first large-scale integration lab in St. Louis to increase capacity for secure system configuration. Additional integration labs were established in Europe and Asia, with locations in Amsterdam and Singapore opening in 2015, and Mumbai in 2019.In 2009, WWT opened its Advanced Technology Center to allow engineers, customers and partners to evaluate hardware and software. The Advanced Technology Center was made accessible online.
In 2015, WWT acquired St. Louis software company Asynchrony.
In 2020, WWT received Webby Awards in the Health & Fitness and People's Voice categories for its St. Jude Children's Research Hospital Patient Care App.
WWT has been named on Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For list from 2012 to 2020.
In 2021, Time named WWT among the 100 Most Influential Companies, in the "Leaders" category.
Sponsorships
In 2018, WWT signed a sponsorship agreement with Richard Petty Motorsports driver “Bubba” Wallace, Jr
In 2019, WWT announced a naming rights sponsorship of Gateway Motorsports Park, now known as the World Wide Technology Raceway
WWT also sponsors PGA golfer Graeme McDowell and PGA Tour Champions golfer Billy Andrade
References
Information technology companies of the United States
Companies based in St. Louis County, Missouri
Technology companies established in 1990
1990 establishments in Missouri
Black-owned companies of the United States
Justinas Januševskij (born 26 March 1994) is a Lithuanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for the Lithuanian club Panevėžys.
Club career
Januševskij joined FK Trakai at the age of 15, and has spent his entire playing career with them.
On 28 December 2019, he became a member of FK Panevėžys.
International career
Januševskij made his professional debut for the Lithuania national football team in a friendly 1–0 loss to Iran on 8 June 2018.
References
External links
Lietuvos Futbol profile
FKT Profile
A Lyga Profile
1994 births
Living people
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
Lithuania youth international footballers
A Lyga players
FK Riteriai players
Association football defenders
Lithuanian people of Russian descent
Ibrahim Al-Jawabreh (; born May 10, 1991) is a Jordanian football player, who currently plays as a forward for Al-Seeb.
International career statistics
References
External links
jo.gitsport.net
Jordanian footballers
Association football forwards
1991 births
Sahab SC players
Al-Ahli SC (Amman) players
Al-Jazeera (Jordan) players
Al-Yarmouk FC (Jordan) players
Mansheyat Bani Hasan players
That Ras Club players
Al-Wehdat SC players
Al-Seeb Club players
Jordanian Pro League players
Oman Professional League players
Living people
Jordan international footballers
Jordanian expatriate footballers
Jordanian expatriate sportspeople in Oman
Expatriate footballers in Oman
Sportspeople from Amman
Killer Shrike is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Publication history
The Simon Maddicks version of Killer Shrike first appeared in The Rampaging Hulk #1 (Jan. 1977) and was created by John Warner and John Buscema.
Fictional character biography
Simon Maddicks
Simon Maddicks was born in Williamsburg, Virginia. He began his career as a soldier in the United States Army. However, after that, not even Maddicks recalls much about his own past for some reason. When he was selected to be a special agent of the Roxxon Oil Company, Maddicks became a mercenary and professional criminal, more specifically a special agent in covert operations. He was sent to the Mutagenics Laboratory of the Brand Corporation, where he underwent extensive conditioning which increased his human abilities. He also underwent surgery which implanted a miniature anti-gravity generator in his spine. Roxxon later gave Maddicks his super-villain costume and the codename "Killer Shrike".
For his first mission, Roxxon sent him to infiltrate the subversive organization called the Conspiracy, which Roxxon learned about through major purchases of technology from the Brand Corporation. The Conspiracy sent Killer Shrike to capture a monster known as Goram. The plan was thwarted by the super-hero known as Ulysses Bloodstone who short-circuited the villain's electrical weapons, badly injuring him. Feeling sorry for Killer Shrike's condition, Bloodstone's agents sent the villain to a New York hospital, where he lay comatose for several weeks.
Upon awakening from the coma, Maddicks was contacted once again by Brand scientists led by Dr. Stephen Weems. Weems, better known as the villain Modular Man, sought revenge against his enemies Spider-Man and Beast. In return, the Modular Man promised Shrike information about his past. In battle with Spider-Man and the Beast, Weems was killed before he could uphold his end of the bargain. Shrike escaped and was soon contacted by agents of the Brand Corporation. They helped restore his memory, and assigned him to undercover work as bodyguard to Brand president James Melvin. His costume became controlled by the Will-o'-the-Wisp, and he was forced to abduct Dr. Marla Madison to reconstitute the immaterial Wisp. In the end, he was defeated by Spider-Man. With Brand's public dissolution, Killer Shrike became a free agent.
With other superhuman adventurers and criminals, Killer Shrike was later captured and imprisoned by the Locksmith. He was freed by Spider-Woman. He later robbed a bank, but was defeated by Spider-Man. He then attempted a theft of a power booster from the Tinkerer after commissioning him to build it for him, but was again defeated both by Spider-Man and a failsafe function the Tinkerer installs in his products to deal with such situations.
During the events of the "Acts of Vengeance", Killer Shrike attacked Moon Knight, alongside the second Ringer and Coachwhip. He shot down the Mooncopter, seriously injuring Moon Knight's pilot Frenchie and then escaped.
Killer Shrike was later hired by Surge and battled the She-Hulk alongside Grey Gargoyle and Dragon Man, but was defeated.
Ever since, Killer Shrike was most often seen getting beaten up by several super-heroes, most often the Hulk. Killer Shrike was briefly a member of the Cardinal's team of flying super villains known as Air Force. Then, Killer Shrike appeared to have been murdered by the Soldiers of Misfortune.
In the "Secret War" miniseries, Killer Shrike's equipment got updated by the Tinkerer. This still was not enough for Maddicks to gain a victory, as he was soon afterward defeated by the Avengers, and apprehended by S.H.I.E.L.D.
During the GLX-Mas Special, Killer Shrike tried to steal a device from Roxxon Company known as "Project Z" but was defeated by the Grasshopper, an employee of the company.
Killer Shrike was later apprehended by Baron Helmut Zemo and forced to join the Thunderbolts, for so far unclear reasons.
Killer Shrike later made a cameo at the Bar With No Name.
Killer Shrike was beat up by Moon Knight and attacked in the hospital by the Black Spectre.
Killer Shrike later appeared as a member of the Shadow Council's Masters of Evil. Killer Shrike is present when Max Fury and the Masters of Evil capture John Steele after he attempts to escape Bagalia with the Serpent Crown and the Crown of Thorns.
Killer Shrike was among the villains to join Swarm's Sinister Six when they attacked Spider-Man and the students of the Jean Grey School for Higher Learning. After Swarm was defeated by Hellion, Killer Shrike and the other villains surrendered.
During the "Hunted" storyline, Killer Shrike is among the animal-themed characters that were captured by Taskmaster and Black Ant for Kraven the Hunter's "Great Hunt" that was sponsored by Arcade's company Arcade Industries. He watched the fight between Spider-Man and Scorpion until the Hunter-Bots created by Arcade Industries arrived. He then ran from the Hunter-Bots. Killer Shrike later helped the animal-themed characters fight the Hunter-Bots.
During the "Devil's Reign" storyline, Killer Shrike was seen as an inmate of the Myrmidon. Moon Knight fought him and Cactus in one of the prison matches and defeated them.
Unnamed criminal
Killer Shrike sold his original costume to Roderick Kingsley, who then sold it to an unnamed criminal. Killer Shrike was present with Hobgoblin (who was actually Roderick Kingsley's butler Claude) when he led his forces into battle against the Goblin King's Goblin Nation. After Hobgoblin was killed by Goblin King, Killer Shrike was among the villains that defected to the Goblin Nation.
Following Spider-Man's victory over the Goblin King, Killer Shrike was seen with the former Hobgoblin henchmen at the Bar with No Name where they encounter Electro. Killer Shrike is later among the villains at the Bar with No Name that convinces Black Cat to lead them.
During the "AXIS" storyline, Killer Shrike was among the supervillains that Missile Mate assembled to join the side of Phil Urich (who was operating as Goblin King) and the remnants of the Goblin Underground upon claiming that Roderick Kingsley "abandoned" them.
Killer Shrike and Melter later beat up Ringer to serve as Black Cat's warning to anyone who steals from her.
Powers and abilities
Extensive conditioning and surgery by Brand Corporation scientists enhanced Simon Maddicks's strength and other physical abilities. He is capable of flight by means of a surgically implanted anti-gravity generator at the base of his spine, activated by a neural link.
Besides that, he has extensive training and experience in hand-to-hand combat and martial arts, and proficiency with hand weapons including guns and knives.
Killer Shrike wears body armor, an armored suit made of an insulated steel alloy mesh capable of protecting him from flight turbulence and small caliber weapons fire. His major weapons system is the twin power-blasters worn on his wrists, with titanium talons capable of slashing flesh, wood, cinderblock, and light metals, and of discharging high-frequency electrical bolts.
Other versions
Ultimate Marvel
The Ultimate version of Killer Shrike made a cameo in Ultimate Spider-Man #72, trying to rob Roxxon Energy Corporation Industries of their supply of Adamantium - but was apprehended by Spider-Man. This version was a deranged, desperate man who seemed to almost froth at the mouth. Spider-Man himself referred to him as 'Steroid-Boy with a Laser Tag Fetish'. It was later revealed that he was an employee of Tinkerer hired specifically to bother Donald Roxxon as part of his revenge for firing him.
In other media
The Simon Maddicks incarnation of Killer Shrike appears in Iron Man: Armored Adventures, voiced by Ty Olsson. This version is an enforcer for the Maggia in season one and Justin Hammer / Titanium Man in season two who is often paired with Unicorn. Additionally, his anti-gravity generator is incorporated into his wrist blasters.
References
External links
Killer Shrike at Marvel.com
Characters created by John Buscema
Comics characters introduced in 1977
Fictional characters from Virginia
Fictional mercenaries in comics
Marvel Comics characters who can move at superhuman speeds
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics supervillains
Hoholeve (, ) is an urban-type settlement in Myrhorod Raion of Poltava Oblast in Ukraine. It is located in a steppe approximately northwest of the city of Poltava. Hoholeve hosts the administration of Hoholeve settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Population:
Until 18 July 2020, Hoholeve belonged to Velyka Bahachka Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Poltava Oblast to four. The area of Velyka Bahachka Raion was merged into Myrhorod Raion.
Economy
Transportation
Hoholeve railway station is on the railway connecting Poltava with Romodan with further connections to Kyiv via Hrebinka, Bakhmach, and Kremenchuk. There is infrequent passenger traffic.
The settlement has roas access to Myrhorod, Poltava, and Lubny.
References
Urban-type settlements in Poltava Oblast
Guangdong Prison Administrative Bureau is the correctional agency of Guangdong Province, China. It is headquartered in Baiyun District, Guangzhou. As of September 2014 Liu Fang is the head of the bureau.
As of 2015 the province has 127 prisons and detention houses.
History
From the beginning of 2014 until 2015 there were a series of incidents involving illegal sentence commutations and escapes from the Guangdong prison system.
The prison in Jieyang created an online inmate information system in April 2014; this is the first such program in Mainland China. In September 2014 the bureau announced that it was going to begin publishing inmate information online by the end of 2014.
Prisons
Guangdong province has over 24 prisons.
Dongguan Prison
Guangdong Women's Prison
Jieyang Prison
Panyu Prison
Shaoguan Prison
See also
List of prisons in Guangdong
References
External links
Guangdong Prison Administrative Bureau /
Provincial-level prison administrative bureaux in China
Politics of Guangdong
Imma diluticiliata is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Thomas de Grey in 1900. It is found in India (Assam) and on Sulu.
The wingspan is about 17 mm. The forewings are unicolorous smoky grey brown, with a slight purplish tinge. The extreme edge of the costa is pale stone grey (not coming over the upper surface of the wing). The hindwings are brownish, partially transparent between the veins near the base. The costa is whitish grey.
References
Moths described in 1900
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The Cave of Euripides is a narrow cave, approximately 47 meters deep with ten small chambers, on a hillside overlooking the Saronic Gulf in the area of Peristeria on the south coast of Salamis Island, Greece. Its name derives from its reputation since ancient times as the place where the playwright Euripides came to write his tragedies. The ancient authors Philochorus and Satyrus described Euripides as a misanthrope who avoided society by lurking in a cave. The second century Roman author Aulus Gellius claimed to have visited the "grim and gloomy cavern" during his visit to Athens (Attic Nights XV.20).
Archaeology
In the 1990s, excavations were carried out under the direction of Yannos G. Lolos, Assistant Professor of Prehistoric Archaeology at the University of Ioannina, Epirus, in collaboration with the Department of Palaeoanthropology of the Greek Ministry of Culture.
Finds date from the late Neolithic onward. They include stone implements and arrowheads; Mycenaean burials; 5th century BC Attic black glaze pottery; Roman period coins and votive figurines; and jewellery from the Frankish period, generally suggesting its long-term use as a place of refuge and worship. The most notable discovery was a fragmentary black-glaze skyphos dating from the late 5th century BC, with the letters ΕΥΡΙΠΠ, clearly part of the name Euripides, carefully inscribed in letters of the Hellenistic or Roman period. Lolos interpreted the cup as a votive offering to Euripides, confirmation of the devotion his poetry inspired in later periods.
Lolos also uncovered the foundations of a small rural sanctuary about 70 meters southwest of the cave, on the trail from the shore. Based on a marble phallus and other finds, he interpreted it as a sanctuary of Dionysus, the patron god of Greek theatre.
Access
The cave, unsignposted, is located between the settlements of Peristeria and Kolones, about 350 meters northwest of the north end of Euripides Street, up a clear footpath. There is a steel door.
References
The Cave of Euripides on Salamis , 1996 expedition report, Yannos Lolos
Ακάμας: Σπήλαιο Ευριπίδη, G. Lolas (in Greek).
Important Archaeological Sites, Aristotles' Lyceum And Cave Of Euripides, Found in Greece Archaeologists Say, Embassy of Greece, Washington, DC, 14 January 1997
Clay pot points to Cave of Euripides, New York Times, January 13, 1997
External links
Euripides
Locations in Greek mythology
Euripides
Euripides
Ancient Attica
Ancient Greek theatre
Landforms of Attica
Landforms of Islands (regional unit)
Euripides
Malik or Malak is a gotra of Jats found in Haryana, India.
The Malik Jats were originally called Ghatwal (or Gathwala); they proudly started calling themselves malik ("lord"). They were zamindars (landowners) during the Mughal era.They have a huge population of over 116 villages , 64 villages in Sonipat and 56 in Shamli (Muzaffarnagar). They were also known as Gathwala. Jatwan Malik was chieftain who had a revolt against Qutbudin Aibak in 12th century at the fort of Hansi.
Notable people bearing the name include:
Sakshi Malik, Olympic bronze medal winner
Anshu Malik, Indian freestyle wrestler
Satya Pal Malik, Governor of Meghalaya
References
Jat clans of Haryana
typeof, alternately also typeOf, and TypeOf, is an operator provided by several programming languages to determine the data type of variable. This is useful when constructing programs that must accept multiple types of data without explicitly specifying the type.
In languages that support polymorphism and type casting, the typeof operator may have one of two distinct meanings when applied to an object. In some languages, such as Visual Basic, the typeof operator returns the dynamic type of the object. That is, it returns the true, original type of the object, irrespective of any type casting. In these languages, the typeof operator is the method for obtaining run-time type information.
In other languages, such as C# or D and, to some degree, in C (as part of nonstandard extensions and proposed standard revisions), the typeof operator returns the static type of the operand. That is, it evaluates to the declared type at that instant in the program, irrespective of its original form. These languages usually have other constructs for obtaining run-time type information, such as typeid.
Examples
In a non-standard (GNU) extension of the C programming language, typeof may be used to define a general macro for determining the maximum value of two parameters:#define max(a,b) ({ typeof (a) _a = (a); typeof (b) _b = (b); _a > _b ? _a : _b; })In C#:// Given an object, returns if it is an integer.
// The "is" operator can be also used to determine this.
public static bool IsInteger(object o) {
return ( o.GetType() == typeof(int) );
}In VB.NET, the C# variant of "typeof" should be translated into the VB.NET's GetType method. The TypeOf keyword in VB.NET is used to compare an object reference variable to a data type.
The following example uses TypeOf...Is expressions to test the type compatibility of two object reference variables with various data types.Dim refInteger As Object = 2
MsgBox("TypeOf Object[Integer] Is Integer? " & TypeOf refInteger Is Integer)
MsgBox("TypeOf Object[Integer] Is Double? " & TypeOf refInteger Is Double)
Dim refForm As Object = New System.Windows.Forms.Form
MsgBox("TypeOf Object[Form] Is Form? " & TypeOf refForm Is System.Windows.Forms.Form)
MsgBox("TypeOf Object[Form] Is Label? " & TypeOf refForm Is System.Windows.Forms.Label)
MsgBox("TypeOf Object[Form] Is Control? " & TypeOf refForm Is System.Windows.Forms.Control)
MsgBox("TypeOf Object[Form] Is IComponent? " & TypeOf refForm Is System.ComponentModel.IComponent)In JavaScript:function isNumber(n)
{
return ( typeof n === 'number' );
}
In TypeScript:
function (param: typeof existingObject) { ... }
let newObject: typeof existingObject;
See also
sizeof
decltype
Type introspection
References
Operators (programming)
Ivaylo Kirov (; born 30 December 1965) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a midfielder. He earned 12 caps for the Bulgarian national team, scoring one goal.
Born in Shumen, Kirov began his career with local side Volov Shumen. In 1984, he joined CSKA Sofia, where he spent the majority of his playing career. With CSKA Kirov won four A Group titles, five Bulgarian Cups, four Cups of the Soviet Army and one Bulgarian Supercup.
Kirov also played for Norwegian side Lillestrøm SK in the Tippeligaen and Velbazhd Kyustendil.
Honours
Club
CSKA Sofia
A Group (4): 1986–87, 1988–89, 1989–90, 1991–92
Bulgarian Cup (5): 1985, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1993
Cup of the Soviet Army (4): 1985, 1986, 1989, 1990
Bulgarian Supercup (1): 1989
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
Bulgaria international footballers
Bulgaria youth international footballers
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
PFC CSKA Sofia players
Lillestrøm SK players
PFC Velbazhd Kyustendil players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Eliteserien players
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Norway
People from Shumen
Association football midfielders
Rizah Mešković (born 10 August 1947) is a Bosnian retired professional football goalkeeper and former football manager.
On the international level he played for the Yugoslavia national team once in 1972, and was a participant at the 1974 FIFA World Cup in West Germany.
Throughout his football career, both as a player and coach, Mešković had much success and received a good number of awards from UEFA, FIFA and the Football Association of Yugoslavia (FJS).
Club career
Sloboda Tuzla
According to Mešković, he started his professional football career at boyhood age, and the first club that he ever played in was FK Sloboda Tuzla from 1964, where he remained until 1973, that is, until his departure to HNK Hajduk Split. According to Gojko Škrbić, Sloboda sold him to Hajduk for two years with the compensation of the then 14 million old dinars.
In the 1968–69 Yugoslav Second League season, Sloboda won 36 points and scored 50 goals, while Mešković capitulated only nine times, the least of all other Second league and First league goalkeepers.
Hajduk Split
For the "Bili (The Whites)", Mešković played 107 games, 53 games in the championship, 9 games in the cup, 6 in European competitions, and 39 games in friendly matches. He stood on the goal for the first time in a farewell game of the legendary Radomir Vukčević (Vučka), Ivica Hlevnjak and Pero Nadoveza. The first official appearance for Hajduk, was in the Yugoslav Cup on 12 August 1973, in the starting lineup against FK Vardar, which Hajduk won with 5:1.
While at Hajduk, The fans gave him the nickname "Mate" and sang the song "From Marjan's blowing the breeze Mešković keeps the door guarding us." A strong and powerful goalkeeper, safe in running ins, with Hajduk he won two Yugoslavian Championships in 1974 (with 33 appearances) and 1975 (with 16 appearances). He also won 3 cups in a row in 1973, 1974 and in 1976.
789 minutes without a goal
Rizah holds in the territory of the former Yugoslavia a record of 789 minutes of not conceding a goal. That series of not conceding a goal was broken by Vladimir Petković. The last goal he received was in a match against FK Željezničar Sarajevo in Split on 25 November 1973 (1: 1). From that game, goals weren't conceded in matches played against: FK Borac Banja Luka in Banja Luka (0: 0), then OFK Belgrade in Split (2: 0), FK Vojvodina in Split (3: 0), GNK Dinamo Zagreb in Zagreb (0: 1), OFK Bor in Split (3: 0), FK Radnički Niš in Niš (0: 1) and NK Čelik Zenica in Split (1: 0). Only in the 22nd round Hajduk lost from FK Sarajevo 1: 0.However, in that game, Brane Oblak, Ivan Buljan, Slaviša Žungul and Mićun Jovanić did not play. The players that did play were: Mešković, Vilson Džoni, Vedran Rožić, Luka Peruzović, Dragan Holcer, Mario Boljat, Željko Mijač, Dražen Mužinić, Joško Gluić, Jurica and Ivica Šurjak.
From AZ Alkmaar to Orebić
With 107 games to his name, he left Hajduk in 1976 and joined Dutch club AZ Alkmaar where he stayed until 1979 and had to fight for his place between the posts with Gerrit Vooys. After Alkmaar, he returned to Tuzla and once again joined Sloboda in 1979 where he stayed until 1983, after which he went to several domestic clubs. They were: FK Budućnost Banovići, where he stayed from 1983 to 1984, then FK Radnik Bijeljina from 1984 to 1985, NK Bratstvo Gračanica, from 1985 to 1987. He ended his career in NK Orebić where he played from 1987 to 1988.
International career
For the national team of Yugoslavia, he played one game, on 29 June 1972, against Scotland, a game that was played in the Brazil Independence Cup in Belo Horizonte which ended with a score of 2: 2. He was also a part of the squad that played at the 1974 FIFA World Cup in West Germany. However, Mešković didn't play a single game at the Cup.
Coaching career
He started his coaching career with the completion of the coaching school in Sarajevo, and already in 1988 he trained the Yugoslav B team and next year FK Sloboda Tuzla. Finally in the 1990, he became an assistant coach to Ivica Osim in the Yugoslavia A team.
In 1991 as a member of the Yugoslavia staff, he went to the United Arab Emirates where he coached several clubs and A and B national teams. He also spent some time in Saudi Arabia as a coach (Al Ahli SC in Jeddah, 2001–2002). After Saudi Arabia he also coached in Qatar (Al Sadd in Doha, 2002–2005 as an assistant). However, he spent most of his time in the Emirates where he trained clubs Al Wahda FC (1991–1992) in Abu Dhabi, Al Shabab Al Arabi Club (1992–1993, 1999–2001 and 2005–2007), Al Wasl F.C. (1997–1998) from Dubai and Al Nasr SC (1998–1999) also in Dubai. He ended his professional coaching career in 2007.
Honours
Player
Club
Hajduk Split
Yugoslav First League: 1974, 1975
Yugoslav Cup: 1973, 1974, 1975–76
AZ Alkmaar
KNVB Cup: 1977–78
Manager
Al Ahli
Crown Prince Cup: 2001–02
Saudi Federation Cup: 2001–02
GCC Champions League: 2002
References
External links
Serbian national football team website
1947 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Tuzla
Association football goalkeepers
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
1974 FIFA World Cup players
FK Sloboda Tuzla players
HNK Hajduk Split players
AZ Alkmaar players
FK Budućnost Banovići players
FK Radnik Bijeljina players
NK Bratstvo Gračanica players
Yugoslav Second League players
Yugoslav First League players
Eredivisie players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Yugoslav football managers
Bosnia and Herzegovina football managers
FK Sloboda Tuzla managers
Al Wahda FC managers
Al Shabab Al Arabi Club managers
Al Nassr FC managers
Al-Sharjah SCC managers
Al Hilal SFC managers
Al-Wasl F.C. managers
Al-Nasr SC (Dubai) managers
Al-Ahli Saudi FC managers
UAE Pro League managers
Saudi Professional League managers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in the United Arab Emirates
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate football managers in Saudi Arabia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate football managers in Qatar
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Thomas Adams Smith was an American military officer and, later, a government official, in the first half of the 19th century. He commanded troops in the "Patriot War" in Spanish East Florida. He commanded the Regiment of Riflemen and then the Ninth Military Department. He was a slave owner. The city of Fort Smith, Arkansas, is named for Smith, although he never went to its location.
Early life
Thomas Adams Smith was born on August 12, 1781 in Piscataway, Essex County, Virginia. He was the fifth of seven children of Francis and Lucy Wilkinson Smith. At some point prior to entering the U.S. Army, Smith moved to Georgia.
Military career
Smith was commissioned as a second lieutenant of artillery on December 15, 1803, and promoted to first lieutenant on December 31, 1805. In October 1806, General James Wilkinson used Smith, then serving as Wilkinson's aide, as a courier to transport letters relating to the Burr conspiracy to President Thomas Jefferson.
Smith enjoyed the support of Senator William H. Crawford (whose present-day namesake Crawford County, Arkansas, lies across the Arkansas River from its neighbor Fort Smith) and Congressman George M. Troup, both of Georgia. It is unclear whether patronage was involved but Smith, now an experienced officer, was promoted to captain in the Regiment of Riflemen on May 3, 1808. When Lieutenant Colonel William Duane proved unequal to the task of being second in command of the Regiment of Riflemen, Smith was promoted to lieutenant colonel on July 31, 1810, and replaced Duane; he was promoted over John Fuller, the major in the regiment, who left the Army.
A group of Georgians, calling themselves "Patriots", crossed into Spanish East Florida and, on March 17, 1812, captured Amelia Island from the Spanish garrison. The Patriots then "ceded" Amelia Island and the surrounding area to the United States. On April 12, 1812, Smith led two companies of riflemen who occupied Fort Mose, Spanish East Florida as part of the Patriot War of East Florida. The riflemen received little support from the US Government or the Patriots. Smith attempted a siege of St. Augustine, Florida, but his supply lines were not secure and the Spanish garrison of Castillo de San Marcos threatened his command. The Spanish counterattacked Fort Mose and Smith retreated to an encampment further from St. Augustine, Florida. On May 16, 1812, the Spanish set fire to Fort Mose to prevent its reoccupation. All US troops were withdrawn from East Florida by May 1813. Troops retreated to Point Petre, Georgia, under the leadership of Captain Abraham A. Massias.
On July 6, 1812, Colonel Alexander Smyth left the regiment to become Inspector General of the Army and Smith was promoted to colonel and assumed command of the regiment.
During the War of 1812, elements of the Regiment of Riflemen is allocated to different commands and rarely fought together. On January 24, 1814, Smith was promoted to brigadier general. He relinquished command to the riflemen to George W. Sevier and assumed command of a light infantry brigade near Plattsburgh, New York. In September 1814, Smith's brigade, including elements of the Regiment of Riflemen, proceeded to join forces operating near Niagara, New York. They failed to arrive before the campaign season ended in December. Smith was allowed to take leave in Knoxville, Tennessee. While he was on leave, the war ended.
Following the end of the War of 1812, the Army was reduced in size. Smith was retained but reverted, on May 17, 1815, to his earlier rank of colonel; however, he was concurrently brevetted as a brigadier general postdated to January 24, 1814, the date of his wartime promotion.
In July 1815, Smith was ordered to report to St. Louis, Missouri, and arrived on September 1, 1815. He resumed command of the Regiment of Riflemen.
During Smith's tenure, the Regiment of Riflemen founded Fort Armstrong, Rock Island, Illinois; Fort Crawford, Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin; Fort Howard, Green Bay, Wisconsin; and Fort Smith, Arkansas. The last was named after Thomas Smith and a community grew up around the fort. After a few years, the Army abandoned the installation, but the city of Fort Smith remained, and continued to grow. Throughout the twentieth century, it was the second-largest city in Arkansas.
Smith resigned from the Army on November 10, 1818.
Later life
During the time Smith was assigned to Fort Bellefontaine, Missouri, legislation opened up new areas of Missouri for settlement and for the opening of a land officer in Franklin, Missouri. Smith wanted to be appointed as the receiver of the office because he wanted to establish a permanent residence for his wife and children as well as their inherited slaves. John O'Fallon, formerly a captain in the Regiment of Riflemen and now a prominent businessman in St. Louis successfully pleaded his case and Smith was appointed to the position. Later, he was able to acquire six or seven thousand acres of land, on which he established a farm he named "Experiment." In 1829, Smith resigned his position as receiver and moved with his family to the house he had built on the farm, becoming a full-time farmer. He never sought another public office.
Smith died on June 25, 1844, at Experiment Farm. (Heitman shows his date of death as December 1818.) The town of Smithton Company was named after him.
References
1781 births
1844 deaths
United States Army personnel of the War of 1812
United States Army generals
Heavy Metal Maniac is the debut studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter, released through Shrapnel Records in 1983. The album was reissued by Megaforce Records in 2005.
Heavy Metal Maniac was inducted into the Decibel Magazine Hall of Fame in a special issue regarding the Top 100 Old-School Metal Albums of All Time.
Track listing
Tracks 12 & 13 interviews were recorded on November 7, 1982, on CKCU in Ottawa, Canada.
Track 14 backstage interview recorded in August 1982 for CHEZ 106 before opening for Black Sabbath at Ottawa Exhibition.
Credits
Dan Beehler − vocals, drums
John Ricci − guitar, backing vocals
Allan Johnson − bass, backing vocals
Production
Andy Brown – artwork, concept
References
1983 debut albums
Exciter (band) albums
Shrapnel Records albums
Douglas Nicholls (born 1956) is a British trade union leader and writer.
Nicholls was a part-time youth worker in Oxford in 1975, when he joined the Community and Youth Workers' Union (CYWU). In 1982, he moved to Coventry to work full-time in the field, and in 1987 he was elected as general secretary of the .
He was Secretary of the Coventry Trade Union Council 1984-1994 and the Secretary of the Coventry Miners' Support Committee during the great strike 1984/85.
In 2007, Nicholls took the into a merger with the Transport and General Workers Union (TGWU); a few months later, the TGWU became part of Unite the Union, and Nicholls served as a national secretary of Unite until 2011.
Nicholls was elected to the Executive of the General Federation of Trade Unions in 1995 and served as its President from 2007 until 2009. He was elected as the Federation's General Secretary in 2012.
He became Chair of the national Chooseyouth campaign in 2011. This is an organisation composed of most youth service related organisations and young people's groups that campaigns for a statutory Youth Service.
In 2015, Nicholls became the first chair of Trade Unionists Against the European Union.
In 2021 he was elected as the first Chair of Rebuild Britain. www.rebuildbritain.org.uk.
Selected book publications
The Dance of Death, with illustrations by Tim Holman. Quatrain poems. 1979.
Speaking Tools, Poems 1975-2005.
Health and Safety in Youth and Community Work.
Managing Violence and Aggression in Youth and Community Work.
Lugalbanda, Lover of the Seed. Version with notes of a Sumerian poem. Manifesto Press.
Editor: Workers' PlayTime, seven scripts from seven struggles. Selected plays about key moments in trade union history with an introduction.
Advisor: For the Many Not the Few, A History of Britain Shaped by the People.
Link contributor: Trade Union Education, Transforming the World.
References
1950s births
Living people
General Secretaries of the General Federation of Trade Unions (UK)
Members of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress
Trade unionists from Oxfordshire
People from Oxford
Presidents of the General Federation of Trade Unions (UK)
G. Nageswara Reddy () is an Indian film director, known for his works in Telugu cinema. He worked as an assistant director to S. V. Krishna Reddy, for several films like Rajendrudu Gajendrudu, Mayalodu, Yamaleela, Subhalagnam, Number One, Ghatotkachudu, Vajram and Maavichiguru.
Filmography
References
External links
21st-century Indian film directors
Living people
Telugu film directors
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Our Jackie's Getting Married" is a 1972 song by British singer-songwriter Peter Skellern. It was released by Decca Records as Skellern's second single in late 1972, following the chart success of his first, "You're a Lady", but failed to chart.
The song's lyrics are written from the perspective of the titular Jackie, addressing his lover and telling her of the commotion he anticipates there will be when he tells his family about his plans to marry her. One verse has Jackie mimicking his mother's excited reaction to the news. Musically, the song incorporates an off-key piano and a brass band, which Skellern said nostalgically reminded him of a Northern wedding. Towards the end, a brief excerpt from Mendelssohn's Wedding March played on the Guildford Cathedral organ momentarily interrupts all other instrumentation. Another feature is a 'wound-up choir', a favourite studio effect of Skellern's. This effect was achieved by recording the choir at a slower speed making it sound higher and faster on normal speed playback.
Upon release, the song received praise from Deborah Thomas of the Daily Mirror, who commented "Peter Skellern is bound to plinkety plonk up the pop charts with an every day tale about ordinary folk" and from Charles Fiske of the Newcastle Evening Chronicle who said "it should help establish Peter as a new songwriter of considerable ability and talent". Bob Stanton of Coventry Evening Telegraph considered it "a pleasant enough, jog-along number" that was "nowhere near as distinctive or original" as "You're a Lady".
Skellern worried that fans wouldn't like "Our Jackie's Getting Married" as much as "You're a Lady" due to its difference in style. According to Skellern, Decca "wanted "You're a Lady" again and again. I didn't want to do it again because it was a very special song. I didn't want to spend my life doing "You're a Lady" copies." Released on 24 November 1972, the single failed to chart. Skellern would later say the single was issued due to pressure from higher authorities. He told Charles Webster of Record Mirror "I didn't really want it released. We were going to do another song but the mixing went wrong so Jackie was put out as a sort of stop gap by the record company". In Australia and New Zealand, the song was released as the B-side to "All Last Night".
Despite its commercial failure, the song was a runner-up in 1973's Ivor Novello Awards for Best Novelty Song. Skellern had mixed feelings about this, telling Record Mirror "I felt like getting under the table when they announced the prizes and said that the Novelty Song section had been won by such people as the Singing Postman in previous years! The thing is, mine wasn't a novelty record".
References
External links
1972 songs
1972 singles
Peter Skellern songs
Decca Records singles
Songs about marriage
The Lannan Literary Awards are a series of awards and literary fellowships given out in various fields by the Lannan Foundation. Established in 1989, the awards are meant "to honor both established and emerging writers whose work is of exceptional quality", according to the foundation. The foundation's awards are lucrative relative to most awards in literature: the 2006 awards for poetry, fiction and nonfiction each came with $150,000, making them among the richest literary prizes in the world.
The awards reflect the philosophy governing the Lannan Foundation, a family foundation established by J. Patrick Lannan, Sr. in 1960. It describes itself as "dedicated to cultural freedom, diversity and creativity through projects which support exceptional contemporary artists and writers, as well as inspired Native activists in rural indigenous communities."
Awards have been made to acclaimed and varied literary figures such as David Foster Wallace, William Gaddis, Lydia Davis, William H. Gass, Steve Erickson and W. S. Merwin. The foundation has also recognized people known as much for their public intellectual activities as for their literary talents, such as Barbara Ehrenreich and Edward Said.
The foundation also gives a "Cultural Freedom Prize" for the stated purpose of recognizing "people whose extraordinary and courageous work celebrates the human right to freedom of imagination, inquiry, and expression." Prize winners include Claudia Andujar, Helen Caldicott, Julián Cardona, Elouise P. Cobell, Mahmoud Darwish, Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz, Robert Fisk, Eduardo Galeano, Arundhati Roy, Bryan Stevenson and Cornel West.
The foundation does not accept applications for awards or fellowships. Candidates are suggested anonymously "by a network of writers, literary scholars, publishers, and editors," with the foundation's literary committee making the final determination.
The foundation also "provides financial assistance to tribes and nonprofits that serve Native American communities..." For instance, it gave more than $7 million in grants to the Blackfeet Reservation Development Fund from 1998 to 2009, to support litigation on behalf of Native Americans with interests in trust lands. This nonprofit was created by Elouise P. Cobell and her legal team to bring claims against the United States for mismanaging lands held in trust for Native Americans. The Cobell v. Salazar case was filed in 1996 and settled in 2009.
Lannan Literary Award for Poetry
1989: Peter Levitt
1989: George Evans
1989: Cid Corman
1990: Seamus Heaney
1990: Derek Mahon
1991: Pattiann Rogers
1991: William Bronk
1991: Chrystos
1991: William Bronk
1992: Luis J. Rodriguez
1992: Susan Mitchell
1992: Suzanne Gardinier
1992: Killarney Clary
1992: Thomas Centolella
1992: A. R. Ammons
1993: Benjamin Alire Sáenz
1993: Denise Levertov
1993: Cyrus Cassells
1994: Richard Kenney
1994: Jack Gilbert
1994: Linda Hogan
1994: Eavan Boland
1994: Simon Armitage
1995: Li-Young Lee
1995: Arthur Sze
1995: Carol Ann Duffy
1995: Hayden Carruth
1996: Donald Justice
1996: William Trevor
1996: Lucille Clifton
1996: Anne Carson
1997: Ken Smith
1998: Mary Oliver
1998: Jon Davis
1998: Frank Bidart
1999: Louise Glück
1999: C. D. Wright
1999: Dennis O'Driscoll
2000: Jay Wright
2000: Herbert Morris
2002: Peter Dale Scott
2002: Alan Dugan
2004: Peter Reading
2005: Pattiann Rogers
2006: Bruce Weigl
2008: August Kleinzahler
2012: Dennis O'Driscoll
2014: Claudia Rankine
2015: A. Van Jordan
2016: Tyehimba Jess
2017: Shane McCrae
2019: Evie Shockley
2020: Carolyn Forché
Lannan Literary Award for Fiction
1989: John Berger
1990: John Hawkes
1991: John Edgar Wideman
1991: Alexander Theroux
1991: Sandra Cisneros
1992: Gilbert Sorrentino
1992: Frank Chin
1993: Paul West
1993: Carole Maso
1993: Denis Johnson
1993: Rikki Ducornet
1994: Stephen Wright
1994: Caryl Phillips
1994: Steven Millhauser
1994: Edward P. Jones
1995: Alice Munro
1995: Mary Morrissy
1995: Louis de Bernières
1996: David Foster Wallace
1996: Tim Pears
1996: Howard Norman
1997: Grace Paley
1997: Anne Michaels
1997: John Banville
1998: Lois-Ann Yamanaka
1998: Stuart Dybek
1998: Lydia Davis
1998: J. M. Coetzee
1999: Joanna Scott
1999: Richard Powers
1999: Jamaica Kincaid
1999: Gish Jen
2000: Leslie Marmon Silko
2000: Cynthia Ozick
2000: David Malouf
2000: Robert Coover
2003: John McGahern
2003: Alistair MacLeod
2003: Edward P. Jones
2004: Rikki Ducornet
2006: Kathryn Davis
2007: Susan Straight
2007: A. L. Kennedy
2016: John Keene
2016: Kevin Barry
2021: Deborah Levy
2021: Rabih Alameddine
Lannan Literary Award for Nonfiction
1989: Wendell Berry
1990: Barry Lopez
1991: Christopher Hitchens
1992: Noam Chomsky
1993: Terry Tempest Williams
1993: Edward Hoagland
1994: Jonathan Kozol
1995: Richard K. Nelson
1995: Scott Russell Sanders
1996: Charles Bowden
1996: David Abram
1997: David Quammen
1998: Howard Zinn
1998: Lawrence Weschler
1998: Chet Raymo
1999: Gary Paul Nabhan
1999: Jared Diamond
2000: Carl Safina
2000: Bill McKibben
2001: Barbara Ehrenreich
2002: Lewis Hyde
2002: Wade Davis
2003: Rebecca Solnit
2004: Luís Alberto Urrea
2005: David G. Campbell
2005: Adam Hochschild
2006: Tim Flannery
2007: Mike Davis
2019: Nick Estes
Lannan Literary Award for An Especially Notable Book
2005: The New American Militarism: How Americans are Seduced by War, by Andrew J. Bacevich
2008: Democracy Incorporated: Managed Democracy and the Specter of Inverted Totalitarianism, by Sheldon Wolin
2008: Living with Darwin: Evolution, Design, and the Future of Faith, by Philip Kitcher
2008: Black Mass: Apocalyptic Religion and the Death of Utopia, by John N. Gray
2014: Goliath: Life and Loathing in Greater Israel, by Max Blumenthal
2016: From #BlackLivesMatter to Black Liberation, by Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor
2017: Democracy in Chains: The Deep History of the Radical Right's Stealth Plan for America, by Nancy MacLean
Lannan Literary Fellowship
1991: Pattiann Rogers
1993: William Everson
2001: George Saunders
2001: Lorrie Moore
2001: David Wong Louie
2001: Deborah Levy
2001: Barbara Ehrenreich
2002: Rubén Martínez
2002: Lewis Hyde
2002: David James Duncan
2002: Ahdaf Soueif
2002: Naomi Shihab Nye
2002: James Alan McPherson
2002: James Galvin
2002: Ann Cummins
2003: Mary Rakow
2003: Chris Offutt
2003: Linda Gregg
2003: George Evans
2003: Deborah Eisenberg
2003: Chris Abani
2004: Rebecca Seiferle
2004: Micheline Aharonian Marcom
2004: Mavis Gallant
2004: Thomas Frank
2004: Edwidge Danticat
2005: Freeman House
2005: Judy Budnitz
2005: Nadeem Aslam
2006: Frank X Walker
2006: Brian Turner
2006: Peter Orner
2006: Charles C. Mann
2006: Elizabeth Kolbert
2006: Chris Hedges
2007: Jeremy Scahill
2007: Sinéad Morrissey
2007: Dinaw Mengestu
2007: Edie Meidav
2007: Daniel Alarcón
2007: Paula Gunn Allen
2008: Glenn Patterson
2008: Ilya Kaminsky
2008: Katie Ford
2008: Charles D'Ambrosio
2009: Valzhyna Mort
2009: Sarah Lindsay
2010: Michael McGriff
2010: C. E. Morgan
2011: Atsuro Riley
2011: Sherwin Bitsui
2012: Kate Moses
2012: Natalie Diaz
2013: Andrew N. Rubin
2014: Jill McDonough
2014: Jamaal May
2014: Adrian Matejka
2014: Mitchell S. Jackson
2015: Layli Long Soldier
2015: Mark Nowak
2015: Philip Metres
2015: Sara Baume
2016: Ocean Vuong
2016: Solmaz Sharif
2016: Craig Santos Perez
2016: Don Mee Choi
2018: Doireann Ní Ghríofa
2018: Jacob Shores-Argüello
2018: Claire Vaye Watkins
2019: Nick Estes
2019: Caitriona Lally
2019: Wayétu Moore
2020: Hanif Abdurraqib
2020: Rigoberto González
2020: Isabella Hammad
2020: Nguyên Phan Quê Mai
2020: Novuyo Rosa Tshuma
Lannan Lifetime Achievement Award
1989: Kay Boyle
1993: William Gaddis
1996: R. S. Thomas
1997: William H. Gass
1998: John Barth
1999: Adrienne Rich
2000: Evan S. Connell
2001: Edward Said
2001: Robert Creeley
2002: Peter Matthiessen
2002: John Berger
2004: W. S. Merwin
2006: Gilbert Sorrentino
2007: Anne Stevenson
2014: Joseph Stroud
2014: Steve Erickson
2018: John Edgar Wideman
2021: Yusef Komunyakaa
See also
American literature
American poetry
List of poetry awards
List of literary awards
List of years in poetry
List of years in literature
Notes
External links
Lannan Foundation, official web site.
Lannan Literary Awards and Fellowships
American poetry awards
American fiction awards
American non-fiction literary awards
Awards established in 1989
Literary awards honoring writers
Literary awards honoring lifetime achievement
Clarence C. Hoffman (born August 7, 1933) served in the Iowa House of Representatives 1998–2008, most recently from the 55th District.
In his final Iowa House term, Mr. Hoffman served on the Commerce committee; the Local Government committee, the Economic Growth committee, where he was the ranking member, and on the Economic Development Appropriations Subcommittee.
Hoffman was re-elected in 2006 with 6,297 votes, running unopposed.
Early life and education
Hoffman was born and raised in Leola, South Dakota. He graduated from Leola High School and obtained his BS from South Dakota State University.
Career
Outside from his political career, Hoffman is an insurance agent.
Organizations
Hoffman is a member of the following organizations:
St. John's Lutheran Church
Independent Insurance Agents of Iowa
Crawford County Development Committee
County Risk Management Services
Family
Hoffman is married to his wife Lynn and together they have two children. He and his wife live in Charter Oak, Iowa.
References
External links
Hoffman's Iowa House Web Address
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
Living people
1933 births
Iowa Republicans
South Dakota State University alumni
People from McPherson County, South Dakota
People from Crawford County, Iowa
Josef Ziltener (born 1 September 1931) is a Swiss former sports shooter. He competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1931 births
Possibly living people
Swiss male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Switzerland
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Lucerne
Doctors to Be is a biographical documentary series that was first broadcast on BBC Two by BBC Television and is also the name of a book, published by BBC Books, that accompanies the series. The television series follows 10 medical students who enrolled at St Mary's Hospital Medical School (now a part of Imperial College School of Medicine) in the 1985 intake of students. It starts in 1984 with their admission interviews, then follows them through five or six years as medical students, and ends with their first experiences of working as busy junior hospital doctors in the National Health Service.
The BBC decided to make the series in 1983 and the BBC contacted several medical schools. The BBC selected St Mary's Hospital Medical School, London, England, partly because the dean, Prof Peter Richards, was enthusiastic about filming and thought that medical education was of public interest. Filming began in November 1984 when applicants were applying for university and going to interviews for the 1985 intake at St Mary's Hospital Medical School. St Mary's Medical School interviewed 419 applicants and 100 of these interviews were filmed. In the autumn of 1985, when studies had started, every student in the year was asked if they wanted to take part in the television series, and 10 students, who were thought to be outgoing and resilient to the pressures of filming, were chosen by the BBC. Each of the 10 medical students was filmed regularly and about 300 hours of film accumulated in total.
The series was one of the nominations for the best factual series at the 1992 British Academy Television Awards, although it did not win an award. An update, Doctors to Be: 20 Years On, was first broadcast on BBC Four in 2007.
Participating medical students
The series focused on 10 medical students who enrolled at St Mary's Hospital Medical School, London in the 1985 intake:
Dong Ching Chiu – A foreign student of Chinese origin from Sarawak, Malaysia. She moved to England aged 15 years to do her O levels and then A-levels at a boarding school, and she was aged 19 years at the time of her interview.
David Copping –
Mark George –
Jane Gilbert –
Will Liddell – A postgraduate, who attended admission interviews at age 26 years
Sarah Martindale –
Jane Morris –
Fey Probst – Married at age 18 years, she was a mother of four before she became a medical student at age 26 years.
John Shephard – A mature applicant of 28 years. He left school at age 16 years to join the Royal Fleet Auxiliary and married at the age of 20. He resigned his job in 1984 to start a one-year A-level course at a local college.
Ese Stacey – She is in private practice, primarily in sports medicine.
References
Cited texts
BBC television documentaries
BBC Books books
1992 British television series debuts
1992 British television series endings
1990s British documentary television series
1990s British television miniseries
1990s British medical television series
English-language television shows
Horizon (British TV series)
Ramsey Faragher is the Founder, President, and CTO of Focal Point Positioning Ltd, and the Chairman and President of Focal Point Positioning Inc. He is also a Bye-Fellow of Queens' College and lives in Cambridge with his wife and three children. Previously he was a Senior Research Associate at the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory in England, working in the Digital Technology Group on infrastructure-free smartphone positioning.
Education
Faragher graduated with a Bachelor of Arts, and Master of Science degrees in Experimental and Theoretical Physics from the University of Cambridge in 2004. In 2008 he was awarded a PhD, supervised by Peter Duffett Smith with a thesis on the Effects of Multipath Interference on Radio Positioning Systems.
Industry
On completing his PhD, Faragher worked for BAE systems where he was a Technical Lead for much navigation, tracking and sensor fusion programmes, building on expertise in GPS-Denied navigation using novel methods including opportunistic radio signals. He also developed the award-winning NAVSOP positioning suite. In 2014 Faragher was awarded a Fellowship by the Royal Institute of Navigation in recognition of his accomplishments.
His work in industry was also recognised by Top Gear, who described Faragher as a real-life Q. In 2020 Faragher was named by Wired magazine as one of 32 innovators who are building a better future.
Faragher founded Focal Point Positioning in 2015 with members of the original NAVSOP team. In June 2020 Focal Point Positioning was awarded both The Duke of Edinburgh's Navigation Award for Outstanding Technical Achievement from the Royal Institute of Navigation, and the Hottest SpaceTech Startup in Europe accolade from the Europas.
References
External links
Ramsey Faragher's home page at the Computer Laboratory
Focal Point Positioning
Computer Laboratory
Queens' College
Living people
Alumni of Churchill College, Cambridge
Fellows of Queens' College, Cambridge
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Members of the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory
1981 births
Feed Viewer is a news aggregator application for PCs and mobile devices running Windows. It presents online sources for the user in unified layout. Feed Viewer was first released in 2006.
History
The app Feed Viewer was initially launched in April, 2006, designed as a Windows Vista gadget. It was written in C# for .NET runtime allowing running on Windows XP. It won journalist award for desktop application and ranked among the best RSS readers of Živě.cz journal. In February, 2012, the Windows Phone version was released. It was primarily designed for mobile devices without mobile internet access. In 2010 started development of the online indexing service allowing feed aggregation in the cloud. In January, 2013, the version for Windows 8 was released followed by a new Windows Phone version featuring clutter free user experience. Both of them were connected to the cloud-based RSS aggregation service. Versions for Windows 10, both desktop and mobile, were introduced shortly after the release of these operating systems.
User interface
The application's user interface is designed for visual overview of the news, allowing browsing a large amount of content quickly. It strictly follows guidelines for Windows Runtime apps.
See also
Comparison of feed aggregators
References
External links
News aggregators
Universal Windows Platform apps
Harden Bennion (October 7, 1862 – October 12, 1936) was the Secretary of State of Utah from 1916 to 1920. He also served in the Utah State Senate and as chairman of the Utah Democratic Party.
Bennion was born in Taylorsville, Utah Territory. At age six he moved with his parents to present-day West Point, Nevada a small community in the Muddy River Valley where they had been called to settle by the LDS Church. For five years they were involved in raising sheep and cattle at that location, and then when Bennion was about 13 he moved back to Taylorsville with the rest of his family. At age fourteen he was involved in a major cattle run from Nevada to Rush Valley, Utah along with his father. In 1876 the Bennion family moved to Vernon in Tooele County, Utah.
In 1878 Bennion began studying at the University of Deseret (now the University of Utah) from which he received a certificate as a teacher after one year. However, for the next seven years Bennion was involved in sheep herding and farming in Vernon.
He later worked for George M. Cannon who was the Salt Lake County recorder. After leaving employment there in 1893 Bennion married Vilate Kimball Nebeker, the daughter of George Nebeker.
Bennion then moved to Vernal, Utah in 1893, where his brother Samuel R. Bennion was the stake president. He served as manager of the Ashley Cooperative Mercantile Institution in Vernal and was involved in organizing the Bank of Vernal. Bennion also served as a member of the Board of Tuustees of the town of Vernal and town clerk. Vernal then became a city and Bennion was elected a member of the city council. He also held the position of postmaster in Vernal. In the LDS Church Bennion served in the YMMIA presidency in the Vernal Ward and then as a counselor in the bishopric of that ward.
In 1898 Bennion was elected to the State Senate, representing Uintah County, Utah, Grand County, Utah, San Juan County, Utah, Emery County, Utah and Carbon County, Utah. Since Daggett County, Utah did not yet exist and was still in the boundaries of Uintah County it was also part of Bennion's district. Bennion was re-elected to the state senate in 1902 and so continued in that position through the end of 1906.
In 1906 Bennion became a member of the Uintah stake (based in Vernal) high council. Shortly after that he became a counselor in the Uintah Stake presidency. Shortly after that in 1908 in business affairs Bennion began to work full-time as a rancher.
However, in 1909 Governor William Spry appointed Bennion to the Utah State Board of equalization. For the next eight years he served in either that position or as a member of the Utah Commission on Taxation and Revenue. With his new appointment in 1909 Bennion moved to Salt Lake City and was released from the Uintah Stake presidency and called as a member of the Salt Lake Stake High Council. From 1914 to 1916 Bennion served as stake clerk of the Duchesne Stake, based in Roosevelt, Utah.
In 1916 Bennion was elected Secretary of State of Utah. He then was involved with irrigation boards and worked with Joseph R. Murdock to found the Wasatch Livestock Loan Company.
In 1924 Bennion became head of the Utah Democratic Party and in that position successfully oversaw the election of George H. Dern as governor. From 1925 to 1933 Bennion was Utah Commissioner of Agriculture. From 1923 to 1929 Bennion also served as a counselor in the Salt Lake Stake presidency.
Bennion and his wife Vilate had five daughters, four of whom lived to adulthood.
Notes
Sources
1862 births
1939 deaths
American leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
People from Clark County, Nevada
People from Taylorsville, Utah
People from Tooele County, Utah
People from Vernal, Utah
State political party chairs of Utah
University of Utah alumni
Utah Democrats
Utah state senators
Latter Day Saints from Nevada
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Secretaries of State of Utah
Utah postmasters
Utah city council members
Simiutaq, old spelling Simiutak, is an uninhabited island in the Kujalleq municipality in southwestern Greenland. During the Second World War and after Simiutak was the site of a U.S. Navy facility code-named 'Bluie West 3'.
Geography
Simiutaq is located south of the mouth of the Ikersuaq fjord in the Julianehab Bay, Labrador Sea, North Atlantic Ocean, near Qaqortoq.
Its name is a generic Inuit name for an island at the head of a fjord. It should not be confused with another Simiutak (aka 'Cruncher Island') in western Greenland that served as a support station for Sondrestrom Air Base, and known as 'Bluie West 9'.
Radio station
The station at Simiutak Island, commonly referred to as Bluie West 3 (BW-3) during the time of American operation, was a major wartime radio communications and meteorological facility on the southwest coast of Greenland, marking the entrance to the fjords that led to Narsarsuaq and Julianehaab. The U.S. Army facility was operational long into the post-war era. Four miles east from Simiutak was the U.S. Navy station Gamatron, which was abandoned after the war.
Foundation
The U.S. Coast Guard searched for a suitable site for a radio direction finding (RDF) site in the Julianehaab area in July 1941, to serve as an auxiliary for sea traffic and anticipated air traffic associated with the BW-1 base which began construction that month. Coast Guard documents show the ship Algonquin arriving from Boston with a radio beacon for Site A (Gamatron) in November. The cutter North Star searched for a construction site and transported men and equipment there. Construction of Gamatron and Simiutak was carried out simultaneously in November and December 1941 and expanded as needed thereafter. On 13 December, USCGC North Star left having erected supplies and temporary housing. USCGC Raritan supported the construction of nearby BW-3.
Operation
Gamatron was in partial operation from 10 January 1942 and in full operation from 30 March. On 15 August BW-3 was declared in full operation and simultaneously, nearby aircraft guard station "C" (ship) was abandoned.
Cruncher Island (BW-9) was built June - August 1942. On 4 September the Light and Radio Beacon were declared operational.
BW-3 became an essential navigation aid for ships and aircraft. A non-directional beacon (NDB) was situated there to provide a coastal fix for aircraft attempting the BW-1 approach. A weather station reported aviation weather. A high frequency (HF) communications site was set up to communicate with aircraft over a wide area. Gamatron was listed as having a camp for one officer and forty enlisted men.
After the United States Air Force left BW-3, agencies of the Danish government took over and operated the site for many years. While there is no native population close by, the site was frequently visited by vessels transiting the area.
In 1945, the U.S. State Department defined the Simiutak Defense Area as the entire island of Simiutak situated at the mouth of Skovfjord at approx. 6041N and 4634W and the adjacent waters for a distance of one mile for the shore line. The nearby naval facility of Gamatron was defined similarly as the unnamed (Gamatron) Island lying south of Hollaender Island at approx. 6040N and 4626W and the islands and waters adjacent thereto for a distance of one mile from the shoreline. BW-9 was defined as 66N to 6607N and 5325W to 5348W.
See also
List of islands of Greenland
References
Uninhabited islands of Greenland
Greenland in World War II
David Morrill is a New Hampshire politician.
Education
Morrill earned a B.S. from Keene State College in graphic design and earned an M.B.A. from Antioch University New England.
Career
On November 6, 2018, Morrill was elected to the New Hampshire House of Representatives where he represents the Cheshire 4 district. Morrill assumed office on December 5, 2018. Morrill is a Democrat.
Personal life
Morrill resides in Keene, New Hampshire.
References
Living people
New Hampshire Democrats
People from Keene, New Hampshire
Keene State College alumni
Antioch University New England alumni
Members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Bob Dylan's Blues" is a song written and performed by the American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, that was first released as the fifth track on his 1963 album, The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan.
Recording sessions
"Bob Dylan's Blues" was recorded on July 9, 1962, during the third Freewheelin''' session. Dylan recorded several new compositions that day, including "Blowin' in the Wind", a song he had already performed live but had yet to record in the studio. Other tracks recorded during the session included "Down the Highway," and "Honey, Just Allow Me One More Chance". Master takes of the four songs were selected and set aside for the final album.
Dylan later recorded the song as a demo for his music publisher, M. Witmark & Sons. This version, taped in April 1963 at Witmark's studio, was officially released in October 2010 on The Bootleg Series Vol. 9 – The Witmark Demos: 1962–1964''.
References
External links
Lyrics at Bob Dylan's official website
1963 songs
Songs written by Bob Dylan
Bob Dylan songs
American folk rock songs
Blues rock songs
Bryan Cullen (born 7 April 1984) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a left wing-forward at senior level for the Dublin county team. Cullen announced his retirement on 9 January 2015. He stated 'I would like to extend my sincere thanks to Dublin managers Tommy Lyons, Pillar Caffrey, Pat Gilroy and Jim Gavin and especially to all the Dublin players past and present that I had the pleasure of sharing the pitch with.'
Cullen made his first appearance for the team during the 2003 championship and has become a regular player over the last few seasons. During that time he has won two All-Ireland winner's medals and six Leinster winner's medals. In 2011 Cullen captained the team to the All-Ireland title, beating Kerry in the final.
At club level, Cullen plays with Skerries Harps.
Cullen is also studying for a PhD at Dublin City University.
Playing career
Inter-county
At Minor level, Cullen was part of the Dublin side that won the 2001 Leinster Minor Football Championship. With the Dublin Under 21 team, he won the Leinster Under 21 Championship three times, and the All-Ireland Under 21 Championship once. His brother Graham was also on the All-Ireland Under 21 winning team.
Cullen was called up to the Dublin Senior team in 2003, and made his League debut against Armagh in February 2003. He made his Championship debut later that year against Louth. In 2005, he won a Leinster Senior Football Championship medal with Dublin; defeating Laois in the final, with Cullen scoring three points. He scored eight points in total in that year's Leinster and All-Ireland Championships.
Cullen was cited after the controversial 2006 National League clash between Dublin and Tyrone. A game in which resulted in disciplinary action being taken against nine players involved in the game. Cullen was suspended for four weeks in accordance with Rules 140 and 138, which deals with physical contact. Cullen along with Dublin's Ciarán Whelan, Alan Brogan and Kevin Bonner were all exonerated from all charges along with the Tyrone trio of Kevin Hughes, Michael McGee and Owen Mulligan. The official reason given for the exoneration was stated as 'a technicality'. Owing to the regular Dublin captain Collie Moran's prolonged injury, Cullen captained Dublin to victory against Laois in the 2006 Leinster semi-final. He also captained the team for most of the 2006 Leinster final, although Moran made his long-awaited return to the Dublin team in time to deliver the winning speech. Dublins two captains stood shoulder to shoulder holding the Delaney Cup after an easy win over Offaly in the match. Cullen continued to captain Dublin against Westmeath in the All-Ireland quarter-final and Mayo in the semi-final despite Moran's return to fitness. Cullen was nominated for an Star award in the half-back line for his 2006 performances. He missed out on the Star, but was named half-back on the 2006 GPA Team of the Year.
Cullen came on as a substitute in the 2007 O'Byrne Cup final against Laois at O'Connor Park in Offaly. Dublin won the game 1-18 to 2-13. The 2007 National League saw Dublin being relegated to Division 2. In that year's Championship, Dublin won the Leinster Championship again, before being knocked out of the All-Ireland Championship be Kerry at the semi-final stage.
Cullen was on Dublin's 2008 O'Byrne Cup winning team - defeating Longford in the final. Later in the year, he won a fourth consecutive Leinster Championship medal with the county, before being beaten by Tyrone in the All-Ireland quarter-final stage.
Cullen guided Dublin to victory as captain in their opening match of the 2011 Leinster Senior Football Championship against Laois. He scored a point in the game in what proved to be a facile win of 1-16 to 0-11 at Croke Park. Dublin advanced to face Kildare in the semi final of the Leinster championship. Dublin became won against the lilywhites with a controversial free in the dying minutes of the game. Cullen scored a point in the game and continued his unbeaten run in the championship as team captain in a game that finished on the scoreline 1-12 to 1-11. Cullen continued his trend of a point a game against Wexford in the Leinster final. Dublin won the 2011 Leinster senior football championship with a disappointing performance against a strong Wexford side. The game finished with James McCarthy's goal proving the difference between the sides. The game finished 2-12 to 1-12.
In a repeat of the previous years quarter final, Dublin were drawn against Tyrone. Unlike last year, Dublin pulled off a hugely convincing victory over Tyrone with Diarmuid Connolly dominating the scoring and Cullen continuing his trend of a point a game. Dublin won the game by a margin of seven points with the Croke park clash ending 0-22 to 0-15. Dublin progressed to the semi final against a very defensive Donegal side. Cullen scored again and Dublin won the game in a low-scoring affair ending sixteen years of absence from the all-Ireland final. The semi final against Donegal finished 0-08 to 0-06 and was a game that led to a final against a much fancied Kerry team. Cullen captained Dublin to all-Ireland victory at a packed Croke Park. With seven minutes remaining, Kerry were leading by four points and a victory looked all but certain for the Kingdom. Once substitute Kevin McManamon scored a goal for Dublin, it was clear that Dublin were not beaten. In the dying minutes of the game, goalkeeper Stephen Cluxton kicked a free over the bar to give Dublin a dramatic victory against a stunned Kerry side. The game finished 1-12 to 1-11 giving Cullen the honour of being the first Dubliner to lift the Sam Maguire cup since 1995.
Two years later, goalkeeper Stephen Cluxton succeeded Cullen as Dublin captain in 2013.
International Rules
Cullen has represented Ireland in the International Rules Series in 2004, 2005 and 2008 which Ireland won in 2004 and 2005. He was not selected for the team that lost to Australia in 2010.
Province
Cullen has played for Leinster in the Railway Cup.
School / college
Cullen was captain of DCU when they won the Sigerson Cup for the first time ever in 2006. In doing so, Cullen became the first Dublin player to captain a Sigerson winning team. Cullen won his second Sigerson Cup medal in 2010 when DCU defeated UCC in the final.
Honours
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship (2): 2011, 2013
Leinster Senior Football Championship (9): 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011 (c), 2012 (c), 2013, 2014
National Football League (2): 2013, 2014
All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship (1): 2003
Leinster Under-21 Football Championship (3): 2002, 2003, 2005
Sigerson Cup (2): 2006, 2010
Dublin Intermediate Football Championship (1): 2011
Leinster Minor Football Championship (1): 2001
International Rules (1): 2008
Coaching career
Leinster Rugby
After the 2011 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final, Cullen was offered the role of coaching Leinster Rugby's academy players.
Personal life
Cullen married to Cork native, Ailis McSweeney in January 2013, who is the current holder of the Irish record for the 100m sprint.
References
External links
cul4kidz profile
Skerry Harps website
Official Dublin website
Kevin Hughes Article On Suspension of Dublin and Tyrone Players (2006)
1984 births
Living people
Alumni of Dublin City University
DCU Gaelic footballers
Dublin inter-county Gaelic footballers
Irish international rules football players
People from Skerries, Dublin
Skerry Harps Gaelic footballers
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
The uIP is an open-source implementation of the TCP/IP network protocol stack intended for use with tiny 8- and 16-bit microcontrollers. It was initially developed by Adam Dunkels of the Networked Embedded Systems group at the Swedish Institute of Computer Science, licensed under a BSD style license, and further developed by a wide group of developers.
uIP can be very useful in embedded systems because it requires very small amounts of code and RAM. It has been ported to several platforms, including DSP platforms.
In October 2008, Cisco, Atmel, and SICS announced a fully compliant IPv6 extension to uIP, called uIPv6.
Implementation
uIP makes many unusual design choices in order to reduce the resources it requires. uIP's native software interface is designed for small computer systems with no operating system. It can be called in a timed loop, and the call manages all the retries and other network behavior. The hardware driver is called after uIP is called. uIP builds the packet, and then the driver sends it, and optionally receives a response.
It is normal for IP protocol stack software to keep many copies of different IP packets, for transmission, reception and to keep copies in case they need to be resent. uIP is economical in its use of memory because it uses only one packet buffer. First, it uses the packet buffer in a half-duplex way, using it in turn for transmission and reception. Also, when uIP needs to retransmit a packet, it calls the application code in a way that requests for the previous data to be reproduced.
Another oddity is how uIP manages connections. Most IP implementations have one task per connection, and the task communicates with a task in a distant computer on the other end of the connection. In uIP, no multitasking operating system is assumed. Connections are held in an array. On each call, uIP tries to serve a connection, making a subroutine call to application code that responds to, or sends data. The size of the connection array is a number that can be adjusted when uIP is recompiled.
uIP is fully compliant with the RFCs that define TCP, UDP and IP. It also implements the mandatory maintenance protocol ICMP.
Versions
uIP 0.9 is the version with the least dependence on operating systems, the smallest resource use, and the only version that presents a pure event loop API, but in its original form does not support IP version 6, only the older, more common IPv4. It may be used in embedded systems with very small amounts of resources.
It was delivered with a set of examples of higher-level protocols that also run on an event loop system, including HTTP (a simple web server), SMTP (simple mail transmission protocol), FTP (file transfer protocol), telnet (terminal emulation), and others. Despite the examples and its small size, uIP 0.9 can be difficult to apply because it does not use any form of socket API.
uIP is widely used code with well-known weaknesses. The design minimizes and separates 32-bit arithmetic so that it can be adjusted or optimized for 8 and 16-bit CPUs. Also, 16-bit software timers (common on small microcontrollers) can overflow and cause defective operation. This can be fixed with a timer system that does not overflow (e.g. the timers count down or use modular arithmetic).
Another issue is that its single packet buffer can have substantial throughput problems because a PC host usually delays the "ACK" packet, waiting for more packets. In slow, serial port implementations, the ack-throughput can be fixed by modifying uIP to send every packet as two half-packet fragments. uIP systems with fast ethernet or WiFi can modify the hardware driver to send every packet twice.
Some PCs do not correctly respond to a fast uIP system on a local ethernet, because the uIP system can start a responding packet before the PC is ready to receive it. The solution is to call the uIP system less frequently in the main loop (Windows PCs are designed for a response time of about 1 millisecond). Typical implementations of uIP have a fixed IP address, which can make them impractical in real networks, although some have implemented DHCP.
Later versions of uIP, including the reference version of uIPv6, are integrated with Contiki, an operating system that uses coroutines for cooperative multitasking. Contiki provides the multitasking needed by a simplified socket API, simplifying the use of uIP. These versions may be less popular than 0.9 however. Many examples of embedded code do not use them.
See also
Internet Engineering Task Force
List of TCP and UDP port numbers
lwIP –another TCP/IP stack project (also created by Dunkels), but more fully-featured and aimed at more capable hardware
References
External links
uIP source
uIP port for AVR microcontrollers
uIP-based Webserver using OpenRISC-embedded SoC
Embedded systems
Free network-related software
Software using the BSD license
Anerneq is a Native American mythological figure of the Alaska Natives people. It is the part of the soul which departs the body to go to the underworld after death. It is distinct from the Tarneq, the opposite aspect of the soul.
References
Alaska Native culture
Czyż () is a surname of Polish language origin, meaning "siskin". Surnames of similar derivations include Czyżewski and Czyżowicz. The Czech/Slovak equivalent is Číž and the Belarusian form is Chyzh.
The surname may refer to:
Bobby Czyz (born 1962), American boxer
Henryk Czyż (1923–2003), Polish musician
Olek Czyż (born 1990), Polish basketball player
Przemysław Czyż (born 1972), Polish diplomat
Szymon Czyż (born 2001), Polish footballer
Tom Czyz, American detective
Vincent Czyz, American avant-garde fiction writer
Wojtek Czyz (born 1980), German Paralympic track and field athlete
Lejzor Czyż, the birth name of Leonard Chess (1917–1969), American record company executive
Fiszel Czyż, the birth name of Phil Chess (1921–2016), American record company executive
See also
Chyzh, Belarusian surname
Čížek, Czech surname
Polish-language surnames
Alan Arnold Diamonstein (August 20, 1931 – October 17, 2019) was an American attorney and Democratic Party politician.
Diamonstein served in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1968 to 2002, representing parts of Newport News. Diamonstein chose not to run for reelection in 2001, seeking instead the Democratic nomination for lieutenant governor. He came in second to Richmond mayor Tim Kaine, who would go on to win in the general election. Diamonstein was the chair of the Democratic Party of Virginia from 1982 to 1985.
References
External links
1931 births
2019 deaths
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
Jewish American state legislators in Virginia
Virginia Democrats
Virginia lawyers
Military personnel from Virginia
University of Virginia alumni
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
Politicians from Newport News, Virginia
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American Jews
John Mulroy (born 27 December 1989) is an Irish footballer.
He played for Bray Wanderers and Athlone Town. He scored in the semi-final of the 2009 FAI Cup. He was Bray's youngest ever player to score in a first-team match.
References
1989 births
Living people
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Bray Wanderers F.C. players
Athlone Town A.F.C. players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Mike Miello is a former American football coach. He served as head football coach at William Paterson University in Wayne Township, New Jersey from 2005 to 2007, compiling a record of 11–19. After leaving William Paterson, he returned to Hackensack High School before retiring from coaching in 2011.
Head coaching record
College
References
External links
William Paterson profile
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Columbia Lions football coaches
Rhode Island Rams football coaches
Rhode Island Rams football players
Rutgers Scarlet Knights football coaches
Seton Hall University alumni
William Paterson Pioneers football coaches
High school football coaches in New Jersey
American football tight ends
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 12 is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in November, 1986.
Summary
The book collects eleven novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors, originally published in 1985 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented, together with an introduction by the editor. It includes Ellison's Locus Poll Award winning story "Paladin of the Lost Hour."
Contents
"Introduction" (Arthur W. Saha)
"Unferno" (George Alec Effinger)
"Dinner in Audoghast" (Bruce Sterling)
"Fortunes of a Fool" (Nicholas V. Yermakov)
"Preliminary Notes on the Jang" (Lisa Goldstein)
"The Red House" (Robert R. McCammon)
"Flight" (Peter Dickinson)
"The Castle at World's End" (Chris Naylor)
"The Persistence of Memory" (Gael Baudino)
"The Face in the Cloth" (Jane Yolen)
"The Last Dragon Master" (A. A. Attanasio)
"Paladin of the Lost Hour" (Harlan Ellison)
Notes
1986 anthologies
Fantasy anthologies
Books illustrated by Julek Heller
DAW Books books
Siparuna lozaniana is an evergreen dioecious shrub which usually grows to 8 m in height (exceptionally to 16 m). It is found in wet montane forest habitats in central Colombia. It can be distinguished from Colombian congeners such as Siparuna calantha and Siparuna petiolaris by the combination of leathery oblanceolate or obovate leaves and smooth rather than spiny fruits.
References
New species of Siparuna
Siparunaceae
Trees of Colombia
Dioecious plants
Plants described in 2000
India Becoming is a book by author Akash Kapur. The book is an account of change and transformation in modern India. It was selected by The New Yorker and The New Republic as a Best Book of 2012, and Newsweek as one of its three Must Reads on Modern India.
Brief Summary
India Becoming, by the Harvard University trained social anthropologist Akash Kapur, is an in-depth study of simple average people from a nondescript town in South India, their mundane life and their struggle to survive the vicissitudes of the burgeoning society that modernization has thrown their way. In this debut attempt, Kapur chose to go to such great lengths to depict the real-life stories and experiences of people that it took him five years to finish the book.
Kapur, in this critically acclaimed book, also expresses his unbiased sentiments about the outcomes rapid urbanization brings in its wake, affecting people from all social strata, both the country and the bustling metropolis, be it his rural hometown in Tamil Nadu or the chaotic cities of Bombay, Bangalore or Chennai. The real-life characters in his book successfully reflect the writer's views in graphic detail.
Born to an Indian father and American mother, Kapur's early life was spent in India. He left for US when he was 16 and started his academic years there. He came back to India in 2003 to settle down permanently. "I was coming home, but in many ways, it was to a home I didn't recognize anymore" says the one-time "Letter From India" columnist for the International Herald Tribune and The New York Times. A book of hybrid nonfiction, India Becoming presents an imagined geography of 2010s Delhi and India as experienced and created by an Indian returnee migrant author.
As Mendes and Lau argue, Kapur's text reflects "some of the enduring key themes involved in the reinvention and restoration of imagined geographies, such as assimilation vs alienation/anomie and tradition vs modernity." To quote an excerpt from his book: "Einstein once wrote of America that its people were "always becoming, never being", but it was in India now that I felt that sense of newness, of perpetual reinvention and forward momentum that I had felt when I first moved to America".
References
Books about India
Marsha Mateyka Gallery is a fine arts gallery in Washington, DC. The gallery was established in 1983 by art historian Marsha Perry Mateyka. The gallery focuses generally on national and regional contemporary artists. The gallery is located at 2012 R Street NW, Washington DC 20009.
Artists represented
As one of the oldest art galleries in the city, the gallery represents approximately 20 well-known contemporary artists, including Jae Ko, Jim Sanborn, Athena Tacha, William T. Wiley, Christopher French, Sam Gilliam, and the Estates of Gene Davis and Nathan Oliveira.
Critical reception
Exhibitions at the gallery have been widely reviewed over the years by both local newspapers such as The Washington Post, Washington City Paper, and The Washington Times, as well as by national art magazines. The gallery can also be credited with playing a pivotal part in the revival in the interest in the work of major American artist Sam Gilliam, whom the gallery has represented for several decades.
References
External links
Art museums and galleries in Washington, D.C.
Contemporary art galleries in the United States
Art galleries established in 1983
1983 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Florence Agnes Ross (6 December 1870 – 10 July 1949) was an Irish artist, cousin and friend of John Millington Synge.
Life and family
Florence Ross was born in Ulster on 6 December 1870. She was the youngest of three children of the Rev. William Steward Ross and Agnes Ross (née Traill). Very soon after Ross's birth, the family moved to 3 Orwell Park, Rathgar, Dublin to live with her maternal grandmother, Mrs Annie Traill. Mrs Traill other daughter, the widow Mrs Kathleen Synge, lived next door at 4 Orwell Park. Ross and her cousin, John Millington Synge, grew up together and were consequently very close. They shared an interest in natural history and kept a joint notebook for their observations and drawings of animals. In his autobiography, Synge wrote about his infatuation with Ross, and that his childhood with her was the happiest time in his life. They did not remain as close in adulthood, but Ross and Synge's sister were the sole attendants at his Trinity College, Dublin graduation. In 1891 Ross lived with the Synges in Dún Laoghaire following the death of her mother, spending the summers with them at Castle Kevin, Annamoe, County Wicklow, passing the time drawing. She went to live with her brother in Tonga in 1895, where he was a doctor and she worked as his housekeeper. Over the next 11 years she visited New Zealand, Australia, and Argentina, returning to Ireland in 1906. Whilst in Ireland, Ross lived in Greystones, Clonlea, at various addresses in Dublin, and finally Blackrock. She ran a sketching club near Glendalough. Ross died in the Royal City of Dublin Hospital on 10 July 1949.
Artistic work
From 1906 onwards, Ross dedicated her life to painting, primarily landscapes in watercolours. As she spent a great deal of time in County Wicklow with her cousin Elizabeth Synge, a large portion of her work is from there. She also travelled and sketched in Antrim, Donegal, Dublin, Galway, and Kerry. Whilst on Great Blasket Island, she sketched the house Synge stayed in the "King's house". She exhibited with the Watercolour Society of Ireland from 1927 to 1948, showing around 90 paintings. From 1929 and 1938 she was exhibited by the Belfast Art Society and Ulster Academy of Arts, and 8 paintings with the Royal Hibernian Academy. Her works were mostly landscapes, many including buildings. Her work has not been the subject of much critical attention. South Tipperary county museum and art gallery, Hugh Lane Gallery, and the Waterford municipal collection all have examples of her work.
References
External links
askArt entry on Ross
1949 deaths
1870 births
People from Ulster
Irish women artists
Łukasz Turzyniecki (born 25 March 1994) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Olimpia Elbląg.
Club career
In his two stints with Legia Warsaw he never appeared for the main squad in an Ekstraklasa game, but made appearances in the Polish Cup.
On 31 July 2020, he signed a two-year deal with Zagłębie Sosnowiec. On 23 May 2022, it was announced he would leave the team at the end of his contract.
On 1 July 2022, he moved to Olimpia Elbląg on a one-year deal with an extension option.
References
1994 births
People from Krasnystaw
Sportspeople from Lublin Voivodeship
Living people
Polish footballers
Association football defenders
Legia Warsaw II players
Legia Warsaw players
Wisła Puławy players
Widzew Łódź players
Zagłębie Sosnowiec players
Olimpia Elbląg players
I liga players
II liga players
III liga players
Svileuva () is a village, located in the Koceljeva municipality, in Mačva District of Serbia. It is the second biggest village in Serbia. In 2011, the population of the village was 1,464.
History
The Svileuva area was first mentioned by Roman sources from I to IV A.D. in the Sirmium district. Svileuva is a significant archaeology site from the Roman imperial period. After the Second World War, 21,000 Roman coins were discovered in one excavation.
Svileuva was an important city in the Serbian Uprisings, where the Serbs defeated an Ottoman faction.
Historical population
1948: 2,734
1953: 2,897
1961: 2,875
1971: 2,589
1981: 2,462
1991: 2,274
2002: 1,807
2011: 1,464
References
See also
List of places in Serbia
Populated places in Mačva District
Roman towns and cities in Serbia
Archaeological sites in Serbia
Brasside Pond is a Site of Special Scientific Interest just north of the city of Durham, England. The site occupies an area of former clay pits sandwiched between the River Wear to the south and Frankland Prison to the north and is split into two parts by a disused railway line.
North of the railway, adjacent to the prison, are two large ponds, the result of flooding of the old clay workings. These are one of the largest expanses of unpolluted open water, reservoirs excepted, in County Durham and are the most important breeding site for wildfowl in the county.
The portion south of the old railway is a mix of small ponds and fen, surrounded by acid grassland.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Partur Assembly constituency is one of 288 assembly constituencies of Maharashtra state of India. It comes under Parbhani (Lok Sabha constituency) for Indian general elections.
Geographical Scope
This constituency includes Partur and Mantha tehsils.
Members of Legislative Assembly
See also
2014 Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election
References
Assembly constituencies of Maharashtra
Assembly constituencies of Jalna district
Sambaza is a populated-place within the Zhob District of Balochistan, Pakistan.
References
Populated places in Balochistan, Pakistan
Zhob District
Seignories have existed in Québec from 1627 until the British conquest of New France in 1763 and continued in the British colony of the Province of Quebec (1763–1791), then in Lower Canada (1840) and in the Province of Canada until 1854.
The numbering is based on the A.E.B. Courchene map.
See also
Intendant of New France
Governor of New France
Governor of Lower Canada
Seigneurial system of New France
References
External links
Quebec-related lists
Mashhad-e Zolfabad (, also Romanized as Mashhad-e Zolfābād) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 133, in 56 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
"Veni Veni" is a single released by electro-medieval/darkwave band Helium Vola. It was released February 9, 2004 by Chrom Records.
Track listing
"Veni Veni (Club Version)" – 6:13
"Printemps" – 5:32
"Mahnung" – 3:39
"Veni Veni (Radio Edit)" – 8:37
2004 singles
2004 songs
In Greek mythology, Elephenor ( Elephḗnōr, -oros) was the king of the Abantes of Euboea.
Family
Elephenor was the son of Chalcodon by either Imenarete, Melanippe or Alcyone.
Mythology
Elephenor received the sons of Theseus of Athens, Acamas and Demophon, when they fled from the usurper Menestheus. One source states that he unwittingly killed his grandfather Abas and was expelled from Euboea; because of that, he had to assemble his troops before the Trojan expedition on a rock of the Euripus Strait opposite Euboea.
Trojan War
Elephenor was a suitor of Helen and the leader of the Euboean force of thirty or forty ships which joined the Greek expedition to Troy. On the day the truce was broken by Pandarus, he was killed by Agenor whilst trying to drag off the body of Echepolus.
The Return
On their way home, Elephonor's men were driven off course and shipwrecked off the coast of Epirus, where they founded the city of Apollonia. Alternately, Elephenor survived and settled on the island Othronos, but was soon driven out of the island by a serpent and went to Abantia in Illyria.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. ISBN 0-674-99135-4. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Gaius Julius Hyginus, Fabulae from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant. University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Homer, The Iliad with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, Ph.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1924. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Homer, Homeri Opera in five volumes. Oxford, Oxford University Press. 1920. . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Lucius Mestrius Plutarchus, Lives with an English Translation by Bernadotte Perrin. Cambridge, MA. Harvard University Press. London. William Heinemann Ltd. 1914. 1. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Achaean Leaders
Princes in Greek mythology
Kings in Greek mythology
Euboean characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
3for3 is an American Christian music trio from Nashville, Tennessee. They started making music in 2015, with their first extended play, The EP, that was released by Maxx Recordings. The songs, "Halfway" and "Keep It 100", both charted on the Billboard magazine charts.
Background
They are a Christian pop trio established in Nashville, Tennessee in 2015. The group members are Josh Davis, Spencer Lloyd, and Benji Shuler.
Music history
The trio started as a musical entity in 2015, with their first release, an extended play, The EP, that was released on July 24, 2015, by Maxx Recordings. The singles, "Halfway" and "Keep It 100", charted on the Billboard magazine Christian Airplay charts, where they peaked at Nos 40 and 29, correspondingly.
Members
Current members
Josh Davis
Spencer Lloyd
Benji Shuler
Discography
EPs
The EP (July 24, 2015, Maxx)
Singles
References
External links
Official website
American Christian musical groups
Musical groups from Nashville, Tennessee
2015 establishments in Tennessee
Musical groups established in 2015
Eli Nissan is an Israeli DJ, producer and musician based in Tel Aviv. Born in Netanya, Nissan was a guitarist and singer/songwriter for Israeli band Portrait before shifting to electronic music.
Discography
Albums
Casablanca EP [Lost Miracle Label]
CASABLANCA /
LYLA
(June 25, 2021)
The Last Poem, Lost & Found, 2019
Singles & EPs
"Karnaval", Lost & Found, 2020
"Liquid Stars" (EP), Lost & Found, 2017
References
Electronic dance music DJs
Israeli DJs
Progressive house musicians
Remixers
Is It Love? Ultra Naté Best Remixes, Vol. 1 is a compilation consisting of remixes of the singles from Ultra Naté's first album, Blue Notes in the Basement. This compilation was released on November 17, 1998.
Track listing
Is It Love? (Club Mix)
Scandal (Club Mix)
It's Over Now (Tony Humphries Mix)
Deeper Love (The Leftfield Vocal Mix)
Rejoicing (Deee-Liteful Stomp Mix)
It's Over Now (Dancin' Danny D Mix)
Rejoicing (Gospel Stomp Mix)
It's Over Now (Original Classic Mix)
External links
[ All Music: The Best Remixes, Vol. 1]
Ultra Naté albums
1999 remix albums
Warner Records remix albums
Qaleh Bala (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Bālā and Qal‘eh-ye Bālā) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 11 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
The 2003–04 Munster Rugby season was Munster's third season competing in the Celtic League, alongside which they also competed in the Heineken Cup. It was Alan Gaffney's first season as head coach.
2003–04 squad
Pre-season
2003–04 Celtic League
2003–04 Celtic Cup
Quarter-final
2003–04 Heineken Cup
Pool 5
Quarter-final
Semi-final
References
External links
2003–04 Munster Rugby season official site
2003–04
2003–04 in Irish rugby union
Angles of Repose is an album by American composer, saxophonist and clarinet player Joe Maneri with bassist Barre Phillips and violinist Mat Maneri recorded in 2002 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "this music sings. It's true the singing is balladic and dirgelike much of the time, but it is pastoral, too, and gentle and sweetly elegiac. It bears repeated listening and meets the listener readily, offering a standard-bearing effectiveness in how the poetry of collective improvisation should be realized and articulated".
Track listing
All compositions by Joe Maneri, Mat Maneri and Barre Phillips except as indicated
"Angles of Repose No. 1" – 4:44
"Angles of Repose No. 2" – 7:39
"Angles of Repose No. 3" (Joe Maneri) – 3:28
"Angles of Repose No. 4" – 10:10
"Angles of Repose No. 5" (Mat Maneri, Barre Phillips) – 6:41
"Angles of Repose No. 6" – 9:33
"Angles of Repose No. 7" – 1:08
"Angles of Repose No. 8" – 2:32
"Angles of Repose No. 9" – 15:38
"Angles of Repose No. 10" – 9:39
Recorded at the Chapelle Sainte Philomène in Puget-Ville, France in May 2002
Personnel
Joe Maneri – clarinet, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone
Barre Phillips – double bass
Mat Maneri – viola
References
2004 albums
ECM Records albums
Joe Maneri albums
The Institute for Small and Medium Industry of the Generalitat Valenciana (IMPIVA) is a public body of the Generalitat Valenciana established by the law of the Generalitat Valenciana 2 / 84 and attached to the Ministry of Economy, Industry and Commerce.
From the moment of its founding in 1984, is dedicated to promoting policies to promote innovation and to offer support to the small and medium enterprises (SMEs) industrial Valencia.
This provides support a non-profit companies and organizations that work with the SMEs in different areas such as technology and I + D, quality and environment, training and technological cooperation or development and enterprise.
Objectives and Functions IMPIVA
Promotion and protection of a network of technical services infrastructure to support the SMEs composed of:
Technological Institutes: specialized in the different industry sectors Valencia, Valencian SMEs offer a range of advanced technological services, as well as a line of research, development and innovation to improve competitiveness.
Innovative European Business Centre (BIC : non-profit associations that support and provide facilities for the creation of new businesses, or provide innovative activities in the area that are located .
Work with business associations in the development of actions to support the industry.
Collaboration with public and private entities to evolve in the areas of knowledge, research and business management.
Collaboration with the Ministry of Industry, Tourism and Trade to promote the relationship of Valencian companies with programs and services provided by the central government.
Coordination of the incursion of the entities of the Valencia to programs offered by the European Union.
The IMPIVA has resources of the European Union, provided by the European Social Fund (ESF) and European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), as set out in the Operational Programme of the Community Valencia 2007-2013.
References
External links
Valencian Community
The Jobawa (بانو جوبي) are a sub clan of the Fulani ethnic group, primarily found in the old Eastern Kano they were the First Fulani Clan to make contact with the Hausa people.
History
The Jobawa were reportedly the First Fula people to make contact with the central Sudan thus sparking the possibility of them being a Pre-Tengualla Fulani migration from the primordial Fula body. At some point during the 14th century the Jobawa emerged as a power in the East of the Sultanate of Kano and shortly afterward became the natural heirs to the Makama of Kano. ( an office they still hold to this day).
On learning the reputation of Shehu Usman dan Fodio, Malam Umaru a Fulani of Waijobe stock took his daughter Habiba to the Shehu's home at Degel in North Western Gobir and asked the Shehu to accept his daughter as a pupil, when the Shehu agreed Habiba immediately asked if he would also consent to teach her younger brother Ahmadu, who later acquired the lakabi or nick name Malam Bakatsine, the Shehu is said to have replied in Fulfulde ja ba do meaning your wish is granted, in order to honour this event the issues of Malam Umaru are called Jobawa, the Muallimawa dynasty is a Sub-clan of the Jobawa.
During the reign of Sarkin Kano Aliyu Babba he appointed Sarkin Takai Umaru Dan Maisaje as Makaman Kano, his link with the Jobawa is traced through his father's mother Habiba, the sister of Malam Bakatsine, in making the appointment the traditional requisite of being an agnatic descendant was not considered, the action resulted in a precedence being established for Jobawa descendants with paternal or maternal links to aspire to be appointed as Makaman Kano.
Jihad period
During the Fulani jihads of the 19th century the jobawa were instrumental to the pacification of the Sultanate of Kano. A switching of allegiance by Muhammadu Bakatsine, the then Makama of Kano and Magajin Jobe at the epic battle of 'Daukar Girma' turned the tide of the Kano campaigns in favour of the Fulanis. Bakatsine was later to become one of the Seven Founding fathers of the Kano Emirate ensuring for the Jobe a place in the newly founded Sokoto Caliphate.
However after the jihad, the leadership of the New Kano Emirate was given to the clan of Mundubawa under Suleman Abu Hama, but as recompense, Mandikko Ibn Bakatsine, the son of Muhammadu Bakatsine was made the first Madaki of the Kano Emirate. The Jobe also retained control of the office of Makama and much of Eastern Kano except for the Fortresses of Gaya and Birnin Kudu, making them custodians of more than two - thirds of the emirate.
Notable Jobawa
Sarkin Sumaila Dansumaila Akilu, Traditional titleholder
Makaman Kano Iliyasu, Traditional titleholder
Murtala Muhammed, related to Jobawa from his maternal side (through his mother), former Head of State.
Abdullahi Ahmed Sumaila, Traditional titleholder, related to the Jobawa through his paternal great grandfather's maternal grandmother Binta the daughter of Dansumaila Akilu.
Abdullahi Aliyu Sumaila, Bureaucrat and Politician, related to the Jobawa through his father's maternal grandmother Binta the daughter of Sarkin Sumaila Dansumaila Akilu.
Ahmed Abdullahi Aliyu Abdurrahim Sumaila, related to the Jobawa through his paternal grandfather's maternal grandmother Binta the daughter of Sarkin Sumaila Akilu, Traditional titleholder.
Aliyu Abdullahi Aliyu Sumaila, Clan Leader and Politician, related to the Jobawa through his paternal grandfather's maternal grandmother Binta the daughter of Sarkin Sumaila Akilu .
Aliyu-Talle Maiduniya Sumaila, related to Jobawa through his paternal grandfather's maternal grandmother Binta the daughter of Sarkin Sumaila Akilu
Yusuf Abdullahi Sumaila, Public Servant and Traditional titleholder, related to Jobawa through his paternal grandfather's maternal grandmother Binta the daughter of Sarkin Sumaila .
Dynasties
Muallimawa
References
History of Northern Nigeria
People from Kano
Nigerian Sunni Muslims
People from Kano State
Muslim communities in Africa
Nigerian Fula people
Fula families
Nigerian families of Fula ancestry
Nigerian families
Noble families by nationality
Nigerian noble families
Families from Kano State
People of colonial Nigeria
Society of Nigeria
Nigerian royal families
Nigerian royalty
The Monti Sibillini National Park () is an Italian national park located across the regions of Marche and Umbria, encompassing the provinces of Macerata, Fermo, Ascoli Piceno and Perugia.
It was established in 1993, and now contains more than 70,000 hectares.
References
External links
Official website
Pages by the Park Authority on Parks.it
Information on walks in the park
Monti Sibillini
Parks in Umbria
Parks in Marche
Protected areas established in 1993
Protected areas of the Apennines
Ambodivahibe Marine Reserve is a new marine protected area that was identified during a marine Rapid assessment (RAP) in the north-east of Madagascar as an unusually rich zone for marine biodiversity. A cool upwelling from the deep bay is thought to provide natural resilience to coral bleaching and this may explain the unusually pristine coral habitat.
The area also hosts nationally-important areas of mangrove and seagrass habitat as well as endangered marine species including sea turtles and dugongs
Conservation International is the protected area manager although in recent years, there has only been a skeleton staff present at the site.
The Critical Ecosystem Partnership Fund has supported a number of small-scale initiatives to continue management of marine protected area since 2015.
Graine de vie is a Belgian NGO that has developed reforestation programmes for mangrove and forest habitats.
C3 Madagascar is a local NGO that has been increasingly active in the marine protected area, particularly working closely with communities and endangered species. The NGO received substantial funding from the European Union's Ecofish programme in 2020 to develop community based fisheries management programme at sites in the Ambodavahibe Marine Reserve as well as Nosy Hara Marine Park on the Northwest coast of Madagascar.
References
Marine sanctuaries
Protected areas of Madagascar
Khawaja Sheraz Mehmood (; born 6 August 1974) is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013 and again since August 2018.
Early life
He was born on 6 August 1974.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-171 (Dera Ghazi Khan-I) as a candidate of the Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) in the 2002 general election. He received 82,310 votes and defeated Amjad Farooq Khan.
He was re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-171 (Dera Ghazi Khan-I) as a candidate of PML-Q in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 39,628 votes and defeated Amjad Farooq Khan. In the same election, he ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Constituency PP-240 (Dera Ghazi Khan-I) as a candidate of PML-Q but was unsuccessful. He received 11,155 votes and lost the seat to Sardar Mir Badshah Qaisrani. In May 2011, he was inducted into the federal cabinet of the prime minister, Yousaf Raza Gillani, and was appointed minister of state for production, a post he held until June 2012. In June 2012, he was inducted into the federal cabinet of prime minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf and was re-appointed as minister of state for production until March 2013.
He ran for the National Assembly from Constituency NA-171 (Dera Ghazi Khan-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in the 2013 general election but was unsuccessful. He received 57,276 votes and lost the seat to Amjad Farooq Khan.
He was re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) from Constituency NA-189 (Dera Ghazi Khan-I) in the 2018 general election.
External Link
More Reading
List of members of the 15th National Assembly of Pakistan
References
Living people
1974 births
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2018–2023
William of Macclesfield (died 1303–04) was an English Dominican theologian, with the nickname Doctor Inclytus. He was created Cardinal in December 1303 by Pope Benedict XI; it is unclear whether this was before his death.
Life
He was born, according to the Dictionnaire des Cardinaux, at Coventry, during the pontificate Pope Innocent IV (i.e. between 1243 and 1254). He became a friar-preacher at Coventry and completed his education in the ‘gymnasium sanjacobeum' (the seminary of the Jacobins, or Dominican friar-preachers) at Paris, where he proceeded B.D. Returning to England he was elected fellow of Merton College, Oxford, in 1291, and proceeded D.D.
He lectured in Oxford and was an authority on the Bible, taking part also in the controversies of the time and confuting the heresies of William Delamere. In clerical politics he was a disciplinarian.
In 1303 he represented his order on the nomination, it is supposed, of Edward I, at the synod of Besançon. Benedict XI nominated him cardinal priest with the title of St. Sabina on 18 December 1303, but it is doubtful whether the news reached him, as he died while on his way to England early in 1304. Walter Winterburn (died 1305), confessor to the king and also a friar-preacher, was at once made cardinal of St. Sabina in his stead.
Works
The following works are attributed to him by Jacques Échard:
‘Postillæ in sacra Biblia.'
‘In Evangelium de decem Virginibus.'
‘Questiones de Angelis.'
‘Questiones Ordinariæ.'
‘Contra Henricum de Gandavo, in quibus impugnat S. Thomam de Aquino.'
‘Contra Corruptorem S. Thomæ.'
‘De Unitate Formarum.'
‘De Comparatione Statuum.'
‘Orationes ad Clerum.'
‘Varia Problemata.'
Notes
External links
Biography
Attribution
English Dominicans
English theologians
14th-century English cardinals
Fellows of Merton College, Oxford
The 2017 WPI Engineers football team represented Worcester Polytechnic Institute in the 2017 NCAA Division III football season. It marked the Engineers' 128th overall season. The team played its home games at Alumni Stadium in Worcester, Massachusetts. They were led by eighth-year head coach Chris Robertson. This was the first season that WPI competed in the New England Women's and Men's Athletic Conference (NEWMAC) for football.
The Engineers finished the regular season with eight victories and two losses. The eight wins is the second most in school history (the Engineers posted nine wins in 1992), tying the 1983, 1989, and 1990 seasons. WPI was selected to host a bowl game making it their third postseason appearance in school history. The Engineers defeated the SUNY Maritime Privateers 17-3 to win their first bowl game in school history.
Personnel
Coaching Staff
Roster
Schedule
The 2017 schedule was officially released on June 29, 2017. WPI faced all seven NEWMAC opponents: Catholic, Coast Guard, Maine Maritime, MIT, Merchant Marine, Norwich, and Springfield. They also scheduled three non-conference games: Anna Maria of the Eastern Collegiate Football Conference (ECFC), Becker of the Commonwealth Coast Conference (CCC), and RPI of the Liberty League.
On November 13, 2017, the Engineers were selected to host SUNY Maritime of the Eastern Collegiate Football Conference (ECFC) as part of the 2017 New England Bowl Series.
On August 29, the Engineers placed third in the inaugural NEWMAC Preseason Coaches Poll
Awards and honors
Weekly awards
NEWMAC Football Offensive Athlete of the Week
Blake Rice, QB - Week of October 9, 2017
Sean McAllen, RB - Week of October 30, 2017
NEWMAC Football Defensive Athlete of the Week
Dereck Pacheco, DL – Week of September 3, 2017
Brian Mahan, DB - Week of October 9, 2017
Nick Ostrowski, LB - Week of October 30, 2017
Dereck Pacheco, DL – Week of November 6, 2017
NEWMAC Football Special Teams Athlete of the Week
Spencer Herrington, K/P – Week of September 3, 2017
Spencer Herrington, K/P – Week of October 23, 2017
Spencer Herrington, K/P - Week of October 30, 2017
Spencer Herrington, K/P - Week of November 6, 2017
D3football.com Team of the Week
Brian Mahan, DB - Week of October 9, 2017
D3football.com Play of the Week
Lou Garcia, DB - Week of October 9, 2017
Postseason awards
NEWMAC Special Teams Athlete of the Year
Spencer Herrington, K/P
NEWMAC All-Conference First Team
Luca Cerasani, DL
Corey Coogan, WR
Lou Garcia, DB
Brendan Harty, OL
Spencer Herrington, K/P
Sean McAllen, RB
Sam Malafronte, LB
Dereck Pacheco, DL
Austin Pesce, PR
NEWMAC All Conference Second Team
Sam Casey, DB
Nick Day, OL
Erik Fyrer, WR
Nick Ostrowski, LB
Blake Rice, QB
NEWMAC All-Sportsmanship Team
Aaron Hartford, DB
D3football.com All-East Region First Team
Spencer Herrington, K/P
Worcester Area Football Association Co-Offensive Player of the Year
Sean McAllen, RB
Worcester Area Football Association Steve “Merc” Morris All-Star Team
Sam Casey, DB
Luca Cerasani, DL
Corey Coogan, WR
Nick Day, OL
Lou Garcia, DB
Brendan Harty, OL
Spencer Herrington, K/P
Sean McAllen, RB
Sam Malafronte, LB
Dereck Pacheco, DL
Austin Pesce, PR
Lain Zembek, FB
New England Football Writers Division II/III All‐New England Team
Sean McAllen, RB
CoSIDA Academic All-District Football Team (DIII)
Nick Day, OL
Dereck Pacheco, DL
References
WPI
WPI Engineers football seasons
WPI Engineers football
The 2019–20 Croatian Football Cup was the twenty-ninth season of Croatia's football knockout competition. The defending champions were Rijeka, having won their fifth title the previous year by defeating Dinamo Zagreb in the final.
Calendar
Participating clubs
The following 48 teams qualified for the competition:
Preliminary round
The draw for the preliminary single-legged round was held on 30 July 2019 and the matches were played on 28 August 2019.
* Match played on 14 August.** Match played on 27 August.
First round
The first round was played on 25 September 2019.
* Matches played on 24 September.** Match played on 1 October.
Second round
The second round was played on 30 October 2019.
* Match played on 23 October.
Quarter-finals
The quarter-finals were played on 3 and 4 December 2019.
Semi-finals
The semi-finals were played on 30 and 31 May 2020.
Final
The final was played on 1 August 2020.
Bracket
Top scorers
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Competition rules
Croatian Football Cup seasons
Croatia
Croatian Cup, 2019-20
Association football events postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Pengerang is a federal constituency in Kota Tinggi District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Pengerang constituency has a total of 25 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Johor federal constituencies
The 2017 Major League Baseball (MLB) First-Year Player Draft began on June 12, 2017. The draft assigned amateur baseball players to MLB teams. The first 36 picks, including the first round and compensatory picks, were broadcast on MLB Network on June 12, while the remainder of the draft was live streamed on MLB.com on June 13 and 14.
With the worst record in the 2016 MLB season, the Minnesota Twins received the first overall pick. Compensation picks were distributed for players who did not sign from the 2016 MLB Draft. Also, fourteen small-market teams competed in a lottery for additional competitive balance picks, with six teams receiving an additional pick after the first round, and eight teams receiving an additional pick after the second round. The Twins selected Royce Lewis with the first overall selection.
First round selections
Compensatory round
Competitive Balance Round A
Other notable selections
Notes
Compensation picks
References
External links
2017 Major League Baseball draft Official Site
Major League Baseball draft
Major League Baseball Draft
Draft
Baseball in New Jersey
Major League Baseball draft
Holothuria (Roweothuria) poli, also known as the white spot cucumber, is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuridae and the subgenus Roweothuria. The species was first described by the Italian doctor and naturalist Stefano delle Chiaje in 1824. The species' range has been documented as being in the Mediterranean Sea, Red Sea, and the Bay of Biscay.
Description
Holothuria poli is cylindrical and grows to a length of about and a width of . At the anterior end is a crown of retractable tentacles surrounding the mouth; at the posterior end is the cloacal opening. The thick leathery skin contains embedded calcareous sclerites and has blackish spots on a mottled background of brown and grey. The ventral surface is somewhat paler than the dorsal surface, which has numerous low tubercles tipped with white. The longitudinal rows of tube feet exude mucus to which sand and detritus adhere, often concealing the animal's appearance. This species is often confused with Holothuria tubulosa, which has a similar distribution.
Distribution and habitat
Holothuria poli is found in the East Atlantic Ocean, between the Canary Islands and the Bay of Biscay, in the Mediterranean Sea and in the Red Sea; its occurrence in the Red Sea is likely as a result of its larvae passing through the Suez Canal, a process known as anti-Lessepsian migration. It inhabits the seabed, usually at depths down to about , but has been observed on a muddy substrate off the coast of Tunisia at much greater depths (). It is found on sand or rock, and favours seagrass meadows and areas with green seaweed such as Caulerpa.
Ecology
Holothuria poli is a limnivore, using the tentacles round its mouth to gather up sediment and shovelling this detritus into its mouth. The material is sorted in the gut, with organic particles being digested while sand and other indigestible material is mixed with mucus and formed into balls which are voided in a string of balls through the anus. In this way, it has been calculated that the sea cucumbers in a square metre of sand can "process" nearly of sediment in a year. This sea cucumber is sometimes parasitised by the worm-like sea snail Entoconcha mirabilis. It has few predators because of the thick leathery skin and the presence of the bony sclerites in the integument.
The sexes are separate in this species and reproduction takes place between November and January. The animals rear up, adopting L-shaped postures, to release clouds of gametes into the water column; there seems to be some sort of synchronisation mechanism for this release. The larvae are planktonic and pass through several stages before settling on the seabed and undergoing metamorphosis into juveniles.
References
Holothuriidae
Fauna of the Atlantic Ocean
Fauna of the Mediterranean Sea
Fauna of the Red Sea
Taxa named by Stefano delle Chiaje
Animals described in 1824
Following is a list of pantheons of deities in specific spiritual practices:
African pantheons
Armenian pantheon
Aztec pantheon
Buddhist pantheon
Berber pantheon
Burmese pantheon
Canaanite pantheon
Celtic pantheon
Chinese pantheon
Egyptian pantheon
Germanic pantheon
Greek pantheon
Guanche pantheon
Hindu pantheon
Incan pantheon
Irish pantheon
Jain pantheon
Japanese pantheon
Japanese Buddhist pantheon
Maya pantheon
Native American pantheons
Norse pantheon
Rigvedic pantheon
Roman pantheon
Slavic pantheon
Sumerian pantheon
Yoruba Pantheon
See also
Divine Council
Mesopotamian myths
William Blake's mythology
Pantheon
Rakičan (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.
There is a Baroque mansion known as Rakičan Castle west of the main settlement. It stands in a large park and was originally a 17th-century castle with defences that was remodelled in the 18th century.
References
External links
Rakičan on Geopedia
Populated places in the City Municipality of Murska Sobota
Tōshōin (洞松院, born in the 1460s) or Akamatsu Tōshōin was a Japanese noble who acted as the power behind the throne or de facto daimyo of the Akamatsu clan during the Sengoku period. She was the daughter of Hosokawa Katsumoto, sister of Hosokawa Masamoto, and wife of Akamatsu Masanori. Tōshōin was a de facto Daimyo who supported the Akamatsu clan as a guardian of Akamatsu Yoshimura. She took explicit control of the clan as the leader in 1521, after Yoshimura was assassinated.
See also
List of female castellans in Japan
References
1460s births
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death unknown
Keichō-Hosokawa clan
Daimyo
People of Sengoku-period Japan
16th-century women rulers
16th-century women politicians
Japanese women in politics
15th-century Japanese people
15th-century Japanese women
16th-century Japanese people
16th-century Japanese women
Women of medieval Japan
Samurai
The Old Canberra Inn is one of the earliest licensed pubs in the Canberra region, Australia. The building pre-dates the city itself. It is located in the present day suburb of Lyneham.
The original slab hut was built in 1857 by Joseph Schumack and in 1876 it was licensed as an inn. It was a coach stop on the Yass to Queanbeyan run until 1887 when it was sold to John Read. It became the Read family home until 1974, called The Pines until it was renovated and relicensed as the Old Canberra Inn.
The Old Canberra Inn is well known for its craft beers, with their 10 beer taps exclusively serving Australian independent craft beer.
The Shumack family
Joseph Shumack (1836-1901) built the "Old Canberra Inn" in 1857. He was born in Ireland in 1836 and migrated to Australia in 1841 at the age of 5 with his parents John Schmack (1812-1849) and Margaret O'Toole. They were part of the Shumack family who are credited with making substantial contributions to the development of Canberra. The most famous member of this family was Samuel Shumack who was Joseph's cousin.
In 1842 Joseph's father acquired Glebe Farm which was on the western boundary of Duntroon with a frontage to the Molonglo River. He lived here with his family until 1849 when he died suddenly leaving his wife Margaret to care for four young children the oldest of whom was Joseph who was 13 at that time. They continued farming the land and then in 1854 his mother married Edward Woods who was also a widower.
In 1856 Joseph was granted his own 100 acre lot at the site of the "Old Canberra Inn". A map is shown illustrating its location. He built a house and began farming. He seems to have acquired one of the other adjacent 100 acre lots as in 1877 a traveller described the property in the following terms.
"Four miles further on the road is the Canberra Inn belonging to Mr J. Shumack who also has 200 acres around the hotel. Fifty acres are under cultivation with wheat and oats. Considering the season the wheat will turn out well. The oat crop is light and short in straw."
In 1865 Joseph married Bridget Mary Ward (1836-1914) who came from County Cork, Ireland. The couple had four children.
From the late 1850s many new coach services started running through Yass and Ginninderra through to Queanbeyan and Braidwood. As the map shows Joseph's house was ideally positioned next to the Yass to Queanbeyan Road so in 1876 he decided to take advantage of his location and converted his residence to the "Canberra Inn" and obtained a liquor licence. The Inn became a regular stop for the Yass/ Queanbeyan mail coach and the coaches en route to the Araluen Goldfields.
In 1887 he decided to sell his property and advertised it in the newspapers. The advertisement is shown. At this time the Old Canberra Inn was described in the following terms.
"With 202 acres of freehold land. The house contains 7 rooms with 3 rooms detached, 2 storerooms, kitchen, 2 stables – one of four stalls and one of three stalls and all necessary outbuildings.
The land is situated on the famous Canberra Plain and for agricultural purposes is not to be surpassed in the district. It is subdivided into 5 paddocks, securely fenced, well grassed and permanently watered"
The house was bought by Joseph's nephew John Read.
The Read family
John Read (1868-1917) who bought the Old Canberra Inn in 1887 converted it back to a residence and called it "The Pines". The Read family lived there for almost ninety years. John Read was born in 1868 in Canberra. His father was Hugh Read (1838-1894) who arrived in Australia in 1856 at the age of 18. Hugh worked for Joseph Shumack and in 1862 he married Joseph's sister Eliza Shumack. The couple had ten children and settled on a property called "Wattle Grove" at Sutton.
In 1895, eight years after he bought the Canberra Inn, John Read married Ellen Maloney (1871-1962). She was the daughter of Robert Maloney who owned one of the 100 acre lots shown in the map above that was almost adjacent to the Old Canberra Inn.
The couple had six children. Three of them are shown in the photo of 1910 standing outside their home "the Pines" formerly the Canberra Inn. They are Eileen, Jack and Harry. The Read family continued to operate the property as a farm as in 1898 John won a prize at the Agricultural show for his oat crop. John was a noted sheep and wheat farmer in the district.
John died in 1917 and Ellen his wife continued to live at "The Pines". The Electoral Rolls show that she lived at the house for the rest of her life. She died in 1962 at the age of 90. Her sons Robert and Thomas lived with her during that time and they jointly owned the property and farmed it together. Three of her other four children settled in the Canberra district. The Ellen Read collection 55 glass negative photographic slides are held in the collection of the National Library of Australia. Ellen was one of the first female photographers of the district. Jack Read who is shown in the above photo built Strathnairn Homestead in 1924. He later owned the Royal Hotel in Braidwood.
After Ellen died in 1962 her two sons Robert and Thomas continued to farm "The Pines". Robert died in 1966 and Thomas died in 1973. In 1974 it was bought by the Government who decided to restore it and convert it to an inn.
References
External links
Oldcanberrainn.com: Old Canberra Inn website — photos and history.
Pubs in the Australian Capital Territory
Buildings and structures in Canberra
Hotels in the Australian Capital Territory
Landmarks in Canberra
The Men's Marathon at the 2001 World Championships in Edmonton, Alberta in Canada was held on August 3, 2001.
Medalists
Abbreviations
All times shown are in hours:minutes:seconds
Records
Intermediates
Final ranking
See also
2000 Summer Olympics (Sydney)
2001 Marathon Year Ranking
2001 World Marathon Cup
References
Results
IAAF
Results - World Athletics
M
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
2001 marathons
Men's marathons
Marathons in Canada
Nanga Parbat Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia at the head of the Mummery Glacier, North of Golden. It was named in 1898 by J. Norman Collie after the ninth highest mountain in the world Nanga Parbat, located in the Himalayas. Collie had climbed on Nanga Parbat in 1895.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
The Bayer designation s Eridani and the variable star designation S Eridani are distinct. Due to technical limitations, both designations link here. For the star
s Eridani, see HD 16754
S Eridani, see 64 Eridani
HD 16754, s
Eridanus (constellation)
La Paz is an eastern department of Mendoza Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 9,500 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is La Paz.
Districts
Desaguadero
La Paz Norte
La Paz Sur
Villa Antigua
External links
Municipal Site (Spanish)
Mendoza Cuyo Site (Spanish)
1850 establishments in Argentina
Departments of Mendoza Province
Waman Marka (Quechua waman falcon, marka village, also spelled Huaman Marca, Huamanmarca, Huamanmarka, Wamanmarca) may refer to:
Waman Marka (Junín), a mountain in the Marcapomacocha District, Yauli Province, Junín Region, Peru
Waman Marka (La Oroya), a mountain in the La Oroya District, Yauli Province, Junín Region, Peru
Wamanmarka, Chumbivilcas, an archaeological site in the Chumbivilcas Province, Cusco Region, Peru
Wamanmarka, La Convención, an archaeological site in the La Convención Province, Cusco Region, Peru
Wamanmarka, Lima, an archaeological site in the Lima Region, Peru
Auxvasse Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,000.
History
Historical references to Auxvasse Township are complicated by the fact that, at the time of its founding on February 12, 1821, the Township was about 4 times larger than it is now, and included all of Callaway County east of Auxvasse Creek. The township as well as the city of Auxvasse are both named after Auxvasse Creek. Today's city of Auxvasse is not within today's borders of Auxvasse Township, although the city was near the northwest border of the Auxvasse Township of the early 1800s, which extended all the way north to what is now the Audrain-Callaway county line. Auxvasse Township was reduced gradually to its current size by 1826, first by the creation of (then larger and including Shamrock, Calwood, and part of Jackson) Nine Mile Prairie Township to the north of current boundaries. The city of Auxvasse is located about 15 miles to the north-northwest of Auxvasse Township, and about 3 miles from Callaway County's northern border with Audrain County.
Geography
Auxvasse Township today (as of 2018) covers an area of and, although containing no incorporated settlements, does contain the unincorporated settlements of Portland, Readsville, and Reform, as well as eastern Steedman along its border with St Aubert Township. The historic town of Heilburn bordered Portland. Auxvasse Township contains nine cemeteries: Atterberry, Garrett, Holiness, Lawrence, Liberty, Old Salem, Oliver, Saint Patricks and Washington—and the streams of Eagle Creek, Little Tavern Creek, Logan Camp Branch, Logan Creek, Means Branch, Meyers Branch, Mollie Dozier Chute, Mud Creek and Tavern Creek.
The Missouri River forms its southern border, while to its west is St Aubert Township (incl Mokane), to its northwest is East Fulton Township (incl Fulton), to its north is Nine Mile Prairie Township (incl Williamsburg), and to its east is Montgomery County. Do not confuse today's Auxvasse Township with city of Auxvasse, Missouri in Jackson Township, about 15 to 20 miles to the north-northwest.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
Missouri State Library. "History of Callaway County". (St Louis, National Historical Company, 1884).
Callaway County Place Names 1928-1945: https://web.archive.org/web/20160624071020/http://shsmo.org/manuscripts/ramsay/ramsay_callaway.html
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Callaway County, Missouri tourism
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
East Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on East Island in the Lacepede Islands off the north west coast of Western Australia.
First commissioned in 1984, it is a high lattice metal tower, with the light's focal plane positioned at above sea level. The light characteristic is two flashes every ten seconds.
See also
List of lighthouses in Australia
References
Lighthouses completed in 1984
Towers completed in 1984
Lighthouses in Western Australia
1984 establishments in Australia
Kimberley (Western Australia)
State Road 34 is an IB-class road in eastern Serbia, connecting Požarevac with HE Đerdap I. It is located in Southern and Eastern Serbia.
Before the new road categorization regulation was given in 2013, the route wore the following names: M 25.1 (before 2012) / 128, 17 (after 2012).
The existing route is a main road with two traffic lanes. By the valid Space Plan of Republic of Serbia the road is not planned for upgrading to motorway, and is expected to be conditioned in its current state.
Sections
See also
Roads in Serbia
References
External links
Official website - Roads of Serbia (Putevi Srbije)
Official website - Corridors of Serbia (Koridori Srbije) (Serbian)
State roads in Serbia
J-PARC (Japan Proton Accelerator Research Complex) is a high intensity proton accelerator facility. It is a joint project between KEK and JAEA and is located at the Tokai campus of JAEA. J-PARC aims for the frontier in materials and life sciences, and nuclear and particle physics. J-PARC uses high intensity proton beams to create high intensity secondary beams of neutrons, hadrons, and neutrinos.
Components
J-PARC includes three main parts: the 400 MeV proton linear accelerator, the 3 GeV Rapid Cycling Synchrotron (RCS), and the 30 GeV Main Ring (MR) synchrotron. There are two main experimental areas: the Materials and Life Science Experimental Facility (MLF), where the proton beam from the RCS is used to create beams of either neutrons or muons for further study, and the Hadron Facility (HD), where the beam from the main ring is used to create heavy hadronic particles such as pions and kaons. The main ring beam is also used to create neutrino beams for analysis at the Kamioka laboratory, located approximately 300 km to the west. A planned project also allow for research into accelerator-driven nuclear waste transmutation.
See also
Biological small-angle scattering
China Spallation Neutron Source
European Spallation Source
Inelastic neutron scattering
Neutron diffraction
Neutron spin echo
Polymer physics
Protein dynamics
Reptation
Soft matter
Spallation Neutron Source
Spin echo
External links
New results from T2K conclusively show muon neutrinos transform to electron neutrinos
Particle physics facilities
Buildings and structures in Ibaraki Prefecture
Science and technology in Japan
Tōkai, Ibaraki
Lithodes santolla, also known as the southern king crab, king crab or centolla, is a species of king crab, found off southern South America including the Falklands/Malvinas. On the Pacific side, it is found in Chile from Valdivia at around 40° S to Cape Horn at 60° S. On the Atlantic side, it is found off Argentina.It lives in the benthic zone at depths of . In Chile, it mostly lives at depths to , but south of 40° S it has been found at . It is a large crab that can reach up to in carapace length.
The lucrative centolla fishery around Tierra del Fuego led to an incident in August 1967 when the Argentine schooner was found fishing from Gable Island and had to be escorted out of Chilean waters by the Chilean patrol boat . This event among many others led to the Beagle crisis in the late 1970s.
The United States Food and Drug Administration lists the centolla crab and southern king crab as two separate species: Lithodes antarcticus and Lithodes santolla respectively. Other sources consider Lithodes antarcticus to be a synonym of Lithodes santolla.
A study has found that L. santolla is capable of withstanding long periods of aerial exposure with no detrimental effect on crab survival, opening the possibility of commercializing L. santolla in the attractive live seafood market.
References
External links
King crabs
Crustaceans of the eastern Pacific Ocean
Western South American coastal fauna
Crustaceans described in 1782
Invertebrates of Argentina
Invertebrates of Chile
Fauna of Tierra del Fuego
Whiro-te-tipua (Whiro, or Hiro in the Tuamotus) is the lord of darkness and embodiment of all evil in Māori mythology. He inhabits the underworld and is responsible for the ills of all persons, a contrast to his brother and enemy Tāne.
According to some tribes, when people die, their bodies descend into the underworld, where they are eaten by Whiro. Each time Whiro eats a body, he becomes stronger. This process will eventually make him sufficiently powerful to break free of the underworld, at which point he will come to the surface and devour everything and everyone on it. Cremation is therefore recommended to prevent this, because Whiro cannot gain strength from ashes.
Taiwhetuki – Whiro's House of Death – is a deep and dark cave where all things evil are preserved, such as black magic. It is a place in which countless personifications of illnesses and diseases dwell.
Geckos, skinks, and tuatara were feared because of their spiritual association with Whiro.
Confusion
Whiro-te-tipua (Iro in Rarotonga) was a Polynesian voyager who shared a name with the offspring of Papatūānuku and Ranginui. Little was known as to whether he actually arrived in New Zealand, though some of the tribes trace their lineage from him, especially perhaps the people of Whanganui.
See also
Ghosts and spirits in Māori culture
References
Chaos gods
Death gods
Māori gods
Night gods
Polynesian gods
Evil gods
The Enhanced NeUtrino BEams from kaon Tagging or ENUBET is an ERC funded project that aims at producing an artificial neutrino beam in which the flavor, flux and energy of the produced neutrinos are known with unprecedented precision.
Interest in these types of high precision neutrino beams has grown significantly in the last ten years, especially after the start of the construction of the DUNE and Hyper-Kamiokande detectors. DUNE and Hyper-Kamiokande are aimed at discovering CP violation in neutrinos observing a small difference between the probability of a muon-neutrino to oscillate into an electron-neutrino and the probability of a muon-antineutrino to oscillate into an electron-antineutrino. This effect points toward a difference in the behavior of matter and antimatter. In quantum field theory, this effect is described by a violation of the CP symmetry in particle physics.
The experiments that will measure CP violation need a very precise knowledge of the neutrino cross-sections, i.e. the probability for a neutrino to interact in the detector. This probability is measured counting the number of interacting neutrinos divided by the flux of incoming neutrinos. Current neutrino cross-section experiments are limited by large uncertainties in the neutrino flux. A new generation of cross-section experiment is therefore needed to overcome these limitations with new techniques or high precision beams, as ENUBET.
In ENUBET, neutrinos are produced by focusing mesons in a narrow band beam towards an instrumented decay tunnel, where charged leptons produced in association with neutrinos by mesons' decay can be monitored at the single particle level. Beams like ENUBET are called monitored neutrino beams.
Mesons (essentially pions and kaons) are produced in the interactions of accelerated protons with a Beryllium or Graphite target. The proposed facility is being studied taking into account the energies of currently available proton drivers: 400 GeV (CERN SPS), 120 GeV (FNAL Main Injector), 30 GeV (J-PARC Main Ring).
Kaons and pions are momentum and charge selected in a short transfer line by means of dipole and quadrupole magnets and are focused in a collimated beam into an instrumented decay tube. Large angle muons and positrons from kaon decays (, , ) are measured by detectors on the tunnel walls, while muons from pion decays () are monitored after the hadron dump at the end of the tunnel. The decay region is kept short (40 m) in order to reduce the neutrino contamination from muon decays ().
In this way the neutrino flux is assessed in a direct way with a precision of 1%, without relying on complex simulations of the transfer line and on hadro-production data extrapolation that currently limit the knowledge of the flux to 5-10%. The ENUBET facility can be used to perform precision studies of the neutrino cross-section and of sterile neutrinos or Non-Standard Interaction models. This method can also be extended to detect other leptons in order to have a complete monitored neutrino beam.
The ENUBET project started in 2016. It involves 13 European institutions in 5 European countries, and brings together 60 scientists.
ENUBET studies all technical and physics challenges to demonstrate the feasibility of a monitored neutrino beam: it will build a full-scale demonstrator of the instrumented decay tunnel (3 m length and partial azimuthal coverage) and will assess costs and physics reach of the proposed facility.
Since March 2019, ENUBET is part of the CERN Neutrino Platform (NP06/ENUBET) for the development of a new generation of neutrino detector and facilities.
References
Neutrinos
Neutrino experiments
Nuclear physics
The Mayor of Garret (also spelled The Mayor of Garratt) is a farce by Samuel Foote, set during a fictionalised version of the Garrat Elections carnival that took place in Surrey, England in the 18th century.
Opening performance
The play opened on Monday, the 20th of June, 1763 at the Theatre Royal Haymarket, where it ran until the 3rd of September, 1763. It was first published in 1764.
The play's original cast featured low comic actor Thomas Weston, who had been with Foote's troupe since 1760, in the part of Jerry Sneak, while Foote himself played the Major. The affable and pathetic character of Sneak was very popular, so much so that Sid Sondergard wrote in 1989 that "his name passed into the vernacular in the same manner as the modern cartoon character, Caspar Milquetoast"
Plot summary
Act one
Lint, a doctor, arrives to see Sir Jacob; it is the day of the Garrat elections, and Lint is prepared to deal with the injuries to result from the carnival. They debate quack medicine. The argument escalates, and Sir Jacob turns Lint out of the house. Major Sturgeon arrives. The Major describes a battle, and discusses the merits of various companies with Sir Jacob. However, he had hoped to visit with Sir Jacob's two married daughters. The Major is to act as magistrate for the election of the new mayor; he and Sir Jacob expect many oaths from the townspeople today. Roger, a servant, enters, and announces that the people outside are suggesting a candidate for the position of mayor. Sturgeon leaves, to Sir Jacob's comment that “the fish is got out of his element.” He returns with Mrs. Sneak, one of Sir Jacob's daughters, and her husband, who promptly leaves again. Mrs. Sneak expresses her displeasure with Sneak, calling him “Meek! a Mushroom! a Milk-Sop!” Sir Jacob leaves, and Mrs. Sneak and the Major flirt. Sneak returns just as the Major begins to kiss Mrs. Sneak's hand. She leaves; Sneak and the Major discuss her merits. Bruin and his wife (Mrs. Sneak's sister) enter. The Major quickly leaves to “attend to the lady [Mrs. Sneak] instantly”, with Sneak's encouragement. Mrs. Bruin is thoroughly dominated by her husband; she exits at his orders, and Sneak expresses his envy at Bruin's control, as Mrs. Sneak allows him only two shillings a week for his own pocket-money. Bruin agrees to help Sneak beat Mrs. Sneak, but she calls for him, causing Sneak loses his will; he comments “what a sad life do I lead”.
Act two
The mob gathers under the window. Sir Jacob suggests that the common people in the mob have the potential to be great orators: “you will meet with materials to make a Sylla, a Cicero, a Solon, or a Caesar”. All exit. The mob enters, with Heel-Tap at their head. Heel-Tap presides over the election, as various candidates' proposals are read aloud. Sneak goes after the Major and Mrs. Sneak, who have disappeared again. One candidate, Matthew Mug, presents his arguments for how to improve the town, but Heel-Tap refuses a bribe and denounces him. Sir Jacob's family returns; he chastises Bruin for his harsh treatment of his wife. Sneak rushes in, having discovered that the Major and Mrs. Sneak are in the locked summer-house. Heel-Tap enters, and announces that Sneak has been elected mayor. Mrs. Sneak enters, and Sneak stands up to her, announcing that he will begin to live his life as he chooses: “if some folks go into gardens with Majors, mayhap other people will go into garrets with maids.” She abuses Sneak, but he and Bruin have the upper hand. The Major enters. Bruin makes Mrs. Sneak cry and fights with the Major; Sneak capitulates to his wife's sobs. Mrs Sneak demands that another person be elected mayor. Sir Jacob suggests that Heel-Tap act as the “Locum tenens” (deputy).
Influence from Restoration Comedy
Mary Megie Belden asserted in 1929 that The Mayor of Garratt had much more in common with comedies of the Restoration era, than with contemporary 18th-century plays, observing that "Sneak and Bruin with their respective wives have been easily recognized as descendants of Bisket and Fribble with their respective wives in Epsom Wells [written by Thomas Shadwell], and the scene where Sneak peeps through the key-hole of the summer-house in Act 2 was doubtless suggested by a scene in the same play."
References
1763 plays
Plays by Samuel Foote
Ronald Spadafora (July 8, 1954 – June 23, 2018) was an American firefighter and the fire chief in charge of fire prevention for the FDNY, notable for his service supervising the entire safety operation during the rescue and recovery efforts at ground zero following the September 11 attacks and for his writing on firefighting, fire safety, and firefighting gear.
Life
Spadafora was born on July 8, 1954, in the neighborhood of Ozone Park in the borough of Queens in the City of New York. He attended Bishop Loughlin Memorial High School in Brooklyn and they received a bachelor's degree in Fire Science from the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in Manhattan (later he returned to John Jay as an adjunct lecturer in fire science). He then went on to obtain a second bachelor's degree from Queens College and a master's degree from the C.W Post campus of Long Island University.
Spadafora began his career at Engine 237 in Brooklyn in 1978. He transferred to Squad 1 in 1979 and then to Ladder 105 in 1981. In 1984, he moved to Engine 219, where he was later promoted to Fire Marshal and worked at the Bureau of Fire Investigation, until he was promoted to Lieutenant in 1986. He spent three years at Battalion 33, where he was later promoted to Captain in 1989. After spending a year as a Captain in Division 15, he transferred to the Bureau of Fire Prevention in 1990. After three years, he moved to Ladder 150 in Queens, where he was promoted to Battalion Chief in 1996. After four years at Battalion 4 in lower Manhattan, he was promoted to Deputy Chief in 2000. Spadafora supervised safety efforts at ground zero for the entire rescue and recovery effort following the September 11 attacks. Later he worked on recovery efforts during the days following Hurricane Sandy. In 2002, he was promoted to Deputy Assistant Chief and was appointed to Assistant Chief for the Bureau of Fire Prevention in July 2010.
Spadafora was also a professor who taught in the emergency and disaster management program of the Metropolitan College of New York.
As a writer on firefighting and fire safety Spadafora penned over fifty articles, the great majority of which are compiled in the volume "Firefighting with FDNY Chief Ronald R. Spadafora".
Spadafora had a fifteen-year relationship with artist, scholar, and journalist Rhonda Roland Shearer which continued until his death in 2018.
Death and legacy
Spadafora died on June 23, 2018, at the age of 63. According to official records, he is the 178th member of the FDNY to have died of 9/11 related illnesses.
In 2019 the city of New York named the corner of Rockaway Boulevard and 90th street in Ozone Park, Queens "Chief Ronald Spadafora Way".
References
External links
Ronald R. Spadafora Papers at New-York Historical Society
1954 births
2018 deaths
People from Ozone Park, Queens
New York City firefighters
John Jay College of Criminal Justice alumni
Queens College, City University of New York alumni
LIU Post alumni
People associated with the September 11 attacks
Bishop Loughlin Memorial High School alumni
The rivière du Gouffre (English: Pit Cave River) is a tributary of the left bank of the Saint-Laurent river, flowing into the Capitale-Nationale administrative region, Quebec (Canada). This watercourse flows through Regional County Municipality from:
Charlevoix-Est: unorganized territory of Mont-Élie (Lacoste township), municipalities of Saint-Aimé-des-Lacs and Notre-Dame-des-Monts;
Charlevoix Regional County Municipality: unorganized territory of Lac-Pibauka (Zec des Martres), municipality of Saint-Urbain and town of Baie-Saint-Paul.
This hydrographic slope has 185 lakes and 35 tributaries. The Zec des Martres attracts tens of thousands of visitors each year, particularly because of its mountain trails offering splendid views of the Gouffre River Valley, as well as sport fishing.
Hydrology
The Gouffre River has its source at Lac du Cœur (length: altitude: ), in the County of Charlevoix West, in the Zec des Martres which is located east of the Grands-Jardins National Park and west of Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park. Lac du Coeur is located at west of Lac des Martres and west of the Charlevoix-Est County boundary.
The water separation line (altitude: ) between Petit lac Tristan (slope of the Malbaie River) and the brook of the Mountain (slope of the Montmorency River) is located west of the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River (near the hamlet of Petite-Rivière). From this water separation line, the Malbaie River bypasses the valley of the rivière du Gouffre in a clockwise direction, to flow to La Malbaie in the Saint Lawrence River. The hydrographic slope of the Rivière du Gouffre stretches inland up to northwest of the mouth of the river.
The Rivière du Gouffre flows towards the Southwest for a total distance of before reaching the Saint-Laurent at Baie-Saint-Paul. Its course runs along the western boundary of the municipality of Notre-Dame-des-Monts and crosses Saint-Urbain. This river is characterized by its sinuosities and the presence of many rapids.
The river Gouffre flows on according to the following segments:
Upper course of the river (segment of )
From the mouth of the Lac du Coeur, the Rivière du Gouffre flows over:
northwesterly to the east shore of Lac du Gouffre;
southwesterly across Lac du Gouffre (length: ; altitude: );
south-east to a small lake (altitude: );
south-east to the confluence of a creek (coming from the northeast);
south to the confluence of the rivière des Îlets (coming from the West);
southeasterly to the limit of the Lacoste township;
easterly to Lacoste Township, to the western limit of De Sales Township (Saint-Aimé-des-Lacs).
Intermediate course of the river (segment of )
From the western limit of De Sales Township, the Gouffre River flows over:
to the South-East, forming the boundary between the canton of Lacoste and the canton of De Sales, and collecting the waters of the dump of Lake Nice (coming from North-East) ;
to the southeast, forming the boundary between Saint-Aimé-des-Lacs and Saint-Urbain, the limit of Notre-Dame-des-Monts;
to the southeast, forming the boundary between Saint-Urbain and Notre-Dame-des-Monts, to Bouliane Creek (from the North);
to the South winding to the outlet of the Lac aux Brochets (coming from the East);
southwesterly winding to the confluence of the Chicago River (coming from the Southeast);
southwesterly to the rivière du Gouffre Sud-Ouest (coming from the North);
southwesterly to the rivière à la Loutre (Gouffre River tributary) (coming from the South-East);
southwesterly to Preveche Creek (from the northwest);
southwesterly to the limit of Notre-Dame-des-Monts.
Lower course of the river (segment of )
From the limit of Notre-Dame-des-Monts, the river Gouffre flows over:
to the southwest in Saint-Urbain to the outlet of the Lac à la Mine (coming from the South-East);
southwesterly to Swan Creek (from the northwest);
southwesterly to the river Le Gros Bras (Gouffre River tributary) (coming from the northwest);
southwesterly winding up to the road bridge of the village of Saint-Urbain;
southeasterly to the bridge route 138;
south to the city limit of Baie-Saint-Paul;
to the South winding in Baie-Saint-Paul, until the confluence of the Rémy River (coming from the West);
southeasterly collecting the discharge from the Mares river (coming from the south), to the confluence of the ruisseau de la Goudronnerie (coming from the Northeast);
towards the south by zigzagging and collecting the Gobeil stream (coming from the east), up to the rivière des Mares (coming from the south);
to the south, winding through an agricultural zone, collecting the discharge from the Renaud river (coming from the west) and entering an urban zone at the end of the segment, until the confluence of the Bras du Nord-Ouest (Gouffre River tributary) (coming from the West);
southerly forming a northeasterly curve to the road bridge;
southeasterly to the confluence of the river.
The Gouffre River empties onto the "Bay Bank" on the North Shore of the St. Lawrence River in front of Île aux Coudres. At the confluence of the river, the strike is long to the southeast at low tide. In addition to the confluence of the Rivière du Gouffre, the main rivers flowing over this strike are (from west to east): Verreault Creek, Rivière du Moulin (Baie-Saint-Paul), Middle Creek, Vases River, Rang Saint-Laurent Creek, Lucien Creek and Bois Blanc Creek.
The watershed of the Rivière du Gouffre covers . Its main tributaries are the Le Gros Bras, rivière des Mares and the rivière du Gouffre Sud-Ouest. The total slope of the river is .
Toponymy
The river Gouffre was named by Samuel de Champlain in 1608. Its name refers to the whirlpool that forms at the foot of Cap aux Corbeaux, downstream from the confluence of the river Gouffre, and which was a source of terror for sailors.
The toponme "Rivière du Gouffre" was formalized on December 5, 1968 at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Recreational tourism activities
The Rivière du Gouffre is an Atlantic salmon fishing river and a trout.
At the beginning of the twentieth century, sport fishermen in the Quebec region frequented these waters, which had and still have the reputation of offering large salmon. The population of this species can vary in number significantly from one year to the next. Since 1979, the Association of Conservation of the Valley of the Gouffre (ACVG) manages the salmon fishery. This non-profit organization was formed on March 20, 1979, thanks to the grouping of some forty members. In spring 1979, 100 salmon pits are inventoried in the Rivière du Gouffre. Since then, the ACVG has built 65 of these pits. Pedestrian paths run along the river; picnic tables and shelters have been set up. Two bridges span the river allowing fishermen access to all salmon pits.
Notes and references
See also
Lac-Pibauka, a TNO
Mont-Élie, a TNO
Saint-Aimé-des-Lacs, a municipality
Notre-Dame-des-Monts, a municipality
Saint-Urbain, a municipality
Baie-Saint-Paul, a city
Charlevoix Regional County Municipality
St. Lawrence River
Grands-Jardins National Park
Zec des Martres, a harversted controlled zone
List of rivers of Quebec
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Charlevoix Regional County Municipality
CCMS may refer to:
Institutions
Center for Coastal Marine Sciences at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, California
Center for Computational Mass Spectrometry, a proteomics center at the University of California, San Diego
Claremont Center for the Mathematical Sciences at the Claremont Colleges, Claremont, California
Council for Catholic Maintained Schools in Northern Ireland
NATO Committee on the Challenges of Modern Society (NATO/CCMS)
Schools
Cane Creek Middle School in Fletcher, NC
Centennial Campus Middle School in Raleigh, NC
Cornwall Central Middle School in Cornwall, NY
Culver City Middle School in Culver City, CA
Curtis Corner Middle School in Wakefield, RI
Charles Carroll Middle School in New Carrollton, Maryland
Country Club Middle School in Miami, Florida
Cincinnati College of Mortuary Science in Cincinnati, Ohio
Technologies
California Court Case Management System, the court case management system used by the judiciary of California
Central Case Management System, an open source software for paralegal organisations
Child Care Management System in Australia
Component Content Management System
Content and community Management System
SAP Computing Center Management System, a system monitoring and alerting system for SAP software
Client and Cost Management System, used by the Legal Aid Agency to manage legal aid costs
One Village, A Thousand Voices (یو کلی زر غږونه/یک قریه هزار صدا) is a bilingual(Dari and Pashto) radio drama series that feature young Afghans as they seek a voice in village-level justice decision-making. The series, which is produced in partnership with Equal Access International airs on Radio Azadi, launched in April 2013 and the episodes are followed once a week by a discussion program.
References
External links
Pashto
Dari
Radio dramas
Afghan radio programs
Greg Miller is an American animator, cartoonist, and storyboard artist. His art style is based on the animation style of Schoolhouse Rock!, which was used in his own television series, Whatever Happened to... Robot Jones?, airing on Cartoon Network from 2002 to 2003 and his short film, The Wizzard of Krudd, a canceled Nickelodeon short featuring the voice of Devon Workheiser as the protagonist. He worked on the production of Shrek the Third and Monsters vs. Aliens as the additional storyboard artist. His recent credits include being a storyboard artist, writer, animator, and character designer on Secret Mountain Fort Awesome, Gravity Falls, and Uncle Grandpa.
Early life and education
Miller grew up in Upper St. Clair, Pennsylvania near Pittsburgh. He graduated from Upper St. Clair High School in 1992 and went on to attend the University of the Arts in Philadelphia. While there, he earned an internship at Hanna-Barbera that would eventually lead him to drop out of college after receiving a job offer to work on Dexter's Laboratory.
Career
Miller began his career at Hanna-Barbera as a writer and storyboard artist for Dexter's Laboratory which aired on Cartoon Network. He also later worked on Cow and Chicken and The Powerpuff Girls as a member of the production company. In between stints at Hanna-Barbera, he worked for Nickelodeon (on CatDog and The Angry Beavers) and at Disney (on Nightmare Ned).
While working at Hanna-Barbera, he pitched the company a new show called Whatever Happened to... Robot Jones?. Hanna-Barbera declined, prompting Miller to take the pitch directly to Cartoon Network. Cartoon Network purchased the pilot along with the pilots of 9 other shows with the intent of trying them all out over one summer. Cartoon Network executives chose 3 (including Robot Jones) to be voted on by viewers in August 2000 in an event known as The Big Pick or Big Pick Weekend. Robot Jones received 23% of the vote, finishing second and losing out to The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy created by Maxwell Atoms.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
American animators
American animated film directors
American art directors
Film producers from Pennsylvania
American male composers
21st-century American composers
American male screenwriters
American storyboard artists
American television directors
Television producers from Pennsylvania
American television writers
Background artists
People from Pittsburgh
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Hanna-Barbera people
American male television writers
American voice directors
Film directors from Pennsylvania
Screenwriters from Pennsylvania
21st-century American male musicians
Cartoon Network Studios people
Gordon Highway is a major highway in the east-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia, traveling through the southern part of Columbia County and the northeastern part of Richmond County. It is named after Confederate general John Brown Gordon. At its western end, it is a relatively rural highway, but at its eastern end, it is an urban corridor of the Augusta metropolitan area. It connects Harlem and rural areas of southern Columbia County with Augusta and North Augusta, South Carolina. It also serves as the two main entry points to Fort Gordon. Its entire length, from the southeastern edge of Harlem to the Georgia–South Carolina state line on the northeastern edge of Augusta, is signed as part of US 78/US 278/SR 10. In Augusta, it is signed as parts of US 1 and US 25/SR 121.
Route description
Columbia County
Gordon Highway begins as part of the concurrency of US 78/US 278/SR 10 on the southeastern edge of the city limits of Harlem in Columbia County, where the roadway continues into the city with the local name of Milledgeville Road. The highway travels through the unincorporated communities of Campania and Berzelia. A few thousand feet later, Gordon Highway curves to the northeast, entering into Richmond County (and the city limits of Augusta), and begins paralleling the northern edge of Fort Gordon.
Richmond County
Gordon Highway serves as the access point for Augusta State Medical Prison. A short distance later is Fort Gordon's Gate 3, a commercial vehicle gate for the Army base. At the intersection with the eastern terminus of SR 223 (East Robinson Avenue), is an access road for Fort Gordon's Gate 2, a variable-hour gate. Approximately later is an intersection with the southern terminus of SR 383 (Jimmie Dyess Parkway) and the northern terminus of an access road to Fort Gordon's Gate 1, the 24-hour main gate for the base. About halfway between this intersection and the interchange with Interstate 520 (I-520; Bobby Jones Expressway), Gordon Highway leaves the edge of Fort Gordon and begins to transition into an urban corridor. After the interstate, the roadway enters the main part of Augusta, traveling south of Aquinas High School, and curves to the south-southeast, past the location of the now-closed Regency Mall. Immediately after a slight curve to the east is an intersection with US 1/SR 4 (Deans Bridge Road). At this intersection, US 1 joins the concurrency. Gordon Highway curves slightly to the east-southeast to an interchange with US 25/SR 121 (Peach Orchard Road), which both join the concurrency. The six highways take Gordon Highway to the east-northeast and intersect the northern terminus of Doug Barnard Parkway (former SR 56 Spur) and the southern terminus of Molly Pond Road. Gordon Highway curves to the north-northeast and intersects Laney Walker Boulevard, thus effectively entering downtown. It travels just to the northwest of Magnolia Cemetery, Cedar Grove Cemetery, and May Park and southeast of the James Brown Arena. A short distance later, they travel to the east of Old Medical College and the Old Government House, then have an interchange with US 25 Bus./SR 28 (Broad Street). Here, US 25 Bus. meets its southern terminus. Just after this interchange, the highway crosses over the Savannah River into South Carolina. At the state line, SR 10/Gordon Highway end, while US 1/US 25/US 78/US 278, concurrent with South Carolina Highway 121 (SC 121), travel on the Jefferson Davis Highway to the northeast toward North Augusta.
The entire length of Gordon Highway in Richmond County is part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
History
Gordon Highway may have existed in 1955 when it was proposed in the 1950s stretching from Milldegeville Road to North Augusta, which made getting to Augusta faster. in 1957, it was extended to 5th Street; that year US 1/US 25/US 78/US 278/SR 10/SR 12/SR 21 were shifted there.
During the 1980's and 1990s there were widening project on Gordon Highway
Following the protests after the murder of George Floyd during the Summer of 2020, Augusta Mayor Hardie Davis created the Task Force on Confederate Monuments, Street Names and Landmarks.
The eleventh member task force - consisting of local historians, educators, descendants of Confederate figures, and community activists - was charged with examining the renaming, relocating, or removal of places in Augusta that honor Confederate military figures.
The panel returned a final report to the Augusta Commission in October 2020 with a recommendation that the name of Gordon Highway be renamed.
Since the final report has been submitted with the recommended relocation, no action has been taken on the issue.
Major intersections
See also
References
Streets and parkways in the Augusta metropolitan area
Transportation in Columbia County, Georgia
Transportation in Richmond County, Georgia
Transportation in Augusta, Georgia
U.S. Route 1
U.S. Route 25
U.S. Route 78
U.S. Route 278
Lockhart is an unincorporated community in Norman County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located between Ada and Crookston near Minnesota State Highway 9 at County Road 22.
History
A post office called Lockhart was established in 1883, and remained in operation until 1976. The community bears the name of a landowner.
References
Rand McNally Road Atlas - 2007 edition - Minnesota entry
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map - 2007/2008 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Norman County, Minnesota
Nao Kodaira (; born 26 May 1986) is a Japanese former long track speed skater who specialised in the sprint distances.
She is the 2018 Olympic champion in the 500 m distance. Kodaira is the first Japanese woman to win an Olympic gold medal in speed skating.
In 2009, she graduated from Shinshu University with a bachelor's degree in education.
Career
At the 2010 Winter Olympics she won a silver medal in the team pursuit event. She placed 5th in the 1000 and the 1500 m events and 12th in the 500 m one at the Olympics. At the 2014–15 World Cup stop in Seoul, South Korea, on 21 November 2014, she won the 500 m event, and she has a total of 25 podium placings in the World Cup. At the 2015 World Single Distance Championships, she won the bronze medal in the 500 m event.
At the 2017 World Single Distance Championships, she became the first Japanese woman to win an individual single distance world title winning the women's 500 m event. She won also silver medal in the 1000 m event at the Championships. At the 2017 World Sprint Championships, she won the women's competition. In the season, she became overall winner of ISU World Cup 500 m cup.
Kodaira took the top step also in every single ISU World Cup one in the 2017–18 season ahead of the Olympics.
She is the current world record holder in the 2×500 metres and the sprint combination, and the former world record holder in the 1000 metres and the team sprint, as well as the current Olympic and Japanese record holder in the 500 metres.
At the 2018 Winter Olympics, Kodaira won gold medal in the women's 500 m event and the silver medal in the women's 1000 m event respectively. In the former, she also set an Olympic record and became the first woman to break the 37-second barrier at sea level, as well as the first female Japanese Olympic champion in speed skating. In April 2022, Kodaira announced that she will retire from speed skating in October after a final race at the national single distances championship to be held in her hometown Nagano.
Records
Personal records
World records
Olympic records
References
External links
1986 births
Japanese female speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Japan
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in speed skating
Olympic gold medalists for Japan
Olympic silver medalists for Japan
Speed skaters at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Speed skaters at the 2017 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2017 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games medalists in speed skating
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games bronze medalists for Japan
Sportspeople from Nagano Prefecture
Universiade medalists in speed skating
Living people
World Single Distances Speed Skating Championships medalists
World Sprint Speed Skating Championships medalists
Universiade gold medalists for Japan
Universiade silver medalists for Japan
Universiade bronze medalists for Japan
Speed skaters at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Medalists at the 2007 Winter Universiade
20th-century Japanese women
21st-century Japanese women
Charles Henry "Chick" Agnew Jr. (August 11, 1894 – August 19, 1942) was an American football player and coach and college athletics administrator. He grew up near Whitewater, Wisconsin, and attended Whitewater State Teachers College. He was a star football and baseball player who received a bachelor's degree in 1917. He was the athletic director and head coach for the Whitewater State Teachers College athletic teams from February 1920 until his death from heart disease in August 1942 at age 48.
References
External links
1894 births
1942 deaths
Basketball coaches from Wisconsin
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks athletic directors
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks baseball coaches
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks baseball players
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks football coaches
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks football players
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks men's basketball coaches
People from Jefferson County, Wisconsin
Sportspeople from the Milwaukee metropolitan area
Tyrone Lamar Washington (born September 16, 1976) is a former American professional basketball player. He played college basketball at Mississippi State University before being drafted by the Houston Rockets in the 1999 NBA draft. However, he played professionally overseas and in the NBA Development League.
Early life and college
Born in East St. Louis, Illinois, Washington graduated from Gentry High School in Indianola, Mississippi in 1995. Gatorade named Washington the Mississippi Boys' Basketball Player of the Year in his senior year, and Washington also was a fourth-team All-American pick by Parade magazine.
In his freshman year with the Mississippi State Bulldogs men's basketball team, Washington was a backup center behind future NBA player Erick Dampier. Washington averaged 1.8 points and 2.1 rebounds as a freshman; he also blocked 13 shots and made 41% of field goal tries and 60% of free throw attempts. After the NBA drafted Dampier in 1996, Washington became the starting center. In 1996–1997, Washington co-led the Southeastern Conference (SEC) in blocked shots (2 blocks per game), and his 7.9 rebounds per game was the second-most in the conference. In 1998, Washington was a third-team all-SEC pick.
Professional career
Washington made his professional debut with the Italian team Banca Popolare Ragusa of Serie A2 in the 1999–2000 season. In the middle of the following season, he joined Viola Reggio Calabria then played 35 games with Fabriano Basket in 2001–2002. With Fabriano, Washington averaged 9.9 points and 7.1 rebounds. He also played semi-pro with the San Angelo All-Stars of the Southwest Basketball League in 2000. In 2002, Washington joined the Los Angeles Clippers for NBA Summer League. After playing five games with the Serbian team KK Crvena zvezda, in which he averaged 8 points, 4.6 rebounds, and 1.4 assists per game, he signed with the Columbus Riverdragons for the season. With the Riverdragons, Washington played 37 games and started 27 games, scored an average of 8.2 points, grabbed 4.4 rebounds, and made 0.8 assists per game.
Washington played with Galatasaray of the Turkish Basketball League in the 2003–2004 season. He was released in April 2004. The following month he signed with Purefoods Tender Juicy Giants of the Philippine Basketball Association. On July 23, 2004, he signed with the Italian team Scafati Basket.
In 2005, the Fujian Xunxing of the Chinese Basketball Association drafted Washington as the second overall pick of international players. With Fujian, Washington averaged 27.3 points and 12.6 rebounds per game in 2005–2006 season. By the end of March 2006, Washington signed with the Capitanes de Arecibo of Baloncesto Superior Nacional of Puerto Rico. With the Capitanes, Washington played in four games during April 2006, including a 28-point performance on April 7. The Henan Jigang Dragons of the CBA drafted Washington as the top overall pick in 2006.
The Busan KT Sonicboom of the Korean Basketball League drafted Washington as the top pick in the second round of the 2007 KBL draft. In February 2008, he signed with Al-Ittihad Aleppo of the Syrian Basketball League. On May 20, 2008, Washington debuted with the Puerto Rican team Cariduros de Fajardo. In 3 games, Washington averaged 7 points and 6.7 rebounds.
References
External links
Mississippi State bio (archived)
Fujian Xunxing stats (archived, in Chinese)
Profile — TheDraftReview.com
Doudiz stats for Washington, 2000-2003
1976 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in Serbia
American expatriate basketball people in South Korea
American expatriate basketball people in Syria
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Andrea Costa Imola players
Baloncesto Superior Nacional players
Basketball players from Illinois
Suwon KT Sonicboom players
Capitanes de Arecibo players
Centers (basketball)
Columbus Riverdragons players
Fabriano Basket players
Fujian Sturgeons players
Galatasaray S.K. (men's basketball) players
Houston Rockets draft picks
KK Crvena zvezda players
Korean Basketball League players
Lega Basket Serie A players
Magnolia Hotshots players
Mississippi State Bulldogs men's basketball players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Power forwards (basketball)
Scafati Basket players
Shanxi Loongs players
Sportspeople from East St. Louis, Illinois
Viola Reggio Calabria players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Phtheochroa natalica is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in South Africa.
References
Endemic moths of South Africa
Moths described in 2005
Phtheochroa
Two and a Half Men is a CBS sitcom that premiered on September 22, 2003. Each episode's title is a phrase said by one of the characters in that episode. The three exceptions are the pilot episode and the episodes "Alan Harper, Frontier Chiropractor" (season 1) and "Frankenstein and the Horny Villagers" (season 2). The latter episode does fit the criterion, but the quote was part of a deleted scene which Chuck Lorre explains in the episode's vanity card.
Three episode titles are not direct quotes: "Twenty-Five Little Pre-Pubers Without a Snootful" (season 1), "Who's Vod Kanockers?" (season 4), and "Chocolate Diddlers or My Puppy's Dead" (season 8). Charlie states "I'm not going to face all those pre-pubers without a snootful", but the number twenty-five is never mentioned. Jake actually asks "Who is this Vod Kanockers that you speak of?"; however, on the DVD release, that episode is titled "Who Is This Vod Kanockers?". When Charlie sings his song called "Chocolate Diddlers", Alan only suggests that it sounds more like "My Puppy's Dead".
On March 13, 2014, Two and a Half Men was renewed for a 12th season, which was announced the following May to be the final season, and premiered on October 30, 2014. Jon Cryer was the only cast member to appear in every episode of the series.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2003–04)
Season 2 (2004–05)
Season 3 (2005–06)
Season 4 (2006–07)
Season 5 (2007–08)
Season 6 (2008–09)
Season 7 (2009–10)
Season 8 (2010–11)
Season 9 (2011–12)
Season 10 (2012–13)
Season 11 (2013–14)
Season 12 (2014–15)
Ratings
References
External links
Lists of American sitcom episodes
The montagne Grande Coulée (in English: Grande Coulée Mountain) is a mountain located at Saint-Paul-de-Montminy, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region Chaudière-Appalaches, Quebec, in Canada.
This mountain housed the Grande Coulée ski resort, an alpine ski center which was closed in 1999, and is now part of Appalachian Regional Park. It rises to 853 meters above sea level.
External links
Montagne Grande Coulée (Appalachian regional park)
Appalachian summits
Landforms of Chaudière-Appalaches
Notre Dame Mountains
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Mountains of Quebec under 1000 metres
The Beriev Be-112 is a proposed amphibian aircraft with two propeller engines, projected to carry 27 passengers. The Beriev firm lacks a production amphibian aircraft in this size.
Intended purposes of the Be-112 include passenger and cargo carriage, ambulance missions, surveillance, and search-and-rescue missions. Beriev also explored a version of the Be-112 with wing-mounted turboprop engines
Specifications (proposed)
References
Sources
beriev.com
Be-0112
Proposed aircraft of Russia
Amphibious aircraft
Twin-turboprop tractor aircraft
Indigofera linifolia, the narrowleaf indigo, is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae. It is very widely distributed from Sudan eastwards to the Indian Subcontinent, Southeast Asia, Malesia, New Guinea and Australia, and it has been introduced to Réunion and New Caledonia. Livestock can consume it as fodder, and in times of famine humans can grind and bake the seeds into bread. It grows on dry slopes, grasslands, and riversides.
References
linifolia
Flora of Sudan
Flora of Eritrea
Flora of Ethiopia
Flora of Yemen
Flora of Afghanistan
Flora of the Indian subcontinent
Flora of Indo-China
Flora of South-Central China
Flora of Taiwan
Flora of Java
Flora of the Lesser Sunda Islands
Flora of the Maluku Islands
Flora of the Philippines
Flora of New Guinea
Flora of Australia
Plants described in 1786
is a female Japanese voice actress and singer. After graduating from high school, she entered the Earth Star Entertainment agency and was very well received in the industry work in voice acting. She attended Shoto Actors Gymnasium. She is best known for voicing Nasuno Takamiya in the Teekyu series, Maria in Pupa and Misaki Toyoda in Wanna Be the Strongest in the World.
Filmography
Television animation
2012
Gon (manga) – Prairie dog child
Sengoku Collection – Dancer (ep 2)
Teekyu series – Nasuno Takamiya
World War Blue – Crystal
2013
Amnesia – Ikki Fan (6 episodes)
Wanna Be the Strongest in the World – Misaki Toyoda
Brothers Conflict – Audience Member A (ep 5); Female Student C (ep 2)
Mangirl! – Maid manager
Encouragement of Climb series – Classmate B (ep 1); Climber B (ep 9); Mother (ep 3); Additional Voices
2014
Nobunagun – Classmate (ep 3); Maria Williams (eps 1, 4-5, 7-13)
Pupa – Maria
2016
ReLIFE – Female Student (eps 2, 4); Girl (eps 1, 5); Girl B (ep 1); Volleyball Club Member B (ep 8)
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Japanese video game actresses
Japanese voice actresses
Voice actresses from Tokyo
21st-century Japanese singers
21st-century Japanese women singers
Ursel Air Base is a joint public/military airport located 10.2 km southwest of Eeklo near Ursel, East Flanders, Belgium.
History
The airfield was established in the summer 1939 for the Belgian Air Force. The 14th Company Aviation-Auxiliary laid down a grass landing strip 2,950 feet (900 meters) long. On 11 May 1940, Belgian Air Force moved here Fairey Foxes and Renard R16s for attacking the German invaders. Five days later the airfield was bombed the first time by Germans, that occupied the badly damaged base on 27 May. After the Battle of Belgium was over, it was taken over by the Luftwaffe and used as an airfield during the occupation period. In July 1940, the runway was re-laid in concrete and hangars and operational buildings restored. In autumn 1940, Germans assigned the airfield to the Corpo Aereo Italiano, the air corps sent by Regia Aeronautica for operations against Britain. Ursel was the base of 18° Gruppo, equipped with 50 Fiat CR.42 fighters, that arrived on 19 October.
Italian occupation created a diplomatic break between Italy and the Belgian government in exile which led to a Belgian offensive against Italian East Africa.
The area was liberated by British Army forces in September 1944, and Royal Engineers converted the airfield to Royal Air Force use, designating the field as Advanced Landing Ground B-67. Four squadrons of Hawker Typhoon fighter-bombers operated from the field, their mission being to break the resistance of German troops at the Dutch island of Walcheren, which controlled the entrance to the harbours of Antwerp. Once the entrance to Antwerp was cleared, the RAF moved out and the airfield was abandoned.
Ursel was used during Exercise Reforger 76 in August/September of that year for the re-assembly of the United States based US Army helicopters arriving by ship into Zeebrugge for onward deployment to Kitzingen, Germany.
Ursel remains a reserve base for the Belgian Air Component. It is available for civilian recreational use during weekends, and hosts two aeroclubs.
Bibliography
Haining, Peter The Chianti Raiders The Extraordinary Story of the Italian Air Force in the Battle of Britain London Robson 2005
See also
List of airports in Belgium
References
Ursel - ALG B.67
Johnson, David C. (1988), U.S. Army Air Forces Continental Airfields (ETO), D-Day to V-E Day; Research Division, USAF Historical Research Center, Maxwell AFB, Alabama.
External links
Ursel Flying Club
Airport record for Ursel Air Base at Landings.com
Belgian airbases
Airports in East Flanders
World War II airfields in Belgium
Airports established in 1935
Wuhan Five Rings Sports Center (), formerly known as Dongxihu Sports Center (), is a sports complex located in Dongxihu District, Wuhan, Hubei, China. The complex consists of a 30,000-seat multipurpose stadium, an 8,000-seat gymnasium and a 3,000-seat natatorium. It broke ground on April 1, 2017, and expected to open in March 2019. On December 26, 2018, Shenzhen Kaisa Culture & Sports Group won the operative right of the Sports Center for nine years.
References
Sports venues in Wuhan
Football venues in China
Athletics (track and field) venues in China
Multi-purpose stadiums in China
Sports venues completed in 2019
The Football NSW 2017 season was the fifth season of football in New South Wales under the banner of the National Premier Leagues. The competition consisted of four divisions across the state of New South Wales. The Premiers of the NPL NSW Men's 1 qualified for the national finals, playing-off to decide the champion of the 2017 National Premier Leagues.
League Tables
2017 National Premier League NSW Men's 1
The National Premier League New South Wales 2017 season was played over 22 rounds, with the regular season from March to August 2017.
Finals
Top scorers
2017 National Premier League NSW Men's 2
The 2017 National Premier League NSW Men's 2 was the fifth edition of the NPL NSW 2 as the second level domestic association football competition in New South Wales. 14 teams competed, playing each other twice for a total of 26 rounds, with the top team at the end of the year promoted to the NPL NSW Men's 1 competition.
Finals
2017 National Premier League NSW Men's 3
The 2017 National Premier League NSW Men's 3 was the fifth edition of the NPL NSW Men's 3 under the National Premier Leagues banner. 14 teams competed, playing each other twice for a total of 26 rounds.
Finals
2017 NSW State League
The 2017 NSW State League was the fifth edition of the State League under the National Premier Leagues banner. 10 teams competed, playing each other twice for a total of 18 matches.
Finals
2017 National Premier League NSW Women's 1
The 2017 National Premier League NSW Women's 1 was the fourth edition of the NPL NSW Women's competition to be incorporated under the National Premier Leagues banner. 10 teams competed, playing each other twice for a total of 18 rounds.
Finals
2017 Waratah Cup
Football NSW soccer clubs competed in 2017 for the Waratah Cup. The tournament doubled as the NSW qualifier for the 2017 FFA Cup, with the top five clubs progressing to the Round of 32, as well as the reigning National Premier Leagues champion (Sydney United 58). 147 clubs entered the qualifying phase, with the clubs entering in a staggered format.
The competition was won by Hakoah Sydney City East, their 7th title, defeating APIA Leichhardt Tigers.
In addition to the three A-League clubs (Central Coast Mariners, Sydney FC and Western Sydney Wanderers), the six qualifiers (APIA Leichhardt Tigers, Bankstown Berries, Blacktown City, Hakoah Sydney City East, Hills Brumbies and Sydney United 58) competed in the final rounds of the 2017 FFA Cup.
References
2017 in Australian soccer
The Jacobstads Wapen is a modern replica of an 18th-century galeas built in Jakobstad, Finland, between 1988 and 1994. She is built according to blueprints by the Swedish warship architect Fredrik Henrik af Chapman dating from 1755, the oldest vessel blueprints found in Finland. She is classified by the Finnish National Board of Navigation as a passenger, special-purpose vessel. The 18th century galleon Jacobstads Wapen was sold off in Amsterdam.
She has been used as a symbol for Jakobstad but as of late has encountered financial problems. She participated in the festivities at the 300 year anniversary of St. Petersburg, Russia, in 2003. In 2005 it was discovered that some of the woodwork had deteriorated and is currently awaiting renovations.
Specifications
Length: 82 ft (25 meters)
Length (overall): 131 ft (40 meters)
Bowsprit: 49 ft (15 meters)
Width: 25 ft (7.6 meters)
Draught: 8 ft (2.5 meters)
Sails: eight, total sail area 5 813sq/ft (540 square meters)
Main mast height: 105 ft (32 meters) above the waterline
Engines: 700 hp Volvo Penta
Ballast: 34.4 long tons (35 metric tons)
Speed: between 0 and 10 knots (often around 7 knots) under sail.
See also
Jakobstad
Sailing ships
Ship replica
External links
Photos of Jacobstads Wapen
Ships of Finland
Ships built in Finland
Jakobstad
Buildings and structures in Ostrobothnia (region)
Replica ships
Meie Mats, named after an Estonian folk song, is a prestigious yearly humour award issued since 1987 and originally initiated by Edgar Spriit, the chief editor of Pikker, a long-time Estonian humour magazine. The award is customarily announced on April 1, the April Fools' Day, and it can only be awarded to any person once, in recognition of his life work in the field of humour, satire and comedy.
See also
:Category:Recipients of Meie Mats
References
Estonian humour
Awards established in 1987
1987 establishments in Estonia
Estonian awards
Li-Ning Company Limited is a Chinese sportswear and sports equipment company founded by former Olympic gymnast Li Ning. The company endorses a number of athletes and teams worldwide.
History
The company was founded in 1989 by Li Ning, a former Chinese Olympic gymnast. As of 2015, Li Ning remains the Chairman of the company's board of directors. In 2005, Li-Ning created a joint-venture with French sports apparel company, AIGLE, giving Li-Ning the exclusive right to be the sole distributor of AIGLE's products in China for 50 years. In 2006, Li-Ning posted revenues of US$418 million, and total profits of about US$39 million. As of March 2007, there were 4,297 Li-Ning retail stores. The company directly owns some of the retail stores while others are franchised.
In January 2010, Li-Ning opened its U.S. headquarters and flagship store in Portland, Oregon. In 2010, as part of the 'Revitalization' of the brand, Li-Ning released a new logo and the new slogan "让改变发生" "Ràng Gǎibiàn Fāshēng" in Chinese, translated to "Let the Change Occur" in English. In January 2011, Li-Ning entered into a partnership with Chicago-based Acquity Group to expand its U.S. distribution and brand awareness.
In April 2012, Li-Ning was awarded the highest distinction of "Outstanding Contribution to Quality Standardization Award" in knitwear division at the Third National Textile Standardization Technical Committee's inaugural meeting held in Zhuhai, Guangdong. In September 2012, Li-Ning signed in to a partnership with NBA player Dwyane Wade.
In 2013, The Group recorded revenue of RMB2,906 million, which represents a decrease of 24.6% year-on-year, due to near-term focus on sell-in reductions, inventory clearance, and reducing the number of stores. The Group projected a net loss of up to 820 million yuan (US$13.19 million) for 2014, the third straight year where it was unprofitable.
In 2019, Li-Ning reported revenues increased 32 percen reached 13.87 billion yuan against 10.51 billion yuan a year ago. Net profit attributable to equity holders increased to ¥1.5 billion from ¥715.3 million which vaulted 110 percent.
In 2020, Li-Ning saw its revenue increase 4.2 percent year-on-year to 14.46 billion yuan ($2.22 billion), the net profit increased on a comparative basis by 34.2 percent to 1.7 billion yuan ($261 million).
Marketing
The company has used sponsorship deals, particularly with athletes and sports teams, both in China and abroad, to raise its profile.
In 2006, the company entered strategic collaborations with the National Basketball Association, the Association of Tennis Professionals, the Chinese University Basketball Association, and the Chinese Football Association. It also signed sponsorship deals with the Chinese national teams and the Sudan track and field team. The company will also provide apparel for the Argentina national basketball team at international events including the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics. A similar deal was made with the Swedish Olympic Committee.
Indian Olympic Association had signed a sponsorship deal with Li Ning for the Rio 2016 Summer Olympics.
In celebration of its 30th anniversary, the brand held a fashion show on January 18, 2020, during Paris menswear fashion week. The show also showcased a 10-piece capsule collection in collaboration with Jackie Chan and a sneaker done up with Dwyane Wade.
2008 Beijing Olympics
Li-Ning sought sponsorship opportunities related to the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China. The company arranged to outfit every presenter for broadcaster CCTV-5, the sports channel of the Chinese Central Television. Li-Ning also sponsored the Chinese national teams of Gymnastics, Table Tennis, Archery, and Diving. It also sponsored the Spanish basketball team, as well as the Argentine and Swedish Olympics teams.
In a now famous case of ambush marketing (a subset of guerilla marketing), when entire countries were tuned to the 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, millions saw Li Ning light the torch. Though the Li-Ning company was not an official sponsor of the games, it had still associated itself with the games through its role as an equipment supplier for several Chinese Olympic teams, and through Li's status as a Chinese sports and business icon. Consequently, the ceremony generated tremendous exposure for Li's eponymous company to the chagrin of official sports apparel supplier Adidas, as viewers did not realize that he had been fully dressed in Adidas as per its sponsorship rights to the Games. The company's share price increased by over 3% on the first day of trading after the opening ceremony.
Sponsorship
Li-Ning was an official marketing partner of the National Basketball Association and has/had sponsorship deals with ten players: Baron Davis (retired), Shaquille O'Neal (retired), Damon Jones (retired), José Calderón (retired), Cleanthony Early of the Rio Grande Valley Vipers, Glenn Robinson III of the Golden State Warriors, Evan Turner of the Atlanta Hawks, Dwyane Wade of the Miami Heat (lifetime contract), and CJ McCollum of the Portland Trail Blazers.
In 2006, O'Neal signed a four-year deal with Li-Ning, reportedly worth US$1.25 million, the largest deal made by the company, and the highest profile signing of an American sports star by a Chinese company. O'Neal cited former teammate Damon Jones and the Spanish national basketball team's deal with Li-Ning as influences on his decision to sign with Li-Ning.
Previously, Li-Ning also operated as shirt sponsor for the Vietnam national football team from 2006 to 2008, which saw Vietnam's prominent rise to successes in 2007 AFC Asian Cup and 2008 AFF Championship.
In 2010, Li-Ning became the official shirt sponsor for Tajikistan's tennis team, as well as for FC Istiklol.
In 2012, Dwyane Wade left the Jordan Brand for Li-Ning. The deal is worth $10 million.
In 2019, Li-Ning announced that it would not do business with the Houston Rockets after the General Manager of the NBA team tweeted in support of the 2019–20 Hong Kong protests. Also, Li-Ning along with Sunlight Sports Pvt. Ltd. (representative and distributor of Li-Ning in India) signed sponsorship deals with Indian badminton players P V Sindhu and Kidambi Srikanth.
Olympic Committees
Indonesian Olympic Committee
Mexican Olympic Committee
Basketball
Beijing Ducks
Guangdong Southern Tigers
Shanghai Sharks
Zhejiang Lions
Kuala Lumpur Dragons
Capitanes de Ciudad de México
Cleanthony Early
Glenn Robinson III
Evan Turner
Frank Mason III
CJ McCollum
D'Angelo Russell
Jimmy Butler
Udonis Haslem
Fred VanVleet
Football
National football
(Asian Games and Sea Games only)
Club football
Shaanxi Chang'an Athletic F.C.
Wuhan Three Towns
F.C. Chitwan
Jawalakhel YC
Viettel FC
Hunan Billows
Tennis
Tajikistan Fed Cup team
;Winter sports people
Max Parrot
Formerly
;Basketball Players
Baron Davis
Shaquille O'Neal
Damon Jones
José Calderón
Dwyane Wade
Former Club football
Espanyol (2010-2012)
Celta de Vigo (2010-2012)
Sevilla (2011-2012)
Tractor SC (2017-2018)
Persepolis (2018-2019)
Esteghlal Khuzestan
Puebla (2018-2019)
Vardar (2008-2012)
Istiklol (2010-2012)
Phu Dong (2019-2022)
Former National football teams
Environmental practices
In July 2011, Li-Ning - along with other major sportswear and fashion brands including Nike, Adidas and Abercrombie & Fitch - was the subject of a report by the environmental group Greenpeace entitled 'Dirty Laundry'. Li-Ning, along with Abercrombie & Fitch, Adidas, Bauer Hockey, Calvin Klein, Converse, Cortefiel, H&M, Lacoste, Nike, Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation (PVH Corp) and Puma, were accused of working with suppliers in China who, according to the findings of the report, contribute to the pollution of the Yangtze and Pearl Rivers. Samples taken from one facility belonging to the Youngor Group located on the Yangtze River Delta and another belonging to the Well Dyeing Factory Ltd. located on a tributary of the Pearl River Delta revealed the presence of hazardous and persistent hormone disruptor chemicals, including alkylphenols, perfluorinated compounds and perfluorooctane sulfonate.
References
External links
Athletic shoe brands
Badminton equipment manufacturers
Sporting goods manufacturers of China
Chinese brands
Chinese companies established in 1990
Civilian-run enterprises of China
Companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
Companies based in Beijing
Retail companies of China
Shoe brands
Shoe companies of China
Sporting goods brands
Sportswear brands
The men's 400 metres event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 17 and 18 October.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Semifinals
Final
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
Nurney may refer to:
Nurney, County Carlow, Ireland
Nurney, County Kildare, Ireland
Nurney GAA (County Kildare)
David Nurney, artist
The Lost Books of the Bible and the Forgotten Books of Eden (1926) is a collection of 17th-century and 18th-century English translations of some Old Testament Pseudepigrapha and New Testament apocrypha, some of which were assembled in the 1820s, and then republished with the current title in 1926.
History of the translations
Rutherford Hayes Platt, in the preface to his 1964
reprint of The Lost Books of the Bible and the Forgotten Books of Eden states:
"First issued in 1926, this is the most popular collection of apocryphal and pseudepigraphal literature ever published."
The translations were first published, under this title, by an unknown editor in The Lost Books of the Bible Cleveland 1926, but the translations had previously been published many times.
The book is, essentially, a combined reprint of earlier works. The first half, Lost Books of the Bible, is an unimproved reprint of a book published by William Hone in 1820, titled The Apocryphal New Testament, itself a reprint of a translation of the Apostolic Fathers done in 1693 by William Wake, who later became the Archbishop of Canterbury, and a smattering of medieval embellishments on the New Testament, from a book by Jeremiah Jones (1693–1724), posthumously published in 1736. In the three centuries since these were originally published, a great deal more is known about the Apostolic Fathers (including a good deal of the original text that was not available in 1693) and New Testament apocrypha.
The second half of the book, The Forgotten Books of Eden, includes a translation originally published in 1882 of the "First and Second Books of Adam and Eve", translated first from ancient Ethiopic to German by Ernest Trumpp and then into English by Solomon Caesar Malan, and a number of items of Old Testament pseudepigrapha, such as reprinted in the second volume of R.H. Charles's Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha of the Old Testament (Oxford, 1913).
More modern translations of these works include J. H. Charlesworth, ed. Old Testament Pseudepigrapha; W. Schneemelcher, ed. New Testament Apocrypha; and M. R. James, The Apocryphal New Testament.
Past of The Lost Books of the Bible
♦ = attributed to the Apostolic Fathers
The Protevangelion
The Gospel of the Infancy of Jesus Christ
The Infancy Gospel of Thomas
The Epistles of Jesus Christ and Abgarus King of Edessa
The Gospel of Nicodemus (Acts of Pilate)
The Apostles' Creed (throughout history)
The Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Laodiceans
The Epistles of Paul the Apostle to Seneca, with Seneca's to Paul
The Acts of Paul and Thecla
♦ The Epistles of Clement (The First and Second Epistles of Clement to the Corinthians)
♦ The Epistle of Barnabas
♦ The Epistle of Ignatius to the Ephesians
♦ The Epistle of Ignatius to the Magnesians
♦ The Epistle of Ignatius to the Trallians
♦ The Epistle of Ignatius to the Romans
♦ The Epistle of Ignatius to the Philadelphians
♦ The Epistle of Ignatius to the Smyrneans
♦ The Epistle of Ignatius to Polycarp
♦ The Shepherd of Hermas (Visions, Commands, and Similitudes)
Letter of Herod To Pilate the Governor
Letter of Pilate to Herod
The Lost Gospel of Peter
♦ The Epistle of Polycarp to the Philippians
Contents of The Forgotten Books of Eden
The Conflict of Adam and Eve with Satan (The First and Second Book of Adam and Eve)
The Secrets of Enoch (also known as the Slavonic Enoch or Second Enoch)
The Psalms of Solomon
The Odes of Solomon
The Letter of Aristeas
The Fourth Book of Maccabees
The Story of Ahikar
Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs
1. Books of the Apocrypha:
First and Second Esdras (150-100 BC)
Tobit (200 BC)
Judith (150 BC)
Additions to Esther (140-130 BC)
Wisdom of Solomon (30 BC)
Ecclesiasticus, otherwise known as The Wisdom of Jesus son of Sirach (132 BC)
Baruch (150-50 BC)
Letter of Jeremiah (300-100 BC)
Song of the Three Holy Children, an addition in the Greek version of Daniel 3 (170-160 BC)
Susanna (200-0 BC)
Bel and the Dragon (100 BC)
Additions to Daniel, or the Prayer of Azariah (200-0 BC)
Prayer of Manasseh (100-0 BC)
First Maccabees (110 BC)
Second Maccabees (110-170 BC)
2. Books of the Pseudepigrapha:
Epistle of Barnabas
First (and Second) Epistle of Clement to the Corinthians
The letter of the Smyrnaeans (also known as The Martyrdom of Polycarp)
The Shepherd of Hermas
The Book of Enoch
The Gospel of Judas (130-170 AD)
The Gospel of Thomas (140-170 AD)
The Psalms of Solomon
The Odes of Solomon
The Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs
Second Baruch
The Books of Adam and Eve
The Acts of Phillip
The Apocalypse of Peter
The Gospel of the Nativity of Mary
The Gospel of Nicodemus
The Gospel of the Saviour's Infancy
The History of Joseph the Carpenter
The Acts of Paul (Including Paul and Thecla)
The Seven Epistles of Ignatius
The Epistle of Polycarp to the Philippians
References
Edgar J. Goodspeed, Modern Apocrypha (Boston, Beacon Press, 1956), chapt. 15.
External links
}
1926 non-fiction books
17th-century Christian texts
18th-century Christian texts
Ancient Christianity
Ancient Christian controversies
Apocrypha
Books about the Bible
Books about Christianity
Christian Greek pseudepigrapha
Christianity in late antiquity
Early Christianity
Old Testament apocrypha
Old Testament pseudepigrapha
Works of uncertain authorship
1st-century Christianity
Robert Abensur is a French philatelist who was appointed to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 2018. He has been president of the Académie de philatélie since 2002. He was made a chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres in 2009.
References
French philatelists
Living people
Signatories to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists
Philatelic authors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Shahidullah Kaiser (16 February 1927 – disappeared 14 December 1971) was a Bangladeshi novelist and writer. He was awarded Bangla Academy Literary Award in 1969, Ekushey Padak in 1983 and Independence Day Award in 1998.
Early life and education
Kaiser was born in the Mazupur village (in present-day Feni District) as Abu Nayeem Mohammad Shahidullah. He studied at secondary education from Amirabad BC Laha High School, sonagazi, Feni, He also studies Presidency College, Kolkata and obtained a bachelor's degree in economics with honours. Later, he enrolled in master's of arts at Calcutta University but did not complete the degree.
Family
Kaiser's wife, Panna Kaiser, is an author and novelist. She served as a member of the parliament for the Awami League government from 1996 to 2001. Kaiser's daughter, Shomi Kaiser, is a television actress. His son, Amitav Kaiser, is a banker.
Politics and journalism
Kaiser was active in politics and cultural movements from his student days. Following the formation of Pakistan in 1947, he joined the provincial Communist Party of East Pakistan. He started working as a journalist in 1949 with the Ittefaq in Dhaka. In 1952, he participated actively in the Language Movement. For his political role in the movement for protection of Bengali language, Kaiser was arrested on 3 June 1952. He was later jailed for three and a half years. Right after his release in 1955, he was again arrested and jailed on a political crackdown on activists. A few years later he was released. In 1958, Kaiser joined as an associate editor of The Sangbad – a Bengali language daily – where he worked for the rest of his life. When the military coup of 1958 put Ayub Khan in power, and martial law was proclaimed, Kaiser was arrested again on 14 October 1958 and remained in jail for four years till his release in September 1962.
Disappearance
Kaiser collected medicine and food and delivered those to the posts such as one being Sufia Kamal's house, from where the freedom fighters picked those up for their training outpost.
At the end the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971, the Pakistan Army and its local collaborators initiated a plan for killing the leading Bengali intellectuals. As a part of it, Kaiser was rounded up on 14 December 1971. He never returned, nor was his body ever found. It is assumed that he was executed along with other intellectuals. His brother, Zahir Raihan, a notable film-maker, also disappeared while searching for Kaiser.
In early December 1971, Kaiser cautioned Sufia Kamal to leave Dhaka, but he himself did not leave and got caught in the hand of the Pakistani Army.
On 3 November 2013, Chowdhury Mueen-Uddin, a Muslim leader based in London, and Ashrafuz Zaman Khan, based in the United States, were sentenced in absentia after the court found that they were involved in the abduction and murders of 18 people – nine Dhaka University teachers, six journalists including Kaiser and three physicians – in December 1971.
Chowdhury Mueen-Uddin denied the charges in an interview aired by Al Jazeera in August 2013.
Bibliography
Sareng Bau (The Captain's Wife, 1962)
Rajbandir Rojnamacha (The Diary of a Political Prisoner, 1962)
Sangshaptak (The Indomitable Soldiers, 1965)
Peshwar Theke Tashkhand (From Peshwar to Tashkent, 1966)
Krishnachura Megh (Delonix regia Clouds)
Timir Balay (The Circle of Darkness)
Digante Phuler Agun (The Flaming Horizon)
Samudra O Trsna (Sea and Thirst)
Chandrabhaner Kanya (Chandrabhan's Daughter)
Kabe Pohabe Bibhabari (When Will It Dawn?) (unfinished)
Filmography
TV Series
Songsoptok (The Indomitable Soldiers, 1971)
Awards
Adamjee Literary Award, 1962
Bangla Academy Literary Award, 1969
Ekushey Padak, 1983
Independence Day Award, 1998
See also
1971 East Pakistan Intellectuals massacre
List of journalists killed in Bangladesh
List of people who disappeared
References
1927 births
1970s missing person cases
20th-century Bangladeshi male writers
20th-century novelists
Bangladeshi male novelists
Bengali novelists
Missing people
Missing person cases in Bangladesh
People from Feni District
People killed in the Bangladesh Liberation War
Presidency University, Kolkata alumni
Recipients of Bangla Academy Award
Recipients of the Adamjee Literary Award
Recipients of the Ekushey Padak
Recipients of the Independence Day Award
Surendranath Law College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Elizabeth Falconer (born July 20, 1956) is one of the few American masters of the koto, a traditional zither from Japan. Unusually, she is licensed in two koto schools in Japan. She began playing the koto in 1979. She earned a junshihan (associate degree) from the Seiha Koto School, studying under Nagane Utayumi. This school focused on classical works. She later moved to Tokyo and studied under the esteemed Sawai Kazue and Sawai Tadao at the Sawai Koto School, and earned a Shihan (master's license) at the Sawai Koto School, which focuses on contemporary works. She is an admirer of the work of Sawai Kazue.
Falconer holds a BA in Japanese Studies from the University of Oregon, an MA in Japanese Pedagogy, and a PhD in International Education, writing her dissertation on koto teaching methods in Japan. Her works for koto are published in Japan. She has earned numerous awards for her work combining Japanese folktales with original koto music and has produced over 10 albums on her label, Koto World.
External links
Elizabeth Falconer official site (archived)
1956 births
Living people
Koto players
American folk musicians
University of Oregon alumni
Place of birth missing (living people)
The vice president of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan was the second highest political position attainable in the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. The vice presidents were elected on the same ticket as the president. A presidential candidate was responsible for nominating two candidates for vice president before the election.
Republic of Afghanistan (1973—1978)
Democratic Republic of Afghanistan
The deputy head of state was the Vice Chairman (or Vice President) of the Revolutionary Council between April 1978 and April 1988.
Republic of Afghanistan
Vice presidents were appointed after the new constitution and elections took place.
Four vice presidents were appointed by president and approved by the National Assembly.
Islamic State of Afghanistan
Vice presidents were appointed by the president.
Afghan Interim Administration
During the Afghan Interim Administration and the Afghan Transitional Administration, when the Loya Jirga hadn't appointed a new Constitution yet, there were more than two vice chairmen of the interim administration.
Islamic Republic of Afghanistan
After 2004, Vice Presidents are elected on the same ticket as the President.
References
External links
Vice Presidents of Afghanistan
List of current Vice Presidents
Afghanistan
Chloe Harris is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera Emmerdale, played by Jessie Elland. She made her first appearance on 20 August 2021. Chloe was introduced as the sister of Gemma Harris, a dead teenager whose heart was given to Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill) in a transplant. Elland was attracted to the role as she felt that Chloe is a well-written character and she felt a responsibility to do the role justice when she was cast. Chloe is characterised as a sweet and genuine person who is secretly struggling with feelings of sadness, anger, and frustration. This is initially explained through her grief for her dead sister, but later into her tenure, it is revealed that she has a controlling father who is in prison. Chloe's family home is installed with several cameras and her father hires numerous people to watch over her. Eventually, Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton), her housekeeper, helps her to escape and invites her to live with Kerry in Emmerdale village. Elland has since hinted that her father could be cast on the series in the future.
When Chloe moves into the village, she forms a relationship with Noah Dingle (Jack Downham). She eventually loses interest in him and has casual relationships with Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) and Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter). This led to the introduction of a stalking storyline for Chloe, when Noah forms an unhealthy and sexist obsession with Chloe. The storyline saw him tracking her location, letting himself into her room, photographing her and her belongings and eventually holding her hostage when she learns of his obsession. Elland praised Emmerdale for covering a storyline about misogyny and sexism, a topic she described as "such a relevant conversation, especially in this day and age". She also felt privileged to be given an important topical storyline. Viewers did not initially trust Chloe and were unsure of her intentions with Sarah, but as her tenure progressed, they have warmed to her.
Casting and characterisation
Jessie Elland was cast as Chloe in May 2021 and it was announced by ITV on 20 August 2021, the day her first scenes were transmitted. The initial audition for the role was a self-tape video, and a week after submitting it, Elland was invited into the Emmerdale studios for a screen test. She joked that the studios reminded her of an IKEA shop due to the sets being next to each other in a "maze of rooms"; she was also "in awe at the attention to detail in each set". She was nervous for the screen test since it was her first in-person audition in her career, but considered herself lucky to be doing a scene with Karen Blick. One week later, Elland received a phone call from her agent to inform her that she had secured the role. A week after being cast, Elland began filming, an experience she described as a "whirlwhind" due to the fast-paced nature of the soap. She looked forward to her costume fitting and was pleasantly surprised by the costuming the team had devised for Chloe. She was also grateful to the team for allowing her to keep her natural red hair colour for the character, since she did not feel that darker hair would suit her.
It was confirmed that Chloe's entrance would be linked to Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill) and she was introduced as the sister of Gemma Harris, a dead teenager whose heart was given to Sarah in a heart transplant three years prior to her introduction. When she received information on the character, Elland felt that Chloe was well-written and felt a responsibility to put lots of work into the role and "do the part justice". Chloe is characterised as "very sweet and genuine, eager to please and make connections with people, but underneath it all she is struggling with a lot of sadness, anger, and frustration." Elland explained that the darker side of Chloe has come from experiences throughout her life that have made her old beyond her years, which she felt had given Chloe determination to go out and get what she wants. She also said how Chloe is not afraid to speak her mind and that she is used to getting what she wants. Elland initially found it difficult to relate to her character since she found her to be "naïve, vulnerable, and super sweet". However, as she got further into her tenure, she discovered similarities to Chloe, with one example being that they both value sisterhood. She also resonated with Chloe's determined streak.
Development
Meeting Sarah Sugden and troubled family life
Prior to her arrival, Leeds Live wrote that Chloe's storyline with Sarah would form a major storyline on the soap. Chloe's reason for looking for Sarah comes from a place of desperation since she feels desperate to talk about Gemma and the memories she has of her, since that opportunity had been denied by her family. Elland said that another reason was due to wanting a good thing to come from something as tragic as losing her sister. When the pair first meet, Chloe has "a lot of expectations, worries, and questions" and places a lot of pressure on both herself and Sarah. The meeting is unsuccessful when both of the characters get overwhelmed and due to the failure, Chloe experiences "an even bigger mix of emotions" but feels grounded when she eventually forms a friendship with Sarah. Elland confirmed that despite their initial friendship, there would be "a rocky road ahead" in the pair's storyline.
When she meets with Sarah, Chloe receives numerous phone calls which she averts and then suddenly declares that she has to leave. Viewers predicted that these hints had formed the start of a "sinister storyline" for the character. In scenes aired in September 2021, Chloe opens up to Sarah and Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) about her troubled family life. She admits that she is lonely without her sister, as well as that her father is not present in her life, and she eventually "crumbles into tears". Sarah becomes puzzled about Chloe's home life when she makes a habit of gifting Sarah expensive jewellery. After much speculation from viewers about Chloe's intentions with Sarah, her home life was explored on-screen in November 2021. Laura Norton, who plays Chloe's housekeeper Kerry Wyatt, revealed that Chloe is "mistreated and controlled" by her father Damon, who is in prison, as well as the men who he employs.
Norton said in the off-screen time that the characters have spent together, Kerry has become protective over Chloe. Kerry knows that Damon is a dangerous man and is scared of him, but is trusted with responsibilities aside from cleaning that include interacting with Chloe, which led to their bond. Norton added although Damon is in prison, he is aware of everything that happens in the house. She explained: "He's got men working for him that watch every move she makes, and his daughter makes. CCTV in every room in the house, they're being watched, they're being followed. Everything they spend, everywhere they go, every conversation they have. They have to be incredibly careful." When asked what she pictures when she thinks of Damon, Elland said that she imagines him to be a "stereotypical Northern man with a big ginger beard" and named Sean Bean as an example. Chloe eventually moves in with Kerry. Chloe and Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) are "on guard with each other at first" but they eventually form a sisterly bond, which Elland said was an interesting dynamic to explore. Elland found it interesting that Damon, an off-screen character, had had such an influence on Chloe's personality, but hinted that he could eventually appear on the soap after he leaves prison. The actress was enthusiastic about the potential of introducing Damon and opined that a lot could happen for Chloe if the "gangster" arrived.
Relationship with Noah Dingle and stalking ordeal
Upon her casting, Metros Duncan Lindsay confirmed that Chloe would form a friendship with Noah. Eventually, Noah forms romantic feelings for Chloe, which disgusts Sarah since she feels that he will ruin her friendship with Chloe. He begins telling people that she is his girlfriend, which Chloe is shocked to learn. However, after meeting him in secret a few times, Chloe forms romantic feelings for Noah, which their families are not pleased about. Kerry and Noah's mother Charity (Emma Atkins) ban the pair from seeing each other, due to feeling that their relationship would bring trouble for both families. Elland compared the couple's situation to Romeo and Juliet and noted that they see each other as a "way to be happy and free". In a bid to be together, they plan an escape from the village, and Chloe begins to see Noah as an "escape route" from her controlling father. She confirmed that although her character does like Noah, but her main reason for executing the plan is to escape her home. However, they are soon found and took back home. Elland said that the runaway scenes were fun to film since she enjoyed working with Downham on location and the weather was nice at the time.
After Chloe loses interest in Noah, she has sex with Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant). She is hurt when he claims that it was "just sex" to him, and after Noah learns of it, he loses his temper and brands her a "dirty slapper". He attempts to apologise to Chloe and brings her flowers, but she affirms that he is toxic and his wording was unacceptable. He snaps once again, throwing the flowers across the room and calling her a "village bike". The Metros Calli Kitson worried for Chloe if Noah were to show more of his "sexism and toxic attitude". Lindsay (Metro) later confirmed that the story regarding Noah and Chloe was heading in a dark direction and said that he is capable of evil to pursue Chloe, despite her not wanting a relationship. Chloe spends the night with Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter), which Noah discovers. In an attempt to get Chloe back on his good side, he offers to take her for a drink to which she declines. Noah is "left angered by the apparent lack of reward for his apology" and is angered further when he learns of Chloe's fling with Nate.
Speaking on the storyline, Elland said that Chloe had set her sights on Nate, who rejects her. Chloe then has to "deal with not getting her own way" and Noah takes advantage of Chloe's vulnerable state by getting close to her. His sudden change of attitude leads her to think Noah has "turned over a new leaf" and makes her keen to patch up her bond with him. However, Chloe sees her connection to Noah as a friendship. Elland explained that Chloe is engrossed in her feelings for Nate which means she cannot see that Noah's dishonest apologies and bad attitude. Chloe enjoys having somebody to confide in, but Elland confirmed that the storyline would eventually take a twist. She praised Emmerdale for covering a storyline about misogyny and sexism, a topic she described as "such a relevant conversation, especially in this day and age". She also felt privileged to be given an important topical storyline. Noah buys Chloe concert tickets, but uninterested in going with him, she leaves him for Nate. This leaves Noah "feeling vengeful" and a "dark choice" leads him to steal her phone. He plants a tracker on her phone so that he can show up in the same places as her, which he claims are coincidences. He pretends to have found her missing phone, and with Chloe thankful for him, he uses Chloe's gratitude to his advantage by getting her to agree to a date. Later, he buys a drone and flies it outside her bedroom window, recording her. Noah then steals her keys, lets himself into her bedroom and snoops around, taking photographs of her belongings, including her underwear drawer. However, she comes home unexpectedly, and he hides in her wardrobe.
In early May 2022, Chloe was featured as "the storyline of the week" when Noah takes her hostage. Chloe is horrified to find thousands of photographs of herself and her belongings on her laptop which prove that he has been stalking her for weeks. She confronts him on the photographs, and Noah reacts badly, by refusing to let her leave and holding her mouth as she tries to scream for help. Downham, who portrays Noah, said that in his research for the storyline, he learned that many stalkers do not realise what they are doing is wrong. He found that Noah is the same, as he believes he is just trying to get Chloe's attention. On the impact Noah's stalking has on Chloe, Elland said that she is not only disgusted by his behaviour, but also reminded of how her father treated her. It affects Chloe especially since Noah knew how she had been treated by Damon, a piece of information that Elland found crucial to use when portraying how shaken Chloe is. On his comeuppance, Chloe feels conflicted. This is due to her wanting him to face justice for his cruel actions, but since he was someone that "she really liked and had a relationship with", her feelings almost hold her back. She also feels scared of the Dingle family's support for him. Elland found the character's response interesting from an acting perspective since Chloe is a strong character who wants to "put on a brave face" and appear okay, but inside, there is a lot going on. Despite his constant belief that he has done nothing wrong to Chloe, he pleads guilty in court and is sentenced to three months in prison.
Reception
Elland was shocked to have been recognised after only one of her episodes had been transmitted. She was out with a friend in Leeds and was pleasantly surprised to be approached by a viewer of the show who said they were a fan of hers and wanted a photo with her. Elland found that viewers did not initially trust Chloe and were protective of her intentions with Sarah. However, once she had been developed beyond the storyline with Sarah, she found that people were "starting to warm to her".
See also
List of Emmerdale characters (2021)
References
Emmerdale characters
Female characters in television
Teenage characters in television
Fictional victims of crime
Television characters introduced in 2021
Slaughter may refer to:
Animals
Animal slaughter, killing animals for food
Ritual slaughter, the practice of slaughtering livestock for meat in a ritual manner
Dhabihah, the prescribed method of ritual slaughter of animals excluding camels, locusts, fish and most sea life in Islamic law
Shechita, the ritual slaughter of mammals and birds according to Jewish dietary laws
Slaughterhouse, the place where animals are killed for food
Murder
Murder
Manslaughter
Massacre
Mass murder
People
Slaughter (surname)
Sgt. Slaughter (born 1948), stage name of Robert Rudolph Remus, a pro wrestler
Places
Lower Slaughter, in Gloucestershire, England
Upper Slaughter, also in Gloucestershire
Slaughter, Louisiana, United States
Slaughter, Washington, United States renamed Auburn, Washington February 21, 1893
Slaughter Lane, a former name of Brewer Street, Oxford, England
Entertainment
Film
Slaughter (1972 film), a 1972 film starring Jim Brown and Stella Stevens
Snuff (film), originally titled Slaughter in 1972, retitled for its wider 1976 release
Slaughter (2009 film), a 2009 film from After Dark Films
Music
Slaughter (band), an American hard rock band
Slaughter (Canadian band), a Canadian thrash metal band
"Slaughter" (song), Billy Preston's theme song to the 1972 film of the same name
Slaughter (album), a 2015 album by Young Wicked
The Slaughter, an album by American heavy metal band Incite
Slaughter & the Dogs, a British punk band
Slaughterhouse (group), an American hip hop group
Other
Chicago Slaughter, professional indoor football team
Slaughter and May, a City of London law firm
Slátur, an Icelandic food like haggis or blood pudding
See also
Bloodbath (disambiguation)
Butchering
Viviane Elder (born 23 May 1904 in Rennes, France – 21 October 1960 in Cannes, France) was an aviator, driver and actress from France.
In April 1936, Elder and two passengers caused concern when they were delayed for two days during a car rally in the Saharan desert. The magazine La Vie Arienne published a cover story on Elder titled "Viviane Elder - Perdue et Retrouvee" ("Lost and Found").
In 1948, Elder finished third in the 1100cc category race at the 18th Grand Prix des Frontières at Chimay, Belgium. Later the same year, she finished eighth in the Coupes du Salon race. In 1949, Elder competed in the 24 Hours of Le Mans car race in a Simca Huit, but did not finish.
Filmography
The Miracle Child (1932)
Mephisto (1931)
References
1904 births
1960 deaths
French aviators
French women aviators
Aviation pioneers
French racing drivers
French female racing drivers
20th-century French women
The Fountain of Youth is a 1956 television pilot directed by Orson Welles for a proposed Desilu Productions anthology series that was never produced. Based on a short story by John Collier, the short film narrated onscreen by Welles stars Dan Tobin, Joi Lansing and Rick Jason. The Fountain of Youth was televised once, on September 16, 1958, on NBC's Colgate Theatre. It received the prestigious Peabody Award for 1958, the only unsold television pilot ever to be so honored.
Production
The Fountain of Youth is a 1956 television pilot for an anthology series that was never produced. It was broadcast once, on September 16, 1958, on NBC's Colgate Theatre. The short film was written and directed by Orson Welles, based on the short story "Youth from Vienna" by John Collier. Joi Lansing and Rick Jason star as a narcissistic couple faced with an irresistible temptation concocted by a scientist (Dan Tobin). Welles himself is also much in evidence as onscreen narrator.
"It was intended to inaugurate a series of short stories Welles would narrate and direct in the First-Person Singular style of his Mercury Theatre on the Air and Campbell Playhouse radio series, but with his innovative radio techniques adapted for the visual intimacy of the newer medium," wrote Welles biographer Joseph McBride. "Welles described it to me as his only 'film conceived for the box'. The vaudeville-show tone and blackout style, suited to the 1920s setting, lend unsettling dark humor to this fable about human vanity … As the faintly sinister host, Welles is so ubiquitous a presence, sometimes even mouthing the characters words, that he becomes their puppet master, darkly amused by their self-destructive foibles."
Desi Arnaz conceived the series and proposed that Welles host and narrate every episode — combining his gift for storytelling with the intimacy of television. "When I made my deal with Orson for the pilot, I was trying to develop an anthology series which would include The Fountain of Youth," Arnaz wrote, "and the kind of stories Edgar Allan Poe is famous for, like 'The Pit and the Pendulum'." Working with Desilu art director Claudio Guzmán, Welles used an innovative process of stills and live action, Arnaz recalled:
We used still pictures and "hold frames," and a lot of the stuff they think is so new today. If we wanted to show a guy making a successful play for a girl, we would use four still pictures: he's looking, she's looking, he's winking, she's winking, hold frame. It was almost a comic-strip technique and hadn't been used on television.
"I was very fond of it, that way of doing it," Welles recalled. "It was based entirely on back projection, there was no scenery. We just took the props from the prop department and put them behind the screen, and a few little things in front. It was entirely ad lib. … And of course it's the only comedy I've ever made on film. I used to do an awful lot of comedy in the theatre, and radio. But in film I've always been pretty solemn."
Most published reports that the pilot was costly and over schedule were refuted by Welles scholar Bill Krohn, who studied the Desilu files. Filming took five days, May 8–11 and 14, 1956. The total cost was $54,896 — nearly $5,000 over budget but about half the cost of the first episode of I Love Lucy. Before signing the deal Arnaz had clarified the finances with Welles: "I am not RKO. This is my 'Babalu' money," Arnaz told him. "I never had any trouble with Orson," Arnaz wrote.
Arnaz reported that CBS gave the series a slot, with General Foods as a sponsor, but the challenges in getting Welles to commit to a series lasting 30 to 38 weeks daunted them and the series did not go on the air.
Leading man Rick Jason devoted a chapter called "Orson Welles and Feet of Clay" in his online autobiography, Scrapbooks of My Mind, to the making of the film, carefully detailing the unique approaches Welles employed to arrive at the film's striking result. In a May 2000 discussion at the Paley Center for Media Jason described his difficulties in working with Welles.
The Fountain of Youth remains available for viewing at the Paley Center for Media in New York City and Los Angeles. Paramount Pictures owns the film and reportedly believes there is no market for it on home video.
Cast
In order of onscreen credits:
Dan Tobin as Humphrey Baxter
Joi Lansing as Carolyn Coates
Rick Jason as Alan Brody
Nancy Kulp as Stella Morgan
Billy House as Albert Morgan
Madge Blake as Journalist (uncredited)
Orson Welles as Host / narrator
Accolades
Awards
The Fountain of Youth was broadcast September 16, 1958, on NBC-TV's Colgate Theatre. It received a special 1958 Peabody Award, announced in April 1959 by Peabody board chairman Bennett Cerf:
To Orson Welles, for the wit, originality, and insouciance of The Fountain of Youth, NBC, one of the merriest, most irreverent half-hours of the year 1958, this special Peabody Award is given.
"It was the only unsold pilot ever to win the then most coveted award in television," wrote executive producer Desi Arnaz.
Subsequent recognition
"Hollywood at this time was just getting into film production for TV", said Ron Simon, curator of the Museum of Television & Radio in Beverly Hills, California, where the film screened in 2000. "Welles obviously had a much greater vision. It would have been interesting if he could have tried to do this on a weekly basis."
"The best measure of how far ahead of its time this experimental but unpretentious program was in 1958 is that it still seems avant-garde compared with anything yet seen on American commercial television," wrote biographer Joseph McBride.
See also
List of American films of 1958
References
External links
The Fountain of Youth (September 16, 1958) at the Paley Center for Media
The Fountain of Youth on YouTube
1958 films
1958 drama films
American drama short films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Orson Welles
Peabody Award-winning broadcasts
English-language television shows
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
is the second major single from the Japanese pop group Cute, released on July 11, 2007 on the Zetima label. The limited edition features a DVD with the PV.
It is a danceable upbeat number.
The single debuted at number 5 in the Oricon Weekly Singles Chart, remaining in the chart for 4 weeks.
This song was being used in the anime as the second opening song.
Track listing
Charts
Awards
Japan Cable Awards
They are sponsored by the .
|-align="center"
| 2007
| align="center"| "Meguru Koi no Kisetsu"
| Cable Music Award
|
References
External links
Meguru Koi no Kisetsu entry on the Up-Front Works official website
2007 singles
Cute (Japanese idol group) songs
Japanese-language songs
Song recordings produced by Tsunku
Songs written by Tsunku
Zetima Records singles
2007 songs
Tram route 9 is a route in the Antwerp tram network connecting the Eksterlaar neighborhood in southern Deurne with Linkeroever using the Antwerp premetro network between Plantin and Van Eeden stations. The present day route was officially opened on September 1, 2012, as part of a revision of the network map.
History
Historic route (-1953)
The first tram route 9 originally operated a route between the Van Schoonbekeplein, near the Eilandje neighborhood, and Antwerpen Berchem station, using a trajectory via Meirbrug, the Stadspark and Dageraadplaats. In 1953 however, tram tracks were broken up, and the route was replaced by bus route 9, following the same itinerary. Later, bus route 9 was extended from Berchem station to the Fruithoflaan, also in Berchem.
After the opening of the new tram route, the operation of bus route 9 was suspended. The trajectory between Berchem station and the Fruithoflaan was transferred to the newly created bus routes 90, 91 and 92, which subsequently continue there itinerary to Mortsel and either Lier, Waarloos or Kontich. In 2014, the trajectory of these lines was slightly modified to better service the Fruithoflaan, resuming the old route of bus line 9 in the street, which had previously not been the case.
Present day route (2012-)
On September 1, 2012, the new tram route 9 was officially opened on the Linkeroever-Eksterlaar trajectory as a part of a large scale redrawing of the Antwerp public transport network. The new route replaced tram route 11 on the Eksterlaar-Berchem station trajectory, as this route had been shortened to the latter, and introduced a new premetro connection between Berchem and Linkeroever. Between Berchem station and Plantin premetro station, the route uses a part of the tram network and a premetro entrance that had previously only been in use for trams running between their depot and destined lines, although it had already been used temporarily in 1988 by route 8 and in the 1990s by route 11 due to construction works on their original trajectories.
On this trajectory was, along with the opening of route 9, also built a new tram stop named Zurenborg, being located in the famous Art Nouveau Zurenborg neighborhood. This stop is currently the only one in the entire Antwerp tram network making use of an island platform. Because trams in Antwerp do in general only have doors on the right side of the vehicle, the trams on route 9 are required to drive on the left side of the road when halting at the stop.
Colour
Trams on route 9 use combination of white text, depicting the number 9 and the destination, and an orange background.
Rolling Stock
Most trams on route 9 are of the more modern HermeLijn type. However, older coupled PCC cars can still sporadically been seen on the route.
References
External links
http://www.delijn.be, the operator of all public transport in Antwerp.
Antwerp Premetro
Elizabeth Emily Paschen (February 26, 1927 - March 14, 2019) was a Canadian environmentalist and former provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada. She served as Leader of the Alberta Greens from its founding in 1990 to 1996.
Political career
Paschen became leader of the Alberta Greens after founder Norman Conrad moved out of the province. She first ran for provincial office in a by-election held in the Edmonton-Strathcona electoral district on October 18, 1990. Paschen received 4.54% of the vote and finished fifth out of sixth place, losing to Barrie Chivers a candidate for the New Democrats. She finished ahead of Social Credit leader Robert Alford.
Paschen lead the party into the 1993 Alberta general election. The party did not make much of an impact as it only fielded a slate of 11 candidates winning 0.20% of the popular vote and finishing second last over all. Paschen ran for a second time in Edmonton-Strathcona. Her popular vote was cut in half from the by-election and she only took 1.5% of the popular vote.
After retiring from provincial politics, Paschen moved to Ontario and became a wind farm operator.
Paschen died on March 14, 2019.
References
1927 births
2019 deaths
Alberta Greens candidates in Alberta provincial elections
Female Canadian political party leaders
Women in Alberta politics
Leaders of the Alberta Greens
Ellis Dwight Rainsberger Sr. (October 20, 1932 – July 17, 2021) was an American football and Canadian football player, coach, and scout. He served as the head football coach at Washburn University (1962–1964), Southern Illinois University Carbondale (1966), and Kansas State University (1975–1977), compiling a career college football record of 27–42–1. Rainsberger was the head coach of the USFL's Pittsburgh Maulers for part of the 1984 season, tallying a mark of 1–7. He was most recently a scout with the Tennessee Titans (2000–2004) and Miami Dolphins (2005–2007) of the National Football League (NFL).
Playing career
Rainsberger was a three-year football letterman at Kansas State University in the 1950s, as well as a two-time All-Big Eight Conference selection. He was also a letterman for the Kansas State wrestling team.
Coaching career
Rainsberger served as the head football coach at NAIA-level Washburn University from 1962 to 1964, posting a record of 17–10 and winning a conference championship in 1964. His record at Washburn ranks him ninth in terms of total wins and tenth in terms of winning percentage. He became the 11th head football coach at Southern Illinois University Carbondale for one season in 1966, tallying a record of 4–5–1. Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach at Kansas State from 1975 to 1977. He started his tenure there while, winning his first three games, but ultimately compiled a record of 6–27. Rainsberger left Kansas State with the program placed on probation for giving too many scholarships.
Following his termination at Kansas State, Rainsberger served as offensive coordinator for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League from 1978 to 1982. He spent the 1983 season as an assistant coach with the Denver Gold of the USFL. In 1984, he was interim head coach of the Pittsburgh Maulers for the second half of the season. The head coach he replaced, Joe Pendry, had been Rainsberger's offensive coordinator at Kansas State. During his long career, Rainsberger has also held a number of assistant coaching positions in the college ranks. He worked as an assistant coach at the Drake University (1959–1961), the University of Kansas (1965), the University of Illinois (1967–1972), the University of Wisconsin–Madison (1973–1974), and the University of Toledo (1989–1991).
Head coaching record
References
1932 births
2021 deaths
American football offensive linemen
Drake Bulldogs football coaches
Illinois Fighting Illini football coaches
Kansas Jayhawks football coaches
Kansas State Wildcats football coaches
Kansas State Wildcats football players
Kansas State Wildcats wrestlers
Miami Dolphins scouts
Southern Illinois Salukis football coaches
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Tennessee Titans scouts
Toledo Rockets football coaches
Toronto Argonauts coaches
Washburn Ichabods football coaches
Winnipeg Blue Bombers coaches
Wisconsin Badgers football coaches
United States Football League coaches
NCAA sanctions
The no-hiding theorem states that if information is lost from a system via decoherence, then it moves to the subspace of the environment and it cannot remain in the correlation between the system and the environment. This is a fundamental consequence of the linearity and unitarity of quantum mechanics. Thus, information is never lost. This has implications in black hole information paradox and in fact any process that tends to lose information completely. The no-hiding theorem is robust to imperfection in the physical process that seemingly destroys the original information.
This was proved by Samuel L. Braunstein and Arun K. Pati in 2007. In 2011, the no-hiding theorem was experimentally tested using nuclear magnetic resonance devices where a single qubit undergoes complete randomization; i.e., a pure state transforms to a random mixed state. Subsequently, the lost information has been recovered from the ancilla qubits using suitable local unitary transformation only in the environment Hilbert space in accordance with the no-hiding theorem. This experiment for the first time demonstrated the conservation of quantum information.
Formal statement
Let be an arbitrary quantum state in some Hilbert space and let there be a physical process that transforms with . If it is independent of the input state , then in the enlarged Hilbert space the mapping is of the form
where is the initial state of the environment, 's are the orthonormal basis of the environment Hilbert space and denotes the fact that one may augment the unused dimension of the environment Hilbert space by zero vectors.
The proof of the no-hiding theorem is based on the linearity and the unitarity of quantum mechanics. The original information which is missing from the final state simply remains in the subspace of the environmental Hilbert space. Also, note that the original information is not in the correlation between the system and the environment. This is the essence of the no-hiding theorem. One can in principle, recover the lost information from the environment by local unitary transformations acting only on the environment Hilbert space. The no-hiding theorem provides new insights to the nature of quantum information. For example, if classical information is lost from one system it may either move to another system or can be hidden in the correlation between a pair of bit strings. However, quantum information cannot be completely hidden in correlations between a pair of subsystems. Quantum mechanics allows only one way to completely hide an arbitrary quantum state from one of its subsystems. If it is lost from one subsystem, then it moves to other subsystems.
Conservation of quantum information
In physics, conservation laws play important roles. For example, the law of conservation of energy states that the energy of a closed system must remain constant. It can neither increase nor decrease without coming in contact with an external system. If we consider the whole universe as a closed system, the total amount of energy always remains the same. However, the form of energy keeps changing. One may wonder if there is any such law for the conservation of information. In the classical world, information can be copied and deleted perfectly. In the quantum world, however, the conservation of quantum information should mean that information cannot be created nor destroyed. This concept stems from two fundamental theorems of quantum mechanics: the no-cloning theorem and the no-deleting theorem. But the no-hiding theorem is the ultimate proof of the conservation of quantum information. The importance of the no-hiding theorem is that it proves the conservation of wave function in quantum theory. This had never been proved earlier. What was known before is that the conservation of entropy holds for a quantum system undergoing unitary time evolution and if entropy represents information in quantum theory, then it is believed then that information should somehow be conserved. For example, one can prove that pure states remain pure states and probabilistic combination of pure states (called as mixed states) remain mixed states under unitary evolution. However, it was never proved that if the probability amplitude disappears from one system, it will reappear in another system. Thus, one may say that as energy keeps changing its form, the wave function keep moving from one Hilbert space to another Hilbert space. Since the wave function contains all the relevant information about a physical system, the conservation of wave function is tantamount to conservation of quantum information.
References
Theorems in quantum mechanics
Quantum information theory
Neath Port Talbot County Borough stretches from the south coast of Wales up to the southern edge of the Brecon Beacons. The 93 scheduled monuments include 43 prehistoric sites which include a stone circle, standing stones, burial mounds and chambered tombs. The six Roman sites are all connected to military occupation. There are 18 medieval sites which include abbeys, castles and churches. The 26 post-medieval sites are mostly connected to over 400 years of industrial activity in the area. All of the sites on this list (and the whole of Neath Port Talbot County Borough) are within the historic county of Glamorgan. Five of the sites lie on or cross the border into neighbouring counties, and are included on both lists.
Scheduled monuments have statutory protection. It is illegal to disturb the ground surface or any standing remains. The compilation of the list is undertaken by Cadw Welsh Historic Monuments, which is an executive agency of the National Assembly of Wales. The list of scheduled monuments below is supplied by Cadw with additional material from RCAHMW and Glamorgan-Gwent Archaeological Trust.
Scheduled monuments in Neath Port Talbot
See also
List of Cadw properties
List of castles in Wales
List of hill forts in Wales
Historic houses in Wales
List of monastic houses in Wales
List of museums in Wales
List of Roman villas in Wales
Grade I listed buildings in Neath Port Talbot
Grade II* listed buildings in Neath Port Talbot
References
Coflein is the online database of RCAHMW: Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales, GGAT is the Glamorgan-Gwent Archaeological Trust, Cadw is the Welsh Historic Monuments Agency
Neath Port Talbot
Lithops dorotheae is a species of Lithops found in South Africa. It was named after Dorothea Huyssteen, who discovered the plant in 1935. It grows on fine-grained sheared quartz and feldspar rock containing feldspathic quartzite.
References
dorotheae
The men's doubles event at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held from 26 to 29 June at the Tarragona Tennis Club.
Corentin Denolly and Alexandre Müller of France, won the gold medal, defeating Aziz Dougaz and Anis Ghorbel of Tunisia, in the final, 4–6, 7–6, [12–10].
Sarp Ağabigün and Anıl Yüksel of Turkey, won the bronze medal, defeating Gonçalo Falcão and Bernardo Saraiva of Portugal in the bronze medal match, 6–2, 3–6, [11–9].
Medalists
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Draw
Tennis at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Spipiyus Provincial Park is a 2,979 hectare provincial parks in British Columbia, Canada. Also known as the Caren Range, Spipiyus Park is north of Halfmoon Bay on the Sechelt Peninsula. It protects pockets of old-growth forest, prime habitat for the marbled murrelet. There are hiking trails that lead to Mount Hallowell with views of the islands and fjords of Pender Harbour, the Strait of Georgia and Vancouver Island.
External links
BC Parks Webpage
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Sunshine Coast Regional District
Protected areas established in 1999
1999 establishments in British Columbia
Kirchdorf is a municipality in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kelheim (district)
Peter Simple may mean:
Peter Simple (novel), an 1834 seafaring novel by Marryat
Peter Simple (horse), a racehorse that won the Grand National twice
Peter Simple, pseudonym of and newspaper column by the British journalist Michael Wharton
Elisabetta Gonzaga (1471–1526) was a noblewoman of the Italian Renaissance, renowned for her cultured and virtuous life. A member of the House of Gonzaga, she was a sister of Francesco II Gonzaga, Marquess of Mantua and by marriage the Duchess of Urbino. Because her husband, Duke Guidobaldo da Montefeltro, was impotent, Elisabetta never had children of her own, but did adopt her husband's nephew and heir, Francesco Maria I della Rovere.
Life
Elisabetta was born in Mantua, Italy, the second daughter of Federico I Gonzaga, Marquess of Mantua and Margaret of Wittelsbach. Her brother was Francesco II Gonzaga.
She married Guidobaldo da Montefeltro, the duke of Urbino, in 1489. Guidobaldo was sickly and impotent, and they had no children, but Elisabetta refused to divorce him and nursed him through his illnesses. After his death, Elisabetta refused to marry.
Elisabetta's education led her to a life in the company of some the greatest minds of late 15th century Italy. Her court attracted writers, artists, and scholars.
Her nobility gave her contact and involvement in the power politics of 16th century Italy. She was the sister-in-law of Isabella d'Este, an influential Renaissance patron and political figure. Despite having poor health, Elisabetta was known to be a great horsewoman and would frequently attend hunts in the countryside around Urbino.
On 21 June 1502 Cesare Borgia occupied Urbino, putting to flight Guidobaldo and forcing Elisabetta to remain in Mantua, where she had been staying as a guest. She remained there until 1503 and then joined Guidobaldo in Venice. They were restored to power in 1504. Having no children they adopted in the same year Francesco Maria I della Rovere, the child of Guidobaldo's sister, who was then fourteen, to secure the succession.
In 1502 Elisabetta reluctantly accompanied Lucrezia Borgia on her journey to Ferrara, where Lucrezia was married to Alfonso I d'Este. An eyewitness described her at the wedding thus:
Following Guidobaldo's death in 1508 at the age of 36 she continued to live in Urbino as regent to the underage heir.
In 1509 Francesco Maria I was married to Eleonora Gonzaga, Elisabetta's niece, further consolidating the dynasty. Eleonora's mother was the first lady of the renaissance, Isabella d'Este.
However, in June 1516 she was expelled from Urbino by Pope Leo X, who wanted to give the duchy to his nephew Lorenzo de' Medici, Duke of Urbino (Lorenzo II di Piero, called "Lorenzino"). Together with her niece Eleonora Gonzaga and without a penny, they found refuge in Ferrara, where Elisabetta died in 1526.
Cultural references
Elisabetta Gonzaga was immortalized by the writer Baldassare Castiglione, whose work of 1528, The Courtier, was based on his interactions and conversations with her.
A portrait of her around the years 1504 to 1506 is attributed to the artist Raphael and is in the Uffizi gallery, Florence, Italy.
References
Further reading
Sarah Bradford, Lucrezia Borgia, Milano, Mondadori, 2005.
Maria Bellonci, Lucrèce Borgia (1991),
David Englander,Culture and Belief in Europe, 1450-1600: An Anthology of Sources, Published by Blackwell Publishing, 1990 page 77
Paula Findlen, The Italian Renaissance: The Essential Readings, published by Blackwell Publishing, 2002, page 35
Marcia B. Hall, The Cambridge Companion to Raphael, published by Cambridge University Press, 2005, page 29
Baldassare Castiglione,The Book of the Courtier, Translated by Leonard Eckstein Opdycke, Published by Courier Dover Publications, 2003, Page 320 (note 12 to page 2)
External links
Project Continua: Biography of Elisabetta Gonzaga Project Continua is a web-based multimedia resource dedicated to the creation and preservation of women's intellectual history from the earliest surviving evidence into the 21st Century.
1471 births
1526 deaths
E
Italian patrons of the arts
Nobility of Mantua
15th-century Italian women
16th-century Italian nobility
Duchesses of Urbino
Italian salon-holders
Tofig Shamil oghlu Safaraliyev (, January 1, 1932 — July 19, 1983) was an Azerbaijani statesman, Minister of Industrial Construction of the Azerbaijan SSR (1979–1983), Deputy of the 10th convocation of the Supreme Soviet of the Azerbaijan SSR.
Biography
Tofig Safaraliyev was born on January 1, 1932. After graduating from the Azerbaijan Industrial Institute in 1954, he worked as an engineer, department head and chief mechanic at Baku refineries. For a number of years he was chief specialist and group leader in the construction of oil refineries in Iraq and Egypt, as well as economic adviser to the USSR embassy in India. From 1962 to 1966 Tofig Safaraliyev headed the Vladimir Ilyich New Baku Oil Refinery.
In 1974, Tofig Safaraliyev was appointed Deputy Minister of Oil Refining and Petrochemical Industry of the Azerbaijan SSR, in 1975 he became the First Deputy Minister of Industrial Construction, and in 1979 he became the Minister of Industrial Construction of the Azerbaijan SSR.
Tofig Safaraliyev was elected a member of the Soviet Communist Party in 1956 and was a deputy of the 10th convocation of the Supreme Soviet of the Azerbaijan SSR. He was elected a member of the Central Committee at the XXX Congress of the Communist Party of Azerbaijan. He was awarded the Order of Lenin and the Badge of Honor, as well as three USSR medals. He was awarded the honorary title of "Honored Engineer of the Azerbaijan SSR".
Tofig Safaraliyev died on July 19, 1983. He was buried in the Alley of Honor on July 21.
References
External links
1932 births
1983 deaths
Burials at Alley of Honor
Azerbaijan Communist Party (1920) politicians
Azerbaijan State Oil and Industry University alumni
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
The government of Shapour Bakhtiar is the last government during the Pahlavi dynasty that ended with the Islamic Revolution. The head of this 37-day government, Shapour Bakhtiar, was one of the leaders of the National Front. The National Front of Iran had announced in a statement on December 29, 1978 that if Bakhtiar accepted the post of Prime Minister, he would be expelled from the National Front. The day after the Prime Minister was received, his dismissal was voted on at a meeting of the Central Council, and his dismissal was decided by an overwhelming majority.
Background of government formation
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, whose government was in decline, was looking for someone to agree to leave Iran on acceptable and confidential terms. To this end, he first met with Ahmad Bani Ahmad and Karim Sanjabi and asked them to accept the Prime Minister of the government. Citing a three-point declaration and opposing the army remaining in the royal family and the Shah refusing to step down as commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces, Sanjabi refused to accept a compromise with the Shah.
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi then met with Muzaffar Baghaei and Gholam Hossein Sedighi, other leaders of the National Front, and offered to take over the government, but each of them refused to accept the government for some reason. The Shah's offer to the Prime Minister to Siddiqui and Baqaei failed because they both made the acceptance of the Shah's offer conditional on Mohammad Reza Pahlavi remaining in Iran but not in Tehran. The two argued that the Shah's personal presence in Iran, because of his close ties to the army, maintained the unity and cohesion of the army.
Bakhtiar, a member of the Central Council of the National Front, presented the seven conditions (the Shah should leave the country and pledge to reign from now on and not the government, the choice of ministers is unique, SAVAK to be dissolved (deportation of 14 soldiers) Stubbornly, including Gholam-Ali Oveissi), political prisoners should be released, conditions for press freedom should be provided, the Pahlavi Foundation should be transferred to the government, and the imperial commission interfering in all matters should be removed) and agreed to head a civilian government. The Shah accepted all of his terms and appointed him Prime Minister.
Bakhtiar introduced his government and its plan to the parliament on December 11, 1978. On December 17, 1978, Bakhtiar and his ministers received a vote of confidence from the parliament with 149 votes in favor, 43 against and 13 abstentions. Farah Pahlavi left the country.
Cabinet
Members of Bakhtiar's cabinet were as follows:
See also
Iranian Revolution
References
External links
1979 establishments in Iran
1979 disestablishments in Iran
Cabinets disestablished in 1979
Cabinets of Iran
Cabinets established in 1979
China Behind (再見中國) is a 1974 Hong Kong movie, directed by Tang Shu Shuen. The film painted a bleak portrait of communist China and the desire to escape, yielding a thirteen-year ban by British colonial authorities, that was lifted in 1987.
The film was shot in Taiwan with official authorization, and the cinematography was done by renowned Taiwanese photographer Chang Chao-tang (張照堂).
Synopsis
The plot concerns four college students seeking escape to Hong Kong at the start of the 1966 Maoist Cultural Revolution in Mainland China.
Reception
The film was selected as one of the "Best 100 Chinese Motion Pictures" during the 24th Hong Kong Film Awards ceremony on 27 March 2005. It was also selected for inclusion in Hong Kong Film Archive's "100 must-see Hong Kong movies" in 2011.
References
External links
IMDb entry
Hong Kong Cinemagic entry
Hong Kong Movie Database entry
1974 films
Hong Kong films
1970s Mandarin-language films
1970s Hong Kong films
The discography of Dave East, an American rapper, consists of one studio album, two collaborative studio albums, fifteen mixtapes, one extended play (EP), and nineteen singles (including thirteen as a featured artist).
Albums
Studio albums
Collaboration albums
Mixtapes
EPs
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Guest appearances
References
External links
Discographies of American artists
Hip hop discographies
Earthly Possessions is a 1977 novel by Anne Tyler. This, Tyler's seventh novel, followed Celestial Navigation and Searching for Caleb and preceded her award-winning novels Morgan's Passing, Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant, The Accidental Tourist, and Breathing Lessons.
Plot
Thirty-five-year-old Charlotte Emory has felt trapped her whole life in Clarion, Maryland—first by her embarrassingly eccentric parents, then by her preacher-husband whom she married too young, and eventually by "his variously afflicted brothers, a daughter who won't answer to her own name, a house full of refugees, an impossible clutter." She finally decides to run away from it all, rid herself of her "earthly possessions," and start over. When she goes to the bank to withdraw funds for her escape, she gets taken hostage during a holdup. Prison escapee Jake Simms forces Charlotte into a stolen car and they head for Florida.
"Earthly Possessions…contains a chilling portrait of a habitual criminal, Jake Simms, Jr., who blames every destructive and chaotic act of his own on someone else. He kidnaps our heroine, the surpassingly amiable Charlotte Emory because while he was robbing a bank a bystander happened to produce a gun. "I could be clean free," he tells his victim, "and you safe home with your kids by now if it wasn't for him. Guy like that ought to be locked up." As the chase continues, and the kidnapping lengthens into a kind of marriage, he persuades himself, "it ain't me keeping you it's them. If they quit hounding me then we could go our separate ways…" This is perfect loser psychology, the mental technology of digging a bottomless pit; but Anne Tyler would have us believe that Jake is saved from falling in by the doll-like apparition of a wee seventeen-year-old girl he has impregnated, Mindy Callender."
Jake Simms' mission—besides avoiding arrest—is to "rescue" Mindy from a "home for wayward girls" where she is preparing to have his child. If Mindy is the essence of pure innocence, then Charlotte Emory is the earthbound mooring for this homeless couple—at least for a time. One irony here is that, when she was taken hostage, Charlotte herself was in the process of withdrawing her savings to run away from her own family and home. This is not the first time Charlotte has intended to run away, with no real plan or expectations. Charlotte has escaped one trap to find herself in another, but perhaps this "adventure" will provide her a new perspective.
Reviews
In 1977, John Leonard wrote, "That part of Earthly Possessions spent on the road--gas stations and junk food--amounts to a Rabbit, Run without the Updike epiphanies. The rest is skillful flashback....I admit not being entirely sympathetic to the wry fatalism she proposes, to the notion that we travel enough in our heads to make leaving home almost redundant. Celestial Navigation (1974) and Searching for Caleb (1976) were more satisfying novels. But a taste of Anne Tyler, once acquired, is a splendid addiction."
John Updike reviewed the novel in The New Yorker: "Anne Tyler, in her seventh novel, 'Earthly Possessions', continues to demonstrate a remarkable talent and, for a writer of her acuity, an unusual temperament....Small towns and pinched minds hold room enough for her; she is at peace in the semi-countrified, semi-plasticized northern-Southern America where she and her characters live. Out of this peace flow her unmistakable strengths—serene firm tone; her smoothly spun plots; her apparently inexhaustible access to the personalities of her imagining; her infectious delight in "the smell of beautiful, everyday life"; her lack of any trace of intellectual or political condescension—and her one possible weakness: a tendency to leave the reader just where she found him....Charlotte Emory...belongs to what is becoming a familiar class of Anne Tyler heroines: women admirably active in the details of living yet alarmingly passive in the large curve of their lives—riders on male-generated events, who nevertheless give those events a certain blessing, a certain feasibility."
Adaptation for TV
Earthly Possessions (TV) (1999) stars Susan Sarandon, Stephen Dorff, and Elisabeth Moss. "The eventual romance [between Jake and Charlotte is] an element invented for the movie. [It] doesn't disrupt the original sentiment of the story, but could easily have been left out without compromising the emotional development of the characters."
References
American novels adapted into films
Novels by Anne Tyler
American novels adapted into television shows
1977 American novels
The Centro de Treinamento George Helal (George Helal Training Center), commonly known as Ninho do Urubu ("The Vulture's Nest," in Portuguese) is the training ground and youth team headquarters of Brazilian football club Flamengo. It is located in the Vargem Grande neighborhood, in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The construction on the complex began in 2011 and the club began use of the facilities in mid 2012. Between 2015 and 2016, major additions were implemented at the complex including more football pitches, a medical center, and Center of Excellence in Performance (CEP). The total construction cost of the campus is approximately R$30 million. Construction of the entire complex was completed in 2016.
On the morning of February 8, 2019 a fire broke out in the living quarters of several youth academy players while they were sleeping. Ten players between the ages of 14 and 17 were killed, and three others were hospitalized with burn injuries.
History
The property where the complex is located was acquired on August 30, 1984 by president George Helal, but the start of construction was delayed for many years. At the time, the land was purchased for Cr$300 million (Brazilian cruzeiro). The real estate was later valued at R$350 million, an increase of 6,900 %. On May 21, 2011 under the management of club president Patricia Amorim, the site was authorized for construction. The total land area is 140,000 m².
Facilities
Press room
On 30 November 2016 after the LaMia Airlines Flight 2933 airplane crash, Flamengo announced that would name the Ninho do Urubu press room after Victorino Chermont. Victorino, one of the victims of the crash, was a journalist of Fox Sports Brazil who had worked for many years covering Flamengo and was a known club supporter.
2016 Summer Olympics
During Rio 2016 the facilities were used by Brazil U23 and Argentina U23 football teams. The agreement to use the space was signed between Flamengo and the Rio 2016 Organizing Committee.
February 8, 2019 fire
On the morning of February 8, 2019, a fire erupted at the Ninho do Urubu living quarters. The fire resulted in the deaths of ten academy players between the ages of 14 and 17 training with the club. Three others were injured. The cause of the fire was a malfunctioning air-conditioning unit that caught fire in the room of one of the victims close to 5:00. The location of the fire was the temporary living quarters in a newly expanded section of the campus. The state Labor Ministry launched a task force to determine if any preventative actions could have been taken, and to ensure that the families of the victims would be accommodated.
The victims of the fire were Athila Paixão (14 years old), Arthur Vinícius de Barros Silva Freitas (14), Bernardo Pisetta (14), Christian Esmério (15), Jorge Eduardo Santos (15), Pablo Henrique da Silva Matos (14), Vitor Isaías (15), Samuel Thomas Rosa (15), Gerdson Santos (14), and Ryckelmo de Souza Viana (17).
Kauan Emanuel Nunes (14 years old), Francisco Diogo Alves (15) and Jhonathan Cruz Ventura (15) were hospitalized with injuries; Jhonathan's condition was the most severe.
Club president Rodolfo Landim described it as "the worst tragedy the club has ever experienced in its 123 years." The governor of the state of Rio de Janeiro declared a three-day period of mourning following the tragedy.
External links
References
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
George Helal
Zenzo Tameike is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 0.8 km2. The dam impounds about 2 ha of land when full and can store 249 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1927.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1927 establishments in Japan
Antonio Catalano, also called Catalani or il Siciliano, (1560–1630) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and early-Baroque periods.
Biography
He was born in Messina, Sicily, where he probably received some training from his father Antonio Catalano the Elder, also a painter, or one of the brothers, Francesco or Giovanni Simone Comande. Both the elder Catalano and the Comandè brothers were pupils of Diodato Guinaccia in Messina. He is thought to have studied in Rome, and strongly influenced by Federico Barocci. He painted a Nativity for the church of the Capuchins at Gesso, near Messina.
Sources
1560 births
1630 deaths
Painters from Messina
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Renaissance painters
Cockerell's fantail (Rhipidura cockerelli) or the white-winged fantail, is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. It is found throughout the Solomon Islands (archipelago).
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Cockerell's fantail
Endemic birds of the Solomon Islands
Cockerell's fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ithu Thaanda Police () is a 2016 Indian Malayalam-language comedy drama film directed by debutant director Manoj Palodan. It stars Asif Ali in the lead role alongside Abhirami, Janani Iyer, Sajitha Madathil and Sruthi Lakshmi. The story revolves around the life of a lone male police officer as the driver of eleven female officers, inspired by Asia's first women's police station, inaugurated in 1973 in Kozhikode. The film's shoot started on 7 July 2014, in Thodupuzha.
Synopsis
This movie deals with the difficulties faced by Ramakrishnan (Asif Ali), when he is appointed as a driver at Elathur Police Station. There, he has to deal with Arundhathi Varma, a fiery sub-inspector. He realizes that the police officers are behoved to protect a minister and his family. He is also assigned the responsibility to guard the daughter of the minister (Janani Iyer). At the station they have to deal with Xavier (Sunil Sukhada), an industrialist and a wrongdoer, hand in gloves with the police CI Razak (Sudheer Karamana), who were planning to ruin Arundhathi and her team's reputation.
Cast
Asif Ali as Ramakrishnan
Janani Iyer as Niya Menon
Abhirami as Arundhati Varma
Sajitha Madathil as Lathika
Sruthi Lakshmi as Mumthas
Krishna Praba as Annamma
Neena Kurup as Elsamma
Sunil Sukhada as Xavier
Sudheer Karamana as CI Razzak Hussain
Sneha Sreekumar as Tintu
Amit Kumar Vashisth as Ramdev/Musafir
Thampi Antony as Mukunthan Menon
Irshad as SP
Sethulakshmi as Lady at bus
Baiju VK as Havildar
Shaju as Chettiyar
Thodupuzha Vasanthy as Arundathi's Grandmother
Pradeep Kottayam as Rasheed
Ullas Panthalam as Vakkeel
Production
Asif Ali was signed to play the lead role, police jeep driver Ramakrishnan, with the actor saying that he was living the role since he was the only male actor among an all-woman cast. Ramya Krishnan was supposed to play the role of the sub-inspector Arundhati Varma, but she had to opt out due to date issues and was replaced by Abhirami.
Soundtrack
References
External links
2016 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Fictional portrayals of the Kerala Police
2016 directorial debut films
The Rosengartenspitze (Italian Cima Catinaccio, Ladin Ciadenac) is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.
See also
Kesselkogel
Rosengarten group
References
External links
Alpenverein South Tyrol
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of South Tyrol
Dolomites
The 1987 State of Origin series saw the sixth time the annual three-match series between the New South Wales and Queensland representative rugby league football teams was contested entirely under 'State of Origin' selection rules. It saw the emergence of new faces who would go on to become Origin legends (Queensland's Allan Langer and New South Wales' Andrew Ettingshausen), record crowds for all three matches, and an additional exhibition game played in Long Beach, California (near Los Angeles).
The 1987 series was also the last in which players for Queensland were selected from teams of the Brisbane Rugby League premiership. With the introduction of the Brisbane and Gold Coast clubs to the New South Wales Rugby League premiership the following year, after this series all players in State of Origin would be sourced from NSWRL teams. The final five BRL players selected for Queensland were captain Wally Lewis, Gene Miles, Allan Langer, Colin Scott and Greg Conescu, all of whom joined the Brisbane Broncos in 1988.
Games
Game I
Mark Murray had missed just one Origin clash in the first five series but when he suffered a serious eye injury that forced his premature retirement in the off-season of 1986, it was widely expected that in-form Eastern Suburbs half-back Laurie Spina would be called into the side after good form for the Roosters and impressing in a Qld selection trial at Lang Park. Instead, and against the wishes of coach Wayne Bennett, the Maroons selectors opted for the jockey-sized Ipswich Jets half-back Allan Langer then just 68 kg and a month shy of his 21st birthday. Spina would never again get the chance to represent Queensland.
In his first match at Origin level, Langer proved he was a worthy partner for Wally Lewis in the halves and silenced his doubters with a performance that went close to earning him the man-of-the-match award which was won by Blues' second rower Les Davidson.
With only minutes left in the game the scores were locked at 16-all and heading for the first drawn result when referee Mick Stone made one of the best refereeing decisions in Origin history under immense pressure in front of a rabid Queensland crowd. New South Wales' half-back Peter Sterling missed with a field-goal attempt before launching a final backline raid down the right hand side of the field. Cronulla Sharks centre Andrew Ettingshausen, on debut and playing on the wing, sent his club team-mate Mark McGaw away on a long burst down the sideline. Cornered by the converging defence, McGaw threw an inside pass that was knocked down by Queensland but was kicked ahead into the Maroon's in-goal. In a flurry of action that saw arms, legs and bodies flailing in desperation, a hand reached out and grounded the ball just before it skidded dead.
Referee Stone was forced to make a split second pivotal decision without the help of the video referee backup of today's game. Stone ruled that McGaw had touched down centimetres inside the dead-ball line for a try, despite the protests of the Qld players and the 33,000 strong Lang Park crowds yelling for him to call in their favour and prevent the Maroons from losing their 7th game from the past 8 contests. While video replays ultimately proved inconclusive, leaving the decision a controversial one still debated among many today, Stone was adamant that the try had been scored and later confirmed that had there not been a try scored, he would have awarded a penalty try to NSW in any case as Qld centre Peter Jackson had attempted to hold back McGaw by grabbing his jumper.
Game II
Game II at the Sydney Cricket Ground in front of a record Origin crowd of 42,048 was played in torrential rain. The powerful kicking of Lewis and fullback Gary Belcher was superior to the Blues' who were forced to play much of the match in their own half. Queensland capitalised on New South Wales' errors to emerge with a 12-6 victory. On his 27th birthday, Peter Sterling earned the man-of-the-match award, a rare honour for a player on the losing side.
Before the game, and despite Queensland having won Origin from 1980–84, as New South Wales had won the 1985 and 1986 series and 7 of the previous 8 games going into game 2 (dating back to Game 3 in 1984), and with the addition of the Brisbane Broncos and Gold Coast Seagulls into the Sydney premiership in 1988, some in the Sydney press were wondering about the future of Origin with the general feeling being that the Blues were set to embark on another period of domination like the one that had brought about the Origin concept in the first place. Queensland's gutsy win under pressure and in adverse conditions silenced the critics.
Game III
The series decider at Lang Park was a classic Origin knife's-edge encounter that swung from one end of the field to the other. Queensland scored two brilliantly conceived tries to lead 10-8 at halftime and defied the Blues in a scoreless second half of incredible tension. After referee Barry Gomersall ruled New South Wales centre Michael O'Connor offside from a Cliff Lyons kick (though television replays showed it was line-ball), Queensland winger Dale Shearer kicked a penalty goal in the 39th minute, giving the Maroons a two-point win and the Series. Langer was a triumphant figure for Queensland and in his third Origin game was named 'man of the match' after playing the game of his life.
Exhibition match
Later in the season an exhibition match was played at Long Beach, California. The game did not count toward the series, but the match retained State of Origin status and is included in the records and player appearance calculations.
It was billed as an historic occasion for the game and an opportunity for rugby league to grab a foothold in the United States. It was a bold endeavour, but ultimately the match failed to create the barest ripple on America's sporting consciousness. There was minimal press coverage of the game and disputes over whether a 12,500 crowd or less (some estimates say 7,000) were in attendance, with many tickets given away free.
Teams
New South Wales
Queensland
References
Sources
Big League's 25 Years of Origin Collectors' Edition, News Magazines, Surry Hills, Sydney
External links
State of Origin 1987 at rugbyleagueproject.org
State of Origin series
State of Origin series
Sports in Long Beach, California
Rugby leagues in California
Rugby leagues in the United States
State
Hélio Silva (born 9 February 1962) is a Brazilian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1962 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Rio de Janeiro (city)
20th-century Brazilian people
Randi Chaplin Matushevitz (born in Rochester, New York in 1965) is an American artist known for her work in ‘charcoal, ink, pastel, spray-paint, and acrylic; graffiti-like mark-making, gestural strokes, collage-like stencils' whose ‘moody, urban-baroque vision evoke a dark fairy tale world.' Contemporary Art Curator Magazine noted, "Her recent portraits investigate uncertainty, and reflect the reactive mania or calm surrounding layers of wear and tear on the soul..."
Education
Matushevitz received her Master of Fine Arts at the University of Miami, in Coral Gables, FL and her Bachelor of the Arts at the California State University, Northridge. Chaplin did not set out to be artist. A chemistry major, she took a drawing class thinking "it would be easy," and instead discovered a physical process that mirrored her internal one.
Early career
After obtaining her MFA from University of Miami, she was accepted into the Vermont Studio Residency program. She also showed internationally in Buenos Aires, Caracas, Madrid and Xalapa, as well as in New York before moving to Las Vegas.
Matushevitz has shown internationally, most recently in Italy for "Beyond the Veil, Women Art, Markers Xl" which debuted during the 2019 Venice Art Bienniale, and "We Are Humanity, Lilli Mueller and Randi Matushevitz," at Giudecca Art Center (2019); in Berlin in conjunction with Enter Art Foundation (2018); as a Painting Art Award Finalist at the inaugural Global Art Awards in Dubai (2017); and in 2002 at Museo Provincial de Bellas Artes Emilio Pettoruti (Buenos Aires) as well as at institutions and museums throughout the western United States, including a 2006 solo show at the Las Vegas Art Museum. Her works are included in the permanent collections of the Museum of Art and History (MOAH), Lancaster, CA; Cleveland Clinic, Las Vegas; Las Vegas Art Museum at the Marjorie Barrick Museum of Art, University of Nevada, Las Vegas; and Enter Art Foundation.
Matushevitz's work prior to 2016 was predominantly installation based and dealt with feminist issues. She has since begun to focus on “narratives that echo life in the 21st century” with an emphasis on wider social conditions. This shift in focus has led to an ongoing series of “Ugly Faces” portraits.
References
1965 births
Living people
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American women artists
American women painters
Artists from New York (state)
California State University, Northridge alumni
People from Rochester, New York
University of Miami alumni
Jung Hee-tae (Korean: 정희태, Jeonghuitae, born 5 July 1974) is a South Korean actor. He is known for his roles in My Mind's Flower Rain (2016), My Father Is Strange (2017) and 2018 drama series Radio Romance. He has appeared in about 75 TV series, theatrical plays and films including 2021 film Sweet & Sour. In 2021, he also appeared in TV series Navillera and is appearing in Artificial City.
Career
Jung debuted as an actor in 2002 with the film The Coast Guard.
In August 2019, Jung was appointed as public relations ambassador for Nam-gu by the mayor. His short film Outing with Lee Seung-yeon won the Jury Grand Prize at the Spanish Short Film Festival.
In November 2021, Jung Hee-tae along with Jung Da-eun were appointed as ambassadors for sharing 'Warm Day' sanitary napkin support campaign by NGO under Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
Filmography
Films
Television series
Theater
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official website
Jung Hee-tae on KMDb
Jung Hee-tae on Daum
21st-century South Korean male actors
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
Living people
People from Ulsan
1974 births
Chung-Ang University alumni
Kerstin Abram-Axelsson née Nilsson; (7 July 1931 — 18 December 1998) was a Swedish artist, debater, and social activist, who primarily expressed herself through various paintings and graphic arts. Her work has been shown in exhibitions throughout Europe, the United States, Mexico, and the Soviet Union.
Life
Nilsson was born on 7 July 1931 in Engelbrekt Parish, Stockholm. She was the daughter of Abram Nilsson, who was a physician, and his wife Margareta Dahlström, who was a nurse. Nilsson and her elder brother were brought up in a middle-class home, where the norm was making music and engaging in the arts. In 1951, after finishing high school, Nilsson attended Konstfackskolan (now Konstfack, University of arts, crafts, and design) in Stockholm. She subsequently got enrolled in the Royal Swedish Academy of Fine Arts. She was instructed in graphic art by , and . She then started traveling to different places and experiencing other cultures with several of her friends, one of whom was , who would later become her husband. During the summer of 1955 and 1957, they traveled through the former Yugoslavia, Turkey and Greece. She was inspired by her trips abroad and started black and white lithographs, the first of which was titled Människor på väg. After her student's years in college, she went to travel the central America with her husband.
During the 1960s, both her interest and involvement in exploring other environments and cultures increased. After her second marriage with architect Valdemar Axelsson in 1962, who was working for the UN, she accompanied him to the newly formed states of Trinidad and Somalia. While being in Somalia, she partook in several debates. She also made illustrations and graphic reports. She provided illustrations for the school textbooks in Somalia. From 1966, she started creating children's illustrated books, and illustrating in other author's books including 's Kalle Vrånglebäck, Bo Lundberg's Synvändor – om naturen, människan och helheten and Marie Nordström's Gener och sånt. She started also exhibiting her works in various art expositions. From 1968, she became an 'image activist.'
From 1971 to 1989, she was a teacher at Konstfack. Her work has been shown in exhibitions in Europe, the United States, Mexico, and the Soviet Union. She has made decorations for Huddinge Hospital and Stockholm University Library at Frescati and is represented at Kalmar Art Museum and the Moderna Museet.
Nilsson was a member of the Swedish women's association Nya Idun.
Kerstin Abram-Nilsson died on 18 December 1998 in Djursholm, Danderyds parish, Stockholm.
Honors
Grafiska sällskapets stipendium
Knut V. Pettersson-stipendiet
Ann-Margret Dahlquist-Ljungbergs stipendium
Bibliography
Grosjean, Alexia (2018). Svenskt kvinnobiografiskt lexikon [Biographical Dictionary of Swedish Women.] University of Gothenburg. .
Öhrström, Kerstin (1988). Vem är hon: kvinnor i sverige : biografisk uppslagsbok (in Swedish). Norstedts. .
Abram-Nilsson, Kerstin, 'Handla därefter', Ararat: komplement till utställningen på Moderna museet i Stockholm 1976. 7: Varför Ararat, Stockholm, S- 7-9, 1976.
Abram-Nilsson, Kerstin, et al., Sveket mot framtiden?: svenskt energipolitiskt beslut våren 1975 : en tidning om människor och kärnkraft, [S.l.], 1974.
Abram-Nilsson, Kerstin, 'en liten möjlighet att inte ge upp innan man är söndermald', Paletten, 1969:1
Eriksson, Yvonne & Göthlund, Anette, 'Från det perifera till det vitala: kvinnliga konstnärskap i perspektiv', Från modernism till samtidskonst, 2003
Additional reference
Further reading
1931 births
1998 deaths
20th-century Swedish women artists
Swedish illustrators
Swedish women illustrators
Swedish children's book illustrators
Swedish children's writers
Swedish activists
Swedish women activists
Artists from Stockholm
Members of Nya Idun
Income in the United States is measured by the various federal agencies including the Internal Revenue Service, Bureau of Labor Statistics, US Department of Commerce, and the US Census Bureau. Additionally, various agencies, including the Congressional Budget Office compile reports on income statistics. The primary classifications are by household or individual. The top quintile in personal income in 2019 was $103,012 (included in the chart below). The differences between household and personal income are considerable, since 61% of households now have two or more income earners.
Median personal income in 2020 was $56,287 for full time workers.
This difference becomes very apparent when comparing the percentage of households with six figure incomes to that of individuals. Overall, including all households/individuals regardless of employment status, the median household income was $67,521 in 2020 while the median personal income (including individuals aged 15 and over) was $35,805.
While wages for women have increased greatly, median earnings of male wage earners have remained stagnant since the late 1970s. Household income, however, has risen due to the increasing number of households with more than one income earner and women's increased presence in the labor force.
Income Percentiles 2019
Inflation adjusted US Dollars - see IRS for further reading IRS.GOV income statistics
Income at a glance
See also
Compensation in the United States
Economy of the United States
Income inequality in the United States
Socio-economic mobility in the United States
Unemployment in the United States
List of United States counties by per capita income
References
Further reading
INCOME STATISTICS AT IRS.GOV
External links
Savings rate vs Fed rate from 1954 Historical relationship between the savings rate and the Fed rate - since 1954
Social class in the United States
United States
The Jeep Liberty is a four door unibody compact SUV four-door manufactured and marketed by Jeep for model years 2002–2012 over two generations, internally designed the KJ (2002-2007) and KK (2008-2012), respectively. Both generations were marketed globally, including as the Jeep Cherokee outside North America.
Introduced as a replacement for the Cherokee (XJ), the Liberty was priced between the Wrangler and Grand Cherokee and was the smallest of the 4-door Jeep SUVs until the car based 4-door Compass and Patriot arrived for 2007. Both generations were assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in the United States and other countries including Egypt and Venezuela. The KK generation was manufactured alongside the closely related Dodge Nitro. Production ended in August, 2012.
The Liberty was superseded by the Jeep Cherokee.
First generation KJ (2002–2007)
Inspired by styling from the Dakar and Jeepster concept vehicles, the Liberty replaced the discontinued Jeep Cherokee.
The Liberty was the first Jeep vehicle to use rack and pinion steering, and was the first Jeep to use the two then-new PowerTech engines; the 2.4 L straight-4, which was discontinued in 2006, and the 3.7 L V6, as well as a short-lived 2.8 L VM Motori turbo diesel (2005-2006 only). The Liberty was also the first Jeep vehicle to use an independent front suspension since the 1963-1965 Jeep Wagoneer.
Three trim levels were initially offered; Limited, Renegade and the base Sport. All were made available with either 2WD or 4WD. In 2005, all models received a minor facelift. The 2005, 2006 Renegade and 2005 Rocky Mountain Edition Liberties received an exclusive flat hood and taller grille. In 2007, the Renegade trim level was replaced with the Latitude and lost the Renegade trim's unique hood and grill. The Liberty was nominated for the North American Truck of the Year award for 2002, though safety recalls persisted.
Second generation KK (2008–2012)
The Jeep Liberty received a complete redesign for the 2008 model year and was marketed along with the closely related Dodge Nitro. The 2008 Liberty debuted at the 2007 New York International Auto Show.
With the smaller Patriot and Compass crossover SUVs now available to cater to economy conscious buyers, the four-cylinder engine was dropped from the Liberty's offerings. The iron-block, aluminum-head V6 was the only engine available for 2008. Towing capacity was . Jeep discontinued the Liberty CRD for the American market because it could not meet tougher 2007 emissions standards for diesel engines. Transmission choices were both carry-overs: a six-speed manual or a four-speed automatic. Standard equipment included electronic stability control with roll mitigation, traction control, and anti-lock brakes with brake assist. Jeep offered a rare 2WD version on the "Jet" model. New Features included standard side airbags. Optional features are rain-sensing wipers, Sirius Satellite Radio, Bluetooth, a navigation system, and the MyGig entertainment system complete with a 30GB hard drive.
Total U.S. sales
Notes
References
External links
Liberty
Cars introduced in 2001
2010s cars
Compact sport utility vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Motor vehicles manufactured in the United States
The Lola B06/51, also known as the Lola FN06, is an open-wheel formula racing car, designed, developed and built by Lola for the Japanese Formula Nippon championship series, in 2006.
History
The car, manufactured by the British manufacturer Lola Racing Cars, was the only single-seater allowed in the Formula Nippon championship between 2006 and 2008. It replaced the previous Lola B03/51 chassis, which had been used between 2003 and 2005.
Its introduction also corresponded with the opening to the use of engines supplied by Honda and Toyota, replacing the monopoly of Mugen Motorsports. Since 2009 the Lola FN06 is replaced in the Formula Nippon by the FN09, built by the American Swift Engineering.
Technical specifications
It was powered by a naturally aspirated Toyota RV8 or Mugen MF308 engine that produced around @ 13,500 rpm. This places the FN06 on a level, compared to that of the cars used in championships in Europe, between the car of the GP2 Series and that of the Formula Renault 3.5 in the World Series by Renault.
References
Open wheel racing cars
Super Formula cars
Lola racing cars
General Hemming Gadd (6 November 1837 – 14 January 1915) was a Swedish Army officer. His senior commands included regimental commander of the 2nd Life Grenadier Regiment and Svea Life Guards, as well as commander of the 4th Army Division. Gadd served as Chief of His Majesty's Military Staff from 1905 to 1907.
Early life
Gadd was born on 6 November 1837 in Harlösa, Sweden, the son Johan Niklas Gadd, a provost, and his wife Sofia Dahlberg. In 1857 he served as a non-commissioned officer in the North Scanian Infantry Regiment (I 6), and he was commissioned as an officer the following year.
Career
In 1861, Gadd graduated from the Higher Artillery School (Högre artilleriläroverket) in Marieberg in Stockholm and in 1865 became a general staff officer serving in the 1st Military District (1:a militärdistriktet) as a staff adjutant until 1871. He was promoted to Lieutenant in the army in 1865 and in the regiment in 1867. After serving in the General Staff's Statistics Department, he was appointed Captain in 1873 at the same year reorganized General Staff. He then served as chief of staff in the 1st Military District from 1872 to 1878. In the years 1875-1876 he made a study trip to Germany as a scholarship holder of the General Staff. From 1879 to 1883, Gadd was a teacher of warfare and military history at the Royal Swedish Army Staff College. During his early military career, Gadd also participated in field service exercises in Prussia in 1869 and Hanover in 1874, as well as in the autumn exercises in Germany in 1877.
In 1880, Gadd was promoted to Major in the General Staff and he served as Vice Chief of the Military Office of the Ministry of Land Defence from 1880 to 1883. In 1883 he was appointed Lieutenant Colonel in the North Scanian Infantry Regiment and was appointed head of the Royal Swedish Army Staff College, where he had worked as a teacher since 1879. Gadd then served as Chief of the Military Office of the Ministry of Land Defence from 1886 to 1888 when he became Lieutenant Colonel in the General Staff and was appointed regimental commander of the 2nd Life Grenadier Regiment (I 5), with the rank of colonel. He transferred to the Svea Life Guards (I 1) in 1892 where he took up the position of executive commander. Gadd was promoted to Major General in 1892 and four years later, on 16 January 1896, he was appointed commander of the 4th Army Division, succeeding Crown Prince Gustaf on the post. Gadd was promoted to Lieutenant General in 1902 and on 8 November 1905, he left the position as commander and was promoted to General. After the Commandant General in Stockholm, Lieutenant General Sven Lagerberg, died in March 1905, Gadd took over the position between March and November 1905.
Gadd was appointed as ADC to King Oscar II in 1881 and as senior ADC to the King in 1888. During his military service, he was a member of, among others, the committee for the preparation of proposals for exercise regulations for the infantry (1893–1894), the Committee for Investigation Concerning the Country's Permanent Defence (1897–1898), the Committee for the Preparation of Field Service Regulations (1899–1901), the Committee for Reviewing Proposals for New Army Order (1900) and the Committee for the Revision of Regulations and Instructions for Infantry Training (1902–1904). In addition to its military activities, Gadd was chairman of the executive board of the Royal Central Gymnastics Institute from 1894 to 1909, of the Military Court of Appeal (Krigshovrätten) from 1903 to 1910 and of the Executive Board of the Army Pension Fund (Arméns pensionskassa) from 1905 and the King's Hospital (Konungens hospital). Gadd also served as Chief of His Majesty's Military Staff from 1905 to 1907.
Personal life
In 1877, Gadd married Ida Paulina Benedicks (4 October 1849 – 29 November 1921).
Death
Gadd died on 14 January 1915 in his home in Stockholm. Gadd was interred at Norra begravningsplatsen in Stockholm.
Dates of rank
1858 – Underlöjtnant
1865 – Lieutenant
1872 – Captain
1880 – Major
1883 – Lieutenant Colonel
1888 – Colonel
1892 – Major General
1902 – Lieutenant General
1905 – General
Awards and decorations
Swedish
Knight and Commander of the Orders of His Majesty the King (Order of the Seraphim) (1 December 1905)
King Oscar II and Queen Sofia's Golden Wedding Medal (1907)
King Oscar II's Jubilee Commemorative Medal (1897)
Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Sword (1 December 1899)
Commander 1st Class of the Order of the Sword (1 December 1893)
Knight 1st Class of the Order of the Sword (1879)
Foreign
Grand Cross of the Order of the Dannebrog (between 1894 and 1901)
Commander 1st Class of the Order of the Dannebrog (between 1890 and 1894)
Knight of the Order of Merit of the Prussian Crown (3 August 1908)
Knight 1st Class of the Order of the Crown (between 1905 and 1908)
Knight 3rd Class of the Order of the Crown (between 1877 and 1881)
Knight 2nd Class of Order of the Red Eagle with diamonds (between 1888 and 1890)
Commander 2nd Class of the Order of the Zähringer Lion (between 1881 and 1888)
Knight of the Legion of Honour (between 1877 and 1881)
Knight of the Order of the Crown of Italy (between 1877 and 1881)
Knight 1st Class of the Order of St. Olav (1882)
Honours
Member of the second class of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences (1880)
Member of the first class of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences (1892)
References
1837 births
1915 deaths
Swedish Army generals
People from Eslöv Municipality
Commanders Grand Cross of the Order of the Sword
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences
Burials at Norra begravningsplatsen
The City Park, also colloquially known as the Youth Park, is an urban park in the city of George Town in Penang, Malaysia. Located near the Penang Botanic Gardens, the City Park was opened in 1972 as a recreational area and a green lung for the city's residents.
True to its name, the City Park contains various recreational amenities, such as playgrounds, a skating rink, swimming pools, a graffiti corner, reflexology paths and an outdoor auditorium, all of which are open to the public. The park is maintained by the Penang Island City Council.
History
The idea for the establishment of a 'Youth Park' came into being in 1970, in response to concerns over juvenile delinquency and a lack of recreational areas. At the time, the area now known as the City Park was an abandoned granite quarry.
A proposal to establish a 'Youth Park' was accepted by Lim Chong Eu, the then Chief Minister of Penang. A committee was subsequently formed to explore the idea and a groundbreaking ceremony was launched late that year. In the aftermath of the 1969 race riots in Kuala Lumpur, it was decided that the park should also embody Penang's multi-cultural heritage in the "community of nature". To that end, volunteers from the various schools and youth clubs within Penang were roped in for the groundbreaking event.
The Youth Park, as it was known at the time, was officially declared open in 1972 by the then Governor of Penang, Syed Hassan Barakbah. At its opening, the park was equipped with an obstacle course, a skating rink and an outdoor auditorium. More facilities were added in the years since, with the latest being the Penang Graffiti Park in 2012.
The City Park is also home to two of the Penang Island City Council departments - the Community Service Department and the Landscape Department. The GBI-rated council office incorporates a rain harvesting system, an outdoor garden and vertical green walls, as well as transparent glass panels designed to allow maximum natural lighting.
See also
Penang Botanic Gardens
References
Tourist attractions in George Town, Penang
Geography of Penang
Plugari is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Borosoaia, Onești and Plugari.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Reine Barkered (born 1982) is a big mountain skier from Duved, Sweden.
Barkered competed as an alpine ski racer before switching focus to freeride skiing in 2001. He did his first freeride competition, the Swedish big mountain championship in 2004, an event he won in 2006 also marking the last Swedish championship in the sport to date. He has competed in the Scandinavian big mountain championship (the world's oldest running freeride competition) since 2004.
In 2006 Barkered started competing on international level and in 2008 he qualified to the newly started Freeride World Tour. He ended up second overall in he's first year. He later earned the nickname 'the mayor of stomptown' and have a cliff named after him on Bec des Rosses, the mountain for the finals of the Freeride World Tour.
In 2012 Barkered won the overall Freeride World Tour claiming the world champion title and claimed the Transition Magazine award "Best Big Mountain Skier".
In 2017 he won his third Xtreme Verbier putting him in a group of handful of riders taking a win in this prestigious competition three times which, according to industry rumor give a lifetime wild card to the event.
In 2016 he married Freeride World Tour athlete Jackie Paaso.
Freeride World Tour results
Season standings
Race top results
1st Swedish big mountain Championship Funäsdalen 2006
2nd Scandinavian big mountain championship Riksgränsen 2006
2nd Freeride World Tour qualifier Montafon 2008
1st Snowfever qualification Fieberbrunn 2008
1st Lofoten Freeride 2008
1st Hemsedal Freeride 2008
1st King of the mountain Norway freeride cup 2008
1st Freeride World Tour Squaw valley 2009
2nd Freeride World Tour Xtreme Verbier 2009
3rd Freeride World Tour Squaw Valley 2010
3rd Freeride World Tour Xtreme du Chamonix 2011
2nd Freeride World Tour Big mountain Fieberbrunn 2011
4th Freeride World Tour Xtreme Verbier 2011
3rd Scandinavian Big mountain championship Riksgränsen 2011
2nd FWT Freeride du Chamonix 12
3rd FWT Fieberbrunn 12
1st FWT Xtreme Verbier 12
1st Overall Freeride World tour Champion 2012
2nd Scandinavian Big mountain championship 2012
3rd Freeride World Tour Courmayeur-Mont-Blanc 2013
3rd Freeride World Tour Fieberbrunn Pillerseetal 2013
2nd FWT Verbier Xtreme 2013
2nd Overall Freeride World tour 2013
2nd Scandinavian Big mountain championship Riksgränsen 2013
1st FWT Xtreme Verbier 2014
2nd Scandinavian Big mountain championship Riksgränsen 2014
2nd Freeride World Tour Chamonix 2015
3rd Freeride World Tour Andorra 2015
2nd Freeride World Tour Xtreme Verbier 2015
3rd Overall Freeride World Tour 2015
3rd Freeride World Tour Fieberbrunn 2017
1st FWT Xtreme Verbier 2017
2nd Overall Freeride World Tour 2017
4th Xtreme Verbier 2019
3rd FWT Hakuba Japan 2020
Filmography
2009 RAD Films - Double UP
2010 Second Hands - Second best friends
2017 Winning run Xtreme Verbier
References
Swedish male freestyle skiers
People from Åre Municipality
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Jämtland County
Yekimikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 58 as of 2002.
Geography
Yekimikha is located 25 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tsareva is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
St. Hedwig Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Union City, Connecticut, United States.
Founded on February 18, 1906. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
History
On February 14, 1906, Bishop Michael Tierney dispatched Fr. Ignacy Maciejewski as the first Polish pastor in Union City. Fr. Maciejewski celebrated the first parish Mass at Sokolowski Hall on February 18, 1906. By the year's end, a Polish church was built and formally dedicated on June 2, 1907.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Hedwig - Diocesan information
St. Hedwig - ParishesOnline.com
Archdiocese of Hartford
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Naugatuck, Connecticut
Churches in New Haven County, Connecticut
Menard County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 United States Census, it had a population of 12,705. Its county seat is Petersburg. Menard County is part of the Springfield, Illinois, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Menard County was formed in 1839 out of Sangamon County. The County was named for Pierre Menard, the first lieutenant governor of Illinois.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Petersburg have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Major highways
Illinois Route 29
Illinois Route 97
Illinois Route 123
Adjacent counties
Mason County - north
Logan County - east
Sangamon County - south
Cass County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 12,705 people, 5,140 households, and 3,683 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,654 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.5% white, 0.6% black or African American, 0.3% American Indian, 0.2% Asian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.5% were German, 20.8% were American, 15.6% were Irish, and 14.3% were English.
Of the 5,140 households, 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.3% were non-families, and 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.87. The median age was 42.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $56,230 and the median income for a family was $65,882. Males had a median income of $42,408 versus $36,735 for females. The per capita income for the county was $26,281. About 6.1% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.4% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Athens
Petersburg (seat)
Villages
Greenview
Oakford
Tallula
Census-designated place
Lake Petersburg
Other unincorporated communities
Atterberry
Bobtown
Croft
Culver
Curtis
Fancy Prairie
Hill Top
Hilltop
Hubly
Lewisburg
Loyd
Old Salem Chautauqua
Sweet Water
Tice
Politics and county government
Illinois counties have the option of using or rejecting the township form of providing local services. In Illinois, only 16 of the state's 102 counties have opted out of the township system; Menard County is one of the sixteen.
In the years before World War I, Menard was a German Catholic and thus Democratic county, opposed to the pietism of Yankee Protestant Northern Illinois. Theodore Roosevelt in 1904 was the only Republican to carry the county in this time span.
However, resistance against Woodrow Wilson's participatory attitude during World War I allowed Charles Evans Hughes to carry Menard County in 1916 by a mere four votes (Hughes lost the national election). Since then, as German hostility to Wilson hardened, Menard has become a strongly Republican county. The only Democrats who have carried Menard County since 1916 have been Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936, and Lyndon Johnson in 1964. Excluding the landslide losses of Hoover, Landon and Goldwater, George Bush senior in 1992 is the solitary Republican candidate since 1920 to fail to win a majority in Menard County. Illinois-bred Barack Obama is the only Democrat since 1980 to reach forty percent of Menard County's vote, but over the last two elections a strong anti-Democratic swing – common to all of rural downstate Illinois – has taken place.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Menard County IL
References
External links
Menard County Tourism Council
Illinois Genealogy Trails
Illinois counties
1839 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1839
Springfield metropolitan area, Illinois
The 1933 Tampico hurricane was one of two storms in the 1933 Atlantic hurricane season to reach Category 5 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. It developed on September 16 near the Lesser Antilles, and slowly intensified while moving across the Caribbean Sea. Becoming a hurricane on September 19, its strengthening rate increased while passing south of Jamaica. Two days later, the hurricane reached peak winds, estimated at . After weakening, it made landfall on the Yucatán Peninsula, destroying several houses. One person was killed offshore Progreso, Yucatán during the storm.
Over land, the hurricane weakened to a tropical storm, although it re-intensified slightly in the Gulf of Mexico. On September 25, it made a second landfall just south of Tampico, Tamaulipas with winds at around , and it quickly dissipated over land. Damage was heaviest there, estimated at $5 million (1933 USD) and there were hundreds of deaths. About 75% of the houses in Tampico were damaged, including about 50% of houses that had severe to total destruction to their roofs. The destruction prompted the declaration of martial law, and there was a curfew instated.
Meteorological history
A tropical disturbance moved westward across the tropical Atlantic Ocean in mid-September. On September 16, it was estimated that a tropical depression developed about 185 mi (300 km) east-northeast of Tobago. It moved west-northwestward through the Lesser Antilles, passing about 14 mi (22 km) south of Grenada; however, the system was very weak, and the island reported east winds of only 12 mph (19 km/h). After entering the Caribbean Sea, the depression intensified into a tropical storm on September 18, and a day later it became a hurricane. On September 20 it passed to the south of Jamaica while quickly strengthening. At 0000 UTC on September 21, a ship in the eye reported a barometric pressure of . Ordinarily, the pressure reading would suggest winds of ; however, observations from the ship indicated the hurricane was smaller than normal, with a radius of maximum winds of 8 mi (13 km). As a result, the peak winds were estimated at , or a Category 5 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
After peaking in intensity, the hurricane continued to the northwest. Early on September 22, it passed about 50 mi (80 km) south of Cozumel before making landfall on the Yucatán peninsula. Its landfall intensity was unknown; the Atlantic hurricane reanalysis in 2012 suggested that the storm could have retained Category 5 status until landfall, although local observations did not validate the theory. In the original analysis of the season, the landfall intensity was estimated at 105 mph (165 km/h). As a compromise, the 2012 reanalysis estimated the hurricane struck land with winds of . The cyclone rapidly weakened while crossing the Yucatán peninsula, and on September 23 it emerged into the Gulf of Mexico with winds of . It quickly reintensified into a hurricane while moving toward the northeast Mexican coastline. At around 0000 UTC on September 25, the hurricane made its final landfall just south of Tampico, Tamaulipas with winds of ; this was based on a ship in the eye reporting a pressure of . Within 12 hours, the storm dissipated over land.
Impact
While passing south of Jamaica, the hurricane produced high surf in Kingston. Heavy rains from the storm affected much of the island, which disrupted travel and caused one mudslide. In Cozumel offshore the Yucatán Peninsula, winds reached from the southeast. There, the hurricane destroyed a fishing pier and several houses. While the storm crossed the peninsula, Progreso, Yucatán reported east winds of . Offshore Progreso, the storm capsized a boat, killing one person.
Before the hurricane made its final landfall, the threat of heavy rainfall prompted evacuations around Tampico, just 10 days after another hurricane hit the same region. Near Tampico, a ship reported winds of , and a station in Tampico recorded winds of . High winds cut power lines and blew off or heavily damaged the roofs of half of the city's houses. A high accompanying storm surge washed away many people from their homes, and several barges were washed away. The harbor was filled with debris after the storm, rendering it unusable. Portions of the city were flooded up to deep. According to news reports, the hurricane damaged about 75% of Tampico. Majority of the damage was to poorly constructed houses, although a large hospital in Tampico was also destroyed, killing 87 people. Roads were blocked throughout the city, and the river was closed to boating. The rail line was impacted, which disrupted relief supplies from reaching the region. Outside of the city, the hurricane increased levels along the Pánuco and Tamesí rivers, which remained above flood stage for several days. West of Tampico, the hurricane flooded the entire city of Cárdenas, San Luis Potosí, killing 20 and injuring 200 people. In Pánuco, Veracruz, about 5,000 people were left homeless. In San Luis Potosí state, 30 people were killed when a dam burst. Heavy rainfall in Monterrey caused rivers to flood. Damage spread as far as the west coast of Mexico. Throughout the country, air travel was disrupted, and several train lines were washed out, leaving three trains missing.
Initial news reports suggested a death toll of up to 5,000 people, and the storm was considered "the greatest disaster in recent Mexican history". Two days after the storm dissipated, the death toll was set at 54, with 850 people injured and potentially thousands that were buried. Search and rescue teams dug through the debris of the Tampico to find survivors and victims. In 1997, the National Hurricane Center listed the death toll between 184–200, and damage was estimated at $5 million (1933 USD).
In the aftermath of the storm, food and medical supplies rapidly diminished. After the storm dissipated, doctors and nurses traveled to the city to assist in the aftermath, while trains carried food and water. A train from Monterrey to Tampico carried food, medicine, and soldiers to assist in rebuilding, but was delayed by ongoing flooding. Military planes were utilized to transport aid. Martial law was declared in Tampico following the storm, and officials imposed a 7 p.m. curfew. Uninjured citizens helped clear the roads. President Abelardo L. Rodríguez asked the governors of the Mexican states to send aid and for residents to send money to the Bank of Mexico. Following the storm, residents overcrowded the buildings that remained standing in Tampico.
See also
List of Atlantic hurricanes
List of Category 5 Atlantic hurricanes
Hurricane Gilbert (1988) – A destructive Category 5 hurricane that took a similar track
Hurricane Emily (2005) – Another destructive Category 5 hurricane that took a similar track
Hurricane Dean (2007) – Another destructive Category 5 hurricane that took a similar track
Notes
References
Category 5 Atlantic hurricanes
1933 Atlantic hurricane season
Atlantic hurricanes in Mexico
1933 in Mexico
1933 in the Caribbean
Lao Che may refer to:
Lao Che (Indiana Jones), character of the Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
Lao Che (band), a Polish music band
Selegie Arts Centre is an "arts home" on 30 Selegie Road which houses the Photographic Society of Singapore.
History
The building was originally an Indian coffee-shop with residential units located on the upper floors. The building was gazetted for conservation in October 1994 and was acquired by the National Arts Council under the Arts Housing Scheme to house the Photographic Society of Singapore. The arts centre was opened on 15 November 1996, with an art gallery on the second floor named after Loke Wan Tho and his younger sister Yuen-Peng McNeice for their contributions to the Photographic Society of Singapore.
References
1996 establishments in Singapore
Buildings and structures in Singapore
Samir Azzimani (, born 22 October 1977) is a Moroccan French alpine and Nordic skier who competed for Morocco in the 2010 Winter Olympics. and at the 2015 Nordic ski World Championships in Falun, Sweden. He qualified for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea for cross-country skiing competition.
He is a Moroccan who grew up in a rough area of Colombes and had eight schoolchildren from Woippy to accompany him to Vancouver so they could experience the Olympics. As Morocco's sole competitor at the games he served as his nation's flag bearer. He ranked 74 in men's giant slalom and 44 in men's slalom competitions in 2010 Winter Olympics.
2018 Winter Olympics
Azzimani qualified to compete for Morocco at the 2018 Winter Olympics in cross-country skiing.
References
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Morocco
Cross-country skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic cross-country skiers of Morocco
Moroccan male alpine skiers
Moroccan male cross-country skiers
French male alpine skiers
French sportspeople of Moroccan descent
1977 births
Living people
La Gerdu (, also Romanized as Lā Gerdū; also known as Lāy Gerdū) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 27 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 116 (P. Oxy. 116 or P. Oxy. I 116) is a personal letter, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written in the 2nd century. Currently it is housed in the Percival Library at Clifton College in Bristol, England.
Description
The recto side of the document contains another letter from Irene to Taonnophris and Philo (see P. Oxy. 115). The verso side contains the address "to Taonnophris and Philo." The measurements of the fragment are 132 by 74 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
Text
Irene to Taonnophris and Philo. I have given to Calocaerus for Dionysius 340 drachmae, as he wrote to me to give him whatever he wanted. So please give this money to our workman Parammon, and if he requires anything further give him whatever he wants and send him off quickly. I send you by Calocaerus in my portmanteau a measure of dates from Ombos and twenty-five pomegranates, under seal. Please send me back in it two drachmas' weight of purgative, of which I am in urgent need. I send you by the said Calocaerus a box of grapes...and a basket of good dates under seal. Farewell. Athyr 30.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 115
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 117
Footnotes
References
116
2nd-century manuscripts
An Uncommon King is a 2011 72-minute HD documentary film directed by award-winning documentary and television producer Johanna J. Lunn. It records the life of Sakyong Mipham Rinpoche, son of meditation master Chögyam Trungpa and leader of the Shambhala Buddhist lineage and Shambhala International, a global community with over 200 meditation centers.
Synopsis
Through original and archival footage and interviews, the film follows Mipham Rinpoche from a young child living in a Tibetan refugee camp in India to his move to the West to being empowered as a Sakyong or “Earth Protector." The film captures Mipham Rinpoche on retreat in India and at work promoting his books and building a school in Tibet. It also captures personal moments, including Rinpoche at home in Nova Scotia, running marathons, recording music, and proposing to his Tibetan princess bride, Khandro Tseyang Ripa Mukpo.
"This biography is about the establishment of the lineage of Sakyongs," says director Johanna J. Lunn. "Where Sakyong Mipham Rinpoche comes from and what his life purpose is. It's a father–son story, it's a story about wisdom passing from East to West. Above all it's a story about basic goodness. It's a living story that is unfolding all the time."
Production
An Uncommon King is an English-language film shot over 17 years in 12 different countries, including Tibet, India, China, Europe and North America. Produced by award-winning director Johanna J. Lunn and cinematographer James Hoagland, starring Sakyong Mipham Rinpoche.
References
2011 films
Sherry L. Middaugh (née Hamel, born October 11, 1966 in Rosetown, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian curler from Victoria Harbour, Ontario. Before marrying world champion curler Wayne Middaugh, she was known as Sherry Scheirich. She is a five-time Ontario champion and a one-time Saskatchewan curling champion. She is currently the coach of Team Tracy Fleury.
Career
Middaugh, originally from Saskatchewan, won the 1986 Saskatchewan Junior Women's Championship. She represented Saskatchewan at the 1986 Canadian Junior Women's Curling Championship, where she tied for fourth with a 6–4 record.
Her lone Saskatchewan Hearts victory came in 1996, when she defeated Sandra Peterson (Schmirler) in the provincial final, 8–5. She represented Saskatchewan at her first Scott Tournament of Hearts in 1996, and finished with a 7–5 record. In her new province of Ontario at the 1999 Scott Tournament of Hearts, she played third for Kim Gellard, but finished 4–7. She played at the 2001 Scott Tournament of Hearts. Middaugh led her team to the semifinals where she lost to Kelley Law of British Columbia. At the 2002 Scott Tournament of Hearts, Middaugh was ousted once again in the semifinals, this time to defending champion Colleen Jones. Middaugh failed to make the Scotts in 2003, but instead won the Canada Cup of Curling beating Kelley Law in the final. Middaugh qualified for the 2004 Scott Tournament of Hearts, but she lost in the semi-final to Quebec's Marie-France Larouche. In 2007, Middaugh won her first Grand Slam event by winning the 2007 Sobeys Slam. At the 2008 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, Middaugh lost in the semifinal to Manitoba's Jennifer Jones, her fourth semifinal loss. Middaugh also participated as a third for Laurel Kostuk at the 1986 Canadian Junior Championships and she won the 2003 JCV Skins Game. At the 2008 Scotties Tournament of Hearts Middaugh also won the Shot of the Week Award and a Bronze medal via a 9–8 loss to Manitoba's Jennifer Jones, in an extra end semifinal. Jones would go on to win the 2009 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Victoria, B.C. as Team Canada.
Middaugh attended the 2011 Scotties Tournament of Hearts as the alternate for the Rachel Homan team. In 2012, she won her second Grand Slam event of her career by winning the 2012 Curlers Corner Autumn Gold Curling Classic, defeating Homan in the final.
At the 2013 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials, the team started slowly with a 1–3 record. However, the team won three straight games to finish the round-robin tied for second at 4–3 with the Chelsea Carey and Rachel Homan rinks. Homan claimed second based on the draw shot challenge while Middaugh and Carey played a tiebreaker. The Middaugh rink found success defeating Carey in the tiebreaker and defeating Homan in the semifinals. Middaugh's rink was unable to defeat the Jennifer Jones rink in the final, therefore claiming the silver medal at the event.
In 2019, Middaugh made her Canadian Senior Curling Championships debut at the 2019 Canadian Senior Curling Championships and placed second, losing in an extra end to Sherry Anderson. She started coaching the Tracy Fleury rink for the 2020–21 season.
Personal life
Middaugh owns her own company 4M Home & Garden. She is married to Wayne Middaugh and has two children, Kelly and Emily.
Grand Slam record
Former events
References
CCA Stats
External links
Curlers from Ontario
Curlers from Saskatchewan
People from Simcoe County
Living people
1966 births
Canadian women curlers
Continental Cup of Curling participants
People from Rosetown
Canada Cup (curling) participants
Canadian curling coaches
Duffryn Rhondda Halt railway station served the area of Duffryn Rhondda, in the historical county of Glamorganshire, Wales, from 1905 to 1966 on the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway.
History
The station was opened on 10 July 1905 by the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway, although it opened earlier to miners in 1898 as Duffryn Rhondda Colliery. It opened to the public on 10 July 1905 as Duffryn Rhondda Platform. It was last shown in the timetable on 2 October 1911 but it reappeared in Bradshaw in October 1912 as Duffryn Rhondda Halt. It closed to the public on 3 December 1962 and closed to miners on 7 November 1966.
References
Disused railway stations in Neath Port Talbot
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1905
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1962
1898 establishments in Wales
1966 disestablishments in Wales
The Nelsonian is a 32-piece One-Man Band contraption, that Albert Nelson (1884-1964) designed, built and played. Nelson began building the device in 1915, because the Cello player in his band would often fail to show up. This led him to invent a device, that would allow him to play the Violin and Cello at the same time. His work on the machine concluded in 1957, when he added the 32nd and final instrument. The Nelsonian was a featured exhibit at Ripley's Believe it Or Not Odditorium during the 1933 World Fair in Chicago, Illinois.
Albert Nelson was born November 14, 1884. He grew up in Sacred Heart, Minnesota, the youngest of fourteen children. As a child, Albert was interested in music. He could play violin by the age of seven. By age fourteen he could play fourteen different instruments.
As an adult, Albert learned photography from his brother and started his own studio in Wheaton, Minnesota. Albert married Jennie Erickson of Evansville, Minnesota on May 29, 1912 when Albert was 28 years old and they ran the photography studio together. Albert worked more and more away from home working on putting more instruments into his band that Jennie and Albert separated.
Albert left and moved to Buffalo, Minnesota and started another photography studio. He still experimented with his instruments and started performing at lodges, resorts and fairs. A couple years later he married Ida Nelson. On October 27, 1925 Albert's parent's house burned down, and on December 3, his mother died.
In February 1962 Ida died. Albert was almost 80 years old he was four months and ten days away when he died. There was a memorial service held for albert in Tampa, Florida on Sunday July 5, 1964 prior to his funeral in Buffalo, Minnesota a fitting eulogy was read for him.
The Nelsonian is on permanent display in the Wright County Heritage Center, located at Buffalo, Minnesota. The truck which Nelson used to transport the device, has recently been restored by the museum staff.
Gary Hukriede, grand-nephew of Albert Nelson, has published a 138-page book entitled, "The Mighty Nelsonian: The story of Albert Nelson and his 32-piece One-Man-Band". Hukriede has also compiled a 2-disc CD of original Nelsonian recordings.
The Nelsonian traveled to the 1933 World's Fair in Chicago. The fair attracted more than 27 million people. At the World's Fair, the Nelsonian was a feature of Ripley's Believe It or Not “Odditorium.” According to his five-month contract, Albert played the Nelsonian every hour the fair was open to the public and received $40 per week.
In April 1936 Albert Nelson received a personal invitation letter from Jay Gould to join his Million Dollar Circus. He called it the Million Dollar circus because he said his kids were worth more than a million dollars. The circus traveled the Midwest and made stops in Minnesota, Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin and occasionally Nebraska and Indiana.
Maynard Howe remembered the Nelsonian “ Was mounted on a truck, which served as a big stage at one end of the tent, which was set up over and around it. The walls on the sides and back of the truck, which protected the instruments from weather when moving it from place to place, were removable, and when taken down apposed to spectators three size of the Nelsonian. Inside the tent there were no seats. A person buying a ticket can remain as long as they desired and could walk around and watch...and operator and the many moving parts create music.”
After the Nelsons moved to Florida in 1949, the Nelsonian continued to tour during the summer months. Albert spent the winter cleaning the instrument and making improvements. Albert continued performing on the road with the Nelsonian until 1959. Ida died in February 1962; Albert lost interest in the Nelsonian. Albert died July 4, 1964.
The Machine
List of Instruments
The Nelsonian's 32 Instruments include:
2 guitars
1 Mandolin
2 trumpets
1 Double bass
1 Trombone
1 Violin
1 Xylophone
1 Cello
1 Banjo
1 set of drums (bass drum, crash cymbal, snare drum, tom-tom drum, hi-hat)
References
Sources
http://www.waymarking.com/waymarks/WM3VEN
http://annandale.mn.us/History/HistoryClub/Programs/SMcnab-WCHS-4-7-08.htm
Book 1
Book 2
Music hardware
Fjell Skole is a school located in Fjell, Drammen, Norway. 77% of the students are from a minority background. The school also runs classes for immigrants to the Drammen area.
In 2008, the school was awarded the Humanistprisen from the Human-Etisk Forbund for "its work in anti-racism, friendship between nationalities, and its mind-changing work". In 2003, it was awarded the Benjamin Prize for its work against racism.
External links
Drammen.kommune on Fjell skole
Schools in Norway
Education in Viken (county)
Drammen
Ashley Earley (born March 9, 1983) is an American basketball player.
Ashley Earley was born to parent Lee and Linda Earley and raised in Memphis, Tennessee. She attended Briarcrest HS in Memphis. Earley was named a WBCA All-American (high school). She participated in the 2001 WBCA High School All-America Game, where she scored nine points.
The Earley Trophy Case
2001 Tennessee Gatorade Player of the Year
2001 Tennessee Miss Basketball
1998 & 2001 State Tournament MVP
2001 Best of the Preps Player of the Year (Memphis)
2001 Parade First Team All-American
2001 USA Today Second Team All-American
2001 Naismith Finalist
2000 NIKE All-American
1998 & 1999 WBCA/Reebok Underclass All-American
She attended Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee from 2001 to 2005 and graduated with a psychology degree.
In the 2005 WNBA Draft, she was drafted as the third round selection of the Indiana Fever. After being waived, she played the 2005–06 season overseas with Maccabi Tel Kabir in Tel Aviv, Israel.
In May, 2005, Earley joined the athletic department staff at The University of Alabama as the graduate assistant coach. Her former Vanderbilt University Commodore teammate, Ashley McElhiney also joined as the director of women's basketball operations.
In May 2009, Early left Tennessee Tech to join the University of Rhode Island as an assistant coach. In June 2010, she became assistant coach at Marquette University.
Vanderbilt statistics
Source
Notes
External links
Former Players for Maccabi Tel Kabir
Ashley Earley Joins Teammate at Alabama (2005-05-26)
Ashley McElhiney Director of Basketball Operations (2005-06-02)
1983 births
Living people
American women's basketball coaches
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Memphis, Tennessee
Indiana Fever draft picks
Indiana Fever players
Sportspeople from Memphis, Tennessee
Vanderbilt Commodores women's basketball players
The Central District of Qods County () is a district (bakhsh) in Qods County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 237,077, in 62,355 families. The District has one city: Qods. The District has two rural districts (dehestan): Danesh Rural District and Haft Juy Rural District.
References
Qods County
Districts of Tehran Province
Carol Semple (born February 23, 1966) is an American professional fitness competitor. In regional, national, and international competitions, she has won 15 titles.
Early life and setbacks
Semple began gymnastics training at the age of 10. Her dream was to compete in Olympics gymnastics events. However, she was found to have Osgood-Schlatter disease, a childhood condition in which the bones grow faster than the muscles they support. This, along with the financial burden associated with training, ended her dream of Olympic competition. The severe injuries she suffered in an auto accident on May 23, 1983 meant she had to give up gymnastics entirely.
Career in fitness
Semple worked as a fitness instructor at a local spa during her 20s. While training there, she became aware of the Ms. National Fitness competition and started training for it. She became the first to win the Ms. Fitness USA and the Ms. Fitness World back-to-back, and to win the Ms. Fitness USA and the Ms. Fitness World in the same year. She was also the first to win the Fitness International in 1997 and the first to win the Fitness International and the Fitness Olympia in the same year.
Competition record
1991
1991 NFSB Ms. Fitness Colorado, 1st
1991 NFSB Ms. National Fitness, 3rd
1991 NFSB Ms. Fitness USA, 2nd
1992
1992 NFSB Ms. National Fitness, 1st
1993
1993 NFSB Ms. National Fitness, 1st
1993 Ms. Galaxy Obstacle Course, 1st
1993 NFSB Ms. Fitness USA, 2nd
1994
1994 NFSB Ms. Fitness USA, 1st
1994 IFSB Ms. Fitness World, 1st
1995
1995 NFSB Ms. Fitness USA, 1st
1995 IFSB Ms. Fitness World, 1st
1995 IFBB Fitness Olympia, 2nd
1996
1996 IFBB Fitness Olympia, 5th
1997
1997 IFBB Fitness International, 1st
1997 IFBB Fitness Olympia, 1st
References
1966 births
Living people
Fitness and figure competitors
2010 Omiya Ardija season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Omiya Ardija
Omiya Ardija seasons
St. Mary Parish was a Catholic Church parish in Torrington, Connecticut, in the United States. Founded on October 26, 1919, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford. The parish church, St. Mary of Częstochowa, closed in 2017 and St. Mary parish merged with four other parishes to form St. John Paul the Great Parish.
History
On October 26, 1919, St. Mary Parish was created when Fr. John Kowalski was named first pastor. He celebrated the first Masses for St. Mary in St. Francis chapel. A basement church was completed in 1921 and dedicated on October 5, 1921, by Bishop John Joseph Nilan. The completed church was dedicated on May 30, 1927.
St. Mary parish merged with St. Francis of Assisi, St. Peter, and Sacred Heart parishes in June 2017 to form St. John Paul the Great Parish. St. Mary and Sacred Heart churches were advertised for sale in January 2019.
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Mary - Diocesan information
St. Mary - ParishesOnline.com
Archdiocese of Hartford
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Torrington, Connecticut
Churches in Litchfield County, Connecticut
Sign of Moe Pan Pwint () is a 2018 Burmese drama film starring Han Lin Thant, May Myint Mo and Chue Lay. The film, produced by Niyyayana Production premiered in Myanmar on September 14, 2018.
Cast
May Myint Mo as Moe Pan Pwint
Yan Aung as U Ko Ko Htun, Moe Pan Pwint's father
Soe Myat Thuzar as Daw Khin Moe Thwe
Han Lin Thant as Aww Zar
Ye Aung as U Aung Ye Naing, Aww Zar's father
War War Aung as Daw Kay Thi, Aww Zar's mother
Chue Lay as Cho Myain
May Thinzar Oo as Daw May Oo, Cho Myain's mother
Awards & Nominations
References
External links
2018 films
2010s Burmese-language films
Burmese drama films
Films shot in Myanmar
John T. Galloway is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 140th state legislative district since 2007. His district includes parts of Bucks County.
Galloway is a 1977 graduate of Pennsbury High School and a 2001 graduate of the Project Management Institute. He attended Bucks County Community College. He previously served as a member of the Pennsbury School Board and was campaign manager for Bucks County Commissioner Sandra A. Miller.
He was first elected in 2007, defeating Republican Joseph Montone. Galloway serves as Secretary on the Aging & Older Adult Services Committee. He is a member of the Appropriations, Finance, Labor Relations, and Veterans Affairs & Emergency Preparedness committees.
References
External links
Pennsylvania House of Representatives - John T. Galloway – official PA House website
Pennsylvania House Democratic Caucus - Rep. John T. Galloway – official Party website
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Pennsylvania Democrats
1960 births
Living people
21st-century American politicians
Pennsbury High School alumni
Tom Varley was a collector, restorer and preserver of steam-powered road vehicles, known for the Tom Varley Collection, a steam museum mostly of steam wagons, "a lasting legacy of which [British steam road enthusiasts] can be proud".
His business was in running Todber Caravan Park at Gisburn, in the high Pennines of Lancashire. The steam museum was housed in a barn alongside the caravans. The collection was best known from its frequent appearances at steam rallies through the 1970s and '80s. Varley's wagons were recognisable from their fine paintwork and signwriting, each named and prefixed Pendle ....
Six of his rarer, and often unique survivors, were re-imported from Australia before restoration.
Tom Varley died December 12th 1990. His contribution to the preservation of steam vehicles in the UK has been widely recognised.
List of vehicles
These vehicles have at one point formed part of the Tom Varley collection. Since his death, some have now been sold on to other owners, and may have been renamed.
Notes
References
External links
Steam museums in England
Traction engines
1990s deaths
Year of birth missing
The men's 800 metres event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 and 13 March in San Sebastián.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
800 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
800
Okpho (; also spelt Okpo) is a small town and seat of Okpho Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Myanmar. It lies south of Gyobingauk and north of Minhla. It contains a hospital, a pagoda, and an open ground in the town centre. It is located north of Yangon. The Okpho Railway Station is operated by Myanmar Railways and the town also contains a police station.
Father J.B Bringaud was reported to have been in the area west of Okpho in November 1862.
The population of Okpho's urban area is 11,525 as of 2014, while Okpho Township's population is 126,662.
Notable people
Chit Maung (1913–1945) - journalist, patriotic writer who worked for Bogyoke Aung San, the father of Aung San Suu Kyi. He was Chief Editor of New Light of Burma. Later his own Journalgyaw Newspaper was well known in Burma.
U Saw - Politician and assassin of Aung San and several Burmese Martyrs
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Tharrawaddy District
Township capitals of Myanmar
Okpho Township
Mount Habel is a mountain summit located in Banff National Park on the Continental Divide along the border of Alberta and British Columbia in the Waputik Mountains, part of the Canadian Rockies. It was named in 1986 after Jean Habel. Jean Habel was a German geographer who explored the Canadian Rockies and in 1897 was the first to set foot on the Wapta Icefield which surrounds Mount Habel.
Geology
Like other mountains in Banff Park, Mount Habel is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Habel is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below -20 °C with wind chill factors below -30 °C.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
Gallery
References
External links
Parks Canada web site: Banff National Park
Mount Habel weather: Mountain Forecast
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Mountains of Banff National Park
Marie Dietrich (26 January 1868 – 14 December 1939) was a German operatic soprano and voice teacher.
Life
Born in Stuttgart or Weinsberg Dietrich began her vocal studies with Mrs. Bader in Stuttgart and Ferdinand Jäger. Originally she wanted to become a concert singer, but when she heard the then court theatre director at a concert of the commercial association in Göppingen, he invited her to an audition. Thereupon she was engaged for three years at the Hoftheater Stuttgart.
She liked it there, but because she felt that her voice needed further training, she took a three-month vacation in the first year and went to Paris to study with Pauline Viardot-Garcia. As she made good progress, she also went to Paris for a second and third year.
In 1891 she made a guest appearance at the Hofoperntheater in Vienna as "Rosine", "Philine" and "Susanne" with such success that she was offered an engagement. But she decided for the Hofoperntheater Berlin, which had given her a contract at the same time.
She stayed there until 1912 (stage farewell August 1912 as "Marie" in Der Waffenschmied by A. Lortzing). After that she worked as a concert singer and singing teacher.
She was an excellent coloratura singer, whose technical skill was especially praised, as well as the sparkling light fluid of her passages and fioritura. The voice, a modulation-capable soprano of considerable size, was characterized by an incredibly sympathetically touching timbre and a fresh, melodious sound. Her humorous roles were particularly good.
Marie Dietrich died in 1939 in Berlin at age 71. Her unpreserved grave was on one of the . On which exactly, is not known.<ref>Hans-Jürgen Mende: Lexikon Berliner Begräbnisstätten on Google Books</ref>
Recording
J. Strauss's: Die Fledermaus, with Willy Domgraf-Fassbaender, Margret Pfahl, Adele Kern; conductor: Hermann Weigert, Orchester der Staatsoper Berlin, 1929
References
Further reading
Ludwig Eisenberg: Großes biographisches Lexikon der Deutschen Bühne im XIX. Jahrhundert. Paul List publishing house, Leipzig 1903, , ().
Wilhelm Kosch: Deutsches Theater-Lexikon, Biographisches und bibliographisches Handbuch'', first volume, Klagenfurt and Vienna 1953,
Mary Dietrich als Nonne, Rollenbild, Hüftbild, in: Engelbert Humperdinck: Das Mirakel on Google Books
External links
Dietrich Marie on OPERISSIMO
Marie Dietrich at forgottenopersinger.blogspot.de
Dietrich's performances at the Wienna Staatsoper
German operatic sopranos
Voice teachers
1868 births
1939 deaths
Musicians from Stuttgart
, known as in Japan, is a side-scrolling beat 'em up developed by Winkysoft and published by Banpresto that was exclusively released as a coin-operated arcade game in 1995 as the successor of the 1994 arcade game Denjin Makai.
Gameplay
Guardians can be played by up to two players simultaneously. Health gauges are displayed for both player and enemy characters, while energy bars are displayed for special moves.
The controls for Guardians consist of an eight-way joystick and two buttons for attacking and jumping respectively. Pressing the attack button repeatedly when attacking an enemy or multiple enemies will cause the player character to perform a combo. The final blow of the combo can be changed to a throw if the player moves the joystick in the opposite direction just before landing it. The player also can perform a jump attack. When two players play, they can perform team-based special moves.
Enemies can be grabbed simply by walking into one of them. When an enemy is grabbed, the player can perform a grab attack by pressing the attack button or perform a throw by tilting the joystick left or right. A thrown enemy can be tossed at another for additional damage. Items such as weapons, health recovery items, and items awarding extra points can be picked up by standing over one and pressing the attack button. Weapons have limited uses and will disappear if the player is disarmed by an enemy too much or when the player moves to a new area.
References
1995 video games
Arcade video games
Arcade-only video games
Banpresto games
Beat 'em ups
Cooperative video games
Video game sequels
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Winkysoft games
Harry B. Henshel (February 5, 1919 – June 29, 2007) was an American businessman and the last member of the Bulova family to head the Bulova Watch Company, as president, chairman and chief executive officer.
Personal life
Henshel was born in New York City on February 5, 1919. He graduated from Brown University and the Harvard School of Business. Henshel often participated in college track and field competitions in New York City during his college years, often serving as the timekeeper.
Henshel married Joy Altman on November 4, 1948, in New York City. The couple had four daughters. The Henshel family moved to Scarsdale, New York, in 1951.
Politically, Henshel supported both Republican and Democratic candidates. Henshel was once active in the local Scarsdale, New York Republican Party, served as chairman of Scarsdale's local chapter of the party. Henshel was a supporter of Republican presidential candidate, Wendell Willkie, during Willkie's failed campaign in the 1940s. Despite his Republican affiliation, Henshel attended the 1960 Democratic National Convention at which his father served as a Democratic delegate from New York.
Henshel was an avid horse racing enthusiast who raised thoroughbreds, including famous horses such as Shockproof. Henshel kept many of his horses at a stable in Ocala, Florida.
Bulova
The Bulova Watch Company was founded as a jewelry store in 1875 in Manhattan's Financial District by Henshel's grandfather Joseph Bulova. By the mid-20th century, Bulova was the largest American maker of luxury and middle market watches. Henshel began work at Bulova following World War II after serving with the U.S. military. Henshel took over as president of the company in 1959, after the death of his uncle, Arde Bulova, in 1958. Henshel became the chairman of the watch company in 1974.
Bulova is credited with a number of innovations in watch making and time keeping. According to the Bulova website, the company introduced the world's first clock radio in 1928, and in 1931 began manufacturing the first electric clocks. In 1948 Bulova began developing the Phototimer, a unique combination of photo-finish camera and precision electronic timing instrument. The Phototimer was the first automatic timing device to be used in competitive sports.
Though Bulova was known as a luxury watchmaker, Henshel attempted to target the budget market soon after becoming president of Bulova. Henshel signed an agreement with Citizen Watch Co. of Japan in 1960 to create a line of inexpensive watches which were marketed under the Caravelle brand name. The move was a direct attempt to compete with the Timex Corporation.
Henshel's most successful product line was the introduction of the Accutron watch, an early electronic watch, in the 1960s and 1970s. The Accutron was different than previous watches as it did not contain a balance wheel or mainspring. The Accutron contained a battery-powered transistor circuit which sent impulses to a tiny internal tuning fork, which turned the watch's hands. The Bulova Watch Company guaranteed the Accutron to be accurate to within two seconds. The Accutron was a hit and major innovative and financial success for the company. The Johnson Administration used it as a common gift. Ultimately, the Accutron mechanism was adapted for use in the United States space program, including on the Skylab Space Station. Accutron mechanisms were also left behind on the Moon to be used as part of a seismometer moonwalker, which transmitted lunar information back to Earth from the Sea of Tranquility.
Bulova did make a number of financial mistakes under Henshel in the 1970s, which cost the company some of its market share. The company saw digital watches as a fad. Bulova ignored the growing trend and did not introduce a digital watch line until 1975, five years after its competitor, Pulsar. The company also failed to build on the Accutron technology. Bulova failed to successfully market the newer quartz watch. Quartz watches were battery-powered and used a vibrating quartz crystal instead of an internal tuning fork, like the Accutron. This gave the quartz watches greater timing accuracy.
The Bulova Watch Company began to lose money in the 1970s. The company reported a loss in 1975. This loses caused Bulova to become a takeover target in the mid-1970s. First Gulf & Western Industries Inc. and the Stelux Manufacturing Company variously bought controlling interests in the mid-1970s. Henshel himself stepped aside as chief executive and president of Bulova in 1976, but remained chairman of the company. Finally, the Tisch Family-controlled Loews Corporation bought the company in 1979 turning Bulova into a private subsidiary. Under Loews, the Bulova began turning a profit again in the 1980s.
Additionally, as a director of its Board of Trustees, Henshel helped run a nonprofit school called the Joseph Bulova School of Watchmaking. The school was set up by the Bulova Company in 1945 to teach World War II veterans watch repair, and was supported by the Bulova Foundation. It not only taught the craft of watchmaking but also had a walk-in service to take in repairs and thus exposed the students to the business side of watchmaking.
Interest in watch crafting declined and the school closed around 2000.
Death
Henshel died of complications from kidney and heart disease at his home in Scarsdale, NY, on June 29, 2007. Funeral services were held at Westchester Reform Temple, of which Henshel was a member. He was survived by his wife, Joy, four daughters, and four grandchildren.
References
External links
Bulova Watch Company
The Journal News: Former Bulova chairman dead at 88
1919 births
2007 deaths
20th-century American Jews
American watchmakers (people)
Businesspeople from New York City
People from Scarsdale, New York
Brown University alumni
Harvard Business School alumni
Citizen Watch
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American Jews
Salmon Street Springs, or Salmon Street Fountain, is an outdoor water fountain at the intersection of Naito Parkway at Southwest Salmon in Tom McCall Waterfront Park in Portland, Oregon, United States. It was designed by Robert Perron Landscape Architects and Planners and dedicated in 1988. The fountain's three water displays, which are regulated by a computer, are called "bollards", "misters", and "wedding cake".
According to Portland Parks & Recreation, the fountain can recycle up to of water per minute through as many as 137 of its 185 jets. Salmon Street Springs is considered "interactive" and open from 6:00am to 10:00pm during the Spring, Summer, and Fall months.
See also
Fountains in Portland, Oregon
References
External links
1988 establishments in Oregon
Fountains in Portland, Oregon
Southwest Portland, Oregon
Tom McCall Waterfront Park
Terry Ray (born April 10, 1963) is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1986 to 2001. He held the WBF cruiserweight title from 1999 to 2000 and challenged once for the WBA cruiserweight title in 1998. As an amateur, he defeated 95 of 104 opponents, winning several state and national championships, and earning himself a spot on Team USA to compete against Scandinavia
During his professional career, Ray was trained by distinguished trainers Kevin Rooney (1991–1992) and Angelo Dundee (1993–1998). Since retiring from boxing in 2001, Ray has remained active in the sport as a trainer to both professional and amateur fighters, including son Tucker Ray, who he trained to win multiple state championships.
Early life
Terry Ray was born on April 10, 1963, in Terre Haute, Indiana. Ray is the grandson of former five-term mayor of Terre Haute, Ralph Tucker. Ray began boxing in Indiana at a young age to gain an amateur record of 95-9 and going on to win the Indiana Golden Gloves multiple times. In 1985, Ray defeated Melton Bowen in the finals to win the National Police Athletic League Tournament. Also as an amateur after training at the Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Ray earned himself a spot on team USA vs. Scandinavia.
Ray is a graduate of Indiana State University.
Professional career
Ray began his professional boxing career in 1986, debuting his first two fights on ESPN. In 1991–1992, Ray trained in Catskill, New York under Kevin Rooney, winning 12 fights on the east coast. From 1993 to 1998, Ray trained with Angelo Dundee in Hollywood, Florida. In 1994, Ray fought on CBS against WBF Champion Kenny Keene. The fight between Keene on October 8th ended in a decision loss for Ray.
In 1997, Ray fought former WBA champion Robert Daniels on USA Tuesday Night Fights withRay losing a split decision. Announcer Sean O'Grady had Ray winning the bout 7–3. In 1998, Ray challenged for the WBA cruiserweight title against Fabrice Tiozzo in Lyon, France. He lost to Tiozzo by first round knockout. Ray went on to win the WBF title in 1999 and defended it three times before losing it to Bash Ali in Lagos, Nigeria. Ray was inducted into the 2020 class of the Indiana Boxing Hall of Fame.
Outside of boxing
In 2012, Ray was convicted of sexual battery involving a 14 year old girl, receiving an 18 month suspended prison sentence.
Professional boxing record
References
1963 births
Living people
Boxers from Indiana
American male boxers
Cruiserweight boxers
Major General Robert Ebenezer Abossey Kotei (15 July 1935 – 26 June 1979) was a soldier, politician and track and field athlete. He was once the Chief of Defence Staff of the Ghana Armed Forces and also a member of the Supreme Military Council that ruled Ghana between 1975 and 1979. He was executed in 1979, following a military coup. He also held the Ghanaian high jump record for many years.
Sports
Kotei competed for Ghana at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games held in Cardiff, Wales. He was the only Ghanaian to win a medal at the games. He won the bronze medal in the high jump event with a jump of He won the Men's AAA Championships in 1960. He subsequently set the Ghana High Jump record in London on 16 July 1960. This record stood for 36 years until 1996. He also competed in the men's high jump at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He also became a member of the Ghana Olympic and Commonwealth Games Committee in 1973.
Career
Military
Kotei (then a Colonel), was the Commander of the First Infantry Brigade of the Ghana army in the early 1970s. He was instrumental in foiling a coup plot to unseat the then ruling National Redemption Council (NRC) government in 1973. He became the Ghana army commander in April 1976. Two years later, he was appointed the Chief of Defence Staff of the Ghana Armed Forces. He retired from the army in 1979.
Politics
Kotei was appointed commissioner (minister) for Information by the NRC military government led by General Acheampong. He also worked as the commissioner for Housing. He became a member of the Supreme Military Council (SMC) government formed on 9 October 1975. This replaced the NRC. His appointment was because he was the incumbent army commander. He became Chief of Defense Staff in 1978, following the palace coup that replaced General Acheampong with Lt. General Fred Akuffo.
Execution
On 4 June 1979, the SMC was overthrown by the Armed Forces Revolutionary Council (AFRC) led by Flt. Lt. Jerry Rawlings. Following the bloody coup, Kotei surrendered himself to the authorities at the Achimota Police Station in response to requests that previous political office holders report. Some soldiers apparently "later went to the Police Station and brutalised him when they got to know he was there". His assets were also confiscated to the state. After an investigation that was apparently incomplete and a trial held in camera, Kotei was sentenced to death. It is alleged however that Kotei and his colleagues were probably never tried. On 26 June 1979, Kotei and five other senior army officers, including two former heads of state, Lt. Gen. Fred Akuffo and Lt. Gen. Akwasi Afrifa, were executed by firing squad. Along with the other officers, he was unceremoniously buried at the Nsawam Prisons Cemetery in Adoagyiri, near Nsawam in the Eastern Region. He left behind nine children, including a two-year-old.
Reburial
All eight senior military officers executed in June 1979 were exhumed and their bodies released to their respective families for reburial in 2001. On 27 December 2001, two of the eight, Major General Kotei and Air-Vice Marshal Boakye were buried with full military honours at the Osu Military Cemetery in Accra.
References
1935 births
1979 deaths
Ghanaian male high jumpers
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Ghana
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Information ministers of Ghana
Government ministers of Ghana
Ghanaian soldiers
Executed military personnel
Leaders ousted by a coup
Ghanaian sportsperson-politicians
Executed Ghanaian people
People executed by Ghana by firing squad
Ga-Adangbe people
Chiefs of Army Staff (Ghana)
Athletes (track and field) at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Ghana
The National Premier Leagues Women's (NPLW) are regional association football competitions in some states and territories in Australia, which act as the second tier of the sport in the country below the A-League Women. The WNPL consists of the highest level state league in a subset of the state-based federations within Australia, and is overseen by Football Australia (FA) in partnership with participating member federations.
With the addition of Northern NSW in 2022, the WNPL is now contested by clubs from seven member federations: Capital Football (ACT), NSW, Northern NSW, Queensland, South Australia, Victoria and Western Australia.
History
In October 2010, (FFA) commenced a National Competition Review, its main objective being to review the current structure of soccer competitions in Australia, and to monitor and improve elite player development. NSW were the first federation to commence a competition, after a review on women's football in NSW in 2013, which looked at staying aligned with the FFA's pathway for women's football program.
Queensland switched to the NPL format in 2015, followed by South Australia and Victoria in 2016, the ACT (Capital Football) in 2017, Western Australia in 2020, and Northern NSW in 2022.
Competition format and teams
The WNPL competitions in each state and territory are run independently by the member federations, with a similar format to the equivalent men's competition - the National Premier Leagues. Teams may be relegated from the WNPL to a third-tier league in the same state (and vice versa), but there is currently no mechanism for a team to be promoted to the first tier of Australian Football, the A-League Women. The number of teams promoted and relegated from third-tier leagues per state has varied over time. The table below details the number of teams relegated automatically from the WNPL at the end of the season and the number of NPL teams which go into a relegation playoff against a lower league team.
Current Clubs
Below are listed the National Premier Leagues clubs in each competing member federation announced for the 2022 season.
Honours
Premiers by season
Federations commenced under the WNPL Structure in different years.
Champions by season
Federations commenced under the WNPL Structure in different years.
See also
National Premier Leagues
Football Australia
Australian soccer league system
Notes
References
Women's soccer leagues in Australia
National Premier Leagues
Football Federation Australia
2
Recurring sporting events established in 2014
2014 establishments in Australia
The 2018–19 Wichita State Shockers women's basketball team will represent Wichita State University in the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. They play their home games at Charles Koch Arena, which has a capacity of 10,506. The Shockers, led by second year head coach Keitha Adams, were second year members of the American Athletic Conference. They finished the season 12–18, 5–11 in AAC play to finish in a 4 way tie for ninth place. They lost in first round of the American Athletic Women's Tournament to Tulsa.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| AAC regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| AAC Women's Tournament
See also
2018–19 Wichita State Shockers men's basketball team
References
Wichita State Shockers women's basketball seasons
Wichita State
The 2016–17 Robert Morris Colonials women's ice hockey season was the twelfth season of the Robert Morris Colonials women's ice hockey program. The team represented Robert Morris University in the College Hockey America (CHA) conference during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season. The 2016–17 Colonials were the CHA regular season champions for first time in program history and won the CHA Tournament for the second time. They also appeared in the NCAA Tournament for the first time, falling to Wisconsin in the opening round.
Offseason
8/22: Morgan Beikirch (Class of 2008) and Ashley Vesci (Class of 2016) were named to the practice squad of the Buffalo Beauts of the NWHL.
Recruiting
Standings
Roster
2016–17 Colonials
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style=" "| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style=" "|CHA Tournament
|-
!colspan=12 style=" "|NCAA Tournament
Awards and honors
Jaycee Gephard F, October, 2016 CHA Rookie of the Month
Brittany Howard F, November, 2016 CHA Player of the Month
Jaycee Gephard F, November, 2016 CHA Rookie of the Month
Brittany Howard F, December, 2016 CHA Player of the Month
Jaycee Gephard F, December, 2016 CHA Rookie of the Month
Jaycee Gephard F, January, 2017 CHA Rookie of the Month
Brittany Howard F, February, 2017 CHA Player of the Month
Jaycee Gephard F, February, 2017 CHA Rookie of the Month
Jaycee Gephard F, February, 2017 Top Rookie in the Nation
Paul Colontino, CHA Coach of the Year
Brittany Howard, CHA Player of the Year
Jaycee Gephard, CHA Rookie of the Year
Brittany Howard, Forward, CHA First Team All-Star
Jessica Dodds, Goaltender, CHA First Team All-Star
Kirsten Welsh, Defender, CHA First Team All-Star
Jaycee Gephard, Forward, CHA Second Team All-Star
Jaycee Gephard, Forward, All-CHA Rookie Team
Miscellaneous
Paul Colontino reached his 100th coaching win on December 31, 2016, against Brown.
References
External links
Robert Morris
Robert Morris Lady Colonials ice hockey seasons
Robert
Robert
Khorramabad (, also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 124, in 31 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Angela Spivey (born November 9, 1959), is an American gospel musician and artist. She started her music career, in 1995, with the release of Victorious Praise by Aleho International Music. She released three more subsequent albums with Aleho International, and those were the following: 1997's In the Church, 2000's Glory, Honor and Praise!, and 2002's Determined. Her next album, Angela Spivey Live with the Voices of Victory!, was released by Koch Records in 2007. The next album, He Keeps His Promise, was released in 2012 by Innovative Records. This album was her breakthrough on the Billboard magazine charts, which it placed on the Gospel Albums and Heatseekers Albums charts.
Early life
Spivey was born on November 9, 1959, in Chicago, Illinois, to a father, Harvey Spivey, who was a preacher at First Corinthians Missionary Baptist Church. She graduated at Lucy Flowers High Schools, and got a cosmetology license by going to Debbie's School of Beauty College.
Music career
Her music career started in 1995, with the released of Victorious Praise on March 21, 2005 by Aleho International Music. She released her next three albums with the label, and those were the following: In the Church on March 11, 1997, Glory, Honor and Praise! on August 15, 2000, and Determined on October 22, 2002. The next album was released by Koch Records on November 6, 2007, Angela Spivey Live with the Voices of Victory! The latest album, He Keeps His Promise, was released by Innovative Records on May 1, 2012. This album would be her breakthrough release on the Billboard magazine charts, placing at No. 14 on the Gospel Albums chart along with No. 11 on the Heatseekers Albums chart.
Discography
Studio albums
References
1959 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Chicago
Songwriters from Illinois
MNRK Music Group artists
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
FC Dynamo-2 Saint Petersburg () was a Russian football team from Saint Petersburg. It was the farm-club for FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg.
History
Following Dynamo St. Petersburg's promotion to the second-tier Russian National Football League at the end of the 2016–17 season, the club decided to organize a farm-club. It was licensed to play in the third-tier Russian Professional Football League for the 2017–18 season. After the season, the parent club moved to Sochi, becoming PFC Sochi. The farm club was dissolved.
References
External links
Official Website
Association football clubs established in 2017
Association football clubs disestablished in 2018
Defunct football clubs in Saint Petersburg
2017 establishments in Russia
2018 disestablishments in Russia
Hans Preiskeit (26 September 1920 – 26 June 1972) was a German racing cyclist. He won the German National Road Race in 1955.
References
External links
1920 births
1972 deaths
German male cyclists
Sportspeople from Wrocław
German cycling road race champions
People from the Province of Lower Silesia
The large-billed scrubwren (Sericornis magnirostra) is a passerine bird in the family Acanthizidae, endemic to eastern Australia. It is found in denser undergrowth in temperate forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Taxonomy
The large-billed scrubwren was described by ornithologist John Gould in 1838.
The generic name Sericornis derives from Ancient Greek serikos 'silk' and ornis 'bird'. The specific epithet derives from Latin magnus 'great' and rostrum 'bill'.
It was placed in the family Pardalotidae in the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy, but this has met with opposition and indeed is now known to be wrong. Instead, the large-billed scrubwren belongs to the independent family Acanthizidae.
There are three recognised subspecies: Sericornis magnirostra magnirostra, S. m. viridior, and S. m. howei.
Description
The large-billed scrubwren is in length and weighs . It has a dark reddish-brown eye in a pale buff face, with a longish, black bill inclined slightly upwards. The upperparts are light grey-brown with an olive tint, the throat is a pale buffy-white, the belly greyish, and the rump and tail light rufous-brown.
Distribution and habitat
The large-billed scrubwren is found from near Cooktown in northern Queensland to Kinglake and the Dandenong Ranges, near Melbourne, Victoria. The distribution of the 3 subspecies corresponds to 3 discontinuous areas within its overall range: the nominate subspecies Sericornis magnirostra magnirostra is found from the Clarke Range, inland of Mackay, Queensland to East Gippsland in Victoria; S. m. viridior is found in northeast Queensland from Mt Amos, south of Cooktown, to the Paluma Range National Park, near Townsville; and S. m. howei is found in West Gippsland and the Strzelecki Ranges of southern Victoria. Its preferred habitat is rainforest in the tropics and wet sclerophyll forest in temperate areas. It is sedentary and more common in the north of its range.
Behaviour
Breeding
The large-billed scrubwren breeds from July to January, mainly in November and December. It constructs a rough, domed of bark, grass and moss, lined with feathers and set in creepers, tree-ferns or palm-fronds. It often occupies the abandoned nest of other species, notably the yellow-throated scrubwren (Neosericornis citreogularis). A clutch of 3 or 4 s, measuring , is laid. The eggs are dull white to pale purplish-brown in appearance with fine spots at the large end. The incubation period is unknown and the nestling period is about 13 days. The nests are parasitised by the fan-tailed cuckoo (Cacomantis flabelliformis) and the chestnut-breasted cuckoo (C. castaneiventris).
Feeding
The large-billed scrubwren forages in the low to middle levels of the forest, often in small flocks. It is , gleaning various arthropods, including spiders, ants, wasps, beetles, and lepidopteran larvae, from the bark of tree-trunks and branches, and amongst debris suspended in vines and epiphytes.
Vocalization
The large-billed scrubwren is mostly silent, but occasionally makes a penetrating territorial call "s-cheer s-cheer", a sharp, loud "chwip-chwip" or a chattering "sip-sip" while feeding.
Conservation status
The large-billed scrubwren has a wide distribution and a stable population, and is classified as of the least concern on the IUCN Red List.
References
External links
Photos, audio and video of large-billed scrubwren in Cornell Lab of Ornithology's Macaulay Library
Recordings of large-billed scrubwren in Graeme Chapman's sound library
Recordings of large-billed scrubwren in Xeno-canto sound archive
large-billed scrubwren
Birds of New South Wales
Birds of Queensland
Birds of Victoria (Australia)
Endemic birds of Australia
large-billed scrubwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tongchuan Road () is an interchange station of the Line 15 and Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Daduhe Road and Tongchuan Road in the city's Putuo District, the station was scheduled to open in 2020, when both lines were expected to begin operations. However, the station eventually opened on 23 January 2021 following a one-month postponement of the line 15. The station later became an interchange after Line 14 opened on 30 December 2021.
Station Layout
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Putuo District
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Line 15, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Christmas is a public holiday in most countries celebrated on December 25.
Christmas may also refer to:
Places
Australia
Christmas Island, a territory of Australia in the Indian Ocean
Christmas Island (Tasmania), one of the group of New Year Islands
Canada
Christmas Island, Nova Scotia, an island within the Bras D'Or Lakes, Nova Scotia, Canada
United States
Christmas, Arizona, an uninhabited mining community
Christmas, Florida, a small town
Christmas, Michigan, a small community
Christmas, Mississippi, an unincorporated community
Christmas Knob, an elevation in Oneida County, New York
Music
Christmas, a 1983–early 1990s American rock band featuring members of Combustible Edison
Albums
Christmas (Alabama album), 1985
Christmas (Bill Anderson album), 1969
Christmas (Bruce Cockburn album), 1993
Christmas (Chris Isaak album), 2004
Christmas (Clay Walker album), 2002
Christmas (Don McLean album), 1991
Christmas (Elaine Paige album), 1986
Christmas (Francesca Battistelli album), 2012
Christmas (Hillsong album), 2001
Christmas (Jaci Velasquez album), 2001
Christmas (Johnny Reid album), 2009
Christmas (Jorma Kaukonen album), 1996
Christmas (Kenny Rogers album), 1981
Christmas (Kevin Kern album), 2012
Christmas (Kimberley Locke album), 2007
Christmas (Mannheim Steamroller album), 1984
Christmas (Michael Bublé album), 2011
Christmas (Michael W. Smith album), 1989
Christmas (The Oak Ridge Boys album), 1982
Christmas (Old Man Gloom album), 2004
Christmas (Rebecca St. James album), 1997
Christmas (Rockapella album), 2000
Christmas (Sons of the San Joaquin album), 1998
Christmas (Stephanie Mills album), 1991
Christmas: God With Us, by Jeremy Camp, 2012
Christmas... From the Realms of Glory, by Bebo Norman, 2007
Christmass (album), by Frank Black, 2006
Christmas, by Don Moen, 1990
Christmas, by the Gothard Sisters, 2010
Christmas, by Jill Phillips, 2010
Christmas, by Mark Feehily, 2017
Christmas, by Plus One, 2002
Christmas, by Till Brönner, 2021
EPs
Christmas (Creeper EP), 2017
Christmas (Delta Goodrem EP), 2012
Christmas (Jesu EP), 2010
Christmas (Low EP), 1999
Christmas (Pet Shop Boys EP), 2009
Christmas, by Bryan Adams, 2019
Christmas, by Jimmy Eat World, 2004
The Christmas EP, by Hey Monday, 2011
Songs
"Christmas" (song), by The Who from Tommy, 1969
"Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)", by Darlene Love, 1963; covered by many performers
"Christmas", by Lil Gotit from Hood Baby, 2018
People named Christmas
Christmas (surname), a surname (and list of people with that surname)
Christmas Evans (1766-1838), was a Welsh Nonconformist minister.
Christmas Humphreys (1901-1983), British barrister, judge, Shakespeare scholar, and Buddhist
Earle Christmas Grafton Page (1880-1961), Australian prime minister
Fictional characters
Christmas, a fictional character in Kurau Phantom Memory
Christmas Jones, a fictional character in the James Bond movie The World Is Not Enough
Chrissy Snow or Christmas Snow, a fictional character played by Suzanne Somers in Three's Company
Television episodes
"Christmas" (Brooklyn Nine-Nine), 2013
"Christmas" (Divorce), 2016
"Christmas" (The Middle), 2009
See also
Christmas carol
Christmas beetle, Australian genus of beetle (Anoplognathus)
Christmas Bird Count, a census of birds in the Western Hemisphere
Christmas Bowl, an annual Japanese American high school football championship game
Christmas Bullet, an aircraft
Christmas Christmas, a 2017 album
Christmas Day (disambiguation)
Christmas Eve (disambiguation)
Christmas Hills, Victoria, a town in Victoria, Australia
Christmas Island (disambiguation)
Christmas and holiday season
Christmas lights
Christmas music
Christmas tree
Christmas worldwide
Christmas truce, a list of truces during World War I
Christmastide, a season in the liturgical year of most Christian denominations
Factor IX or Christmas factor, a blood clotting protein
Haemophilia B or Christmas disease
Merry Christmas (disambiguation)
White Christmas (disambiguation)
Xmas (disambiguation)
Menella Bute Smedley (1820–1877) was a novelist and poet. A relative of Lewis Carroll, she wrote some minor novels and books of poems, including the anonymous, The Story of Queen Isabel, and Other Verses, 1863.
She translated the old German ballad "The Shepherd of the Giant Mountains" into English blank verse in 1846. Roger Lancelyn Green in the Times Literary Supplement on 1 March 1957, and later in The Lewis Carroll Handbook (1962), suggested that Carroll's "Jabberwocky" may have been inspired by this work. Peter Lucas suggested in particular that verses 2-6 of "Jabberwocky" were a loose parody.
Her first novel, The Maiden Aunt, originally appeared in Sharpe's London Magazine under the pen name "S.M." In 1848 and 1849, it was published as a single volume, in both England and the United States, and was reprinted in 1856.
In addition to writing poetry and fiction, she also provided material for parliamentary reports on pauper schools.
She was the daughter of the Rev. Edward Smedley, and for many years lived with her cousin Frank Smedley, acting as his housekeeper and secretary. She died at their home Grove Lodge in Regent's Park, London on 25 May 1877 and was buried at West Norwood Cemetery.
References
External links
Poems by Menella Bute Smedley at English Poetry
1820 births
1877 deaths
Burials at West Norwood Cemetery
19th-century English novelists
English women poets
Victorian novelists
Victorian women writers
English women novelists
19th-century English women writers
19th-century English poets
Ringsend Public Library is an art deco style public library in Ringsend, Dublin designed by Robert Sorley Lawrie working in the city architect's office under Horace O'Rourke.
This building was one of four similar libraries built by Dublin Corporation between 1935 and 1940 in the Dublin suburbs of Phibsborough, Ringsend, Drumcondra and Inchicore.
See also
Drumcondra Public Library
Inchicore Public Library
Phibsborough Public Library
References
Ringsend
Buildings and structures in Dublin (city)
Libraries in the Republic of Ireland
Art Deco architecture in Ireland
Høgskavlpiggen Peak () is a peak rising from the western part of Høgskavlen Mountain, in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (1949–52) and named Høgskavlpiggen (the high snowdrift peak).
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
The President's Commission on Organized Crime was a United States governmental body that existed during the Ronald Reagan administration. It was established by in 1984. Its chairman was Judge Irving Kaufman. It issued a final report in 1986 (published in 1987), when it was disestablished. The Commission published seven volumes of hearings, including ones on money laundering, Asian organized crime, cocaine trafficking, heroin trafficking, labor-management racketeering, and gambling. It also published three interim reports on money laundering, labor racketeering, and drug trafficking.
See also
Wickersham Commission
United States Senate Special Committee to Investigate Crime in Interstate Commerce
United States Senate Select Committee on Improper Activities in Labor and Management
President's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice
References
Organized Crime, President's Commission on
Presidency of Ronald Reagan
Organized crime in the United States
1984 establishments in the United States
1986 disestablishments in the United States
Mong Hsat Township is a township of Mong Hsat District in the Shan State of Myanmar. The capital town is Mong Hsat.
See also
Saharat Thai Doem
References
Mongsat District
Townships of Shan State
Horatio Stump () is a flat-topped hill, high, lying immediately east of Flat Top Peninsula at the southwest end of King George Island in the South Shetland Islands. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 for the sealing vessel Horatio (Captain Weeks) from London, which visited the South Shetland Islands in 1820–21.
References
Hills of the South Shetland Islands
Landforms of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Termitomyces reticulatus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae. Found in southern Africa, it was described as new to science in 1990. It is associated with the termite species Odontotermes badius and O. transvaalensis, which are widely distributed in South Africa.
References
Lyophyllaceae
Fungi described in 1990
Fungi of Africa
Lieutenant Colonel Mahmood Khan Durrani, GC (1914–1995) was a South Asian recipient of the George Cross, awarded for acts of the greatest heroism or of the most conspicuous courage in circumstances of extreme danger. He was a 26-year-old captain serving in the 1st Bahawalpur Infantry, British Indian Army (now 8th Battalion The Baloch Regiment of Pakistan Army) in Malaya during World War II, when he was awarded the medal for heroism while a Prisoner of War of the Japanese Army.
Mahmood Khan Durrani belonged to the Saddozia Tribe ,Old Royal Durrani Family of Afghanistan.He was born on 1 July 1914 in Multan in the Western Punjab. After completing his schooling, he joined the Army of Bahawalpur State. When the Second World War broke out, he accompanied his battalion, which was dispatched to North Malaya in March 1941, in anticipation of the looming war with Japan.
Details
During the British retreat in Malaya following the Japanese invasion in December 1941, Captain Mahmood Khan Durrani and a small party of soldiers managed to evade capture for three months before their location was betrayed to the Japanese sponsored Indian National Army (INA). He refused to co-operate with the INA and actively worked to thwart their political and military aims, for which he was subjected to severe torture and mistreatment, which left his health permanently affected.
Citation
"The KING has been graciously pleased to approve the award of the GEORGE CROSS, in recognition of most conspicuous gallantry in carrying out hazardous work in a very brave manner, to:-
Captain MAHMOOD KHAN DURRANI, 1st Bahawalpur Infantry, Indian States Forces.
Account of Deed
"For outstanding courage, loyalty and fortitude whilst a prisoner-of-war.
With a small party he was cut off during the withdrawal in Malaya. They succeeded in remaining free in hiding for three months until betrayal, when they were arrested and confined. Refusing to join the I.N.A officer devoted himself to rendering valuable service. He then conceived and put into execution, a plan for thwarting the Japanese plans for infiltrating agents into India. After many delays and set backs due to falling under suspicion he ultimately achieved much of his objective. Presumably as a result of the suspicion that he had been responsible for the failure of their plans, he was arrested by the Japanese. For ten days he was subjected to third degree methods including starvation, deprivation of sleep and physical torture such as the application of burning cigarettes to his legs. Subsequently he was given a mock trial and condemned to death but the execution was postponed in order that information should be extracted. He was then tortured by various particularly brutal methods continuously for several days. The exact time is uncertain as there were periods of unconsciousness, but it was certainly lasted for some days. No information whatever was obtained from him. Thereafter he was kept in solitary confinement for several months, with occasional interrogations and was given little medical treatment and just enough food to sustain life.
When finally liberated he was found to be permanently affected in health and still bears the marks of physical torture. He will never be the same again. Throughout he was fully aware of the possible consequences of his actions and, when discovered, he preferred to undergo protracted and cruel torture rather than confess his plans and save himself, because he still hoped that he might achieve his purpose. To confess would have endangered others' lives and might have influenced the enemy to change their plans.
His outstanding example of deliberate cold-blooded bravery is most fully deserving of the highest award."
Captain Durrani was presented with his George Cross by Field Marshal Lord Wavell in 1946 at a special investiture ceremony held at the Red Fort, Delhi.
After his repatriation, Durrani resumed his military career and on partition of India in 1947, he opted for Pakistan. He continued to serve in the Pakistan Army, retiring in 1971 as a lieutenant colonel.
A poet and noted writer, he died on 20 August 1995, aged 81 years old. His autobiography, The Sixth Column, was published in the UK in 1955.
The only George Cross recipient to have survived Japanese captivity, Durrani was one of the first George Cross Committee members of the Victoria Cross and George Cross Association. His George Cross is on display in the Imperial War Museum's Victoria & George Cross Gallery.
References
Indian recipients of the George Cross
Baloch Regiment officers
1914 births
1995 deaths
Indian Army personnel of World War II
People from Multan
The 2021 Baku Formula 2 round was the 3rd round of the 2021 Formula 2 Championship and took place at the Baku City Circuit from 4 to 6 June. It ran in support of the 2021 Azerbaijan Grand Prix and featured three races, including the 100th FIA Formula 2 race on June 5 for sprint race 2.
With Jüri Vips winning Sprint Race 2 and Feature Race respectively, it marked the first time in the series' history that a driver was able to win two races in a weekend.
Background
Matteo Nannini, who had previously withdrawn from Formula 2 to focus on the FIA Formula 3 Championship, was called in by Campos Racing to replace Gianluca Petecof.
Baku City Circuit
First race took place in 2017.
Length: 6.003 KM
Sprint Race 1: 21 Laps, 126.063 KM
Sprint Race 2: 21 Laps, 126.063 KM
Feature Race: 29 Laps, 174.087 KM
Circuit Records: F2 The Fastest Lap, 1:52.129 by Charles Leclerc (PREMA Racing) in 2017
Classification
Qualifying
Sprint race 1
Notes
– Felipe Drugovich originally finished ninth, but was given a 10-second penalty for causing a collision with Liam Lawson on the first lap. He also received two penalty points.
Sprint race 2
Feature Race
Notes
- Matteo Nannini failed to start the Feature Race after stalling on the grid at the formation lap.
- Oscar Piastri was given a five-second-time penalty for an unsafe release during his mandatory pit stop.
Standings after the event
Drivers' Championship standings
Teams' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
See also
2021 Azerbaijan Grand Prix
References
External links
Baku
Baku Formula 2
Baku Formula 2
The was a period of economic stagnation in Japan caused by the asset price bubble's collapse in late 1991. The term originally referred to the 1990s, but the 2000s (Lost 20 Years, 失われた20年) and the 2010s (Lost 30 Years, 失われた30年) have been included by commentators.
From 1991 to 2003, the Japanese economy, as measured by GDP, grew only 1.14% annually, while average real growth rate between 2000 to 2010 was about 1%, both well below other industrialized nations. Debt levels continued to rise in response to the Global Financial Crisis in Great Recession in 2008, the Tōhoku Earthquake and Tsunami and Fukushima Nuclear Disaster in 2011, and with the COVID-19 pandemic, the subsequent recession in 2020 further damaged the Japanese economy.
Broadly impacting the entire Japanese economy, over the period of 1995 to 2007, GDP fell from $5.33 trillion to $4.36 trillion in nominal terms, real wages fell around 5%, while the country experienced a stagnant price level. While there is some debate on the extent and measurement of Japan's setbacks, the economic effect of the Lost Decades is well established, and Japanese policymakers continue to grapple with its consequences to little economic effect.
Causes
Japan's economic miracle in the second half of the 20th century ended abruptly at the start of the 1990s. In the late 1980s, abnormalities within the Japanese economic system had fueled a speculative asset price bubble of a massive scale. The bubble was caused by the excessive loan growth quotas dictated on the banks by Japan's central bank, the Bank of Japan, through a policy mechanism known as the "window guidance". As economist Paul Krugman explained, "Japan's banks lent more, with less regard for quality of the borrower, than anyone else's. In doing so they helped inflate the bubble economy to grotesque proportions." Economist Richard Werner writes that external pressures such as the Plaza Accord and the policy of Ministry of Finance to reduce the official discount rate are insufficient in explaining the actions taken by the Bank of Japan.
Trying to deflate speculation and keep inflation in check, the Bank of Japan sharply raised inter-bank lending rates in late 1989. This sharp policy caused the bursting of the bubble, and the Japanese stock market crashed. Equity and asset prices fell, leaving overly-leveraged Japanese banks and insurance companies with books full of bad debt. The financial institutions were bailed out through capital infusions from the government, loans and cheap credit from the central bank, and the ability to postpone the recognition of losses, ultimately turning them into zombie banks. Yalman Onaran of Bloomberg News writing in Salon stated that the zombie banks were one of the reasons for the following long stagnation. Additionally Michael Schuman of Time magazine wrote that these banks kept injecting new funds into unprofitable "zombie firms" to keep them afloat, arguing that they were too big to fail. However, most of these companies were too debt-ridden to do much more than survive on bail-out funds. Schuman believed that Japan's economy did not begin to recover until this practice had ended.
Eventually, many of these failing firms became unsustainable, and a wave of consolidation took place, resulting in four national banks in Japan. Many Japanese firms were burdened with heavy debts, and it became very difficult to obtain credit. Many borrowers turned to sarakin (loan sharks) for loans. As of 2012, the official interest rate was 0.1%; the interest rate has remained below 1% since 1994.
Economic Effects
Despite mild economic recovery in the 2000s, conspicuous consumption of the 1980s has not returned to the same pre-crash levels. Japanese firms such as Toyota, Sony, Panasonic, Sharp, and Toshiba, which had dominated their respective industries in the 1960s, 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, had to fend off strong competition from rival firms based in other East Asian countries, particularly South Korea, and China, since the 2000s. In 1989, of the world's top 50 companies by market capitalization, 32 were Japanese; by 2018, only one such company (Toyota) remains in the top 50. Many Japanese companies replaced a large part of their workforce with temporary workers, who had little job security and fewer benefits. As of 2009, these non-traditional employees made up more than a third of the labor force. For the wider Japanese workforce, wages have stagnated. From their peak in 1997, real wages have since fallen around 13%—an unprecedented number among developed nations. Surveys by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare showed that household income in 2010 had fallen to 1987 levels. According to Teikoku Databank, Japan's largest credit rating agency, the aggregate sales of all companies in Japan decreased by 3.9% in 2010 compared to 2000, or a decrease of 13,848.2 billion yen.
The wider economy of Japan is still recovering from the impact of the 1991 crash and subsequent lost decades. It took 12 years for Japan's GDP to recover to the same levels as 1995. And as a greater sign of economic malaise, Japan also fell behind in output per capita. In 1991, real output per capita in Japan was 14% higher than that of Australia, but in 2011 real output had dropped to 14% below Australia's levels. In the span of 20 years, Japan's economy was overtaken not only in gross output, but labor efficiency, whereas previously it was a global leader in both. In 2018, labor productivity of Japan was the lowest in the G7 developed economies and among the lowest of the OECD.
In response to chronic deflation and low growth, Japan has attempted economic stimulus and thereby run a fiscal deficit since 1991. These economic stimuli have had at best nebulous effects on the Japanese economy and have contributed to the huge debt burden on the Japanese government. Expressed as a percentage of GDP, at ~240% Japan had the highest level of debt of any nation on earth as of 2013. While Japan's is a special case where the majority of public debt is held in the domestic market and by the Bank of Japan, the sheer size of the debt demands large service payments and is a worrying sign of the country's financial health.
More than 25 years after the initial market crash, Japan was still feeling the effects of Lost Decades. However, several Japanese policymakers have attempted reforms to address the malaise in the Japanese economy. After Shinzo Abe was elected as Japanese prime minister in December 2012, Abe introduced a reform program known as Abenomics which sought to address many of the issues raised by Japan's Lost Decades. His "three arrows" of reform intend to address Japan's chronically low inflation, decreasing worker productivity relative to other developed nations, and demographic issues raised by an aging population. Initially, investor response to the announced reform was strong, and the Nikkei 225 rallied to 20,000 in May 2015 from a low of around 9,000 in 2008. The Bank of Japan has set a 2% target for consumer-price inflation, although initial successes has been hampered by a sales tax increase enacted to balance the government budget. However, the impact on wages and consumer sentiment was more muted. A Kyodo News poll in January 2014 found that 73% of Japanese respondents had not personally noticed the effects of Abenomics, only 28 percent expected to see a pay raise, and nearly 70% were considering cutting back spending following the increase in the consumption tax.
In 2020, Jun Saito of the Japan Center for Economic Research stated that the impact which came from the nation's coronavirus pandemic delivered the "final blow" to Japan's long fledging economy, which had resumed slow growth in 2018.
Social Effects
While economic commentators tend to see stagnation as a negative phenomenon, qualitative studies conducted in Japan show the opposite. There was a measurable increase in life satisfaction during the Lost Decades. Conversely, during the period of rapid growth in asset prices, no evidence of increased well-being was found in relation to that growth. This is partly due to the asset bubble being a driver for economic inequality, whereas the decades following the bubble's collapse have seen more economic equality and increased social spending by the government. The lessons from Japan align with concepts such as degrowth or qualitative metrics like GNH, which suggest that economic growth is not necessarily an appropriate metric for measuring the success and wellbeing of a society.
Interpretation
Economist Paul Krugman has argued that Japan's lost decades is an example of a liquidity trap (a situation in which monetary policy is unable to lower nominal interest rates because it is already close to zero). He explained how truly massive the asset bubble was in Japan by 1990, with a tripling of land and stock market prices during the prosperous 1980s. Japan's high personal savings rates, driven in part by the demographics of an aging population, enabled Japanese firms to rely heavily on traditional bank loans from supporting banking networks, as opposed to issuing stock or bonds via the capital markets to acquire funds. The cozy relationship of corporations to banks and the implicit guarantee of a taxpayer bailout of bank deposits created a significant moral hazard problem, leading to an atmosphere of crony capitalism and reduced lending standards. In so doing they helped inflate the bubble economy to grotesque proportions." The Bank of Japan began increasing interest rates in 1990 due in part to concerns over the bubble and in 1991 land and stock prices began a steep decline, within a few years reaching 60% below their peak.
Economist Richard Koo wrote that Japan's "Great Recession" that began in 1990 was a "balance sheet recession". It was triggered by a collapse in land and stock prices, which caused Japanese firms to become insolvent. Despite zero interest rates and expansion of the money supply to encourage borrowing, Japanese corporations in aggregate opted to pay down their debts from their own business earnings rather than borrow to invest as firms typically do. Corporate investment, a key demand component of GDP, fell enormously (22% of GDP) between 1990 and its peak decline in 2003. Japanese firms overall became net savers after 1998, as opposed to borrowers. Koo argues that it was massive fiscal stimulus (borrowing and spending by the government) that offset this decline and enabled Japan to maintain its level of GDP. In his view, this avoided a U.S. type Great Depression, in which U.S. GDP fell by 46%. He argued that monetary policy was ineffective because there was limited demand for funds while firms paid down their liabilities. In a balance sheet recession, GDP declines by the amount of debt repayment and un-borrowed individual savings, leaving government stimulus spending as the primary remedy.
Economist Scott Sumner has argued that Japan's monetary policy was too tight during the Lost Decades and thus prolonged the pain felt by the Japanese economy.
Economists Fumio Hayashi and Edward Prescott argue that the anemic performance of the Japanese economy since the early 1990s is mainly due to the low growth rate of aggregate productivity. Their hypothesis stands in direct contrast to popular explanations that are based in terms of an extended credit crunch that emerged in the aftermath of a bursting asset “bubble.” They are led to explore the implications of their hypothesis on the basis of evidence that suggests that despite the ongoing difficulties in the Japanese banking sector, desired capital expenditure was for the most part fully financed. They suggest that Japan's sluggish investment activity is likely to be better understood in terms of low levels of desired capital expenditure and not in terms of credit constraints that prohibit firms from financing projects with positive net present value (NPV). Monetary or fiscal policies might increase consumption in the short run, but unless productivity growth increases, there is a legitimate fear that such a policy may simply transform Japan from a low-growth/low-inflation economy to a low-growth/high-inflation economy.
In her analysis of Japan's gradual path to economic success and then quick reversal, Jennifer Amyx wrote that Japanese experts were not unaware of the possible causes of Japan's economic decline. Rather, to return Japan's economy back to the path to economic prosperity, policymakers would have had to adopt policies that would first cause short-term harm to the Japanese people and government. Under this analysis, says Ian Lustick, Japan was stuck on a "local maximum," which it arrived at through gradual increases in its fitness level, set by the economic landscape of the 1970s and 80s. Without an accompanying change in institutional flexibility, Japan was unable to adapt to changing conditions and even though experts may have known which changes needed to be made, they would have been virtually powerless to enact those changes without instituting unpopular policies which would have been harmful in the short-term. Lustick's analysis is rooted in the application of evolutionary theory and natural selection to understanding institutional rigidity in the social sciences.
Legacy
After the Great Recession of 2007–2009, many Western governments and commentators have referenced the Lost Decades as a distinct economic possibility for stagnating developed nations. On February 9, 2009, in warning of the dire consequences facing the US economy after its housing bubble, U.S. President Barack Obama cited the "lost decades" as a prospect the American economy faced. And in 2010, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis President James Bullard warned that the United States was in danger of becoming "enmeshed in a Japanese-style deflationary outcome within the next several years."
See also
Economic history of Japan
Economic stagnation
Princes of the Yen: book by Richard Werner about the macroeconomics behind the Lost Decade
Japanese post-war economic miracle
Zero interest rate policy
Employment Ice Age
Great Recession
References
Further reading
Fletcher III, W. Miles, and Peter W. von Staden, eds. Japan's 'Lost Decade': Causes, Legacies and Issues of Transformative Change (Routledge, 2014)
Funabashi, Yoichi, and Barak Kushner, eds. Examining Japan's Lost Decades (Routledge, 2015) excerpt
Hayashi, Fumio, and Edward C. Prescott. "The 1990s in Japan: A lost decade." Review of Economic Dynamics (2002) 5#1 pp: 206-235. online
Hoshi, Takeo, and Anil K. Kashyap. "Will the US and Europe avoid a lost decade? Lessons from Japan's postcrisis experience." IMF Economic Review 63.1 (2015): 110-163. online
Heisei period
1990s in Japan
2000s in Japan
Economic history of Japan
1990s economic history
2000s economic history
Economic collapses
2010s in Japan
2010s economic history
"I Need a Man" is a song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart. Taken from their album Savage, the song was released as the third single in the UK and the first single in the United States.
The track is a pop/rock number with aggressive, commanding vocal work from Lennox, who lyrically explains all of the things she does not want in a man ("...and he doesn't wear a dress!"). The music video was the second part of a series directed by Sophie Muller. Part one, for the song "Beethoven (I Love to Listen To)", ended with Lennox's character leaving her home after transforming herself from a dowdy housewife into a disco vixen à la Marilyn Monroe. Here, the character ends up performing "I Need a Man" in a dimly-lit nightclub.
"I Need a Man" climbed to number twenty-six in the UK singles chart. The first single released from Savage in the U.S., the song peaked at number forty-six on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was paired as a double A-side with "Beethoven" on the American 12 inch single and hit number six on the Hot Dance Club Play chart.
Track listings
7": RCA (UK, GER, AUS)
"I Need A Man" (LP Version) – 4:23
"I Need You" (LP Version) – 3:22
7": RCA (CAN, US)
"I Need A Man" (7" Edit) – 4:06
"Heaven" (LP Version) – 3:27
10": RCA (UK)
"I Need A Man" (Live Version)* – 4:35
"I Need A Man" (LP Version) – 4:23
"I Need You" (LP Version) – 3:22
live version was recorded at Corbin Hall, 1988
12": RCA (UK, GER, AUS)
"I Need A Man" (Macho Mix) – 6:01
"I Need A Man" (LP Version) – 4:23
"I Need You" (LP Version) – 3:22
12": RCA (US)
"I Need A Man" (Macho Mix) – 6:01
"I Need A Man" (7" Edit) – 4:06
"Beethoven (I Love To Listen To)" (Dance Mix) – 4:42
"Beethoven (I Love To Listen To)" (7" Edit) – 3:47
CD Single: RCA (UK)
"I Need A Man" (LP Version) – 4:23
"Missionary Man" (Live Version)* – 5:18
"I Need You" (LP Version) – 3:52
"I Need A Man" (Macho Mix) – 6:01
live version was recorded in Sydney, 1987 and also appears on Live 1983-1989
Promo CD Single: RCA (US)
"I Need A Man" (7" Edit) – 4:06
Charts
References
External links
YouTube - "I Need a Man" video
1988 singles
Eurythmics songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
Music videos directed by Sophie Muller
1987 songs
The Korisliiga Defensive Player of the Year is an annual award that is handed out to the best defensive player in a given Korisliiga season.
Winners
References
Defensive Player
Kenneth James "K.J." McDonald (November 28, 1930–October 4, 2012) was an American politician and businessman.
McDonald was born in Watertown, Minnesota. He went to Watertown High School and to vocational school in Chicago, Illinois. McDonald served in the United States Air Force during the Korean War and was an aerial photographer. McDonald was involved with the insurance business and was a photographer. He served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1977 to 1990 and was a Republican. McDonald served as mayor of Watertown from 2005 until his death in 2012. His son Joe McDonald also served in the Minnesota Legislature. McDonald died from a brain tumor in Watertown, Minnesota.
Notes
1930 births
2012 deaths
People from Watertown, Minnesota
Military personnel from Minnesota
Businesspeople from Minnesota
Farmers from Minnesota
Photographers from Minnesota
Minnesota Republicans
Mayors of places in Minnesota
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Deaths from cancer in Minnesota
Deaths from brain tumor
20th-century American businesspeople
Stoughton & Stoughton was a New York-based architectural firm comprising the partnership of Charles (1860—1944) and Arthur Alexander Stoughton (1867—1955), brothers who were born in Mount Vernon, New York. Arthur graduated from Columbia University in 1888 and trained at the École des Beaux-Arts, Paris, which matured an accomplished academic classical style, known especially in the United States, as Beaux-Arts architecture. In this vein, among their joint public commissions was the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument (New York), dedicated on Memorial Day 1902. The firm won a competition for the design. Following this commission they were asked to design the 41st Precinct Station House on Mosholu Parkway, in Norwood, the Bronx, which is now the station house for the 52nd Precinct. The building is of red brick and architectural terracotta, with a clock tower.
By 1915 Arthur had moved to Winnipeg, Manitoba, where he founded the department of architecture at the University of Manitoba. He returned in 1915 to give a talk in Boston to the National Conference on City Planning on "The architectural side of city planning". He remained in Winnipeg until his retirement in 1930. He designed the University's Fort Garry campus and was commissioned to design the University's Buller Building (1932) and the Tier Building. For the city of Winnipeg he designed three bridges.
References
Notes
Defunct architecture firms based in New York City
St. Stanislaus Kostka Church is a mission church designated for Polish immigrants in Adams, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded in December 1902, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. On January 1, 2009, was temporarily closed by decision of the Bishop Timothy A. McDonnell of the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. After 1,150 days of parishioners sitting in vigil, it was announced on February 18, 2012, that St. Stan's would reopen on Palm Sunday (April 1) 2012. The church offers Sunday Mass, all Holy Days of Obligation, weddings, funerals, and baptisms. St. Stan's now serves as a mission church of St. John Paul II Parish in Adams.
School
St. Stanislaus Kostka School, Adams, MA (Grades: PK - 8)
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
See also
Keeping Faith St. Stanislaus Kostka Fights Closing
Diocese Drops the Hammer in Adams, N. Adams
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Polish Cathedral style architecture
Churches in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
1902 establishments in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1902
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Bermet Duvanaeva (; born 28 January 1988) is a former tennis player from Kyrgyzstan.
In her career, Duvanaeva won one singles title on the ITF Women's Circuit. On 30 July 2012, she reached her best singles ranking of world No. 449. On 13 September 2010, she peaked at No. 820 in the doubles rankings.
Playing for Kyrgyzstan at the Fed Cup, Duvanaeva has a win–loss record of 16–8.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 3 (1 title, 2 runner-ups)
Fed Cup participation
Singles
Doubles
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bishkek
Kyrgyzstani female tennis players
Tennis players at the 2006 Asian Games
Tennis players at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Kyrgyzstan
Charles Dunbar may refer to:
Charles Davidson Dunbar (1870–1939), pipe major
Charles E. Dunbar (1888–1959), attorney in the U.S. state of Louisiana
Charles Franklin Dunbar (1830–1900), American economist
Charles Augustus Royer Flood Dunbar (1849–1939), British admiral
Charles Dunbar (British Army officer) (1919–1981), British general
Charles Franklin Dunbar (diplomat), American diplomat
Castelsaraceno (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
For its Battle of Britain campaign against Great Britain during World War II, the German Luftwaffe had the following order of battle in the West. Luftflotte 2 was responsible for the bombing of southeast England and the London area and based in the Pas-de-Calais area in France. Luftflotte 3 targeted the West Country, Midlands, and northwest England, from bases a bit further north in France. Luftflotte 5 targeted the north of England and Scotland, from bases in Norway. Luftflotte 1 and Luftflotte 4 were based in Germany, but most of their bomber formations had been reassigned to the three Luftflotten engaged in the Battle of Britain. Some fighters were retained to provide air cover over Germany, however.
Luftflotte 2
Headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, commanded by Generalfeldmarschall Albert Kesselring, OOB from 13 August 1940.
Luftflotte 3
Headquarters in Paris, France, under Generalfeldmarschall Hugo Sperrle. OOB from 13 August 1940.
Luftflotte 5
Headquarters in Stavanger, Norway, led by Generaloberst Hans-Jürgen Stumpff. OOB from 13 August 1940.
Oberbefehlshaber der Luftwaffe
Headquarters in Berlin, Germany, led by Reichsmarschall Hermann Göring. OOB from 13 August 1940.
See also
German Air Fleets in World War II
Luftwaffe Organization
References
Bibliography
Balke, Ulf. Der Luftkrieg in Europa - Die Operativen Einsätze des Kampfgeschwaders 2 im Zweiten Weltkrieg. Germany: Bernard and Graefe, 1989.
Bungay, Stephen. The Most Dangerous Enemy: A History of the Battle of Britain. London: Aurum Press 2000. (hardcover), (paperback 2002).
de Zeng, H.L; Stanket, D.G; Creek, E.J. Bomber Units of the Luftwaffe 1933-1945; A Reference Source, Volume 1. Ian Allan Publishing, 2007.
de Zeng, H.L; Stanket, D.G; Creek, E.J. Bomber Units of the Luftwaffe 1933-1945; A Reference Source, Volume 2. Ian Allan Publishing, 2007.
External links
BattleofBritain.com - retrieved on 20 March 2007.
Battle of Britain
Luftwaffe
World War II orders of battle
Ann Nolan Clark, born Anna Marie Nolan (December 5, 1896 – December 13, 1995), was an American writer who won the 1953 Newbery Medal.
Biography
Born in Las Vegas, New Mexico in 1896, Clark graduated from New Mexico Normal School (now New Mexico Highlands University) in Las Vegas at age 21, and married Thomas Patrick Clark on August 6, 1919. She gave birth to an only son, Thomas Patrick, Jr., who later died as a pilot in World War II.
She began her career teaching English at what is now the Highlands University. However, in the early 1920s, she transferred to a job teaching children how to read for the Tesuque pueblo people, which lasted for 25 years. Clark found that the underfunded Tesuque School couldn't afford any substantial instructional material. In the process of teaching the children about literature, she incorporated their voices and stories to write In My Mother's House, and other books for the 1st to 4th grade one-room schoolhouse. She wrote about this process, and about her travels to many parts of Central and South America, in her nonfiction book, Journey to the People.
Between 1940 and 1951, the United States Bureau of Indian Affairs published 15 of her books, all relating to her experiences with the Tesuque pueblo people. Her book In My Mother's House, illustrated by Pueblo artist Velino Herrera, was named a Caldecott Honor book in 1942.
In 1945, the Institute for Inter-American Affairs sent Clark to live and travel for five years in Mexico, Guatemala, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Peru, and Brazil.
Those experiences led her to write books such as Magic Money, Looking-for-Something, and Secret of the Andes, which won the 1953 Newbery Medal. In the 1940s she also wrote books for the Haskell Foundation and the Haskell Indian Nations University at Lawrence, KS; one of them " The Slim Butte Raccoon" was illustrated by Andrew Standing Soldier.
She also won the Catholic Library Association's 1963 Regina Medal, and the Bureau of Indian Affairs' 1962 Distinguished Service Award. Clark died in 1995 in Arizona, after writing 31 books which took a glance at Native American culture, mostly through the eyes of its children.
Mr. Clark's birth family was well known in the early 20th century in her hometown of Las Vegas, New Mexico, and their home, the Nolan House, is on the National Register of Historic Places as one of the first quarry stone houses there.
Writings
Secret of the Andes
Tia Maria's Garden
The little Indian pottery maker
The Little Indian Basket Maker
Bear cub
Little Herder in Spring
Little Herder in Summer
Little Herder in Autumn
Little Herder in Winter
Magic Money
Year Walk
Circle of Seasons
See also
American literature
References
External links
Ann Nolan Clark Manuscripts AC 043, Fray Angélico Chávez History Library, Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Ann Nolan Clark Drafts MSS 23 via Utah State University.
Ann Nolan Clark papers, 1962-1979 MS 309, Special Collections, University of Arizona Libraries, Tuscon, Arizona.
Personal reflection of Ann Nolan Clark's secretary Theda Rushing MSS-799-SC, Center for Southwest Research, University of New Mexico Libraries, Albuquerque, New Mexico.
1896 births
1995 deaths
Place of death missing
20th-century American historians
Schoolteachers from New Mexico
American travel writers
American women travel writers
Newbery Medal winners
People from Las Vegas, New Mexico
New Mexico Highlands University alumni
Native American studies
American women historians
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American short story writers
20th-century American educators
20th-century American women educators
Oberwiesen is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
We Have Arrived is the debut studio album by American thrash metal band Dark Angel, released in March 1985.
We Have Arrived has been reissued at least two times. In 1986, it was re-released by the French recording label Axe Killer in a 2,000 number limited editions. It was then re-released once again in 1997 by Axe Killer. The label attached to the plastic wrap says that this is a remastered edition, but there is no indication of it in the booklet. We Have Arrived is the only Dark Angel album to feature Jack Schwartz on drums, as Gene Hoglan replaced him as their drummer on subsequent albums.
One of the songs from this album, "Merciless Death", was re-recorded for their next album Darkness Descends.
Reception
The album was met with mixed reactions. Reviewer Eduardo Rivadavia of AllMusic gave the album a 1.5 of 5 saying "Dark Angel's arrogantly titled debut We Have Arrived is as primitive as it gets." and "The album will only interest serious thrash enthusiasts." Canadian journalist Martin Popoff compared the music on the album to the German thrash school and to early Slayer-style; he found sonic affinity with Death, but "loud, fast and crude in comparison".
Track listing
Personnel
Dark Angel
Don Doty – vocals
Eric Meyer – guitar
Jim Durkin – guitar
Rob Yahn – bass
Jack Schwartz – drums
Production
Bill Metoyer – engineer
Vadim Rubin, Mike Siegal – executive producers
References
Dark Angel (band) albums
1985 debut albums
Friends Like These is a British game show that was broadcast on BBC One first as a pilot on 6 November 1999 and then as a full series from 12 February 2000 until 20 September 2003. It was presented by Ant & Dec from 1999 to 2001 and later by Ian Wright until 2003.
Format
Two five-member teams, one composed of males and the other of females, competed on each episode. They played five head-to-head challenges, with both teams nominating a different member for each of the first four based on clues given by Ant & Dec. The winner of each challenge scored one point for their team. The last remaining member of each team played the fifth challenge, "The Decider", in which each team could score up to five points.
The higher-scoring team at the end of the decider advanced to the question round, in which each member could win a holiday. All five sat in a row, with their chairs initially lit up white. One member at a time chose a teammate, who randomly drew one of 10 questions that the member had answered on a questionnaire before the show. The teammate then tried to guess the answer given by the member. If they were correct, the member's chair remained white; if not, it turned red.
After all five members had a chance to play, the ones in the white chairs were offered a choice. They could end the game immediately, each winning the holiday while the others won nothing, or gamble their prize in the hope of winning it for everyone. If they chose to gamble, the members in the red chairs chose one "white" and drew a question to answer about them. A correct response awarded the holiday to all five team members, while a miss sent them all home empty-handed.
Transmissions
Series
Specials
References
External links
.
Friends Like These at BFI.
.
1990s British game shows
2000s British game shows
1999 British television series debuts
2003 British television series endings
BBC television game shows
"The Wedding of Mrs. Fox" () is two German fairy tales collected under the same title by the Brothers Grimm in Grimm's Fairy Tales as number 38. It was included in all editions, and is classified as Aarne-Thompson type 65, 1350, 1352*, and 1510.
The second version of the tale was told to the Grimms by Ludovico Brentano Jordis, who also wrote down "The Lion and the Frog" for the brothers.
Synopsis
In the first version of the story, Mr. Fox has nine tails. He feigns death to test his wife's fidelity. Mrs. Fox rejects all the fox suitors that have fewer than nine tails. When she gets engaged to another fox with nine tails, Mr. Fox arises and throws everyone out of his house, including his wife.
In the second version, Mr. Fox dies, and Mrs. Fox is suited by a dog, a deer, a hare, a bear, and a lion. She rejects them because they do not have red pants and a pointed face. When a fox arrives and meets her requirements, she agrees to marry him and laments her first husband's selfishness.
Motifs
The Grimms used the word "Zeiselschwänze" for "tails" when Mrs. Fox asks about her potential suitors in the first version of the story. The root "schwanz" creates a double entendre as it is also used to describe male genitalia.
In popular culture
"The Wedding of Mrs. Fox" is featured in Grimm's Fairy Tale Classics. In this version, the wealthy Mr. Fox is convinced by a devilish fox he encounters fishing that his beautiful wife is being unfaithful and convinces him to at first follow her though he finds no proof of infidelity so the devilish fox suggests he pretend he is dead, fooling both his wife and their feline maid. The first suitor is Mr. Fox's friend and Mrs. Fox is too busy mourning her husband to take suitors telling the maid to send him away. However when a second suitor appears the maid realizes that they will run out of money and convinces Mrs. Fox that she must find a suitor so she agrees but states he must have nine tails like her husband. Meanwhile, Mr. Fox feigns death while fighting his growing hunger though grows confident that his wife will remain faithful as she refuses each suitor until a wealthy younger fox with nine tails appears and she agrees, causing an angry Mr. Fox to confront the nine-tailed suitor, the maid, and Mrs. Fox. However Mrs. Fox points out he was wrong to deceive his wife in such a manner as she had been faithful to him and only chose the suitor as she thought he was dead and thought she would have to provide for herself and the maid defends her mistress by attacking him as he had always mistreated his housekeeper. Mr. Fox chases them out of the house, but realizes he is now alone. The devilish fox is revealed to be the devil on his shoulder that makes one do bad things, causing Mr. Fox to angrily attack the devil only to destroy his house.
References
External links
Etymology of "Zeiselschwänze"
Grimms' Fairy Tales
Fictional foxes
Literature featuring anthropomorphic foxes
Animal tales
Works about marriage
Female characters in fairy tales
ATU 1-99
ATU 1350-1439
ATU 1440-1524
African American Short Films is an American television show. It is the only nationally televised program, in first-run syndication, featuring short films starring, produced, written or directed by African American filmmakers. The show has received several Telly Awards.
African American Short Films began airing in 2002 as a one-hour quarterly television special in first-run syndication. The program was created by veteran television producer Frank Badami.
Shorts
The short film Window, starring Louis Gossett, Jr. was included in the program in 2007.
The short film Stuck for a Reason, starring actress, writer, producer Hillary Hawkins was included in the program in 2015.
References
External links
Official site
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
English-language television shows
The World Crafts Council AISBL (WCC-AISBL) is a non-profit, non-governmental organization that was founded in 1964 to promote fellowship, foster economic development through income generating craft related activities, organize exchange programs, workshops, conferences, seminars, and exhibitions—and in general, to offer encouragement, help, and advice to the craftspersons of the world. The organization is now formally registered in Belgium as an international organization and AISBL is there the French shortcut for an international association without lucrative purpose. The WCC is organised into five regions: Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, and North America. The organization is affiliated to UNESCO.
The WCC was founded in 1964 by Kamaladevi Chattopadhay and Aileen Osborn Webb (who had founded the American Craft Council in 1943.) The WCC (Europe) meets once a year and the 2011 meeting was held in Dublin, Ireland.
The World Crafts Council meets every four years. In 2012, the General Assembly occurred in Chennai when Usha Krishna was the President. After this General Assembly the Presidency will move from India to China. Mr. Wang Shan was the president, Ms. Jing Chen was the Secretary General. In 2014, WCC Golden Jubilee Celebration Summit was held in Dongyang, China, more than 2000 craftspeople from 63 countries participated. In 2016, the General Assembly occurred in Isfahan, Iran from September 22 to 29.
References
External links
official website
Crafts organizations
Organizations established in 1964
International organisations based in Belgium
International cultural organizations
Maklakov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Maklakova. It is derived from the Russian word maklak (маклак), petty broker. It may refer to
Aleksei Maklakov (born 1962), Russian actor and singer
Vasily Maklakov (1869–1957), Russian trial lawyer
See also
Maklakiewicz
Russian-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Bolton Olympic F.C. was an English association football club from Bolton in Lancashire.
History
The club was founded in 1876 under the name Bolton St George's. After the 1878-79 season the club changed its name to Bolton Olympic. The club took part in the first Lancashire Senior Cup in 1879-80, losing 5-4 to Lynwood F.C. of Darwen in the first round, having been 4-3 up with six minutes to go but conceding two late goals via scrimmages. The match that was "very disagreeable throughout, owing to the unseemly disputes which arose among the players and the interference of the onlookers, who behaved very rudely to the visitors, in several instances almost getting from words to blows", which was blamed in part on the Lynwood pitch being "in very bad condition".
The Olympians reached the second round in 1880-81, but were eliminated by Great Lever after three ties; the first a draw, the second an Olympian win, but voided because the goalkeeper had not been a club member for the month required by the regulations, and the third a win for Great Lever. The Olympians protested that one of the goals was too narrow, but the discrepancy was under one-eighth of an inch.
FA Cup
The club entered the FA Cup in 1882-83 and 1883-84, losing in the first round on both occasions.
The Olympians' first Cup tie was against Eagley at Tonge Fold. Although the Olympians were at home, the majority of the crowd of 300 was from Eagley. A remarkable game saw the Olympians open the scoring, but they were never ahead in the match again, losing to the unlikely score of 7-4.
The 9-0 defeat by Bolton Wanderers in the second Cup outing seems to have been a mortal blow for the club, the final straw being the Lancashire Football Association rejecting a protest made by the Olympians against Witton following a defeat in the Lancashire Senior Cup, as there are no reported matches for the club after the end of the season. The club's last act seems to have been its representation at a Football Association meeting in 1885 which considered the legalisation of professionalism.
Colours
The club's colours were white jersey, blue knickers, and black and white hose.
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct football clubs in Lancashire
Association football clubs established in the 19th century
Conrad Stoltz (born 23 October 1973) is a triathlete from South Africa. He is a four time XTERRA Triathlon World Champion and a three time ITU Cross Triathlon World Champion.
Career
Stoltz was born in Lydenburg, South Africa and calls Stellenbosch, South Africa his hometown while he is based in Morgan Hill, California, when competing in the United States.
Stoltz started competing in the multi-sport disciplines of duathlon and triathlon through his involvement in cycling. He is most often competes in cross triathlon, such as the XTERRA series of off-road triathlons. He claimed the XTERRA World Championship in his rookie season in 2001 and successfully defended it 2002. He again won XTERRA World titles in 2007 and 2010 and has won three consecutive ITU Cross Triathlon World titles in 2011,2012 and 2013. In total, he has won 10 USA XTERRA Series titles and 52 XTERRA triathlons around the world.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the triathlon event, he broke away on the bike leg, leading part of the race, before finishing 20th.
At the age of 40, Conrad finished 3rd at the South African Time Trial Championships (40 km road bike) in a time of 51:46.
After breaking his back in 3 places (30% compression fractures) and his wrist in 8 places near the end of the 2006 season, Stoltz bounced back and in the XTERRA USA Championship series by winning four of five races, including the USA Championship, (2007 US XTERRA Series champion) and winning the XTERRA World Championship.
Results
XTERRA
4 x World Champion: 2001, 2002, 2007 and 2010.
10 x XTERRA USA Series champion
Winner of the inaugural XTERRA South Africa (24 April 2005) Grabouw, South Africa.
52 XTERRA career wins to date. (August, 2013)
2013 results:
1st Total Sports Challenge 1st Mixed team with Liezel- Terra Firma, South Africa
1st XTERRA Buffelspoort, South Africa
2nd XTERRA Las Vegas, USA. (crashed & cut hand)
1st XTERRA Brazil, Ilhabela.
1st ITU Cross Triathlon World Champs, Den Haag, Holland.
1st XTERRA Italy, Abruzzo.
1st TriLanai, Lanai Hawaii
1st Val De Vie MTB Challenge, Paarl, South Africa
1st Origin of Trails MTB, Stellenbosch South Africa
2012 results:
1st Total Sports Challenge 1st Mixed Team Terra Firma
1st XTERRA Buffelspoort SA.
1st West Coast Warm Water Weekend.
1st XTERRA Grabouw SA.
1st Vine a Vine MTB race.
1st XTERRA Las Vegas
10th Whiskey off-road MTB Prescott AZ
1st ITU Cross Triathlon World Champs
1st XTERRA Richmond
5th 5150 New Orleans
4th 5150 Boulder Peak
1st XTERRA CO
2nd Rev3 Maine
3rd XTERRA USA Champs, Ogden Utah.
Winner of XTERRA USA Series
3rd XTERRA World Champs. Maui Hawaii.
1st TriLanai- Lanai- Hawaii.
Double Century- Coronation Mixed team of 12 riders- 7hr22. Swellendam, South Africa
2011 results:
1st XTERRA Buffelspoort
4th SA TT Champs
1st Vine a Vinge MTB race
2nd XTERRA Las Vegas (after taking wrong turn)
1st XTERRA Waco, USA
1st ITU Cross Triathlon World Champs, Spain
1st XTERRA Santa Cruz
1st XTERRA Alabama
1st XTERRA Richmond
1st XTERRA Knysna
1st WP MTB Champs
1st XTERRA Japan
5th XTERRA USA Champs
XTERRA USA Series Champion
2010 results:
1st XTERRA Buffelspoort
1st Argus MTB race Boschendal
1st XTERRA Las Vegas
1st XTERRA Richmond
1st XTERRA Alabama
1st XTERRA USA Championships
XTERRA USA Series Champion
1st XTERRA World Championships
2009 results:
1st XTERRA West Cup – Las Vegas Lake (2 May 2009)
1st XTERRA Midwest Cup – Michigan (17 May 2009)
1st XTERRA Southeast Cup – Alabama (24 May 2009)
5th XTERRA Northwest Cup – Idaho (6 June 2009) (puncture).
1st XTERRA Atlantic Cup – Virginia (14 June 2009) cut foot and had surgery for infection
3rd XTERRA Northeast Cup – Sugar bush (12 July 2009) 13 stitches still in foot
2nd XTERRA USA Championship – Utah (27 September 2009)
Winner XTERRA USA Championship series
5th XTERRA World Champs Maui, Hawaii (October 2009)
2008 results:
XTERRA West Championship, Temecula, California (17 May 2008) – 1st in a time of 2:23:02.
XTERRA Southeast Championship – Oak Mountain (8 June 2008) – 1st in a time of 2:05:58.
XTERRA UK Championship – South Wales (21 June 2008) – 2nd in a time of 2:48:37.
XTERRA Czech – (26 June 2008) – 6th in a time of 2:18:31.
XTERRA USA Championship – Nevada (5 October 2008) – 8th in a time of 2:40:17.
2005 results in US Points Series:
XTERRA West Championship, Temecula, California (15 May 2005) – 1st in a time of 2:07:59.
XTERRA East Championship, Richmond, Virginia (3 July 2005) – 1st in a time of 1:59:42.
XTERRA Midwest Championship, Milwaukee, Wisconsin (24 July 2005) – 1st in a time of 2:26:57.
XTERRA Mountain Championship, Keystone, Colorado (14 August 2005) – 2nd in a time of 2:09:42 behind Mike Vine.
XTERRA USA Championship, Incline Village, Nevada (2 October 2005) – 2nd in a time of 2:37:15 behind Eneko Llanos (Spain).
Olympic Games
2000 Summer Olympics, 20th place with a total time of 1:50:24.39.
2004 Summer Olympics, did not finish the race due to a mechanical failure.
National titles and representation
Junior athlete
duathlon,
South African Junior Duathlon Champion in 1990 and 1991.
Participated in World Duathlon Championship in 1991 and 1992.
triathlon,
South African Junior Triathlon Champion in 1991 and 1992.
Participated in World Triathlon Championship in 1993.
Senior athlete
triathlon,
South African Triathlon Champion in 1994, 1995, 1997 and 1999.
African Triathlon Champion in 1993, 1995, 1998, 2000, 2001 and 2003.
Participated in World Triathlon Championship in 1996–2000 and 2002.
Participated in Olympics in;
2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia and
2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
Cycling
Sea Otter Classic 2009 Cross Country- 8th overall PRO Men
Product design
Conrad has collaborated with Avia on Avi Stoltz off-road running shoe and on various products by Specialized.
External links
ConradStoltz.com – Conrad Stoltz Official Site
Profile from NOCSA – the National Olympic Committee of South Africa
1973 births
Living people
People from Lydenburg
People from Stellenbosch
Afrikaner people
South African people of German descent
Olympic triathletes of South Africa
South African male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Duathletes
Sportspeople from Mpumalanga
Jürgen Kraft (26 November 1951 – 11 June 2002) was a German racing cyclist. He won the German National Road Race in 1977.
References
External links
1951 births
2002 deaths
German male cyclists
People from Giessen (district)
Sportspeople from Giessen (region)
German cycling road race champions
Cyclists from Hesse
Black Ice () is a 2007 Finnish drama film written and directed by Petri Kotwica. Produced as a Finnish-German joint production, it stars actors Outi Mäenpää, Martti Suosalo and Ria Kataja in a twisted love triangle.
The film was first screened at the Helsinki International Film Festival on 26 September 2007 before being released to the Finnish movie theaters on 19 October 2007.
Black Ice was nominated for nine Jussi Awards, eventually winning five, including Best Lead Actress (Outi Mäenpää) and Best Film. Petri Kotwica was also nominated for Best Director at the Berlin International Film Festival as was Ria Kataja for her role as Tuuli at the Festroia International Film Festival.
Plot
Musta jää is a psychological Ménage à trois, where two women compete for the same man. Saara is a doctor who finds out her husband, an architecture teacher, is having an affair with a young student called Tuuli. Saara develops a new identity so she can befriend her husband's mistress. The movie takes place in Helsinki. The Canadian film If I Were You (2012), starring Marcia Gay Harden, Leonor Watling and Aidan Quinn reworks a similar storyline.
Cast
Outi Mäenpää as Saara, the wife. After finding out that her husband is cheating on her, Saara decides to create a new identity as Crista and befriends her husband's mistress in order to find out what he sees in her.
Martti Suosalo as Leo, the husband. An architecture teacher who seems to enjoy the attention he receives from his students. It is revealed by Tuuli that she is not the first affair he's had.
Ria Kataja as Tuuli, as the mistress. A student under Leo's tutelage, she eventually comes to perceive Saara's alter ego as a friend only to realize that something is not right.
Ville Virtanen as Ilkka, Leo's business partner and Lea's husband.
Sara Paavolainen as Lea, Leo's sister. She works at the hospital with Saara.
Other cast members include: Netta Heikkilä as Krista; Väinö Heiskanen as Joonas; Philipp Danne as Uwe; Matti Laine as Komu; Emilia Sinisalo as Receptionist; and Anne von Keller as Nurse.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack for Black Ice was written by Eicca Toppinen of the band Apocalyptica. The song "Black Ice" was released by Hanna Pakarinen as a promotional single for the film. A music video, depicting scenes from the film was also released. Lyrics for the theme song were written by Johnny Andrews.
"Interlude" - 3:29
"Deception" - 3:26
"Alone in the Dark" - 4:02
"New Start" - 1:37
"Caesarean" - 2:59
"Cooma II" - 6:39
"Terror" - 4:01
"Dream" - 3:58
"Fragility" - 2:57
"Exposure" - 2:41
"Love Song" - 3:43
"Iced Plan" - 1:39
"Evil Ground" - 3:34
"Transformation" - 2:35
"Atonement" - 2:09
"Black Ice" (ft. Hanna Pakarinen) - 4:05
Remake
Korean film Love, In Between is based on this film.
References
External links
2007 films
2007 drama films
2000s Finnish-language films
Finnish drama films
JumpStart Kindergarten (known as Jump Ahead Classic Kindergarten in the UK) is an educational video game developed by Fanfare Software and released by Knowledge Adventure on the MS-DOS platform in 1994 (v1.0). It was the first product released in the Jump start series and, as its name suggests, it is intended to teach kindergarten students. According to the Knowledge Adventure founder Bill Gross, it is the first educational software program that covers the entire kindergarten curriculum. It was ported to the Windows and Macintosh systems in 1995 (v1.2). It was updated with a new version on 24 November 1997 (v2.0). In 2000, the game was specially designed on VHS. That same year it was updated with additional content in a 2-CD Deluxe version in 2000 (v2.6), that included JumpStart Around the World. Eventually it was replaced in 2002 by JumpStart Advanced Kindergarten.
Gameplay
The game takes place in a kindergarten schoolhouse. The game is hosted by the teacher, an anthropomorphic gray bunny named Mr. Hopsalot. The specifics of the game vary from the two versions, but in both the user may access educational activities and simple games by clicking on objects. In the early version, all of the activities are accessible from a single screen inside the classroom. In the re-release, different areas of the classroom and the nearby areas outside containing activities may be explored and as a new addition playing activities earns the player stars.
Educational goals
During computer learning, the game teaches children basic pre-reading, vocabulary and math, plus songs five for entertainment. It introduces and reinforces lesson related to the Kindergarten curriculum and parents are able to check their children's progress report via a comprehensive Progress Report.
References
External links
Review of 1998 version on SuperKids
1994 video games
1995 video games
1998 video games
2000 video games
Children's educational video games
Kindergarten
Video game remakes
DOS games
JumpStart
Windows games
Classic macOS games
Video games about rabbits and hares
Video games developed in the United States
Haramije (tur. haramî: bandit, outlaw < arap. ḥarāmiyy: outlaw, punk), were lightly armed Croatian infantry. They were founded in 1539 to serve as a countermeasure against Ottoman incursions inside Croatian territory.
Context
Throughout the 16th century Croatia and Slavonia suffered from frequent Ottoman martolos raids. These Ottoman troops recruited from Balkan Vlachs (and others) usually made incursions deep inside Croatian-Slavonian territory, in order to kidnap people living there, take them back across Ottoman side of the border and then sell them on the Ottoman slave markets.
Formation
Croatian-Slavonian Parliament, which assembled on 8 May 1539 in Dubrava issued the legislative to recruit 300 strong haramija force, also inspired by Ottoman martolos, and assemble them during the summer and autumn of this year. They would be recruited by Croatian ban (viceroy), who would then deploy them on appropriate locations throughout the country. In order to pay for these new troops, the new taxes were also imposed. Haramijas would then be deployed in Croatian-Slavonian forts throughout the country in order to pursue and intercept any Ottoman martolos, which they would encounter.
After foundation of Ban's Frontier, haramije became integrated in its defense system. They were commanded by dukes or Harambašas. Non-paid members of people's army, who guarded Slavonian borders facing the Ottoman Empire were also dubbed as Haramijas. The unit was disbanded in 18th century, when Frontier Regiments were formed.
References
Military history of Croatia
Military units and formations of Croatia
Military of Croatia
Dennis Iapichino (born 27 July 1990) is a Swiss footballer who plays for Sion. He also holds Italian citizenship.
Club career
Switzerland
Iapichino was loaned by FC Basel to FC Biel-Bienne for part of the 2009-2010 season. He played 12 games for the second division side.
He was loaned out next to FC Lugano for the 2010-2011 season, playing 25 league games and 2 Swiss Cup games. The move was made permanent for the 2011-2012 season.
Major League Soccer
Montreal Impact
Iapichino signed with expansion side Montreal Impact of Major League Soccer on 11 July 2012. He parted ways with the club on 7 August 2013.
D.C. United
Iapichino signed with MLS club D.C. United on 15 August 2013.
Italy
Loan to Servette
On 25 January 2019, he joined Servette on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season.
Servette
On 1 July 2019, transfer to Servette was made permanent.
Sion
On 14 September 2020, he moved to Sion.
Honours
Montreal Impact
Canadian Championship (Voyageurs Cup) : 2013
References
External links
1990 births
People from Frauenfeld
Swiss people of Italian descent
Citizens of Italy through descent
Living people
Swiss footballers
Switzerland under-21 international footballers
FC Frauenfeld players
FC Basel players
FC Biel-Bienne players
FC Lugano players
CF Montréal players
D.C. United players
FC Winterthur players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
Servette FC players
FC Sion players
Swiss Challenge League players
Major League Soccer players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss expatriate footballers
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Thurgau
Gregory James Smith (born July 18, 1955) is a Canadian former ice hockey player. He played for five teams in the National Hockey League between 1976 and 1988. Internationally Smith represented the Canadian national team at the 1977 and 1979 World Championships.
Career
A stay-at-home defenceman who was selected by the California Golden Seals in the 1975 NHL Draft, Smith followed the franchise when it relocated to Cleveland in 1976, and when it folded in 1978 and merged with the Minnesota North Stars, where his rights were protected by the North Stars in the 1978 Cleveland-Minnesota Dispersal Draft. He played for Minnesota for three seasons, and his solid defensive play would help guide them to the finals in 1981.
Smith was traded to the Detroit Red Wings where he played for parts of five seasons until he was traded to the Washington Capitals at the trade deadline of the 1985–86 NHL season. He played for the Capitals until his retirement at the end of the 1987–88 NHL season.
Retirement
Smith spent much of his retirement in Billings, Montana, raising his family and coaching hockey. He has helped several players get into various Junior hockey leagues in both the US and Canada.
Family life
Smith currently resides in Billings, Montana with his wife.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
Profile at hockeydraftcentral.com
1955 births
Living people
Calgary Cowboys draft picks
California Golden Seals draft picks
California Golden Seals players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Cleveland Barons (NHL) players
Colorado College Tigers men's ice hockey players
Detroit Red Wings players
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Minnesota North Stars players
People from Ponoka, Alberta
Salt Lake Golden Eagles (CHL) players
Washington Capitals players
Findon is a western suburb of Adelaide, South Australia. It is located in the City of Charles Sturt.
History
In 1839, George Cortis was granted the land now constituting Findon, which he subdivided in 1848. The suburb may have been named for the town of Findon, United Kingdom, near Cortis' hometown of Worthing.
Geography
Findon lies astride Crittenden and Findon roads, in Adelaide's western suburbs. Grange Road forms its southern boundary.
Demographics
The 2016 Census by the Australian Bureau of Statistics counted 6,205 persons in Findon on census night. Of these, 47.7% were male and 52.3% were female.
60.9% of people were born in Australia. The next most common countries of birth were India 6.1%, Italy 6.1% and England 2.3%. 58.3% of people spoke only English at home. Other languages spoken at home included Italian 9.9%, Greek 3.4% and Punjabi 2.7%.
The most common responses for religion were Catholic 33.3% and No Religion 22.3%
Politics
Local government
Findon is part of Findon and Beverley wards in the City of Charles Sturt local government area, being represented in that council by Doriana Coppola and Joe Ienco (Findon), and by Edgar Agius and Mick Harley (Beverley).
State and federal
Findon lies in the state electoral district of Cheltenham and the federal electoral division of Port Adelaide. The suburb is represented in the South Australian House of Assembly by Jay Weatherill and federally by Mark Butler.
Community
Community groups
Findon Community Centre is located on Findon Road.
Schools
Findon High School is on Drummond Avenue. and Nazareth Catholic College Primary and Early Childhood Centre are on Crittenden Road.
Facilities and attractions
Shopping and dining
Shops are located on Findon Road and Grange Road.
Parks
Findon Oval, home of the Woodville District Baseball Club in summer months, and the Woodville Lacrosse Club in winter months, is located on Drummond Avenue, beside Findon Cycle Speedway, home of the Findon Skid Kids cycling club.
The other main greenspace in the suburb is Matheson Reserve, between Buccleuch Avenue and Dominion Avenue.
Other parks and reserves are located on Findon Road, Strathbogie Avenue, Pamela Street, Rondo Avenue and Dampier Avenue.
Basa Reserve, mainly located in neighbouring Beverley, extends into the suburb.
Basketball
Findon is home to the 8,000 seat Adelaide Arenas, home of the four time National Basketball League champions the Adelaide 36ers and home of five time Women's National Basketball League champions the Adelaide Lightning.
The A$16 million arenas, the largest purpose built basketball stadium in Australia, opened in 1992 as the Clipsal Powerhouse before a change of sponsorship saw a name change to the Distinctive Homes Dome in 2002. This lasted until 2009 when it became known as The Dome, and in 2010 the venue was renamed the Adelaide Arena. The main basketball court at the arena is known as the Brett Maher Court in honour of 36ers games record holder and three-time championship winning captain Brett Maher.
Transportation
Roads
Findon is primarily serviced by Findon Road and Crittenden Road, both of which pass through the suburb. Grange Road links Findon to Adelaide city centre and the coast.
Public transport
Findon is serviced by public transport run by the Adelaide Metro.
Buses
The suburb is serviced by buses run by the Adelaide Metro.
See also
List of Adelaide suburbs
References
External links
Suburbs of Adelaide
Populated places established in 1848
Presidential elections were held in Poland on 10 and 24 May 2015. In the first round of voting Law and Justice (PiS) candidate, lawyer and Member of the European Parliament, Andrzej Duda received the greatest number of votes with a share of 34.76%, followed by incumbent president Bronisław Komorowski (with 33.77%), who ran as an independent with the endorsement of the Civic Platform (PO), which he had renounced his membership in after winning the 2010 elections. Independent candidate Paweł Kukiz came third with 20.80% of the votes. As no candidate had received more than 50% of the votes cast, a second round was held on 24 May between the two highest-placed candidates, Duda and Komorowski. This round was won by Duda with 51.5% of the votes, to Komorowski's 48.5%.
Electoral system
The president was elected directly by the people to serve for five years, and can be re-elected only once. Pursuant to the provisions of the Constitution, the president had to be elected by an absolute majority of valid votes; if no candidate succeeds in passing this threshold, a second round of voting is held with the two candidates who received the largest and second largest number of votes respectively.
In order to be registered to contest the elections, candidates had to be a Polish citizen, at least 35 years old on the day of the first round of the election, and have collected at least 100,000 voters' signatures.
According to the article 28, the day of the election had to fall on a Sunday between 100 and 75 days before the end of the term of the incumbent. As the term of Bronisław Komorowski would officially end on 6 August 2015, the first round had to occur between 27 April and 22 May, so that the possible dates were theoretically either 3, 10, or 17 May, though in practice only the latter two were realistic possibilities as the first fell on Constitution Day, a national holiday.
This was the first presidential election carried out following changes in 2011.
Candidates
In total 23 candidates registered with the State Electoral Commission. Only 11 submitted the required 100,000 signatures supporting their candidacy before the 26 March deadline.:
Rejected candidates
The registered candidates who failed to submit 100,000 signatures supporting their run for office were:
Artur Głowacki, an entrepreneur
Anna Grodzka, the first transgender member of the Polish parliament, The Greens party candidate
Zdzisław Jankowski, deputy leader of Patriotic Poland party, former member of Sejm
Dariusz Łaska, a candidate representing a minor NGO Patriotic Community of Solidary Deliberation.
Stanisław Majdański, former senator, candidate of agrarian conservative Ojcowizna party.
Balli Marzec, ethnic Kazakh activist and publicist, candidate of NGO Kazakh Community.
Kornel Morawiecki, democratic activist in time of PRL, founder and leader of Fighting Solidarity, candidate in 2010 election.
Zenon Nowak, candidate of party Brave Dad protecting rights of fathers.
Wanda Nowicka, current Deputy Marshall of the Sejm, the candidate of the social-democratic party Labour United.
Iwona Piątek, leader of Women's Party
Adam Słomka, a former member of Sejm and an anti-communist activist
Among those who publicly announced their candidacy, but failed to register, were:
Waldemar Deska, a musician, former member of reggae band Daab, the candidate of the Libertarian Party, eventually withdrew his candidacy and expressed his support for Janusz Korwin-Mikke.
Włodzimierz Zydorczak, businessman and candidate of association Obywatelska RP. had his application rejected by the State Electoral Commission
Campaign
Television debates
One debate took place before the first round, on 5 May, chaired by Krzysztof Ziemiec and aired on TVP 1. Ten candidates attended the debate, while President Komorowski declined to appear.
Two debates took place before the second round, the first chaired by Dorota Gawryluk and by Krzysztof Ziemiec on 17 May, and the second on 21 May by TVN, chaired by Monika Olejnik, Bogdan Rymanowski and Justyna Pochanke. In both of these, the candidates also had the opportunity to pose questions to the other. Komorowski was generally regarded by the Polish press and political analysts to have won the first of the second-round debates. The second debate was considered to be less decisive.
Opinion polls
Nearly all opinion polls taken before the first round of the election predicted President Komorowski would receive the largest vote share in the first round, with some polls taken in late 2014 and early 2015 suggesting he was on track for an outright win that would avoid a runoff election.
Polls were closer in the second round, with most predicting a narrow Duda victory. At least one late poll showed Komorowski pulling ahead, but just slightly.
First round
Notes
PSL's candidate's name had not been announced at the time, however the poll asked about support for any potential party's candidate.
Including Ryszard Kalisz at 4%
Including Wojciech Olejniczak at 6.4%, Jarosław Kalinowski at 1.7%, Zbigniew Stonoga at 1%, and Mirosław Piotrowski at 0.4%
Including Ryszard Kalisz at 10%
Including Ryszard Kalisz at 3%
Second round
Results
Duda took a narrow first-place finish over Komorowski in the first round of the election on 10 May 2015, forcing the incumbent into a runoff. The result was described as a surprise, as the Komorowski camp and many political observers expected him to perform better or perhaps win outright. Paweł Kukiz, who finished third in the first round of voting, declined to endorse either Duda or Komorowski, instead offering to moderate a debate between the two candidates. Komorowski declined to participate, and the debate was never held.
In the second round of the election on 24 May, Duda unseated Komorowski in what was until 2020 the closest presidential election since Poland became a democracy. He defeated the incumbent by a margin of approximately three percentage points, according to official results.
Reactions
Komorowski said after the release of the exit poll that it was important to respect the result of the vote. He conceded defeat that evening and wished Duda "a successful presidency".
Duda hailed his victory as a vote for change. His campaign manager said the election showed that the Law and Justice bloc could win parliamentary elections scheduled for autumn, something that the party achieved.
Many world leaders, including United States President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and Russian President Vladimir Putin, congratulated Duda on his victory.
See also
2015 Polish parliamentary election
History of Poland (1989–present)
Polish Constitutional Court crisis, 2015
Notes
References
External links
Polish Election Committee
Poland
President
Poland
Presidential elections in Poland
The 2007 European heat wave affected most of Southern Europe and the Balkans. The phenomenon began affecting Italy and Turkey on 17 June and expanded into Greece and the rest of the Balkans, Hungary and Ukraine on 18 June. The costs of the heat wave were estimated at 2 billion euros.
April 2007
Mainz, Germany recorded an average high of for April, the strongest deviation (+) from the 1989-2018 average of any month. It was also the first calendar month without any measured precipitation since February 1959. A high of was reached on 14 April.
June 2007
Up until 21 June, temperatures generally hovered around in most of the aforementioned countries; however, starting on 22 June, temperatures skyrocketed in this entire region. From this point on Greece, Italy, Albania, Bulgaria, Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Romania and Turkey experienced record-breaking temperatures in a situation unprecedented even for these nations, typically used to conditions of extreme heat.
During the weekend of 23–24 June and on 25 June, temperatures soared to . By 26 June, however, Greece seemed to bear the brunt of the heatwave with temperatures in Athens reaching . The same day, Greece's national power consumption set a new record. Parts of Greece, including neighbourhoods in Athens, suffered from power outages due to high electricity demand and heat damage to the grid. Explosions from overheating transmission towers were implicated in the forest fires ravaging the country. The discomfort was exacerbated by high night-time temperatures, which exceeded averages by up to , and remained at very high levels for more than half of the 2007 summer.
More than 200 people were hospitalized for heat-related treatment and 18 people died from heat exhaustion. By 28 June northerly winds started blowing from the northwest and temperatures finally began falling, reaching a cooler . Nonetheless, at a time when everyone believed that the worst part was over, more than 100 fires erupted across the country. Two people perished in the village of Aghia, near the city of Larissa. In the evening of that same day a major wildfire broke out in Mount Parnitha near Athens. By the dawn of 29 June, a significant part of the popular Parnitha National Park had turned into ashes. Temperatures fell by as much as and the worst heatwave since records began came to an end leaving Greece reeling upon its disastrous effects.
July 2007
By late July, temperatures again rose to more than in Southern Europe, impacting agriculture, electricity supply, forestry and human health. From 21 to 25 July, temperatures reached or exceeded . Over 500 deaths in Hungary were attributed to the heatwave. Major wildfires destroyed large forested areas across the region. Six people (including two Canadair pilots) lost their lives while trying to extinguish the flames in Greece. The country's electricity grid nearly collapsed due to exceptional demand for air conditioning. Hundreds of tourists were stranded on the beaches of Apulia, in Southeastern Italy, and had to be rescued by boats.
In Bulgaria, six people were killed in the fires that started on 22 July. An estimated 1,530 fires broke out between 20 and 24 July, three times the yearly average. During the largest fire near Stara Zagora, of pine forest burned for three days, as firefighters were unable to control the fire by conventional means. Strong winds and the extremely dry air quickly sparked new fires. The government requested help from Russia, and Be-200 amphibious water bombers finally managed to contain the blaze near Stara Zagora.
August 2007
In the beginning of August, the Dalmatian coast in Croatia was hit by severe fires, especially in the surroundings of Dubrovnik.
See also
2007 Greek forest fires
2007 Asian heat wave
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Central/Eastern Europe: Heat Wave - Jul 2007 on ReliefWeb
European heat wave
European heat wave, 2007
June 2007 events in Europe
July 2007 events in Europe
Heat waves in Europe
Yoshida Dam is a rockfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 0.6 km2. The dam impounds about 13 ha of land when full and can store 877 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1977 and completed in 1983.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1983 establishments in Japan
Hans Neumayer (born 10 January 1956) is a former German racing cyclist. He won the German National Road Race in 1981 and 1982.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
German male cyclists
German cycling road race champions
People from Freising (district)
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
Cyclists from Bavaria
The Cedarville School Building, also known as the Old Rock School, is a historic school building on Crawford County Road 523 in Cedarville, Arkansas. It is a single-story rectangular masonry stone structure, with a deck-on-hip roof and a stone foundation. Its main facade (facing west) has a recessed entry under a slightly-projecting shed roof, with three banks of sash windows to its left. The school was built in 1931, and initially served as the city's high school. The building now serves as a community center.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County, Arkansas
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Crawford County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Crawford County, Arkansas
Beech Hill is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. The community has a population of 23. It is home to a baseball field, located inside of Beech Hill Road Park.
References
Beech Hill on Destination Nova Scotia
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Indiana vesiculovirus, formerly Vesicular stomatitis Indiana virus (VSIV or VSV) is a virus in the family Rhabdoviridae; the well-known Rabies lyssavirus belongs to the same family. VSIV can infect insects, cattle, horses and pigs. It has particular importance to farmers in certain regions of the world where it infects cattle. This is because its clinical presentation is identical to the very important foot and mouth disease virus.
The virus is zoonotic and leads to a flu-like illness in infected humans.
It is also a common laboratory virus used to study the properties of viruses in the family Rhabdoviridae, as well as to study viral evolution.
Properties
Indiana vesiculovirus is the prototypic member of the genus Vesiculovirus of the family Rhabdoviridae. VSIV is an arbovirus, and its replication occurs in the cytoplasm. Natural VSIV infections encompass two steps, cytolytic infections of mammalian hosts and transmission by insects. In insects, infections are noncytolytic persistent. One confirmed vector of the virus is the phlebotomine sand fly Lutzomyia shannoni. The genome of VSIV is on a single molecule of negative-sense RNA that has 11,161 nucleotides in length, that encodes five major proteins: G protein (G), large protein (L), phosphoprotein (P), matrix protein (M) and nucleoprotein (N):
The VSIV G protein, aka VSVG, enables viral entry. It mediates viral attachment to an LDL receptor (LDLR) or an LDLR family member present on the host cell. Following binding, the VSIV-LDLR complex is rapidly endocytosed. It then mediates fusion of the viral envelope with the endosomal membrane. VSIV enters the cell through partially clathrin-coated vesicles; virus-containing vesicles contain more clathrin and clathrin adaptor than conventional vesicles. Virus-containing vesicles recruit components of the actin machinery for their interaction, thus inducing its own uptake. VSIV G does not follow the same path as most vesicles because transport of the G protein from the ER to the plasma membrane is interrupted by incubation at 15 °C. Under this condition, the molecules accumulate in both the ER and a subcellular vesicle fraction of low density called the lipid-rich vesicle fraction. The material in the lipid-rich vesicle fraction appears to be a post-ER intermediate in the transport process to the plasma membrane (PM). After infection, the VSIV G gene is expressed and is commonly studied as a model for N-linked glycosylation in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER). It is translated into the rough ER where the Glc3-Man9-GlcNac2 oligosaccharide is added by a dolichol-containing protein, to an NXS motif on VSIV G. Sugars are removed gradually as the protein travels to the Golgi apparatus, and it becomes resistant to endoglycosidase H. When synthesized in polarized epithelial cells, the envelope glycoprotein VSV G is targeted to the basolateral PM. VSVG is also a common coat protein for lentiviral vector expression systems used to introduce genetic material into in vitro systems or animal models, mainly because of its extremely broad tropism.
The VSIV L protein is encoded by half the genome, and combines with the phosphoprotein to catalyze replication of the mRNA.
The VSIV M protein is encoded by an mRNA that is 831 nucleotides long and translates to a 229 amino acid-protein. The predicted M protein sequence does not contain any long hydrophobic or nonpolar domains that might promote membrane association. The protein is rich in basic amino acids and contains a highly basic amino terminal domain.
The VSV N protein is required to initiate genome synthesis.
Vesicular stomatitis
Clinical signs and diagnosis
The main sign in animals is oral disease appearing as mucosal vesicles and ulcers in the mouth, but also on the udder and around the coronary band. Animals may show systemic signs such as anorexia, lethargy and pyrexia (fever). Disease usually resolves within two weeks, and animals usually recover completely.
Cases of human infection with vesicular stomatitis virus have been described. Most of these cases have been among laboratory workers, veterinarians, and livestock handlers. In most cases, VSV infection has resulted in a short 3 to 5 day illness characterized by fever, headache, myalgia, weakness and occasionally vesicular lesions of the mouth. Serological testing is most commonly performed with an ELISA or complement fixation, and viral isolation can also be attempted.
Treatment and control
No specific treatment is available, but some animals may require supportive fluids or antibiotics for secondary infections.
Control relies on biosecurity protocols, quarantine, isolation and disinfection to ensure the viral disease does not enter a country or herd.
Medical applications
Oncolytic therapy
In healthy human cells the virus cannot reproduce, likely because of the interferon response, which allows the cells to adequately respond to viral infection. The same cannot be said of interferon non-responsive cancer cells, a quality which allows VSIV to grow and lyse oncogenic cells preferentially.
Recently, attenuated VSIV with a mutation in its M protein has been found to have oncolytic properties. Research is ongoing, and has shown VSIV to reduce tumor size and spread in melanoma, lung cancer, colon cancer and certain brain tumors in laboratory models of cancer.
Anti-HIV therapy
VSIV was modified to attack HIV-infected T-cells. The modified virus was called a "trojan horse" virus
Ebola vaccine
Recombinant VSIV has undergone phase 1 trials as a vaccine for Ebola virus.
Recombinant VSIV expressing the Ebola virus glycoprotein has undergone phase III trials in Africa as a vaccine for Ebola virus disease. The vaccine was shown to be 76-100% effective in preventing Ebola virus disease. (see also rVSV-ZEBOV vaccine) In December 2019, Merck & Co.'s rVSV-ZEBOV vaccine Ervebo was approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat individuals 18 and older.
Other Uses
Replication competent rVSV has also been created expressing proteins of Lassa fever and Marburg virus.
Other applications
The VSIV G protein is routinely used in biomedical research to pseudotype retroviral and lentiviral vectors, conferring the ability to transduce a broad range of mammalian cell types with genes of interest.
The VSIV G protein has also been used in cytological studies of trafficking in the endomembrane system. Immunoelectron microscopy suggests that VSIV G protein moves from cis to trans Golgi bodies without being transported between them in vesicles, supporting the cisternal maturation model of Golgi trafficking.
VSV is often used to perform quantitative and computational studies on viral genome replication and transcription. Such studies help build a better understanding of viral behavior in the presence and absence of innate immune response.
In 2020, a possible vaccine against COVID-19, the disease caused by SARS-CoV-2, was developed based on modified VSV. The modification involved replacing the VSV's surface protein genes with those for SARS-CoV-2's spike proteins.
See also
Vesiculovirus matrix proteins
Viral neuronal tracing
rVSV-ZEBOV vaccine
References
External links
ViralZone: Vesiculovirus
Vesicular Stomatitis Virus from The Lab-On-Site Project.
Disease card on World Organisation for Animal Health
Vesiculoviruses
de:Stomatitis vesicularis
The Battle of Manila (1570) (; Spanish: Batalla de Manila en el 1570) was fought in Manila between the native Filipinos led by King Sulayman, and the Spaniards led by Martin de Goiti, maestre de campo, on 24 May 1570. Goiti's forces were victorious and Manila later became the capital of the Spanish East Indies.
Events
By the late 1560s, Miguel López de Legazpi who had left Mexico with a retinue of Spanish and Mexican soldiers, was already searching for a more suitable place to establish the Spanish colonial capital, having found first Cebu and then Iloilo undesirable because of insufficient food supplies and attacks by Portuguese pirates. He was in Cebu when he first heard about a well-supplied, fortified settlement to the north, and sent messages of friendship to its ruler, Rajah Matanda, whom he addressed as "King of Luzon." In 1570, Legazpi put Martin de Goiti in command of an expedition north to Manila and tasked him with negotiating the establishment of a Spanish fort there.
De Goiti arrived in May 1570, anchored at Cavite on the mouth of Manila Bay. He was initially well received by Maynila's ruler Rajah Matanda, who, as former commander of the naval forces of the Sultanate of Brunei, had already had dealings with the Magellan expedition in late 1521. Negotiations broke down, however, when another ruler, Rajah Sulayman, arrived and began treating the Spanish belligerently, saying that the Tagalog people would not submit to Spanish sovereignty. The accounts of the De Goiti mission report that Tondo's ruler, Lakandula, sought to participate in these negotiations early on, but De Goiti intentionally ignored Lakandula because he wanted to focus on Maynila, which Legaspi wanted to use as a headquarters because it was already fortified, whereas Tondo was not.
By May 24, negotiations had broken down, and according to the Spanish accounts, their ships fired their cannon as a signal for the expedition boats to return. Whether or not this claim was true, the rulers of Maynila perceived this to be an attack and as a result, Sulayman ordered an attack on the Spanish forces still within the city. The battle was very brief. The Spanish Conquistadors together with their regiment of newly converted native warriors from the Visayas proved to be too overwhelming for the forces of Maynila. The battle concluded with the city being set on fire.
Although the Spanish accounts claim that De Goiti ordered his men to set the fire, some still cast doubt on this. Some historians believe it is more likely that the fire was caused by Maynila forces themselves executing a scorched earth retreat which was a common military tactic in the Philippine archipelago at the time.
De Goiti proclaimed victory, symbolically claimed Maynila on behalf of Spain, then quickly returned to Legaspi because he knew that his naval forces were outnumbered. Contemporary writers believe the survivors of Maynila's forces would have fled across the river to Tondo and other neighboring towns.
Aftermath
In 1571, the Spaniards returned with their entire force consisting of 280 Spaniards and Mexicans and 600 native allies from Panay, this time led by Legazpi himself. They successfully occupied Maynila by crushing the resistance posed by tens of thousands of native Muslim militia, and established a settlement there. On May 19, 1571, Legaspi gave the title city to the colony of Manila.
A Kapampangan leader of the Macabebe polity, later identified as Tarik Sulayman (from Arabic طارق سليمان Tāriq Sulaiman), refused to submit to the Spaniards and, after failing to gain the support of the kings of Manila (Lakandula, Matanda) and Hagonoy, Bulacan, gathered a formidable force composed of Kapampangan warriors. He subsequently fought and lost the Battle of Bangkusay Channel. The Spanish solidified their control over Manila and Legazpi was able to establish a municipal government for Manila on June 24, 1571, which eventually became the capital of the entire Spanish East Indies colony and subsequently the capital of the Philippines.
The initial population of the city was around 250.
References
Sources
Relation of the Voyage in Luzon sa Blair & Robertson. The Philippine Islands, 1493–1803;Volume III, 1569–1576.
Scott, William Henry. Barangay, Sixteenth Century Philippine Culture and Society. QC: Ateneo De Manila University Press, 1991.
Military history of the Philippines
Battles involving the Philippines
Battles involving Spain
History of Manila
1570 in military history
Tanqwa is a river of northern Ethiopia. Rising in the mountains of Dogu'a Tembien (2510 metres above sea level), it flows westward to Giba River which empties finally in the Tekezé River.
Hydrography
It is a confined river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with a slope gradient of 25 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Tributaries
Tributaries, upstream from Abiy Addi, include
Tsech'i River
May Qoqah
Arwadito
Adawro River
Hydrology
Hydrological characteristics
The runoff footprint or annual total runoff volume is 41 million m³ at the bridge in Abiy Addi and 79 million m³ at the confluence with Giba River at Barashuwa.
Peak discharges up to 543 m³ per second occur in the second part of the rainy season (month of August) when there are strong rains and the soils are saturated with water in many places.
The percentage of total rainfall that directly leaves the catchment as storm runoff (also called runoff coefficient) is 23%. This is high, in comparison to other rivers of the Giba River basin, and has been explained by the fact that the larger part of the Tanqwa basin is composed of impervious rocks, particularly Ashangi Basalts, Alaji Basalts and Precambrian basement rocks.
The total amount of sediment that is transported by this river amounts to 596,000 tonnes per year. Median sediment concentration in the river water is 3.95 grammes per litre, but may go up to 68 g/L. The highest sediment concentrations occur at the beginning of the rainy season, when loose soil and dust is washed away by overland flow and ends up in the river.
As such water contains many nutrients (locally it is called “aygi”), farmers estimate that it strengthens their cattle, which they will bring to the river. All in all, average sediment yield is 3627 tonnes per km² and per year. All measurements were done at purposively installed stations, in the years 2006-2007.
Flash floods
Runoff mostly occurs in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow. These flash floods mostly occur during the evening or night, because the convective rain showers occur in the afternoon.
Changes over time
Evidence given by Italian aerial photographs of the catchment, taken in the 1930s show that 63% of the catchment was covered with woody vegetation (against 32% in 2014). This vegetation could slow down runoff and the runoff coefficient was smaller (13% in 1935 against 23% in 2014). As a consequence, discharges in the river were less and the river was narrower than today.
Up to the 1980s, there was strong pressure on the environment, and much vegetation disappeared. This river had its greatest discharges and width in that period.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased in recent years due to interventions in the catchment. On other steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Transhumance towards the river gorge
The valley bottoms in the gorges of this river have been identified as a transhumance destination zone.
Transhumance takes place in the summer rainy season, when the lands near the villages are occupied by crops. Young shepherds will take the village cattle down to the gorge and overnight in small caves. The gorges are particularly attractive as a transhumance destination zone, because there is water and good growth of semi-natural vegetation.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Phonolite plugs
Upper basalt
Interbedded lacustrine deposits
Lower basalt
Amba Aradam Formation
Antalo Limestone
Adigrat Sandstone
Edaga Arbi Glacials
Precambrian basement rocks
Natural boundary
During its course, this river passes through nine municipalities and three woredas and constitutes six different borders. From upstream to downstream:
Border between Hagere Selam and Melfa, both in Dogu'a Tembien
Border between Lim'at and Melfa, both in Dogu'a Tembien
Border between Aregen and Melfa, both in Dogu'a Tembien
Border between Aregen and Degol Woyane, both in Dogu'a Tembien
Border between Aregen (Dogu'a Tembien) and Geramba (Kola Tembien)
Crosses the town of Abiy Addi
Border between Kola Tembien and Abergele (woreda)
Trekking along the river
Trekking routes have been established across and along this river. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files.
Trek 6, along the middle Tanqwa course
Trek 20, along the upper Tanqwa course
In the rainy season, flash floods may occur and it is advised not to follow the river bed. Frequently, it is then also impossible to wade across the river.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Dogu'a Tembien
Tigray Region
Sir James Abercromby of Birkenbog, 2nd Baronet (c. 1670 – 20 September 1734) was a Scottish baronet and politician.
He was the oldest son of Sir Alexander Abercromby, 1st Baronet and his third wife Elizabeth Baird, daughter of Sir James Baird. Abercromby succeeded his father as baronet in 1684. He entered the Parliament of Scotland in 1693, sitting as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Banffshire until 1702.
Abercromby had a library of some importance, and books with his engraved bookplate can still be found in libraries today.
Abercromby married Mary Gordon, daughter of Arthur Gordon. They had fifteen children, ten sons and five daughters. Abercromby was succeeded in the baronetcy by his third and oldest surviving son Robert.
References
1670s births
1734 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia
Shire Commissioners to the Parliament of Scotland
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1689–1702
Banffshire
James
Jesen () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kanal ob Soči in western Slovenia. Until 2007, the area was part of the settlement of Gorenja Vas. The settlement is part of the traditional region of the Slovenian Littoral and is included in the Gorizia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Jesen at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Kanal
2007 establishments in Slovenia
The Tanzania national rugby union team represents Tanzania in international rugby union. They are known as the Twigas (Swahili for "giraffes"). Tanzania is a member of the International Rugby Board.
In the 1970s, expatriates and Tanzanians regularly played on the national team in an annual competition against Kenya. Tanzania played their first officially recognised international match in 2004, defeating Burundi. Tanzania won the CAR Castel Cup in 2006.
Tanzania won the 2007 CAR Castel Cup Division 2, South Zone, Pool A tournament held in Arusha late June. The 'Twigas' defeated Mayotte 18-11 on June 26 and Rwanda 53-6 on June 30. Burundi were unable to send their team. Tanzania went on to play Botswana, the winner of South Zone, Pool B, in Gaborone on 18 August. Tanzania lost 14-37.
See also
East Africa rugby union team
Rugby union in Tanzania
Notes
a. The first match for both Kenya and Tanzania (Tanganyika at the time) took place in 1954 at Arusha. It was held shortly before the First Tuskers Copperbelt tour later that year and served as a selection trial for the tour. This match was won by Kenya though the exact score is not known. The next year the fixture was repeated, again at Arusha, Tanganyika winning by 11 points to 3. The third match occurred a year later in 1956, again at Arusha; Kenya winning this encounter 0-13.
External links
Tanzania on IRB.com
Tanzania win CAR Castel Cup
Tanzania on rugbydata.com
Rugby in Tanzania
References
African national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Tanzania
R
Albert Divo (24 January 1895, in Paris – 19 September 1966, in Morsang-sur-Orge, Essonne, France) was a Grand Prix motor racing driver. He was born in Paris, France. In 1922, Divo competed in the International Tourist Trophy endurance race on the Isle of Man. He scored his first major victory driving for Sunbeam at the 1923 Spanish Grand Prix at the Sitges Terramar circuit about 40 km outside Barcelona.
Driving for Delage, in 1924 he finished second behind Giuseppe Campari in the European Grand Prix at Lyon. The following year he won two major Grand Prix events for Delage. In July he captured the French Grand Prix at the Autodrome de Montlhéry after his car went out of the race and he took over from teammate Robert Benoist. In September he shared victory with teammate André Morel at the San Sebastián Grand Prix at Circuito Lasarte. In 1927 he finished third in the British Grand Prix at Brooklands. The next year, he drove a Bugatti Type 35 to victories in the 1928 and 1929 Targa Florio.
Albert Divo was a founding member of the Club International des Anciens Pilotes de Grand Prix F1 in 1962 in Villars-sur-Ollon, Switzerland. He died in 1966 and was buried in the Morsang-sur-Orge cemetery in the department of the Essonne near Paris.
Major race wins
1923 - Spanish Grand Prix (Sunbeam)
1925 - San Sebastián Grand Prix, French Grand Prix (Delage)
1926 - GP du Salon (Talbot)
1927 - ACF Libre (Talbot)
1928 - Targa Florio
1929 - Targa Florio
Complete European Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position)
French racing drivers
Grand Prix drivers
1895 births
1966 deaths
Racing drivers from Paris
European Championship drivers
Streets of Bollywood is a compilation album of songs from Bollywood movies, remixed by British Asian music artists. Among the artists are Hunterz, Metz & Trix, and Kami K (who produced the most tracks, at 3, plus two re-remixes at the end of the album). Several of the artists would also feature on the later similarly themed Bollywood Breaks Vol. 1.
The remixing of the songs consisted of new beats and backing music, as well as adding rapping in English interspersed with the original Hindi lyrics.
Track listing
Listing is in the format: Original name (Film) - Remix name (Artist)
Sharara (Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai) - Burning hopeless Desire (Kami K - originally Kami P)
Aap Ka Aana (Kurukshetra) - Baby Girl Remix of baby got back (Hunterz)
Zara Zara (Rehna Hai Tere Dil Mein) - Intoxicate (Kami K - originally Kami P)
Mehndi Laga Ke Rakhna (Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge) - Henna (J-Skillz)
Deedee Tera Devar (Hum Aap Ke Hain Koun) - Ladies in a Frenzy fridge (Metz & Trix)
Intezaar (Paap) - Waiting For You to help me (White Rascul)
Silsile (Bardaasht) - As One (Kami K - originally Kami P)
Zindagi Ban Gaye Ho Tum (Kasoor) - Bollywood Queen (Surinder Rattan)
Dil Leke (Na Tum Jaano Na Hum) - Your Coming With Me (sic) (Metz & Trix)
Sharara (Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai) - Burning Desire (Instrumental) (Kami K - originally Kami P)
Zara Zara (Rehna Hai Tere Dil Mein) - Intoxicate me Instrumental (Kami K - originally Kami P)
2004 compilation albums
Bhangra (music) albums
White Mischief is a brand of Indian vodka and brandy manufactured by Shaw Wallace Distilleries Ltd, now part of the United Breweries Group (UB Group). United Spirits Ltd, the spirits division of UB Group, claims a market share of 46%, making it the largest selling vodka in India.
White Mischief vodka is India's best selling vodka with about 48% market share in the regular vodka segment. It appeals to the youth and is positioned as a young, fun and flirty brand. Zayed Khan was hired as its brand ambassador in 2005.
White Mischief sponsors the cheerleaders in Indian Premier League. They are popularly known as White Mischief Gals.
In 2003, Shaw Wallace extended the White Mischief brand to brandy. The company consciously decided to launch White Mischief Brandy, initially in the State of Kerala as it was the prime brandy market in India. The company also launched a White Mischief Zing, a lime flavoured vodka variant of White Mischief vodka, the same year.
References
Indian drink brands
Indian vodkas
United Spirits brands
Tracy Byrnes (born 1970) is an American television business news anchor, journalist, and accountant who worked for the Fox Business Network. Byrnes appeared as a recurring panelist on Fox Business Channel stocks and investment news programs Cashin' In, Bulls & Bears and Your World with Neil Cavuto. She formerly hosted the 1 P.M. ET weekday FBN Live on FoxNews.com Live. She joined Fox Business Network as a reporter in October 2007 after being a recurring guest since 2005. She left Fox Business Network in March 2015.
Early life and education
Byrnes, born into a Sicilian-American family, was raised in Northern New Jersey and is a 1992 Graduate of Lehigh University with a B.A. in Economics and two English minors. After college, Byrnes embarked on a career at Ernst & Young LLP as a senior accountant. Byrnes later advanced her education receiving her M.B.A. in Accounting from Rutgers University Graduate School of Management.
Career as Columnist, Author
Byrnes began her financial journalism career in 1997. As a freelance business columnist, Byrnes has written columns for The Wall Street Journal and the New York Post. Prior to freelancing, she spent four years as a senior writer for TheStreet.com, In 2008, Byrnes released her first book, Break Down Your Money: How to Get Beyond the Noise to Profit in the Markets. In 2015 Byrnes founded the Wine focused content site WineOnTheStreet.com.
Family
Byrnes is divorced. She is a mother of three children, two girls and a boy. It's not known if she's still receiving alimony after the divorced despite her public claims that women do not need men's money.
References
External links
IMDB bio
Tracy Byrnes bio at premierespeakers.com
Tracy Byrnes @ Wineonthestreet.com
Tracy Byrnes @ FamilyProof.com
1970 births
American accountants
Women accountants
American business and financial journalists
American people of Italian descent
American television news anchors
Lehigh University alumni
Living people
People from New Jersey
Rutgers University alumni
Women in finance
American women television journalists
Women business and financial journalists
21st-century American women
Fox Business people
Kaure–Kapori is an obsolete language-classification proposal that linked two language families,
Kapauri–Sause languages
Kaure–Kosare languages
Despite a history of linking these two families, there is no evidence for any particular connection. Foley (2018) considers the evidence linking Kaure with Kapauri to be insufficient, and considers Kapauri to be an isolated.
References
Languages of Indonesia
Proposed language families
Papuan languages
The Athletic Association of the Great Public Schools of New South Wales (AAGPS) is a sporting association of boys' schools in New South Wales, Australia that contest sporting events among themselves. The AAGPS was formed on 30 March 1892, and today has nine members - eight Sydney schools and one northern NSW country school. The descriptor 'Public School' references the historical usage of the term and the model of the British public school.
AAGPS representative sports sides are selected typically for matches against representative sides of the Combined Associated Schools (CAS), Independent Schools Association (ISA) and Combined High Schools (CHS).
Of the 130 Rhodes Scholars from 1904 to 2006 and from New South Wales, 85 attended a GPS School.
History
The Athletic Association of the Great Public Schools of New South Wales (AAGPS) was formed at a meeting held at Gunsler's Café, near Circular Quay, on 30 March 1892. The schools represented at this first meeting were The King's School, Saint Ignatius' College, St Joseph's College, All Saints' College, Bathurst and the North Shore Grammar School (Shore). On 12 April, representatives from Sydney Grammar School, Newington College and Cooerwull Academy joined those who had attended the first meeting.
A third meeting was held on 28 April 1892, where membership of the AAGPS was clarified, and St Patrick's College, Goulburn, St Stanislaus College, Bathurst, and The Scots College joined those Schools who attended the first two meetings.
Sydney High School applied for membership in March 1894, but were not accepted for admission until 14 February 1906. The final entrant was The Armidale School, who was admitted to the Association on 7 May 1897.
Schools
Current member schools
Former member schools
Sports and trophies
The sports contested are:
Rugby union
The official rugby union competition commenced in 1892.
1st Grade School Challenge Trophy Presented by the President and Vice Presidents of The New South Wales Rugby Football Union was first awarded in 1986 replacing an earlier shield.
2nd Grade W.S.Corr Shield. The shield has "AAGPS 2nd Grade Football" engraved on it. It was first presented in 1913.
Athletics
The official athletics competition commenced in 1892. In 1912 the competition was divided into two levels – senior and junior. In 2012 a third level, intermediate, was added.
Senior Championship Shield for Athletics was first awarded in 1895. In 1908 a new Senior Shield replaced a previous trophy which was full having been first presented in 1873 when a race for All Schools was first held at each school carnival. The new shield was back dated to 1895. The current holders from 2019 are Newington College.
The Intermediate Championship for Athletics was first awarded in 2012 to The King's School. The holders of 2019 are The King's School.
Junior Athletic Championship AAAGPS was first awarded in 1912 and presented to Athletic Association of the Great Public Schools of NSW 11 May 1895. Engraved on the back is "The Ladies Challenge Plate". The holders of 2017 are The King's School.
Cricket
The official cricket competition commenced in 1893. As early as 1897 the competition was in First and Second Grade.
1st XI A.A.G.P.S. Challenge Shield for Cricket first awarded in 1893 and currently held by St Ignatius' College.
2nd XI A.A.G.P.S Cricket Second Grade first awarded in 1915 and currently held by The King's School.
Rowing
The official rowing competition commenced in 1893. Some schools had competed at club competition before then. The Head of the River is the main event of the rowing season. It takes place annually in the first term at the Sydney International Regatta Centre.
1st VIII 1910 onwards Major Rennie Trophy presented by Z.C. Rennie in 1894. Prior to 1910 the Major Rennie Trophy was awarded for the First Four race, there being no First Eight race until that year.
2nd VIII 1968 onwards LC Robson Trophy. Robson was Shore's Headmaster (1923-1958).
1st IV 1893 onwards Yaralla Cup presented by Miss (later Dame) Eadith Walker in 1906. From 1906 to 1911, inclusive, the Yaralla Cup was awarded for the Second Four race. In 1912 the Yaralla Cup became the First Four trophy.
2nd IV 1918 onwards Alan Callaway Trophy first awarded 1979. Callaway was a Sydney Boys High School Rowing coach.
3rd IV 1920 onwards Father Gartlan Trophy first awarded 1983. Father Gartlan was the founder of the SIC Rowing Club in 1882.
4th IV 1927 onwards Penrith City Council Trophy first awarded 1986. Awarded by Penrith City Council to mark 50 years of AAGPS rowing on the Nepean.
Rifle shooting
The official rifle shooting competition commenced in 1905 but results of the National Rifle Association competition are recorded from 1893. The AAGPS decided in 1903 to formally admit Shooting as one of its sports.
The National Rifle Association Shield purchased by the AAGPS in 1905. The NRA competition had been held annually for many years prior to 1905.
The Rawson Cup presented in 1905 by Sir Harry Rawson Governor of New South Wales and Patron of the AAGPS. In 1910 it became a perpetual trophy.
The Buchanan Shield from 1905 to 1912 was known as the GPS Challenge Shield but in 1913 was renamed to honour CA Buchanan, a long serving Newington master.
GPSAAA Rifle Shooting Second Grade Premiership Shield - 2nd team first awarded in 1917.
Tennis
The official tennis competition commenced in 1972.
1st team NSW LTA Shield First Grade AAGPS first awarded in 1972 and currently held by The King's School.
2nd team NSW LTA Shield Second Grade AAGPS first award in 1972.
The AAGPS and CAS First Teams compete annually for the John Brown Trophy
Basketball
The official basketball competition commenced in 1975.
1st Team HD Hake Shield first awarded 1975 was presented by The King's School in memory of Herbert Denys Hake OBE Headmaster of Kings (1939-1964).
2nd Team TE Bawden Shield first awarded 1975 was presented by The King's School Council.
The AAGPS and CAS First Teams complete annually for the PJ Yeend Cup presented by Basketball NSW.
The 1sts and 2nds premierships are currently held by Shore and Riverview.
Swimming
The official swimming competition commenced in 2000. Unofficial competition commenced in 1987 among all nine schools but competitions between the schools via a GPS Relay at each School's Swimming Carnival started in 1922. Between 1903 and 1921, All Schools races were held over various distances at each school's Swimming Carnival.
Cross-country
The official cross-country competition commenced in 1988.
Senior Cross Country NA Emery Shield was first awarded in 1988.
Football
The official football competition commenced in 1988
1st Grade The Wanderers' Cup for AAGPS Soccer presented in 1988 by The King's School to mark the first school-based game of soccer in Australia between The King's School and The Gentlemen Wanderers played in Parramatta on 14 August 1880.
2nd Grade GPS 2nd Soccer XI Premiership first awarded in 1988.
The official "plate" competition commenced in 2015 with all metropolitan schools competing for the 1st XI and 2nd XI GPS ‘Plate' trophy. The competition is played in Term 2 prior to the Premiership Rounds.
In 2022, The Scots College Second XI went undefeated in their plate campaign, beating Shore 1-0 in the final to secure the silverware. The team was one of the most talented teams schoolboy football has ever seen. Aayan Jagavkar had an unbelievable tournament between the sticks, keeping clean sheets against SBHS and Shore in the final. Zach Howell, Matt Foster, Beau Leury and Aidan Bennie were impenetrable in the back line, and their ability to switch the play was excellent. The attacking trio of Stanley Jasczyk, Josh Reynolds and Matt Hield were clinical as ever in front of the net, especially Jasczyk who played as centre forward. However, where this team excelled was in the midfield. With Edwin Cheers holding down the fort at number 6, and Lochlan Doyle and Andy Tan the creators, no team stood a chance. Scots that year was unbeatable, and they will go down as one of the best second teams in GPS history.
Notable GPS sporting alumni
References
GPS Results Archive
External links
GPS website
The King's School
Newington College
Saint Ignatius' College
St Joseph's College
Sydney Boys High School
Sydney Church of England Grammar School
Sydney Grammar School
The Armidale School
The Scots College
Australian school sports associations
1892 establishments in Australia
Peter Ragone III is an American public affairs expert, entrepreneur and investor active in a range of political, corporate and civic efforts. Since 2007 (with a break during his tenure as Senior Advisor to the Mayor of New York City), Ragone has started, advised and invested in companies.
In 2011, Ragone founded Exiles, Inc., a company devoted to organizing online clubs for sports fans that live outside the home market of their favorite teams.
Ragone has served in advisory roles for a range of local, state and national political figures including United States Vice-president Al Gore, Andrew Cuomo, Governor of New York State and California Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom. From January 2013 to March 2014, Ragone served as Senior Adviser for Strategic Planning for New York Mayor de Blasio.
Early life and career
Originally from Merrick, New York, Ragone had an early passion for politics. In high school, he subscribed to The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal and started the Political Awareness Club.
Ragone attended State University of New York at Albany where he studied political science, history and Italian. Just after college, Ragone served as president of the New York State Young Democrats. He got his start in Democratic politics by recruiting young voters on behalf of Jerry Jennings, alderman who was running for Mayor of Albany. Jennings continues to serve as Mayor.
When Ragone graduated in 1993, Jennings offered to put him on his campaign payroll, but Ragone resisted. In a 2000 interview with The New York Observer, Ragone said “I didn't think that I should take money to do something that I believed in.” Later Ragone went to work for the New York State Democratic Party early in the tenure of state chairwoman Judith Hope.
National and state politics
Though Ragone was unqualified, by his own account, to serve as a national campaign's press officer, the Clinton-Gore coordinated campaign in 1996 selected him for the job. It was during the re-election campaign that Ragone met now New York Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio who called Ragone "energetic, idealistic, willing to do anything...He was extremely persistent." According to a profile in the San Francisco Chronicle, Ragone considers de Blasio one of his mentors.
The New York Observer wrote Ragone secured the position due to his “work-for-nothing gene.” Because the New York primary was uncontested, the campaign didn't want to spend significant money in the state. Thus the young Ragone was as a perfect fit for the role. After the campaign, Ragone briefly worked for public relations executive Ken Sunshine before signing on for the gubernatorial campaign of City Council Speaker Peter Vallone.
Within days of Vallone's loss, Ragone was hired to work for HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo, who described Ragone as "deeply committed to social justice." Cuomo also remarked, “sometimes pros in politics become part of a business and lose the advocation" and that "Peter is principle first.” In total, Ragone worked at HUD for nine months, before leaving to join Hillary Rodham Clinton's campaign for New York Senate.
After his brief stint with the Clinton Senate campaign, Ragone began work with Al Gore's campaign for president. In his role as press secretary, Ragone directed press strategy in New York and California. Whenever the Vice President visited New York during this primary against Bill Bradley, Ragone was one of the handful of people who briefed Gore daily.
In 2002, Ragone returned to Cuomo's side for his unsuccessful attempt at the New York State governorship. Ragone also served as chief spokesman for Andrew Cuomo in his 2002 run for New York governor. Cuomo chose Ragone for this role after he worked as Cuomo's national press office director during his tenure as Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary under the Clinton administration. Ragone also served on former Governor Mario Cuomo's campaign for reelection in 1994. In 2003, Ragone served as Communications Director for the Governor of California before assuming the role of spokesman for California's Against Costly Recall, Governor Gray Davis' campaign attempt to defeat the recall election. Ragone also briefly served on Hillary Rodham Clinton's first campaign for Senate and got his start in national politics during the Clinton-Gore coordinated presidential campaign in 1996.
In 2008, Ragone served in a volunteer communications role with Senator Hillary Clinton's campaign for President - working in California, Texas and North Carolina.
In 2014, Ragone was named Senior Adviser for Strategic Planning for New York Mayor de Blasio.
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom
Ragone played a crucial role in crafting then-San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom major policy issues on topics such as same-sex marriage, universal healthcare and homelessness. In Gavin Newsom's campaign for mayor in 2003, Ragone—who lives in San Francisco and had met Newsom before—began to volunteer on the campaign.
Starting in January 2004, Ragone served as Newsom's press secretary and his most influential aide and friend. Sam Singer, a public relations consultant, said of Ragone: "He was able to take a newly elected mayor and help position the mayor's administration in a Kennedy-like manner that created an image of a new Camelot. It's very hard to find a communications director of Ragone's ability who can create large-scale imagery."
Ragone played a major role in Newsom's decision to marry same-sex couples in City Hall. According to sources quoted by the San Francisco Chronicle, Ragone was one of a small group of government advisors that supported Newsom's marriage decision. After Newsom announced his plans to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, hundreds flooded City Hall with requests to marry, earning the young mayor and his staff national media attention.
In 2007, Ragone sparked controversy after admitting he posted, under a pseudonym, positive messages online about Newsom while belittling the mayor's detractors. In 2008, Ragone assisted Newsom in his campaign for Lieutenant Governor of California. He currently serves as a senior advisor to Newsom.
Committee & board memberships
Ragone is a member of the California Democratic Party's finance committee and served on the party Executive Committee.
In 2010, Ragone was named Vice Chair of the Board of the San Francisco America's Cup Organizing Committee, an organization focused on the 2013 America's Cup sailing races being held on the San Francisco Bay. He serves along with Hollywood mogul Steve Bing, Tom Perkins, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, and George Shultz.
Ragone was also a member of the Board of Directors of the Tahoe Winter Olympic Games Committee, an organization devoted to bringing the Winter Olympics to the Greater Tahoe area in 2022.
Ragone was also a member of the board of directors of ChinaSF, a business organization committed to the development of ties between private companies in San Francisco and China. In 2010, Ragone served on the steering committee for the effort that created the San Francisco Bay Citizen, a nonprofit news organization dedicated to quality journalism in the Bay Area.
Ragone, along with GOP consultant Matt Mackowiak and Darius Fisher, launched the UFO Political Action Committee, or UFOPac, in 2021. The committee claims that it is dedicated to persuading the U.S. government to “disclose, declassify, and demystify all information related to UFOs.”
Personal
Ragone lives in San Francisco with his two children. He currently runs PWR LLC, a private sector public affairs consultancy and Exiles Inc, a tech start up that organizes online sports fan clubs dedicated to the out of market fan experience. He enjoys surfing in Pacifica and Santa Cruz and snowboarding at Lake Tahoe on the weekends.
Exiles Inc.
Exiles Inc. is a company that creates social networking communities for out-of-market sports fans. Ragone currently serves as the co-founder and president of the company. The community has been categorized as a global diaspora social network as it allows expatriated individuals to connect with their homeland sports team. The first community the company created targets Yankees fans and is called Yanks In Exile. The company's investors and advisors include Typekit co-founder Bryan Mason, as well as Hugh Evans of 3D Systems.
References
External links
Yanks in Exile website
PWR LLC website
American political consultants
University at Albany, SUNY alumni
People from Merrick, New York
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Businesspeople from San Francisco
Big Big World (Chinese: 世界零距離) is a Hong Kong travel television programme produced and broadcast by TVB. It debuted on 2 December 2013.
Format
The programme features "out-of-the-way" places that are not frequented by Hong Kong residents. The programme is presented by news reporters and presenters with TVB's news division, whereas TVB travel programs usually feature the channel's actors and actresses.
In addition to presenting the sights of each country profiled, the programme also focuses on the social problems faced by each of the countries, in addition to comparing and contrasting them to problems faced by Hong Kong residents.
Each series was broadcast on TVB's digital-only iNews channel, with a condensed omnibus version airing on TVB Jade at a later time.
Overview
Series 1
The first series debuted on 2 December 2013, via iNews. The countries visited in the first series include Bhutan, Vanuatu, Tonga, Gibraltar, Jamaica, Jordan, Lithuania, Brasil, and Mongolia.
Series 2
Countries featured in the second series include Falkland Islands, French Guiana, Liechtenstein, Cayman Islands, Venezuela, Fiji, Vanuatu, Tuvalu, and Greenland.
Series 3
Countries and places featured in the second series include Ethiopia, Vladivostok, Catalonia, Kaliningrad, Ecuador, and Panama.
External links
Official page (first series)
Official page (second series)
Hong Kong television news shows
Harry Paschall (27 November 1897 or 1896 – 24 September 1957) was an American weightlifter, magazine editor, cartoonist and the author of books. He was a cartoonist for Strength & Health and eventually its managing editor.
Life
As a boy, Paschall was impressed by seeing the strongman Arthur Saxon. He attended Marion High School in Marion, Ohio, graduating in 1915.
Paschall began his career as a cartoonist for the Pyramid Film Company in Dayton, and worked as a commercial artist for Jay H. Maish in Marion, Ohio, and for the New York Times. By the 1920s, he became a weightlifting instructor in Marion, where he founded the Weight Lifters' Club.
Paschall was hired by Strength & Health, initially as a cartoonist; his cartoon, "Bosco," was the namesake of a strongman. In a 1949 article, he criticized Joe Weider for promoting bodybuilding, arguing that bodybuilders were not "real strength athletes." From 1955 to his death in 1957, Paschall was the managing editor of the magazine.
Paschall married Pearl V. Middleton in Marion in 1917. With his wife Myrtle, he resided in York, Pennsylvania. He died of a heart attack in September 1957, at age 59, and he was buried in Columbus, Ohio.
Selected works
References
1890s births
1957 deaths
People from Marion, Ohio
People from York, Pennsylvania
American male weightlifters
American bodybuilders
American cartoonists
American comics artists
American magazine editors
American exercise and fitness writers
People associated with physical culture
Strength training writers
Townline Lake is a lake located in Mecosta County near the City of Big Rapids, Michigan. It is located in Colfax Township and Big Rapids Township. It has a maximum depth of . Grass Lake (Private-approximately 6 acres) is located in the NW section of Townline Lake and has an outlet which feeds Townline Lake. The outlet from Townline feeds Enzo Creek, which ultimately feeds into Ryan Creek. Fish species include bass, bluegill, northern pike, and crappie.
See also
List of lakes in Michigan
References
Lakes of Michigan
Bodies of water of Mecosta County, Michigan
Salvia nanchuanensis is an annual or biennial herb that is native to Hubei and Sichuan provinces in China, growing on riverbanks, rocky slopes, and open areas at elevation. S. nanchuanensis grows on erect stems to tall. Inflorescences are widely spaced 2–6 flowered verticillasters in terminal racemes, with a reddish corolla that is approximately .
There are two named varieties. S. nanchuanensis var. nanchuanensis has leaves that are 1–2 pinnately compound, with terminal leaflets that are ovate to lanceolate. S. nanchuanensis var. pteridifolia has leaves that are 3–4 pinnately compound, with terminal leaflets or lobules linear.
References
nanchuanensis
Flora of China
Mohsin Charania (born February 27, 1985) is a professional poker player from Chicago, Illinois who has won titles at the World Series of Poker, the World Poker Tour, and the European Poker Tour.
Charania briefly worked as a financial analyst for J.P. Morgan. His first major poker title came in 2012 at the EPT Grand Final in Monte Carlo, where he won €1,350,000. On the WPT Charania has 25 cashes and made five final tables. In 2013, he won his first WPT title at the Grand Prix de Paris. His second WPT win came in 2014 at the Five Diamond World Poker Classic, earning $1,477,000.
Charania first cashed at the WSOP in 2009. In total he has 43 cashes and made three final tables. In 2017 he won his first WSOP bracelet in a $1,500 No Limit Hold'em event. The win allowed him to complete poker's Triple Crown, becoming the sixth player to accomplish the feat.
Playing under the names "chicagocards1" and "sms9231", Charania has online winnings of nearly $6,000,000. In 2010 he won a Spring Championship of Online Poker event.
As of 2017, Charania's total live winnings exceed $5,618,000. His WSOP cashes account for $807,000 of those earnings.
World Series of Poker bracelets
References
External links
Hendon Mob profile
WSOP.com profile
1985 births
American poker players
World Series of Poker bracelet winners
World Poker Tour winners
European Poker Tour winners
People from Chicago
Living people
University of Iowa Stead Family Children's Hospital formerly University of Iowa Children's Hospital and Children's Hospital of Iowa is a pediatric acute care academic children's hospital located in Iowa City, Iowa. The hospital was founded in 1919 and its current facility, opened in 2017, overlooks the university's football home, Kinnick Stadium. The hospital has 190 inpatient pediatric beds and is affiliated with the University of Iowa Carver College of Medicine. The hospital provides comprehensive pediatric specialties and subspecialties to pediatric patients aged 0–21 throughout Iowa and is one of the only children's hospitals in the region and state. University of Iowa Stead Family Children's Hospital also features the only ACS verified Level 1 Pediatric Trauma Center in the state.
UI Children's Hospital also has an extensive library of health information for people of various ages.
History
The hospital originally was founded in 1919.
Firsts
The University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics is also where Dr. Ignacio Ponseti developed the Ponseti method. The Ponseti method is a revolutionary non-surgical way to treat congenital clubfoot, which had previously been treated through surgeries to infants or children at a young age. The Ponseti method is a way to treat clubfoot through a series of manipulating bones and tendons in the foot and holding them in place through a series of casts. It is a treatment technique that is still used worldwide to this day.
New facilities
In the fall of 2012, a project began to create a new University of Iowa Children's Hospital. The hospital is located to the west of the original at the site of a former parking structure for University Hospital, overlooking Kinnick Stadium, and is also connected to the hospital and new parking structure. The target completion date for the project was initially set for March 2016, but delays meant that the new facility did not receive its first patients until February 2017; seven of the 14 floors opened at that time while construction on other floors was nearing completion.
The project cost approximately $292 million – none of which was funded by tax dollars. The funding was achieved through bonds, patient revenue, and private gifts.
The building is 480,000 square feet of new construction as well as 56,250 square feet of renovated existing space. It contains 14 floors (12 above ground, two below ground). Those 14 floors include a total of 134 beds for patients, those being for Pediatric care, Neonatal, Medical/Surgical Units, Operating Rooms, Infusion/Dialysis Center and finally the Pediatric Cancer Center. The two lower-level floors are where Radiology and Procedure Suites are located.
The new design of the hospital is strategically designed to reduce the wind and eliminate noise with the curves of the building. All of the glass used on the project is impact resistant for safety concerns of families. The amount of daylight is said to make patients feel welcome and creates a place of healing.
A live webcam of the construction was maintained throughout the process, as well as an update of the latest construction phase for the building.
Divisions
The following medical divisions are available:
General Pediatrics, Family Medicine, Adolescent Medicine, Allergy/Pulmonary diseases, Anesthesia, Blood and Marrow Transplantation, Burn Treatment, Cardiology, Child Abuse and Neglect, Child Health Specialty Clinics, Child Neurology, Child Psychology, Child Psychiatry, Clinical Pharmacology, Continuity of Care, Critical Care, Dentistry, Dermatology, Developmental Disabilities, ECMO, Emergency Care, Endocrinology, Gastroenterology, Genetics, Hematology, Infectious Diseases, Mother's Milk Bank of Iowa, Neonatology, Nephrology, Neurosurgery, Nuclear Medicine, Nutrition, Obstetrics/Gynecology, Oncology, Ophthalmology, Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Orthodontics, Orthopaedic Surgery, Spinal Deformity, Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Speech, Swallowing, Voice, Pediatric Outreach Clinics (Cardiac-Electrophysiology, Cardiology, Cystic Fibrosis, Diabetes/Endocrinology, Endocrinology, Gastroenterology, Hemoglobinopathy, Neurology, Neuromuscular), Radiation Oncology, Radiology, Rheumatology, Special Education, Specialized Child Health Services, Surgery (Pediatric), Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery, Toxicology, Transplantation Surgery, Trauma Surgery, and Urology.
University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics is in partnership with University of Iowa Roy J. and Lucille A. Carver College of Medicine and University of Iowa Children's Hospital which completes the state University of Iowa Health Care.
Awards
Parent Magazine ranked UI Children's Hospital as the 20th ranked Children's Hospital in America for 2009.
U.S. News & World Reports annual publication of "America's Best Children's Hospitals" ranked UI Children's pediatric kidney disorders treatment program as 25th. This makes UI Children's Hospital the first in Iowa to achieve a pediatric ranking.
U.S. News & World Reports ranking of Best Children's Hospitals ranked University of Iowa Children's Hospital in seven specialties:
Cancer
Cardiology and heart surgery
Diabetes and endocrinology
Nephrology
Neurology and neurosurgery
Orthopedics
Pulmonology
First hospital in Iowa to receive Magnet designation for nursing excellence. Received designations in 2004, 2008, and 2013.
The first pediatrics hospital in Iowa designation as a Level 1 Trauma Center for pediatrics from the Committee on Trauma of the American College of Surgeons.
Selected by the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation as a Quality Care Award recipient (2009).
OptumHealth Care Solutions designated neonatal intensive care (2012) and bone marrow transplant (2008) services as "Centers of Excellence."
The pediatric heart transplant program received the Transplant Access Program designation from OptumHealth Care Solutions in 2008.
Community
Kid Captain program
Since 2008 the University of Iowa Children's Hospital has teamed up with the Iowa Hawkeyes to honor UI Children's Hospital patients and celebrate their inspirational stories.
Kid Captains are nominated by those familiar with them and are given the opportunity to be an honorary captain at a University of Iowa football game.
Fourteen children are chosen every year. In 2013 there were 462 children nominated.
The Wave
The opening of the new hospital led to the creation of what ESPN called "college football's coolest new tradition". The new facility includes a top-floor lounge area known as the Press Box Cafe that has a view of the entire Kinnick Stadium field, allowing patients and their families to see all Iowa home games live, and also includes big-screen TVs to allow them to watch Hawkeyes road games. A suggestion on a Hawkeyes fan page on Facebook led to "The Wave"—at the end of the first quarter of Iowa home games, the crowd faces the hospital and waves at the patients and their families watching in the Press Box. For the Hawkeyes' first night home game of the 2017 season against Penn State, the fan site where the idea of "The Wave" originated encouraged fans to turn on their cell phone flashlights while they waved to the patients.
See also
List of Children's Hospitals in the United States
References
External links
University of Iowa Stead Family Children's Hospital
University of Iowa Children's Hospital Facebook
The University of Iowa
University of Iowa Children's Twitter
Hospital buildings completed in 1919
Hospital buildings completed in 2017
Hospitals in Iowa
Children's hospitals in the United States
1919 establishments in Iowa
Pediatric trauma centers
KGMM-CD, virtual channel 24 (UHF digital channel 36), is a low-powered NewsNet-affiliated television station licensed to San Antonio, Texas, United States. The station is owned by CNZ Communications. The station's transmitter is located near Elmendorf, in southeastern Bexar County.
Digital television
Digital channels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
FCC Spectrum incentive auction
The station moved from channel 24 to channel 36 effective July 3, 2019 as part of the FCC's channel repack. Along with the new frequency, the station is expected to relocate the transmitter facility to a tower located near Gardendale.
References
External links
GMM-CD
Television channels and stations established in 1999
1999 establishments in Texas
Low-power television stations in the United States
Grit (TV network) affiliates
TheGrio affiliates
Geo. Hattersley was a textile machinery manufacturer from Keighley, West Yorkshire in England, founded in 1789 and responsible for the Hattersley Standard Loom and other types of looms.
History
Richard Hattersley, the founder of the company, served his apprenticeship at Kirkstall Forge. He set up his own business in 1789 at Stubbings Mill, Airworth, manufacturing nuts, bolts, screws and small parts for textile machines. Although the first loom was produced in 1834, it was never delivered as it was smashed up in transit by a group of handloom weavers of the Luddite persuasion fearful for their livelihood.
The replacement was delivered. Hattersley's prospered and developed an extensive catalogue. They're adding new products to their range, which included tobacco machines and garden furniture. They also ventured into production and the subsidiary companies have survived where the parent did not. It closed in 1983.
Products
Hattersley produced a large range of types of looms over 120 years for all sectors of the market, from the narrow band looms to sheeting looms. At one time, they had about 26 basic models in their catalogue.
Hattersley Dobby Loom
In 1867 George Hattersley and Sons created a loom with a dobby head.
Hattersley Narrow Fabric Loom
In 1908 Hattersley created smallware loom, these were suitable for weaving wicks for oil lamps, and the webbing that is used in the automotive industry. To demonstrate this loom, the firm bought the Cabbage Mills and later the Greegate Shed in Keighley where they started production of these products. The firm survives today as Hattersley Aladdin Ltd.
Hattersley Standard Loom
After the recapitalisation boom of 1919 cotton yarn production peaked in 1926, a further investment was sparse. Rayon, artificial silk, was invented in the 1930s in Silsden nearby, and the Hattersley Silk Loom was adapted to weave this new fabric.
Hattersley Domestic Loom
The Hattersley Domestic Loom was part of the Hattersley Domestic System that include other machines such as pirn winder and warping mill. It was a compact machine, combining all the know how and precision engineering of the nineteenth century with the need for a treadle operated loom.
See also
Hattersley loom
References
External links
A history written by a descendant
Hattersley Narrow Fabric History
Hattersley Domestic Loom Club
Companies based in the City of Bradford
British companies established in 1789
Textile machinery manufacturers
Weaving
Keighley
Defunct companies based in Yorkshire
1789 establishments in England
The Charlotte Hornets are an American professional basketball team based in Charlotte, North Carolina. They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Hornets began playing in 1988 as an expansion team, before relocating to New Orleans in 2002 and renaming themselves as the Pelicans in 2013. Charlotte was then awarded a new expansion team named the Bobcats in 2004, which reassumed the Hornets name in 2014. In a deal with the NBA and Pelicans, the renamed Hornets also reclaimed the history and records of the original Hornets from 1988 to 2002, while all of the original Hornets' records from 2002 to 2013 will remain with the Pelicans.
The Hornets franchise have played their home games at the Spectrum Center, formerly known as the Charlotte Bobcats Arena and the Time Warner Cable Arena, since 2005. The Hornets are owned by Michael Jordan.
There have been 10 head coaches for the Hornets franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Dick Harter, who coached for two seasons. Allan Bristow and Steve Clifford are the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season games coached (410); Bristow is also the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season game wins (207); Dave Cowens is the franchise's all-time leader for the highest winning percentage in the regular season (.609); Paul Silas is the franchise's all-time leader for the most playoff games coached (23), and the most playoff-game wins (11). Harter, Bristow, Sam Vincent and Mike Dunlap have spent their entire NBA coaching careers with the Hornets franchise. Larry Brown is the only coach of the franchise to have been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach. The most recent head coach of the Hornets was James Borrego.
Key
Coaches
Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the .
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of the Bobcats/Hornets. Thus, any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NBA season.
Paul Silas has a combined total of 401 regular season games coached, with a W–L record of 193–208, for a winning percentage during his non-consecutive tenures in Charlotte.
Franchise leaders
All-time leaders – as of the end of the 2021–22 NBA season. Bold denotes active coach with the team.
Most Games Coached
Allan Bristow – 410
Steve Clifford – 410
Paul Silas – 401
James Borrego – 301
Bernie Bickerstaff – 246
Most Wins Coached
Allan Bristow – 207
Steve Clifford – 196
Paul Silas – 193
James Borrego – 138
Dave Cowens – 109
Best Winning %
Dave Cowens – .609
Allan Bristow – .505
Paul Silas – .481
Steve Clifford – .478
Larry Brown – .458
Most Playoff Games Coached
Paul Silas – 23
Allan Bristow – 13
Dave Cowens – 12
Steve Clifford – 11
Larry Brown – 4
Most Playoff Wins Coached
Paul Silas – 11
Allan Bristow – 5
Dave Cowens – 4
Steve Clifford – 3
Best Playoff Winning %
Paul Silas – .478
Allan Bristow – .385
Dave Cowens – .333
Steve Clifford – .273
References
General
Specific
Lists of National Basketball Association head coaches by team
Head coaches
The 2009 African U-17 Championship was a football competition organized by the Confederation of African Football (CAF). The tournament took place in Algeria. The top four teams qualified for the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup. Nigeria, automatically qualified as the hosts, didn't qualify for the Finals, although if they qualified for the Finals and went on to reach the semi-finals, then the teams who finished third in their respective groups would have met in a playoff for the fourth and final place in the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Qualification
Qualified teams
(host nation)
Squads
Venues
Group stage
Group A
Group B
After the group ended, Niger was ejected from the competition for fielding an over-aged player. Their results were expunged from the standings.
Original group standings
Corrected standings
Knock-out stage
Semifinals
Third place match
Final
Winners
References
External links
Confederation of African Football
African U-17 Championship 2009
2009
African U-17 Championship
Under
2009 in youth association football
The Verifier refers to a proprietary fuel gauge technology, used for advanced measurement of heating oil in residential and commercial tanks ranging from 1,000 – 20,000 gallons. First developed in 2005, by U.S. Energy Group's Jerry Pindus, Verifier technology was granted Patent Approval 11/095,914 as “The Verifier Digital Fuel Gauge” from The United States Patent and Trademark Office on September 21, 2007. The Verifier is also ETL SEMKO certified.
Technology
The Verifier makes use of ultrasound technology, a method of using high-intensity acoustic energy which is above the limits of human hearing. Just as it has done for other fields, ultrasound technology offers unprecedented access and accuracy with The Verifier. The old system of measuring oil deliveries and inventory involves either climbing onto the tank and ‘sticking it' with a ruler or pumping air into a petrometer and converting a pressure reading of the weight of the oil. These systems were developed when oil was inexpensive and when accuracy and convenience were not essential.
Verifier technology confirms an oil delivery within 1/10 of an inch, recording the exact date, time and amount of heating oil delivered to the tank and checking the amount of heating oil delivered. An ultrasonic ping is sent from the device to the heating oil, an echo is received back, and the Verifier's complex, patented algorithm then figures the time between when the ping was sent and the echo received, compensating for oil temperature variations. The system is precise, safe, and clean.
The history of ultrasound technology began in 1794, when Italian Lazzaro Spallanzani (1729–1799) first noticed the phenomenon in nature. The human application of ultrasound technology developed remarkably in the last 100 years, and was influenced heavily by World War I and by World War II, in which Sonar, or sound navigation and ranging, was utilized. Following World War II, applications of ultrasound developed, transforming many industries.
Theft detection
In October 2005, building owner Mike Laub, of The Realty Group, became the first person to use The Verifier to detect a heating oil theft in progress. The Verifier alerted his management company that the wrong quantity of oil had been delivered and later detected the driver trying to “undo the crime” by pouring hundreds of gallons into the building's tank at 2 AM. Verifier technology is precise enough to double-check delivery truck tickets and meter readings.
In July 2007, major newspapers throughout the New York Metro area reported on the alleged theft of $75 million of heating oil by two oil transport companies in Brooklyn. This led to increased interest in The Verifier as a theft deterrent device.
Inventory management
The Verifier is also used to monitor and measure the incremental use of oil, providing daily summaries and alerts for low oil levels. With local and Internet access to all of this information, building managers can follow certain inventory control regulations and avoid stiff fines. New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) has recommended “in-tank monitoring systems,” like The Verifier, stating that “electronic systems which automatically measure tank inventories and continuously record changes…supply all of the information needed to perform daily reconciliations.” These inventory records are also encouraged by major oil companies and the American Petroleum Institute. Moreover, accurate inventory measurement and tracking enables fuel consumption analysis to be performed and charted, by building, hourly, weekly and monthly; by square footage, by unit; and by degree-days. Additionally, consumption comparisons to prior periods, over specified times, and to other buildings in an entire database of portfolios can be performed as well.
Environmental Impact
In recent years, the U.S. Green Building Council and numerous state, local and federal agencies and officials began a strategic campaign to decrease greenhouse gas and carbon emissions from commercial and residential buildings. For example, in New York City, the 950,000 commercial and residential buildings were responsible for 80% of the 58.3 million metric tons of greenhouse gases that the city emitted in 2005, and were responsible for 30% of the energy usage. In response to this statistic, Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced PlaNYC to help New York achieve his stated goal, the cleanest air quality of any major city in America.
The Verifier is part of the larger trend toward products that promote building sustainability and a reduction in carbon emissions. The inventory management features help owners and property managers track and utilize their fuel efficiently, detect leaks and heating system malfunctions and promote safe handling of oil.
See also
Ultrasound
Heating oil
New York State Department of Environmental Conservation
American Petroleum Institute
Sustainability
PlaNYC
Green Building
References
External links
http://www.use-group.com
http://www.fueloilnews.com
http://www.rew-online.com
Sensors
Heating oil
Charles Hérisson (October 12, 1831 – November 23, 1893) was a French lawyer and politician of the French Third Republic. He was a member of the National Assembly of 1871, where he joined the Opportunist Republican parliamentary group, Gauche républicaine. He served as minister of commerce in the Government of France. He was a member of the Legion of Honour.
References
Sources
External links
Fiche biographique sur le site de l'Assemblée nationale
1831 births
1893 deaths
People from Nièvre
Politicians from Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Opportunist Republicans
French Ministers of Commerce
Members of the National Assembly (1871)
Members of the 2nd Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 3rd Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
19th-century French lawyers
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
is the twenty-third single by the Japanese artist, Masaharu Fukuyama. It was released on 22 October 2008.
Track listing
Limited Edition CD
Sō (New Love New World)
Higher Stage
Sō (New Love New World) (original karaoke)
(original karaoke)
Higher Stage (original karaoke)
Normal Edition CD
Sō (New Love New World)
Higher Stage
Sō (New Love New World) (original karaoke)
(original karaoke)
Higher Stage (original karaoke)
Limited Edition DVD A
Sō (New Love New World) (music clip)
Limited Edition Bonus CD B
Kakusei Mo Mento
vs. Chikaku To Kairaku No Rasen
Oricon sales chart (Japan)
References
2008 singles
Masaharu Fukuyama songs
Songs written by Masaharu Fukuyama
2008 songs
The 2005–06 Mid-American Conference women's basketball season began with practices in October 2005, followed by the start of the 2005–06 NCAA Division I women's basketball season in November. Conference play began in January 2006 and concluded in March 2006. Bowling Green won the regular season title with a record of 16–0 by one game over West Division champion Eastern Michigan. Lindsay Shearer of Kent State shared MAC player of the year.
Regular season champion Bowling Green won the MAC Tournament over Kent State. Ali Mann of Bowling Green was the tournament MVP. Bowling Green lost to UCLA in the first of the NCAA tournament. Eastern Michigan played in the WNIT.
Preseason Awards
The preseason coaches' poll was announced by the league office on October 26, 2005.
Preseason women's basketball coaches poll
(First place votes in parenthesis)
East Division
(17) 132
(6) 117
93
Ohio 68
40
33
West Division
(20) 132
(3) 99
86
83
44
39
Tournament Champion
Bowling Green (15), Kent State (5), Eastern Michigan (4), Western Michigan (1)
Honors
Postseason
Mid–American Tournament
NCAA Tournament
Women's National Invitational Tournament
Postseason Awards
Coach of the Year: Curt Miller, Bowling Green
Player of the Year: Lindsay Shearer, Kent State
Freshman of the Year: Rachel Frederick, Ohio
Defensive Player of the Year: Malika Willoughby, Kent State
Sixth Man of the Year: La'kia Stewart, Kent State
Honors
See also
2005–06 Mid-American Conference men's basketball season
References
Rohr in Niederbayern is a municipality in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Twin towns
Rohr in Niederbayern is twinned with:
Castelcucco, Italy, since 2003
References
Kelheim (district)
Charles David Ganao (20 July 1926 – 6 July 2012) was a Congolese politician who served as Prime Minister of the Republic of the Congo from 27 August 1996 to 8 September 1997.
Ganao was born in Djambala, in the present-day Plateaux Department of the Republic of Congo. His family were high-ranking members of the Teke people.
Ganao began his career as a teacher and elementary school principal, before entering diplomacy. He was appointed as the Republic of Congo's first ambassador to the United States and first permanent representative to the United Nations following the country's independence in 1960. Ganao then served as Congo's foreign minister from 1963 to 1968 and from 1973 to 1975.
Ganao next worked at the United Nations, based in Vienna, Austria. He participated in the 1991 Sovereign National Conference, which eliminated the Congolese Party of Labour government, replaced the country's flag and national anthem, and removed the word "People's" from the official name of the Republic of Congo. Ganao also founded the Union of Democratic Forces political party.
Ganao was appointed as Prime Minister by President Pascal Lissouba in 1996. Lissouba was overthrown in October 1997 during the Republic of the Congo Civil War, shortly as Ganao left office in September. Ganao fled to neighboring Gabon, where he was given exile by Gabonese President Omar Bongo.
Ganao returned to Congo-Brazzaville in 2005, but stayed out of politics for the rest of his life. He died in Paris on 6 July 2012 at the age of 85.
References
1926 births
2012 deaths
Prime Ministers of the Republic of the Congo
Foreign Ministers of the Republic of the Congo
Ambassadors of the Republic of the Congo to the United States
Permanent Representatives of the Republic of the Congo to the United Nations
Union of Democratic Forces (Republic of the Congo) politicians
People from Plateaux Department (Republic of the Congo)
Teke
Mario Sérgio Lotufo (born 12 April 1960) is a Brazilian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from São Paulo
Risoba vitellina is a species of moth of the family Nolidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1882. It is found in India.
References
Nolidae
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1882
Isabel Naftel, née Oakley, (baptised 20 July 1832, died 1912) was a British artist known for her portrait, genre and landscape paintings.
Biography
Naftel was the youngest of the three daughters of the, then, Derby based artist Octavius Oakley and his wife Maria Moseley. Her genre and portrait paintings, and landscapes of the English south coast and the Channel Islands were shown on a regular basis in London during the Victorian era. Between 1857 and 1891, Naftel had 54 works accepted for public exhibition. Ten of her paintings were included in exhibitions at the Royal Academy. Naftel also had 13 works accepted by the Society of British Artists and nine pieces by the New Watercolour Society. Among her works shown at the Royal Academy were A Little Red Riding Hood in 1862, Musing in 1869 and A Sark Cottage in 1885. Works by her were also shown at the Grosvenor Gallery and at the New Gallery.
In 1853 Naftel married the artist Paul Jacob Naftel and the couple subsequently had a daughter, Maud, who also became a notable artist.
References
External links
1832 births
1912 deaths
19th-century English painters
19th-century English women artists
20th-century English painters
20th-century English women artists
British watercolourists
English women painters
People from Derby
Women watercolorists
Gerhard Leopold Karl Siedl (22 March 1929 – 9 May 1998) was a German footballer who played international football for both the Saar and West German national teams. In 1953, he scored the winning goal in Oslo against Norway in the qualifiers for the 1954 FIFA World Cup. The match was Saar's only road victory in its brief history.
During his club career he played for FC Bayern Munich (1945–1948, 1951–1953, 1957–1960), Borussia Neunkirchen (1948–1949), 1. FC Saarbrücken, Karlsruher SC, FC Basel, AZ, SV Austria Salzburg, and FC Dornbirn 1913. With Bayern he won the 1957 DFB-Pokal.
Sources and References
Rotblau: Jahrbuch Saison 2014/2015. Publisher: FC Basel Marketing AG.
External links
1929 births
1998 deaths
Footballers from Munich
Saar footballers
German footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Saarland international footballers
Germany international footballers
Dual internationalists (football)
FC Bayern Munich footballers
1. FC Saarbrücken players
Karlsruher SC players
FC Basel players
FC Red Bull Salzburg players
Borussia Neunkirchen players
Association football forwards
Eslamabad (, also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Ghaniabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,268, in 1,221 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Immaculate Conception Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded 1905. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
Citing insufficient parishioners the diocese had planned to close the parish in 2009. Following closure it would have merged with Christ the King Parish in Ludlow. However, the local community opposed the move and became the only parish in Springfield proper to receive a temporary reprieve while efforts were made to reverse the decision.. Re-opened in 2018.
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
See also
Pastoral planning in Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
External links
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
The Waldfriedhof Dahlem (Dahlem forest cemetery) is a cemetery in Berlin, in the district of Steglitz-Zehlendorf on the edge of the Grunewald forest at Hüttenweg 47. Densely planted with conifers and designed between 1931 and 1933 after the plans of Albert Brodersen, it is one of Berlin's more recent cemeteries. Its graves include those of writers such as Gottfried Benn, composers such as Wolfgang Werner Eisbrenner and entertainers like Harald Juhnke, and put it among the so-called "Prominentenfriedhöfe" or celebrity cemeteries.
Graves of notable people
Karl Anton (1898–1979), film director and film producer
Michael Ballhaus (1935–2017), cinematographer
Antoinette Becker (1920–1998), writer
Carl Heinrich Becker (1876–1933), orientalist and politician
Gottfried Benn (1886–1956), poet
Heinz Berggruen (1914–2007), art collector
Frank Michael Beyer (1928–2008), composer
Hans-Otto Borgmann (1901–1977), film composer
Bully Buhlan (1924–1982), singer, actor
Carl Correns (1864–1933), botanist
Ernst von Delius (1912–1937), racecar driver
Alexander Dinghas (1908–1974), mathematician
Franz Dischinger (1887–1953), civil and structural engineer
Blandine Ebinger (1899–1993), actress and chansonnière
Karin Eickelbaum (1937–2004), actress
Carl Otto von Eicken (1873–1960), physician
Adolf Erman (1854–1937), egyptologist and lexicographer
Wolfgang Werner Eisbrenner (1908–1981), composer and conductor
Friedrich Fedde (1873–1942), botanist
Curth Flatow (1920–2011), dramatist and screenwriter
Ernst Fraenkel (1898–1975), political scientist
Roland Freisler (1893–1945), notorious chief judge of the Nazi People's Court. He is buried in his wife's family plot in an unmarked grave. Ironically, one of his victims, Ulrich Wilhelm Graf Schwerin von Schwanenfeld (see below), is also buried in the cemetery.
Ludwig Fulda (1862–1939), playwright and translator
Manfred Gross (1951-2017), pediatric audiologist and medical researcher
Klaus Gysi (1912–1999), politician
Ernst Hartert (1859–1933), ornithologist
O.E. Hasse (1903–1978), actor
Heinz Hentschke (1895–1970), actor, director and librettist
Günter Herlitz (1913–2010), businessman (Herlitz stationery company)
Klaus Höhne (1927–2006), actor
Carl Hofer (1878–1955), painter
Helene Jacobs (1906–1993), Resistor
La Jana (1905–1940), dancer and actress
Werner Janensch (1878–1969), paleontologist and geologist
Harald Juhnke (1929–2005), actor and entertainer
Josef Paul Kleihues (1933–2004), architect
Friedrich Wilhelm Kopsch (1868–1955), anatomist
Hilde Körber (1906–1969), actress
Hans Christian Korting (1952–2012), dermatologist and medical researcher
Robert H. Lochner (1918–2003), journalist
Bobby E. Lüthge (1891–1964), screenwriter
Wolfgang Lukschy (1905–1983), actor
Marie-Elisabeth Lüders (1878–1966), politician
Leny Marenbach (1907–1984), actress
Arnold Marquis (1921–1990), actor
Erich Mühsam (1878–1934), author and anarchist, murdered in Oranienburg concentration camp
Zenzl Mühsam (1884–1962), anarchist
Rudolf Nelson (1878–1960), composer and theatre director
Hermann Noack (1895–1958), Art and bronze caster; gravestone with relief tablet based on a model by Ernst Barlach
Bernd Rosemeyer (1909–1938), racecar driver, with his wife Elly Beinhorn, aviator
Heinrich Sahm (1877–1939), mayor of Berlin and administrator of Free State of Danzig
Günter Schabowski (1929–2015), politician of East Germany
Wolfgang Schleif (1912–1984), film director
Karl Schmidt-Rottluff* (1884–1976), painter
Walther Schreiber (1884–1958), mayor of Berlin
Franz Schreker* (1878–1934), composer
Ulrich Wilhelm Graf Schwerin von Schwanenfeld (1902–1944), resistor
Renée Sintenis* (1888–1965), sculptress
Werner Sombart* (1863–1941), sociologist
Camilla Spira (1906–1997), actress
Herbert Stass (1919–1999), actor
Ilse Steppat (1917–1969), actress
Ivan Stranski (1897–1979), Bulgarian physical chemist
Käte Stresemann (1883–1970), wife of the German Chancellor, Foreign Minister and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Gustav Stresemann
Erwin Stresemann* (1889–1972), zoologist
Wolfgang Stresemann* (1904–1998), conductor and composer
Wilhelm Tank (1888–1967), painter
Georg Tappert (1880–1957), painter
Günter Tembrock (1918–2011), zoologist
Heinrich Tessenow* (1876–1950), architect
Ilse Trautschold (1906–1991), actress and comedian
Kurt Ulrich (1905–1967), film producer
Alfred Vohrer (1914–1986), film director
Fritz Arno Wagner (1884–1958), cinematographer
William Wauer* (1866–1962), sculptor and film director
Richard von Weizsäcker (1920–2015), politician, president
Sybil Werden (1924–2007), actress and dancer
Theodor Wiegand (1864–1936), archaeologist
Heinz-Günter Wittmann (1927–1990), biochemist
Jürgen Wolters (1940–2015), professor of econometrics
Johannes Würtz (1875–1958), founder of the Behindertenpädagogik (grave is lost)
Bibliography
Hannelore Prüfer, Der Berliner Gartendirektor Albert Brodersen (1857–1930), in: Berlinische Monatsschrift, Heft 10/1997, Seiten 77/78 online at Edition Luisenstadt
Klaus Hammer: Historische Friedhöfe & Grabmäler in Berlin, Stattbuch Verlag Berlin 1994,
External links
List of burials at the Waldfriedhof Dahlem
Cemeteries in Berlin
Ak-Say may refer to the following places in Kyrgyzstan:
Ak-Say, Chüy, a village in the Chüy Region
Ak-Say, Issyk-Kul, a village in the Issyk-Kul Region
Ophion is a genus of ichneumonid wasps, which are nocturnal, parasitic, and often seen at lights. They are mostly orange to yellow in colour and are endoparasites of insect larvae, particularly Lepidoptera. They are very diverse but morphologically very similar. They have a worldwide distribution but the majority of species are found in the temperate zone.
The genus Ophion is distinguished by the absence of a transverse keel on the hind mesosternum. They also have a long membranous flange to the spur on the foretibia. They are within the same tribe as Afrophion, Alophophion, Xylophion, Sclerophion, and Rhopalophion.
Species
There are 17 species of Ophion described from the Nearctic and 79 in the Palearctic.
References
Ichneumonidae genera
Ichneumonidae
A General Theory of Exploitation and Class is a 1982 book about the exploitation of labour and social class by the economist and political scientist John Roemer. The book was first published in the United States by Harvard University Press.
The book received positive reviews, and was discussed in a dedicated issue of Politics & Society. However, reviewers described Roemer's conclusions as controversial. A General Theory of Exploitation and Class is considered part of analytical Marxism.
Summary
Roemer aims to "embed the Marxian theory of exploitation in a more general theory of exploitation which will be capable of specializing to cases other than capitalism", and in particular to socialism. He argues that this would make it possible to "propose a theory of exploitation and class for socialism which can provide a basis for a materialist political theory of socialism." He also discusses the labor theory of value.
Publication history
A General Theory of Exploitation and Class was first published by Harvard University Press in 1982.
Reception
A General Theory of Exploitation and Class received positive reviews from Margaret Levi in the American Political Science Review and Trond Petersen in Acta Sociologica, and a mixed review from Michael A. Lebowitz in the Canadian Journal of Economics.
Levi described the book as "extremely ambitious and important" but also controversial. She credited Roemer with providing an alternative to traditional ways of thinking about exploitation and class, and praised his "grandeur of vision" and "brilliance of argument and insight". However, she believed that the book also had "serious failings", noting that they had been discussed in Politics & Society, where Roemer had been criticized by the sociologist Erik Olin Wright, the philosopher Andrew Levine, and the social and political theorist Jon Elster, as well as from Levi herself. Petersen described the book as "a novel and controversial contribution to the Marxian theory of exploitation and class", noting that it had received praise from political scientists, sociologists, mathematical economists, and philosophers and that Politics & Society had devoted an entire issue to it. He believed that its results would challenge both Marxist and non-Marxist social science. However, he noted that the assumptions underlying Roemer's methodology were open to question. He compared Roemer's views to those of the sociologist Max Weber.
Lebowitz wrote that Roemer employed elegant models and techniques and offered admirable discussions of many issues. However, he considered Roemer's conclusions about the Marxian theory of exploitation, and "the character of modern socialist states", controversial, and questioned Roemer's treatment of both subjects, arguing that they rested on flawed assumptions. Nevertheless, he concluded that Roemer had taken, "the consideration of exploitation on to a new, promising terrain."
A General Theory of Exploitation and Class is considered a representative work of analytical Marxism, comparable to the philosopher G. A. Cohen's Karl Marx's Theory of History (1978) and Elster's Making Sense of Marx (1985). The book is the classic reconstruction of theories of exploitation and class within analytical Marxism, and forms part of a highly influential body of work on exploitation. However, Roemer noted that after the publication of A General Theory of Exploitation and Class, several good criticisms had been made of the "property-relations definition of capitalist exploitation" he advanced in the work, and that he had revised his thinking in response. Wright and Levine, writing with the philosopher Elliott Sober, noted that Marxists tend to define classes in terms of the mechanisms by which surplus products or surplus labor is appropriated, rather than by property relations as such. They credited Roemer with presenting "an important dissenting view in which a property relations definition of class is defended in Marxist terms".
References
Bibliography
Books
Journals
1982 non-fiction books
American non-fiction books
Analytic philosophy literature
Books about economic inequality
Books about labour
Books by John Roemer
English-language books
Harvard University Press books
Marxist books
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a defensive midfielder for Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Hokkaido
Association football people from Hokkaido
University of Tsukuba alumni
Japanese footballers
Association football midfielders
J1 League players
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players
The 32nd Scripps National Spelling Bee was held at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington, District of Columbia on June 11–12, 1959, organized by the E.W. Scripps Company.
There were 70 entrants, with 59 eliminated on the first day, leaving 11 finalists for the second day of competition. Five of the eleven finalists had competed the prior year.
The winner was Joel Montgomery (age 12) of Denver, a seventh-grader at Byers Junior High, correctly spelling the word catamaran. He was the first boy to win since 1954. Second place went to Robert Crossley (age 13) of Center Square, Pennsylvania, who had finished 14th the prior year, and who failed to correctly spell fanfaronade. Allan Lee Kramer (age 13) of Lake Worth, Florida placed third.
Montgomery appeared on the Ed Sullivan Show on June 14, 1959.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1959 in Washington, D.C.
1959 in education
June 1959 events in the United States
The 5th Overseas Interarmes Regiment (in French 5eme Regiment Interarmes d'Outre Mer (or RIOM)) is a troupe de marine regiment stationed in Djibouti. It has been the Djibouti garrison since 1 November 1969.
It is the last combined arms regiment in the French army comprising a mechanised infantry company, a light cavalry squadron, an artillery battery and a command and support company.
Recent commanding officers
1985–1987: Colonel Kelche
1987–1989: Colonel Coste
1989–1991: Colonel Delort
1991–1993: Colonel de Saqui de Sannes
1993–1995: Colonel Bidard
1995–1997: Colonel Boulnois
1997–1999: Colonel Clément-Bollée
1999–2001: Colonel de Bourdoncle de Saint Salvy
2001–2003: Colonel Boubée de Gramont
2003–2005: Colonel Toutous
2005–2007: Colonel Bucquet
2007–2009: Colonel Millot
2009–: Colonel Gauthier
Organisation
Based at Quartier Brière de l'Isle. The Regiment is made up of:
Headquarters Company (CCS)
1st Infantry Company equipped with VAB and missile CA;
2nd Battery, an anti-aircraft unit equipped with MISTRAL and NC1;
3rd Armoured Squadron, equipped with AMX 10 RC;
6th Battery, Artillery unit equipped with 155mm towed cannon Tr-F1 and 120mm mortars.
Since 1 August 2008, the Aviation Battalion Light Djibouti (MNAAvBn) equipped with Puma and Gazelle helicopters has been attached to the 5th RIAOM.
Flag of the regiment
Decorations
Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 three palms (5e RIC)
Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 deux palms and a silver star (battalion Somali)
Croix de guerre 1939–1945 a palm and a silver star (battalion Somali)
Croix de Guerre TOE of a palm (5e RIC/ Light body for action)
Two national orders of Laos – Order of the Million Elephants and the White Parasol and Order of the Reign, Bronze class
Sources and bibliography
Erwan Bergot, La coloniale du Rif au Tchad 1925–1980, imprimé en France : décembre 1982, n° d'éditeur 7576, n° d'imprimeur 31129, sur les presses de l'imprimerie Hérissey.
Marine regiments of France
Infantry regiments of France
Armoured regiments of France
Artillery regiments of France
20th-century regiments of France
21st-century regiments of France
Military units and formations established in 1890
Brick Lane (Bengali: ব্রিক লেন) is a street in the East End of London, in the borough of Tower Hamlets. It runs from Swanfield Street in Bethnal Green in the north, crosses the Bethnal Green Road before reaching the busiest, most commercially active part which runs through Spitalfields, or along its eastern edge. Brick Lane's southern end is connected to Whitechapel High Street by a short extension called Osborn Street.
Today, it is the heart of the country's Bangladeshi community with the vicinity known to some as Banglatown. It is famous for its many curry houses.
Early history
15th to 18th centuries
The street was formerly known as Whitechapel Lane, and wound through fields. It derives its current name from brick and tile manufacture started in the 15th century, which used the local brick earth deposits. The street featured in the 16th-century Woodcut map of London as a partially-developed crossroad leading north from the city's most easterly edge, and by the 17th century was being developed northwards from the Barres (now Whitechapel High Street) as a result of expanding population.
Brewing came to Brick Lane before 1680, with water drawn from deep wells. One brewer was Joseph Truman, first recorded in 1683. His family, particularly Benjamin Truman, went on to establish the sizeable Black Eagle Brewery on Brick Lane. The Brick Lane Market first developed in the 17th century for fruit and vegetables sold outside the City.
Successive waves of immigrants settled in the area. In the 17th century, French Huguenots expanded into the area for housing; the master weavers were based in Spitalfields. Starting with the Huguenots, the area became a centre for weaving, tailoring and the developing clothing industry. It continued to attract immigrants, who provided semi-skilled and unskilled labour.
19th-century markets and their modern use
In the 19th century, Irish people and Ashkenazi Jews immigrated to the area. Jewish immigration continued into the early 20th century.
The Sunday market, like those on Petticoat Lane and nearby Columbia Road, dates from a dispensation given by the government to the Jewish community in the 19th century. At the time, owing to the Christian observance of Sabbath, no Sunday markets were open. Located at the junction of Cheshire Street and Sclater Street, the market sells bric-a-brac as well as fruit, vegetables and many other items. In 2015 it was identified by police as the focal point of a trade in stolen bicycles and bicycle parts, many taken from people employed in the City of London who had used "cycle to work" schemes. Alongside seven arrests, the police also warned purchasers that buying bicycles or parts in deals "too good to be true" could make them guilty of handling stolen goods. Near the junction with Hanbury Street are two indoor markets; Upmarket and Backyard Market. The Brick Lane Farmers' Market opened in 2010, intended to be held every Sunday in nearby Bacon Street; it has now closed.
In the later 20th century, Bangladeshi Bengalis from Sylhet comprised the major group of immigrants and gradually predominated in the area. Many Bengali immigrants to Brick Lane were from the Greater Sylhet region of what became Bangladesh. These settlers helped shape Bangladeshi migration to Britain; many families from Beanibazar, though they spread around the london city Jagannathpur and Bishwanath tend to live in the Brick Lane area.
Religious groups
In 1742, La Neuve Eglise, a Huguenot chapel, was built on the corner of Brick Lane and Fournier Street. By 1809, it was used by missionaries as The Jews' Chapel, where they promoted Christianity to the expanding Jewish population. It was adapted as a Methodist chapel in 1819 for Protestant residents. (John Wesley had preached his first "covenant sermon" at the nearby Black Eagle Street Chapel).
Reflecting the changing demographics of the area, in 1898, the building was consecrated as the Machzikei HaDath, or Spitalfields Great Synagogue. After decades of change in the area, with Jews moving out and Bangladeshis moving in, in 1976 it was adapted again as the London Jamme Masjid (Great London Mosque) to serve the expanding Bangladeshi community. The building is Grade II* listed.
Bengali settlement
In the 20th century the Brick Lane area was important in the second wave of development of Anglo-Indian cuisine, as families from countries such as Bangladesh (mainly the Greater Sylhet region) migrated to London to look for work. Some curry houses of Brick Lane do not sell alcoholic beverages, for most are owned by Muslims. According to EasyJet Traveller magazine, the top three curry houses on Brick Lane in 2021 are Aladin, Sheba and City Spice.
Bengalis in the United Kingdom settled in big cities with industrial employment. In London, many settled in the East End. For centuries the East End has been the first port of call for many immigrants working in the docks and shipping from Chittagong port in Bengal (the British Empire in India was founded and based in Bengal). Their regular stopover paved the way for food outlets to be opened; these catered at first for an all-male workforce, for family migration and settlement took place some decades later. Humble beginnings such as this gave rise to Brick Lane as the famous curry capital of the UK (alongside Birmingham's Balti Triangle).
Designed by Meena Thakor, the ornamental Brick Lane Arch was erected in 1997 near Osborn Street to mark the entrance to Brick Lane and to ‘Banglatown'. Like Brick Lane's lamp posts, the arch displays the red and green colours of the Bangladesh flag. Having contributed so significantly to the area, the Bengali community campaigned to get the arch installed to celebrate Bengali culture in Brick Lane.
Regeneration
More recently the area has also broadened to being a vibrant art and fashion student area, with considerable exhibition space. Each year most of the fine art and fashion courses exhibit their work near Brick Lane.
Since the late 1990s, Brick Lane has been the site of several of the city's best known night clubs, notably 93 Feet East and The Vibe Bar, both built on the site of The Old Truman Brewery, once the industrial centre of the area, and now an office and entertainment complex. In 1999, it was the scene of a bombing that injured 13 people.
Brick Lane has a regular display of graffiti, which features artists such as Banksy, Stik, ROA, D*Face, Ben Eine and Omar Hassan. The street has been used in many music videos, including "Glory Days" by Just Jack, "All These Things That I've Done" by The Killers, and "Überlin" by R.E.M.
Land ownership and naming
Large swathes of Brick Lane and its surrounding areas were once owned by the Osborne (later Osborn after 1720) family, Baronets, of Chicksands in the County of Bedford. The family's holdings survived until at least the 1970s. The family's history continues to be reflected by the naming of streets in the area around Brick Lane, including:
Chicksand Street reflects the village of Chicksands in Bedfordshire, location of the family seat Chicksands Priory;
The west end of what is now Chicksand Street was once Osborn Place (see 1787 map);
Modern Osborn Street is a renaming of what was once the southernmost stretch of Brick Lane (see Rocque map of 1746 for this naming, altered by the time of the 1787 map);
Heneage Street reflects the marriage of George Osborn, 4th Baronet, to Lady Heneage Finch (his 2nd wife) in April 1772;
The modern Hopetown Street was originally Finch Street, reflecting the same marriage (see 1853 map, right);
The modern Old Montague Street was originally just Montague Street, preserving the maternal family name of George Osborn, 4th Baronet, whose mother, Mary Montague, was the daughter of George Montague, 2nd Earl of Halifax. The continuation of Chicksand Street to the east (now demolished) was once Halifax Street, referencing the same marriage.
Modern Hanbury Street is made up of four streets shown on the 1853 map: Browns Lane, Montague Street (triggering the addition of 'Old' to the earlier street of the same name), Well Street and Church Street.
Buildings of interest
Nearby buildings of interest include Christ Church, Spitalfields, the Jamme Masjid or Great London Mosque on the corner of Fournier Street (the building represents a history of successive communities of immigrants in East End), and The Rag Factory on Heneage Street (once home to Turner Prize nominees Tracey Emin and Gary Hume, now a thriving arts space).
Transport
The nearest London Underground stations are Aldgate East and Liverpool Street. A campaign was launched in 2006 to change the name of Aldgate East station to "Brick Lane", but received no official support.
The nearest London Overground station is Shoreditch High Street station. This line runs on part of the former East London Line which has now been converted to London Overground. At the junction with Pedley Street existed the former Shoreditch Underground station terminus, which closed in 2006 due to the construction of the East London Line extension, and replaced by the aforementioned Shoreditch High Street. Remnants of the station can be seen from overground trains entering and leaving Liverpool Street station.
In popular culture
The street is the location for Monica Ali's book Brick Lane, published in 2003, and the film of the same name of 2007 starring Tannishtha Chatterjee. The novel provoked a controversy with some of the local South Asian community because of a perceived negative portrayal of them. Parts of the Bengali community were particularly opposed to plans by Ruby Films to film parts of the movie based on the novel in the Brick Lane area and formed the "Campaign Against Monica Ali's Film Brick Lane". Consequently, the producers of the film used different locations for certain scenes, such as that depicting Brick Lane Market. Despite this, the director of the film, Sarah Gavron, attests on the DVD commentary of the film that genuine footage of Brick Lane does appear in the finished movie. Activists told The Guardian they intended to burn copies of Ali's book during a rally to be held on 30 July 2006, but the demonstration passed without incident.
Other notable books on the area are Salaam Brick Lane by Tarquin Hall, On Brick Lane (2007) by Rachel Lichtenstein and An Acre of Barren Ground by Jeremy Gavron. A large collection of photographs of the characters and salespeople who worked on the markets in Brick Lane were taken by Fran May between 1976 and 1978, whilst she was a student of photography at the Royal College of Art.
The street was used for several filming locations for the third season of the BBC television series Luther (2013).
See also
Beigel Bake
British Bangladeshi
Green Street, London
Balti Triangle, Birmingham, also known as 'The Halal Quarter'
References
External links
Brick Lane entry at the Survey of London (1957)
Brick Lane through the last two hundred years, including many genealogical pubs.
Virtual e-Tour Brick Lane
Our Brick Lane - Eastside Community Heritage
Restaurant districts and streets in England
Streets in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Ethnic enclaves in the United Kingdom
Bethnal Green
Shoreditch
Spitalfields
Whitechapel
Cecil Arthur Kelsick TC (born 15 July 1920) was Chief Justice of Trinidad and Tobago from 1983 to 1985.
He was educated at Montserrat Grammar School and King's College London (LLB, 1941; AKC, 1942).
References
1920 births
Alumni of King's College London
Associates of King's College
Members of the Inner Temple
Recipients of the Trinity Cross
Possibly living people
Adam de Lymbergh (died 1339) was an English Crown official and judge of the early fourteenth century, who served two Kings with distinction. He was Lord Chancellor of Ireland, a Baron of the Exchequer and Keeper of the Privy Seal.
He was born in Lincolnshire, where he was a substantial landowner with estates at Torksey and Navenby; his name probably derives from the village of Great Limber in the same county.
He was in holy orders: he became prebendary of Stafford in 1312, and held at least four livings: Rye, Sussex, Berkswell, Warwickshire and two parishes in Lincolnshire itself, Firsby and Algakirk.
He was a valued Crown official who served in several positions of trust from early in the reign of Edward II. He was appointed a Remembrancer of the Exchequer in 1311, and the records show that he was exceptionally diligent in performing his duties.
He was appointed Constable of Bordeaux, then an English possession, in 1322, and served for three or four years. Two petitions of his to the King and Council survive from about 1330 when his accounts were being audited. The first requests that the Exchequer allow him his costs of travelling to Bordeaux, and of his installation as Constable. The second petition, after referring to the extreme difficulties he had encountered as Constable, asks for his accounts to be dealt with at once, so that he might be repaid his expenses. King Edward III, who like his father had high regard for Adam, granted both petitions.
In 1323 he was appointed Keeper of the Privy Seal, one of the first recorded holders of the office. Edward III appointed him Lord Chancellor of Ireland in 1330, and he served in that office for four years. He then returned to England and was appointed a Baron of the Exchequer, in which capacity he served until his death in 1339.
As he was by virtue of his calling a celibate, his substantial estates in Lincolnshire were inherited by his sister Matilda.
Sources
Ball, F. Elrington The Judges in Ireland 1221-1921 London John Murray 1926
Foss, Edward The Judges of England London Longman Green Brown and Longmans 1851
National Archives SC/8/60/2951 and SC/8/60/2952 "Petitions of Adam de Lymbergh, former Constable of Bordeaux"
People from Lincolnshire
Lord chancellors of Ireland
Barons of the Exchequer
The Luț () is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Transylvania, Romania. It discharges into the Mureș near Glodeni. Its length is and its basin size is . It passes through the villages Monor, Batoș, Goreni, Breaza and Voivodeni. Its main tributaries are, from source to mouth:
Căpâlna (left)
Uila (right)
Săcalul (left)
Fleț (right)
Agriș (right)
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Mureș County
Rivers of Bistrița-Năsăud County
Ryan Graham Pun Teague (born 24 January 2002) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for the U23-team of Primeira Liga club Famalicão.
Club career
Sydney FC
Teague joined Sydney FC's academy at its inception, and progressed through the youth ranks, before being awarded a scholarship in September 2018. In September 2019, along with Marco Tilio and Harry van der Saag, Teague was awarded a Hyundai A-League scholarship contract, and was promoted to the senior squad. On 7 December 2019, Teague made his professional debut, coming off the bench for Luke Brattan in the 82nd minute of a 5–1 win over Brisbane Roar at Jubilee Oval.
Famalicão
On 30 January 2020, Teague signed for Portuguese side Famalicão. He made his first team debut on 24 July 2021 in a 1–0 Taça da Liga win against Feirense.
On 13 August 2021, Sporting da Covilhã announced the signing of Teague on a season long loan. His first appearance was in the Liga Portugal 2 game against Vilafranquense on 23 August 2021.
International career
Youth
Teague was a fixture in the Joeys side from 2017 until the 2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup, where he captained the side to the round of 16, playing all 4 games, and culminating in a 4–0 defeat to France.
References
External links
Ryan Teague at ZeroZero
Ryan Teague at Liga Portugal
2002 births
Living people
Australian soccer players
Association football midfielders
Sydney FC players
F.C. Famalicão players
S.C. Covilhã players
National Premier Leagues players
A-League Men players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Australian expatriate soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Long Baleh is a settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east-north-east of the state capital Kuching.
Neighbouring settlements include:
Long Peluan southwest
Lepu Wei northeast
Long Banga southwest
Long Metapa southwest
Lio Matoh southwest
Long Salt west
Ramudu Hulu north
Batu Paton northeast
Long Tungan southwest
Pa Dali northeast
References
Populated places in Sarawak
"Wonderful Baby" is a song written and originally recorded by Don McLean. It is a track on his album, Homeless Brother, and a tribute to Fred Astaire. The single peaked at number ninety-three on the Billboard Hot 100 and became McLean's second and last number one on the Easy Listening chart. "Wonderful Baby" also reached number one on the Canadian Adult Contemporary chart.
Chart performance
Cover versions
Fred Astaire covered the song on his 1975 album Attitude Dancing
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1975 (U.S.)
References
External links
1975 songs
1975 singles
Don McLean songs
Songs written by Don McLean
United Artists Records singles
Songs about children
Songs about fathers
was the 7th daimyō of Shibata Domain in Echigo Province, Japan (modern-day Niigata Prefecture). His courtesy title was Izumo-no-kami, and his Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Mizoguchi Naoatsu was the fourth son of Mizoguchi Naomichi, a hatamoto retainer of Shibata Domain from a cadet branch of the Mizoguchi clan. His childhood name was Kamenosuke. He was adopted as posthumous heir to Mizoguchi Naoharu in 1732 and received in formal audience by Shōgun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi the same year. In 1733, the clan was ordered to help repair the moats on Edo Castle. In 1735, the clan was ordered to survey and assist in land reclamation of the Shiunjigata marshes in Echigo Province, after which the clan was entrusted with administration of 16,850 koku of new tenryō lands. Although the domain suffered from fewer flooding disasters than under his predecessors, good harvests conversely drove the price of rice down, and the domain remained unable to free itself of debt. Furthermore, in 1738, the domain was ordered to return the 83,400 koku of tenryō lands back to direct administration by the shogunate. In 1748, the domain was ordered to assist the Korean embassy to Japan during its stay ate Kanagawa-juku on the Tōkaidō. In 1754, the domain traded 52 villages with an assessed kokudaka of 10,000 koku to the shogunate in exchange for 33 villages in another location. A similar trade occurred the following year, with the domain trading 15 villages for 31 others. Naoatsu retired in 1761, citing illness, and died in 1780. His grave is at the temple of Kisshō-ji in Tokyo.
Naoatsu was married to a daughter of Matsudaira Nobutoki of Hamamatsu Domain, and had 8 sons and 4 daughters.
See also
Mizoguchi clan
References
"Shibata-han" on Edo 300 HTML )
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
1716 births
1780 deaths
Mizoguchi clan
People of Edo-period Japan
Missanello (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The Port au Persil River (French: "Rivière du Port au Persil") is a tributary of the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River, flowing into the city of Saint-Siméon in the Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality, in the Capitale-Nationale administrative region, Quebec, Canada. The course of this river flows into the Saint Lawrence River in the village of Port au Persil, northeast of the city of La Malbaie.
The upper part of the valley of this watercourse is served by Route 138 along the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River. However, this road spans the river from Port aux Persil to land in order to get around the coast near the river. The riparian zone is served by the Port-au-Persil road which spans the Port-au-Persil River, near its confluence with the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector; recreational and tourism activities (including resort and tourist activities), second.
The surface of this stream is usually frozen from mid-December to the end of March. Nevertheless, safe ice circulation is generally from late December to mid-March.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the "Salmon Port River" are:
North side: Noire River, Port aux Quilles River, Rivière de la Baie des Rochers, Saguenay River;
East side: Port aux Persil Cove, St. Lawrence River;
South side: Marguerite Creek, Port au Saumon River, Rivière à la Loutre, Malbaie River;
West side: Salmon Port River.
The Port-au-Persil River rises from a mountain stream (elevation: ) in a forest area southeast of "lac des Rats Musqués" (lake of the Musk Rats).
From its source, the course of the Port aux Persil river descends by traveling according to the following segments:
southeasterly, to a bend in a river where a stream flows (from the north);
to the south, in particular passing under Hydro-Québec power lines, then to the east, winding up to Route 138 that it cuts at north of the hamlet Saint-Chrétien;
south to a river bend where a stream flows (from the west);
east through a series of rapids and waterfalls, to the east shore of Port Anse à Persil which is interelected in the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
Toponymy
The term "Port au Persil" is used in Quebec toponymy in the area of Saint-Siméon to designate: the harbor, the hamlet, the bay, the road, the lake, the river and a street.
The term "parsley" was used in the accounts of Samuel de Champlain in 1626. The word parsley is equivalent to "Ligusticum scothicum" or Scottish fillet or parsley or wild parsley, which abound on the shores of the St. Lawrence River, particularly at Rivière-du-Loup.
The toponym "Rivière du Port au Saumon" was formalized on March 28, 1974 at the Bank of Place Names of the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Notes and references
External links
See also
St. Lawrence River
Saint-Siméon, a municipality
List of rivers of Quebec
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality
Micropattern gaseous detectors (MPGDs) are a group of gaseous ionization detectors consisting of microelectronic structures with sub-millimeter distances between anode and cathode electrodes. When interacting with the gaseous medium of the detector, particles of ionizing radiation create electrons and ions that are subsequently drifted apart by means of an electric field. The accelerated electrons create further electron-ion pairs in an avalanche process in regions with a strong electrostatic field. The various types of MPGDs differ in the way this strong field region is created. Examples of MPGDs include the microstrip gas chamber, the gas electron multiplier and the Micromegas detector.
The main advantages of MPGDs over previous types of gaseous detectors, such as the multiwire proportional chamber, are their count rate capability, time and position resolution, granularity, stability and radiation hardness.
References
Particle detectors
Ionising radiation detectors
Leonet Matiz Espinoza (April 1, 1917 – October 24, 1998) was a Colombian photographer, caricaturist, newspaper publisher, painter and gallery owner.
Early life
Matiz was born in the small village of Aracataca in the Magdalena Department of Colombia to father Tulio Matiz and mother Eva Matiz. His hometown is also the birthplace of Gabriel Garcia Marquez. He travelled widely and sold caricatures and illustrations to earn a living. In 1951, Matiz's gallery hosted the first exhibition of Colombian artist Fernando Botero with a showing of his paintings at the Bogotá gallery.
Career
Matiz was known for his sense of style including a thick slightly long hair, colored jackets, and gangster style mustache. He had a robust laugh and carried his caricatures and drawings in a folder. He was at the center of the bohemian intellectualism of Bogotá, Caracas, Mexico City and other Latin American capital centers.
He photographed Frida Kahlo, Diego Rivera, Esther Williams, Janice Logan, David Alfaro Siqueiros, the first castings of María Félix, Luis Buñuel, Marc Chagall, Louis Armstrong, Álvaro Mutis, Pablo Neruda, Walt Disney, Enrique Santos Montejo, “Calibán”, Lucho Bermúdez, Agustín Lara, Gabriel Figueroa, Esther Fernandez, José Clemente Orozco, Mario Moreno Cantinflas, and Dolores del Río.
He was influenced by Mexican cinema, geography, architecture, history, muralism, and history as well as the artists Gustave Doré, George Grozt, Nadar and Guadalupe Posada. He was a photographer for Asi, Life, Reader's Digest, Harper's Magazine, Look and Norte. He had a high profile and intense dispute with David Alfaro Siqueiros.
Exhibitions
2013: "Leo Matiz, Gazing at the Infinite." Colombian National Museum, Bogotá (April 4, 2013 – May 19, 2013)
2001: “Retrospective. Rare photographs from the Estate of Leo Matiz.” Curated by James Cavello (May 3 - June 28) WESTWOOD GALLERY NYC
Personal life
Later in life, Matiz lost an eye after a robber hit him with a wooden stick and tried to steal his camera and bicycle. He continued photographing with an eye patch.
Matiz died in Bogotá, Colombia, on October 24, 1998. The Foundation Leo Matiz was established to preserve his legacy.
References
Further reading
Flórez Góngora, Miguel Angel, and Leo Matiz. Leo Matiz: La Metáfora del Ojo. Bogotá: Ministerio de Cultura, 1998.
External links
Website
Colombian photographers
Colombian caricaturists
1917 births
1998 deaths
20th-century photographers
20th-century male artists
People from Magdalena Department
Ansari Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Anşārī Maḩalleh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Eduardo Benot Rodríguez (26 November 1822 – 27 July 1907) was a Spanish lexicographer, academic, poet, educator and politician advocate of federal republicanism. Follower of Francisco Pi y Margall, he briefly served as Minister of Development during the First Spanish Republic.
Biography
Early life
Born in Cádiz on 26 November 1822, his father had Italian origin. He was a feeble child during infancy. He took studies at the Colegio de San Pedro and later the Colegio de San Felipe Neri.
Already writing as teenager for the newspaper El Defensor del Pueblo, he later wrote for La Alborada, as well he authored 3 theatre pieces.
Working since 1840 for the municipal beneficence office, he was hired as teacher at San Felipe Neri in 1848 (soon starting to publish grammar books), and as lecturer on Geodesy and Astronomy at the Naval Observatory in San Fernando (1857).
Sexenio Democrático
After the 1868 Glorious Revolution, Benot became a member of the Constituent Cortes formed upon the 1869 election in representation of the district of Jerez de la Frontera (Cádiz), overcoming Juan Prim at the election, although Prim was elected anyway as he was candidate in another district.
He was one of the supporters of a manifesto promoted by Francisco Pi y Margall on 10 May 1870 which reaffirmed on "pactist" federalism, in response to the so-called "Declaration of the Republican Press" (published on 7 May 1870), which attempted to resignify federalism as a simple administrative decentralization. He was later elected Senator in representation of the province of Girona in the 1872–1873 period.
Following the proclamation of the First Spanish Republic in February 1873, he earned again a seat at the Congress of Deputies in representation of the district of Algeciras (Cádiz) at the May 1873 election. He was appointed as Minister of Development of the executive power presided by Pi y Margall in June 1873.
His short ministerial tenure, barely 17 days, delivered the creation of the (predecessor to both the National Geographical Institute and the National Statistics Institute), and the draft of the Ley de 24 de julio 1873, sobre el trabajo en los talleres y la instrucción en las escuelas de los niños obreros (published after his exit from government), the so-called "Benot Law" regulating child labour, entailing the first State intervention in labour relations ever in Spain. The law failed to be effectively enforced, however. He also forced ayuntamientos to pay for teachers' wage arrears. He was replaced by at the ministerial portfolio.
He exiled after the 1874 coup of Pavía to Portugal, where he began to edit the bi-weekly La Europa, only to return to Madrid some time later, as Cánovas del Castillo achieved, via a requirement for expulsion to the Portuguese authorities, the forced return to Spain of Benot.
Later life
Already a correspondent member of the Royal Spanish Academy since 1860, he was later elected as numerary member, taking possession of the Chair Z on 14 April 1889, reading ¿Qué es hablar? a speech replied by Víctor Balaguer. His contributions to Spanish grammar have received diverse and lavish praises, but they tend to agree in pointing out the "modernity" of his approaches, sometimes even considered to be a "direct precursor" of "modern linguistics".
Benot would return to the Lower House, elected in representation of Madrid at the 1893 election.
He replaced Pi y Margall at the helm of the Federal Democratic Republican Party when the latter died. He could not however avoid the fracture of the party in May 1905. Catalanist republicans would reject from then on the insertion within the main stem of the Spanish left-wing.
Ill and progressively blind since 1901, he died poor at Calle del Marqués de Villamagna 6, Madrid, on 27 July 1907. The funeral procession that took place on the next day was attended by , , Azcárate, Salmerón and Labra and by an attendance formed chiefly by republican sympathizers. Benot was buried at the in the Necrópolis del Este, in the same tomb Pi y Margall had been initially buried prior to the transfer of its corpse to a specific mausoleum funded via popular subscription.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Spanish republicans
Members of the Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Exiled Spanish politicians
Members of the Congress of Deputies of the Spanish Restoration
Members of the Royal Spanish Academy
Members of the Senate of Spain
Government ministers during the First Spanish Republic
Thomas Gardiner Bramston (1770–1831) was an English politician.
Life
He was the son of Thomas Berney Bramston, Member of Parliament for , and his wife Mary Gardiner, educated at Felsted School and New College, Oxford. In 1813 he inherited the Skreens estate from his father.
For the 1820 general election, Bramston was nominated as candidate for Essex, though without his knowledge, by Henry Conyers and Francis Wollaston. He lost out to Eliab Harvey and Charles Callis Western, in the two-member constituency. During the 1826 general election he nominated George Allanson Winn for , but did not run himself. At this period he was concerned to defend the Corn Laws and oppose reform.
Harvey died in 1830. Bramston stood against Conyers for the vacant Essex seat, and was elected. The death of George IV then caused a general election of 1830, and Bramston was unwilling to stand again, having spent some four months in Parliament. He died of a burst blood vessel in 1831.
In 1796, Bramston married Maria Anne (died 1821), daughter of William Blaauw, of Queen Anne Street, Middlesex, of a Dutch family of Amsterdam burgomasters, and half-sister of the antiquarian William Henry Blaauw. They had two sons and six daughters. Bramston married secondly, in 1823, Charlotte, daughter of Sir Henry Hawley, 1st Baronet.
Notes
1770 births
1831 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
People from Essex
People educated at Felsted School
Alumni of New College, Oxford
UK MPs 1826–1830
The Gabriel P 6 was a Polish training aircraft and the P 7 a tourer. The difference between them was the wing configuration, chosen to optimise their speed range for their role, so the P 6 was a biplane and the P 7 a parasol wing aircraft.
Design and development
After their first powered design, the single seat P 5, the Gabriel brothers considered the different requirements of two seat trainers and tourers. Both needed to handle well, ideally with similar characteristics, but the trainer required lower landing speeds and the tourer higher cruise speeds. They decided that economical solutions would share engines, fuselages, landing gears and wings but that the trainer should be a biplane with a cantilever lower wing and the tourer, without the lower wing, a parasol wing monoplane. The same airframe was flown in both the biplane (P 6) and parasol (P 7) configurations. Like the Gabriel P 5, the new aircraft was strongly influenced by the Fokker D.VII.
The P 6 was an all wood aircraft. Both of its wings were tapered in plan and were built around two spars with plywood covering. The upper wing was mounted over the fuselage by a cabane of inverted V-struts from the upper fuselage and braced on each side with a parallel pair of struts from the spars to the lower longeron. The lower wing was attached to the lower longerons.
The trainer was powered by a four cylinder, water-cooled inline Mercedes engine. The forward part of its rectangular section fuselage was covered with aluminium sheet and the rest with plywood. There were two cockpits in tandem, equipped with dual control though with flight instruments only in the rear seat. Its empennage was externally braced, with ply-covered fin and tailplane carrying fabric covered control surfaces.
Its fixed landing gear, with a track of , was of the tailskid type, with mainwheels on a single axle held via rubber ring shock absorbers on V-struts from the lower longerons.
The Gabriel P 6, the first Polish designed two seat trainers, was flown for the first time in late May 1924, piloted by Jan Gabriel at Bydgoszcz. It was subsequently tested by pilots from the Bydgoszcz pilot's school, who reported that it handled well.
Later in 1924 the lower wing was removed, a straightforward alteration in the absence of interplane struts, and the aircraft was flown successfully as the Gabriel P 7. With only 63% of the P 6's wing area but slightly lighter the P 7 had both maximum and landing speeds that were faster than the P 6.
The Polish aeronautical authorities showed no more interest in the P 6 and P 7 than they had in the P 5. No funding was gained and, although Pawel Gabriel had designed a new high wing, low power ultralight, the P 7 was the Gabriels' last aircraft to fly.
Variants
P 6 Biplane trainer.
P 7 Parasol wing tourer with P 6's lower wing discarded.
Specifications (P 6)
References
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Biplanes
Parasol-wing aircraft
1920s Polish sport aircraft
Arthur Woodbury Sager (July 4, 1904 – January 17, 2000) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gardiner, Maine and died in Boxford, Massachusetts. He worked at The Governor Dummer Academy and wrote a book called Speak Your Way to Success.
He is the maternal grandfather of actor Seth MacFarlane.
In 1928 he finished tenth in the javelin throw competition.
References
1904 births
2000 deaths
People from Gardiner, Maine
Track and field athletes from Maine
American male javelin throwers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Hermann Wronker AG was a German department store chain. Its holdings included the largest department store in Frankfurt before World War II.
Company founder Hermann Wronker was born on 5 August 1867 in eastern Prussia. He started businesses at a young age, opening stores in Bamberg and Coburg, and in 1887 in Mannheim founded S. Wronker & Co. with his elder brother Simon. Hermann left Mannheim in 1891 to found a branch of the business in Frankfurt am Main. Branches later opened in Baden, Hessen, and Alsace. The Frankfurt site was expanded in 1896, but had to be rebuilt following a fire in 1897. In 1921 the business was incorporated as Hermann Wronker AG, which by the end of the decade had become one of the largest businesses in southern Germany after expanding to Nuremberg and within Frankfurt. Its flagship Frankfurt store was known as Kaufhaus Wronker.
In 1934 the company was "aryanized" and the Wronker family was forced to sell. While some members of the family emigrated out of Germany, Hermann Wronker was murdered in the Auschwitz concentration camp in 1942.
References
Retail companies established in 1887
Companies acquired from Jews under Nazi rule
1934 disestablishments in Germany
Retail companies disestablished in 1934
German companies established in 1887
Comitas bilix is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Description
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to New Zealand. Fossils have been found in Tertiary strata of the Gisborne District
References
Marwick, John. The Tertiary Mollusca of the Gisborne District. Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Geological Survey Branch, 1931.
Maxwell, P.A. (2009). Cenozoic Mollusca. pp 232–254 in Gordon, D.P. (ed.) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity. Volume one. Kingdom Animalia: Radiata, Lophotrochozoa, Deuterostomia. Canterbury University Press, Christchurch.
External links
bilix
Gastropods described in 1931
Gastropods of New Zealand
Luis Enrique Urquidi Holberton (3 October 1935−3 March 1994) was a Chilean musician and folklorist.
Despite he was born in Antofagasta, Urquidi was grown up in Valparaíso, where then joined the Pontifical Catholic University of Valparaíso School of Law, career which he didn't end. Similarly, he was part of the nationalist band Los Cuatro Cuartos in the 1960s, decade where he helped to Willy Bascuñán to compose Los Viejos Estandartes («The Old Military Banners»), song which later was officially established as the anthem of the Chilean Army (1976).
A strong oppositor to the socialist president Salvador Allende, after the 1973 coup d'état, he supported the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet through the creation of other marches like «Alborada», which honored the coup with allusions to September 11. By the other hand, in 1971 he already was ruler of Santiago and in 1989 he failed to be elected as deputy for the 19th District composed by Independencia and Recoleta.
References
External links
Profile at Música Popular
1935 births
1994 deaths
Chilean people
Chilean musicians
Pontifical Catholic University of Valparaíso alumni
National Party (Chile, 1966) politicians
Chilean anti-communists
John D. Kuhns is an author, artist, businessman, private equity investor and investment banker. His published fiction takes place in both domestic and foreign settings, while much of his business career has been in the alternative energy industry. He has founded and taken five companies public. In addition to the United States, Kuhns also has established companies and developed projects in Argentina, Brazil, China, Costa Rica, England, Honduras, India, Ireland, Mexico, Papua New Guinea, Sri Lanka and Wales. Kuhns has been interviewed for CNBC, Reuters Insider, Fox Business, Forbes, Bloomberg Law, and as the cover story Journey to the East by The Edge, on the business and economic climate in China and Southeast Asia. Most recently, he was interviewed by Bloomberg regarding his business in Bougainville.
Education
Born in Lake Forest, Illinois to college professors, Kuhns spent his formative years in Takoma Park, Maryland, a suburb of Washington, D.C., where he was educated in the public schools.
A member of the Class of 1972 at Georgetown University, he graduated from with an A.B in Sociology and in Fine Arts. Kuhns was a four-year starter at middle linebacker on the Georgetown varsity football team. Leading the team in tackles for two years, and the second leading tackler in his other two campaigns, Kuhns was elected a team captain in his senior year. He was inducted into the Georgetown University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1994.
A sculptor, Kuhns received a scholarship to study fine arts at the University of Chicago in 1973 after a Georgetown professor, without Kuhns' knowledge, submitted his art portfolio to the school. After complementing his studies as a teaching assistant in sculpture and drawing to undergraduates and an art and culture critic for the Maroon, the university's student newspaper, he graduated with a Master's in Fine Arts degree in 1975. Subsequently, he attended Harvard Business School in Boston, Massachusetts, graduating with a Master's in Business Administration degree in 1977. During his summer between years at business school, he worked on the bond trading desk at the investment banking firm of Salomon Brothers in its Boston office.
Career
Kuhns' career as an investment banker began when he joined Salomon Brothers in New York in 1977 in its public finance department, working on publicly owned electric utility projects. Later, he left with a group of Salomon Brothers partners to form J.J. Lowrey & Co., a bond trading and project finance investment bank including two partners who later embarked on respective campaigns for president of the United States, where he was a general partner.
In 1986, Kuhns acquired control of the Laidlaw, Adams & Peck investment bank, one of the oldest continuously operated financial firms in the United States, and changed the firm's name to Kuhns Brothers & Laidlaw. Under his direction, Kuhns Brothers has financed many companies, including the IPO for CalEnergy, one of the world's largest geothermal power corporations. After 1989 Kuhns focused on financing domestic alternative energy companies, power technology ventures and infrastructure companies, as well as many foreign issuers, mainly from China.
As an entrepreneur, Kuhns has taken 5 of his own companies public.
In 1981, Kuhns founded Catalyst Energy Corporation, one of the first publicly traded independent power producers in America. In 1986, the company completed its IPO and became listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol . Catalyst became the largest independent power company generating electricity for sale to utilities in 1988. The company became known for its ability to take advantage of loopholes, such as buying a St. Louis steam generator, and leasing the generator's distribution pipes from the state of Missouri. Because Catalyst did not own the distribution pipes, it was exempt from many regulations. In 1984 while CEO of Catalyst, Kuhns made his first visit to China, going to Chengdu to purchase hydroelectric generating equipment, and becoming the first American to do so in the process. In 1987, Kuhns supervised the IPO of Catalyst's steam power affiliate—Catalyst Thermal Energy Corporation. By 1988, Catalyst had revenues of $417 million and assets worth $1 billion, and was the fastest-growing public company in America from 1982 to 1987 according to Inc. Magazine.
Kuhns continued to develop and invest in alternative energy and renewable energy projects throughout China and other parts of the developing world. In 1992 he founded and was the chairman and CEO of The New World Power Corporation, a wholly renewable-based independent power producer. His work with New World focused on alternate energy. At New World, he developed and financed hydroelectric projects in Costa Rica, China, Argentina, and Mexico, and wind farms in the United Kingdom and the United States.
In 2006 as chairman and CEO, Kuhns formed China Hydroelectric Corporation, an owner and developer of hydroelectric projects in China. China Hydroelectric Corporation began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in 2010.
Kuhns organized the China Hand Fund, which invested in companies in China, in 2007.
In 2012, Kuhns became executive chairman of NanoFlex Power Corporation (formerly Global Photonic Energy Corporation), a developer of intellectual property which holds over 600 patents worldwide in advanced solar technology. Kuhns had been an investor and board member of the company since 1999. NanoFlex went public in 2013.
In 2016 Kuhns established an organization now called Numa Numa Resources, Inc. to develop and invest in infrastructure and other business ventures in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville, an island archipelago located in the South Pacific possessing billions in copper, gold, and other valuable resources.
Numa Numa's plan is to become a leading commercial enterprise in Bougainville. It is currently involved in gold dealing, mining, and the redevelopment of a limestone quarry and lime calcination project as well as a hydropower-based electric utility.
Books
Kuhns first novel was loosely based on his hydroelectric business in China. China Fortunes was released in 2010 by Wiley. The book follows a protagonist named Jack Davis, "an American financier lured by the spectacular promise of the confusing land, from early success and a meteoric IPO that seems too easy, to treachery and loss, and triumphant financial and emotional renewal."
Jing Daily described it as a "vivid illustration" of "the opportunities and obstacles experienced by foreign businesspeople in the early days of China's sometimes uncomfortable embrace of capitalism…China Fortunes manages to tread the fine line between entertainment and education, never losing sight of the adventure and mind-expanding aspects of living and working in China as a foreigner." The book received positive reviews with Terry McDonell, the former managing editor of Sports Illustrated, calling it, "a smart and stylish take on what business really is in modern China. Kuhns knows both cold, and most important, he can tell a great story…ironic, fast moving and sharply observed. It will lock you in."
Kuhns' second novel, Ballad of a Tin Man, was published in 2016 by Post Hill Press. Once again the story line involves business, but the setting changes from China to South Florida, and this time protagonist Jack Davis needs help from some notable underworld figures.
Kuhns' third novel, South of the Clouds, a story about smuggling jade over the Sino-Burmese border in China's southwestern province of Yunnan, was published by Post Hill Press in 2018. "An engaging novel with a protagonist who remains appealing, even as he tiptoes into shady territory,"—Kirkus Review.
Kuhns' most recent novel, They Call Me Ishmael, was published by Post Hill Press in February 2022. "A captivating political tale, dramatically gripping and historically enlightening." The book is the story of Ishmael Toroama, the former guerilla leader of the Bougainville Revolutionary Army in the civil war—called “the Crisis”—fought between Bougainville and Papua New Guinea from 1989-2001. Once the Crisis was resolved, Bougainville earned the right to conduct an independence referendum, and in 2019 98% of its citizens voted to leave Papua New Guinea. In 2020, Toroama was elected President of Bougainville, putting him in a position to lead the newest nation on earth.
Ballad of a Tin Man and South of the Clouds have been optioned by Los Angeles-based film producer RainMaker Films.
References
American investment bankers
Living people
Harvard Business School alumni
Georgetown University alumni
University of Chicago alumni
American venture capitalists
People from Lake Forest, Illinois
People from Takoma Park, Maryland
Year of birth missing (living people)
An Entertaining Tale of Quadrupeds (Medieval Greek: Παιδιόφραστος διήγησις τῶν ζῴων τῶν τετραπόδων) is a Byzantine poem composed in the 14th century AD by an unknown author. It is notable for its cross-genre literary style, encompassing satire, didactic and romance (see Byzantine literature). The text takes the form of a dialogue between different domestic and wild animals, in a convention presided over by the King of the animals, the Lion.
Dating
The poem itself states that it was written on 15 September 1364. Modern commentators have generally accepted that the poem was written within 10–20 years either side of this date. It was probably written before 1382, as a specific kind of hat (Greek: σαρπούζιν; Arabic: sharbūsh) worn by Muslims in Mamluk Egypt was banned that year. The style and vigour of the text also suggest that the poem was written before the forced vassalage of the remaining Byzantine Empire to the Ottoman Empire.
Author
Name
The author of the poem is unknown. The first verses of the Greek version form the acrostic 'ΔΙΟΓΕΝΟΥΣΘΕ' ('Diogenousthe'), which could suggest the author's name was Diogenes/Digines (Greek: Διογένης). The name is otherwise unknown in this context, and therefore the author's identity remains a mystery.
Social position
There are some indications in the text about the social position of the author in his 14th-century context. Much like the majority of literate persons in the Byzantine Empire at this time, the author was probably associated with the Byzantine Church, possibly a monk, scribe or secretary. This is supported by several clues in the poem. Firstly, the text ends with a reference to Psalm 33.16. Secondly, the author displays anti-Catholicism and anti-Semitism, characteristic of Byzantine clergy at this time. There are no allusions to personal relationships and marriage, though references to genitalia are plentiful.
Style
The text is in the form of a poem. The meter is composed of 15 syllables. Each section is separated by a Caesura between the 8th and 9th syllable. There are a total of 1082 verses and 36 stanzas.
Genre
The genre of the Tale is not clearly defined. There are features of Allegory, Bestiary, Fable/Beast fable and Epic poetry.
Allegory
The central allegory of the Tale is the depiction of Animal society, with its various characters and traits, as an allusion to contemporary Byzantine society. Many of the characters could fulfill numerous positions in Byzantine society: the Lion, a figure of supreme importance and power (Emperor, Patriarch of Constantinople, Pope); the Fox, a wily trickster (Court eunuch); the Elephant, a redundant giant (Co-Emperor).
Fable/Beast Fable
See: Beast fable
Bestiary
The Tale plausibly falls into the category of Bestiary. It lists many animals, both domestic and wild, among its protagonists: Lion, Elephant, Bear, Boar, Deer, Donkey, Horse, Wolf, Cheetah, Leopard, Dog, Fox, Hound, Ox, Buffalo, Hare, Goat, Nanny (female Goat), Ewe (female Sheep), Camel, Cat, Rat, Monkey, Sheep. Notably, neither birds nor insects feature in the entire story.
Epic poetry
Some aspects of the Tale are similar to the epic poetry, such as the Iliad and the Epic of Gilgamesh. Principally, the focal point and climax of the story is a battle between the two sides in the story. Alongside this, the fighting focuses on hand-to-hand combat:
Language
The Tale is written in Greek. The style of the language suggests that it was written down, as opposed to being recorded from an oral sources. The Tale is immediately remarkable for its use of profane language.
Koine and 'Atticising' Greek
Much in line with contemporary Byzantine literature, the Greek is a mixture of Koine, with close links to the spoken language of the day, and Attic Greek, a language of prestige and learning.
Loan-words
The two sources of loan-words in the Tale come from the East and the West.
Themes
There are several themes present in the text. These include the reversal of the established order, comedy, and loyalty to the church and loyalty to the state.
References
14th-century poems
Byzantine literature
Works of unknown authorship
Nomad is a science fiction novel by American writer George O. Smith. It was first published in book form in 1950 by Prime Press in an edition of 2,500 copies. The novel was originally serialized in three parts in the magazine Astounding beginning in December 1944, under Smith's pseudonym, Wesley Long.
Plot introduction
The novel concerns Guy Maynard, of Earth, who is rescued from his Martian captors by Thomakein of the planet Eterne, an invisible wandering planet. After spending time on Eterne, Maynard returns to Earth where he uses the knowledge he gained to launch an invasion against the newly discovered planet Mephisto. He returns to Earth a hero, but is later court martialed and driven from the Galactic Patrol. He seeks refuge on Eterne by impersonating their ruler. When he is discovered, he flees to Mephisto and there raises an army enabling him to conquer the Solar system becoming its emperor.
Reception
Willy Ley gave the novel a mixed review, praising it as "a story which keeps moving from page one to the end," but complaining that it included "too much plot and counterplot, sub-plot and sub-sub-plot."
References
Sources
External links
1950 American novels
1950 science fiction novels
American science fiction novels
Works originally published in Analog Science Fiction and Fact
Novels first published in serial form
Works published under a pseudonym
Nejc is a Slovene masculine name, a diminutive of Jernej, Slovenian for Bartholomew. Notable people called Nejc include:
Nejc Barič (born 1997), Slovenian professional basketball player
Nejc Brodar (born 1982), Slovenian cross-country skier
Nejc Cehte (born 1992), Slovenian handball player
Nejc Dežman (born 1992), retired Slovenian ski jumper
Nejc Gazvoda (born 1985), Slovene writer, screenwriter and director
Nejc Kolman (born 1989), Slovenian professional football player
Nejc Križaj (born 1989), Slovenian football midfielder
Nejc Kuhar (born 1985), Slovenian ski mountaineer
Nejc Mevlja (born 1990), Slovenian footballer
Nejc Naraločnik (born 1999), alpine skier who competes for Slovenia
Nejc Pačnik (born 1990), Slovenian accordion world-champion and accordion teacher
Nejc Pečnik (born 1986), Slovenian professional footballer
Nejc Plesec (born 1994), Slovenian football midfielder
Nejc Potokar (born 1988), retired Slovenian footballer
Nejc Praprotnik (born 1993), Slovenian footballer
Nejc Skubic (born 1989), retired Slovenian footballer
Nejc Vidmar (born 1989), Slovenian professional footballer
Nejc Žnidarčič (born 1984), Slovenian male canoeist
See also
Jernej
Bartholomew
Depresija () is an urban neighborhood of the city of Novi Sad, Serbia. Its name (meaning 'depression') is derived from the area's low physical elevation.
Location
Depresija is located in Sime Matavulja Street between Liman and Telep and is part of the "Ivo Andrić" local community.
Population
The population of the neighborhood consists of 150 people or 45 families, mostly of Romani origin.
See also
Neighborhoods of Novi Sad
Liman
List of Roma settlements
External links
About Depresija (in Serbian)
Novi Sad neighborhoods
Romani communities in Serbia
Vuguru is an American independent multi-platform studio founded by Michael Eisner's The Tornante Company in March 2006. The company has produced content including the web series Prom Queen, The Booth at the End, Little Women Big Cars, The All-for-Nots, and Back on Topps. The company has signed content deals with AOL, HDNet, Yahoo!, Hulu, YouTube, Stan Lee's POW! Entertainment, and FremantleMedia. Its shows are distributed in over forty countries, on the Internet, mobile phones, and linear television platforms.
Corporate overview
Vuguru properties are distributed internationally in over forty countries. The company produces web television series for distribution on the Internet, portable media devices, television, and cellphones. The name of the company was developed from the French word "vous" and the English word "guru", and combining the words creates a synthetic term that refers to "you are the guru viewing" according to company founder Michael Eisner. Eisner also stated that the purpose of the firm was to produce "story-driven content for the Internet that up until now could only be found in movie theaters or on television". In October 2009, Vuguru was spun off as a separate LLC with funding from Rogers Communications, one of Canada's largest communications companies.
In November 2010, Vuguru signed an agreement with AOL to produce a minimum of six scripted series over the next year, each a series of roughly 90-minute episodes, for distribution by AOL. Vuguru also signed a distribution and first-look deal with Content Film in 2010 for regions outside of North America. In 2012 Eisner signed a distribution deal with Universal Studios, which he stated is a step towards film development for both Vuguru produced projects and other properties. Vuguru signed an additional content creation pact with Yahoo!, in addition to its deals with Hulu and YouTube. In 2013 FremantleMedia will become the main international distributor for Vuguru, distributing its products outside of the US and Canada.
Multi-platform content
Early Vuguru multi-platform series included SamHas7Friends (which Vuguru acquired in 2007) and Foreign Body, a prequel to the novel by Robin Cook, shot primarily on location in New Delhi, India. In 2010 Vuguru targeted the production of ten to fifteen new series for Internet distribution. In 2011 Vuguru partnered with comic book guru Stan Lee's company POW! Entertainment to produce additional content. New Vuguru web series have included Don't Ask, Don't Tell, Little Women Big Cars, The Millionaire Tour, Nuclear Family, Off Season, Fetching, Crawlspace, and Pretty Tough.
Prom Queen
The studio's first project, Prom Queen, consisted of 90-second shorts in 80 episodes and was distributed online, beginning in April 2007. The cost of each 90-second episode was approximately $3000. The project was well reviewed online and attracted over twenty millions viewers. The second season was entitled Prom Queen: Summer Heat, and the third season Prom Queen: Homecoming was released on the CW network platforms.
The All-for-Nots
The Vuguru web series The All-for-Nots was distributed online by HDNet. The show has been described as modern version of The Monkees or Spinal Tap, as it features a made-for-the-web indie band with the same name as the title of the show. The web series follows the All-for-Nots, a band originating in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, on a fictional national tour across the US. It was released in 24 seven-minute episodes, in addition to 30 shorter web clips that provide background on the band and its members. The show was nominated for three Streamy Awards in 2009, including Best Cinematography in a Web Series, Best Original Music in a Web Series, and Best Ad Integration in a Web Series, which it lost to fellow Vuguru web series Back on Topps.
Back on Topps
Vuguru produced two seasons of the sports comedy web series Back on Topps. The show was nominated for a Sports Emmy Award for Outstanding New Approaches in Sports Programming: Short Format in 2009. That year the show also won a 2009 Streamy Award for Best Ad Integration in a Web Series. In 2010 it was the winner of the Streamy Award for Best Branded Entertainment Web Series and nominee for the 2010 Streamy Awards for Best Writing for a Comedy Web Series, Best Ensemble Cast in a Web Series, and Best Guest Star in a Web Series. Eisner's investment company is the owner of the Topps merchandise company, from which the series gets its name. The comedy was played on FoxSports.com, and was described in its first season as a seventeen episode mockumentary.
The Booth at the End
The Booth at the End, a psychological thriller in 23-minute installments, made its debut in 2010 in Canada on the website of CityTV. The content is also available in 62 separate two-minute online episodes, and on FX. The Guardian said of the quality of the series that, "There is more talent and effort poured into one 120-second nugget, demanding a corresponding surge in effort and engagement from the viewer, than there is in almost any hour of TV elsewhere that you care to name." The show centers around individuals who encounter a man named Xander Berkeley. Berkeley sits in a diner booth silently looking out the window, waiting for a stranger to approach him with friendly banter. When they do, their journey begins. Tasks have included the robbing of a bank for exactly $101,043 in exchange for beauty or setting off a bomb in a cafe in order for a woman's husband to be cured of Alzheimer's.
Executives
The Chairman and founder of Vuguru is Michael Eisner. In 2009 Vuguru hired Larry Tanz as the company's first President, after having previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of LivePlanet. They also hired David Shall as their head of business operations, now COO, who was formerly a business affairs executive at Fox. In 2010 the company hired Kristin Jones as its Chief Creative Officer, a former senior vice-president of production, international development, and acquisitions with Miramax. Jones left Vuguru in August, 2013. Tanz was promoted to CEO in February 2012. Eisner stated of Tanz that, "Under his leadership, the company has expanded its production slate, created valuable partnerships and increased profitability."
References
External links
Official site
Private equity portfolio companies
Streaming television
Rogers Communications
Michael Eisner
Dmitry Sergeyvich Sotnikov (; born 29 May 1985) is a Russian rally raid driver who specializes in the truck category. He is a two-time Dakar Rally and a three-time Silk Way Rally champion.
Career
Sotnikov made his Dakar Rally debut in the 2014 edition, finishing in 4th position in the general classification; in the following edition he obtained the 5th position. In Dakar 2017, he achieved his best performance at the time, finishing in second position behind his Kamaz Master teammate Eduard Nikolaev. His best performance on that event happened in 2021 and 2022, when at the end he finished first with five stage wins in both events.
Other events outside the Dakar Rally include his victories in the Silk Way Rally in the 2013, 2017, 2021 and 2022 editions.
Dakar Rally results
Winner
Dakar Rally: 2021, 2022
Silk Way Rally: 2013, 2017, 2021, 2022
Gold of Kagan: 2015
Africa Race: 2013
Kazakhstan Rally: 2019
References
External links
Profile on Dakar Rally
Profile on Kamaz Master
1985 births
Living people
People from Naberezhnye Chelny
Russian rally drivers
Off-road racing drivers
Rally raid truck drivers
Dakar Rally drivers
Dakar Rally winning drivers
Sportspeople from Tatarstan
FC Dnistrovets Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi is a Ukrainian amateur football club from Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi. It was formerly known as Tyras-2500 Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi. It plays in the Odessa Oblast Championship (season 2019–20).
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
References
Football clubs in Odesa Oblast
Amateur football clubs in Ukraine
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi
Association football clubs established in 1930
1930 establishments in Ukraine
Farnsburg Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Ormalingen in the canton of Basel-Land in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Farnsburg was built in 1330 by the Lords of Thierstein and later acquired by the Hapsburg barons of . The barons went on to fight in the war against the Swiss, resulting in a siege of the castle in 1444.
The castle, which was still in good condition, changed ownership several times over the centuries until 1709, when the bailiff in residence at the time was expelled and the castle set on fire. Afterwards, the castle stones were used to build new castles elsewhere and Farnsburg fell quickly into ruin.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Link to page about Ruine Farnsburg on the Upper Rhine Valley tourism site (English)
Link to Ruine Farnsburg on the Baselland Tourism site (German)
Cultural property of national significance in Basel-Landschaft
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Castles in Basel-Landschaft
Minnow is the common name for a number of species of small freshwater fish, belonging to several genera of the family Cyprinidae. They are also known in Ireland as pinkeens.
Smaller fish in the subfamily Leuciscinae are considered by anglers to be "true" minnows.
Types of minnows
Bluntnose minnow (Pimephales notatus): The bluntnose minnow is a primary bait fish for Northern America, and has a very high tolerance for variable water qualities, which helps its distribution throughout many regions. The snout of the bluntnose minnow overhangs the mouth, giving it the bluntnose. There is a dark lateral line which stretches from the opercle to the base of the tail, where a large black spot is located. The average size of the adult is approximately 5 cm (2 in). 'PimephalesCommon shiner Notropis cornutus: These fish are one of the most common type of bait fish and are almost exclusively stream dwellers. The common shiner can be identified by the nine rays on its anal fin and terminal mouth. This minnow is typically bluish silver on the sides and greenish blue on the back., save for breeding season in which case the male gains a rose colored tail and anal fin. The shiner grows about 5–10 cm (2–4 in) within one year and reach a size of 13 cm (5 in) at adulthood. Another common "shiner" bait fish is the young version of the European chub (Leuciscus cephalus or Squalius cephaloides) which is quite easy to catch. Notropis potteri is known as the chub shiner.
Common emerald shiner (Notropis atherinoides atherinoides): Common shiners are most abundant in the Great Lakes of North America, primarily Lake Erie. The name of the emerald shiner comes from the greenish emerald band that expands from the back of the gill cover to the tail. This type of minnow has a short, rounded snout, the only difference between the common emerald shiner and the silver shiner is that the silver shiner has a longer snout and a larger eye. These fish grow to an average length of about 6 cm. This is one of the most common bait fish used in the Lake Erie region of Ohio and many fishermen hold it over all other bait.
Topminnow (Poeciliopsis occidentalis occidentalis): An endangered minnow species which are found primarily in southern New Mexico and Arizona. The drop in the topminnow population can be linked to the introduction of the common mosquitofish. This type of minnow grows to a length of 6 cm ( in) with the females growing to be larger than the males. During times of breeding males turn black while females and non-breeding males are tan or olive-green. The diet of the topminnow consists of bottom debris, vegetation, and small crustaceans.
Common mosquitofish (Gambusia affinis): The mosquitofish is a very small minnow which has received its name for its fondness for mosquito larvae. The mosquitofish usually reaches a length of only 2.5–5 cm (1–2 in) long. This is a peculiar fish because the male has a "modified" anal fin and female gives birth to live young, much like their related cousins the guppy.
Cheat minnow, a species in the genus Pararhinichthys Cutlips minnow, a species in the genus Exoglossum Desert minnows, fishes in the genus Dionda Eurasian minnows, fishes in the genus Phoxinus Fathead minnow (rosy-red minnow), a species in the genus Pimephales Loach minnow, a species of the genus Rhinichthys Short levered minnow, a species of the genus Minnellinus Pikeminnows, fishes in the genus Ptychocheilus Pugnose minnow, a species in the genus Opsopoeodus Silverjaw minnow, a species in the genus Notropis Longjaw minnow, a species in the genus Ericymba Silvery minnows, fishes in the genus Hybognathus Suckermouth minnows, fishes in the genus Phenacobius Vietnamese cardinal minnow, a species in the genus Tanichthys White Cloud Mountain minnow, a species in the genus TanichthysOther fish specifically called minnows include
in the Southern Hemisphere, some fish in the family Galaxiidae, in particular those of genus Galaxias in Southeast Asia, the danionins
the Drakensberg minnow (Labeobarbus aspius) from the Congo Democratic Republic
the Maluti minnow (Pseudobarbus quathlambae) from Lesotho
the Falklands minnow from the Falkland Islands
the pike topminnow (Belonesox belizanus) are confused for the northern pike, (Esox lucius), also called "minnow" for the little size.
the minnows of the deep (Cyclothone sp.''), small bioluminescent bristlemouth fish approximately long
As food
While primarily used for bait, minnows can also be eaten directly by humans. Some Native American cultures have used minnows as food. If minnows are small enough, they can be eaten whole.
Threats and conservation issues
Generally, minnows breed with the slightest rainfall and within a wide temperature range. Contrary to the long-standing presumptions, climate change poses 'negligible' threat to minnows' reproduction. Minnows are also flexible in attaining pre-spawning fitness, which makes them avoid 'skipped spawning' decisions while facing climatic variabilities.
See also
Mud minnow (disambiguation)
Rosy-red minnow
Cape Fear shiner
References
External links
Fish common names
Minnows
GNU Bazaar (formerly Bazaar-NG, command line tool bzr) is a distributed and client–server revision control system sponsored by Canonical.
Bazaar can be used by a single developer working on multiple branches of local content, or by teams collaborating across a network.
Bazaar is written in the Python programming language, with packages for major Linux distributions, and Microsoft Windows. Bazaar is free software and part of the GNU Project.
Features
Bazaar commands are similar to those found in CVS or Subversion. A new project can be started and maintained without a remote repository server by invoking bzr init in a directory which a person wishes to version.
In contrast to purely distributed version control systems which do not use a central server, Bazaar supports working with or without a central server. It is possible to use both methods at the same time with the same project. The websites Launchpad and SourceForge provide free hosting service for projects managed with Bazaar.
Bazaar has support for working with some other revision control systems. This allows users to branch from another system (such as Subversion), make local changes and commit them into a Bazaar branch, and then later merge them back into the other system. Read-only access is also available for Git and Mercurial. Bazaar also allows for interoperation with many other systems (including CVS, Darcs, Git, Perforce, Mercurial) by allowing one to import/export the history.
Bazaar supports files with names from the complete Unicode set. It also allows commit messages, committer names, etc. to be in Unicode.
History
Baz: an earlier Canonical version control system
The name "Bazaar" was originally used by a fork of the GNU arch client tla. This fork is called Baz to distinguish it from the current Bazaar software. Baz was announced in October 2004 by Canonical employee Robert Collins and maintained until 2005, when the project then called Bazaar-NG (the present Bazaar) was announced as Baz's successor. Baz is now unmaintained and Canonical declared it deprecated. The last release of Baz was version 1.4.3, released October 2005. A planned 1.5 release of Baz was abandoned in 2006.
Bazaar
In February 2005, Martin Pool, a developer who had previously described and reviewed a number of revision control systems in talks and in his weblog, announced that he had been hired by Canonical and tasked with "build[ing] a distributed version-control system that open-source hackers will love to use." A public website and mailing list were established in March 2005 and the first numbered pre-release, 0.0.1, was released on 26 March 2005.
Bazaar was conceived from the start as a different piece of software from both GNU arch and Baz. It has a different command set and is a completely different codebase and design. Bazaar was originally intended as a test-bed for features to be later integrated into Baz, but by mid-2005 many of the major Baz developers had begun working primarily on Bazaar directly and Baz was abandoned.
Version 1.0 of Bazaar was released in December 2007. In February 2008, Bazaar became a GNU Project. In April 2012 Martin Pool left Canonical and the pace of development of the project slowed. According to Jelmer Vernooij the members of Canonical's Bazaar team were assigned to different tasks in early 2012 and he himself stepped down from contributing to Bazaar at the end of 2012, after 7 years of contributing to the project. In March 2013 a discussion on the GNU Emacs mailing list started about whether Bazaar is still effectively maintained and if Emacs should move to another version control system. In January 2014 Eric Raymond proposed and coordinated a transition of GNU Emacs from Bazaar to the git version control system. This transition was completed in November 2014. Likewise, the Bugzilla project retired Bazaar in favor of git in March 2014 for multiple reasons, one of them being the impression that Bazaar was almost dead: "There are maybe 2-3 commits to trunk every month. The time to fix bugs in Bazaar also seems to be quite long, generally."
Version 2.7.0 was released in February 2016.
Breezy
Bazaar was forked as Breezy in 2017 to allow backwards-incompatible changes to be made, such as migrating from Python 2 to Python 3 and dropping support for older versions of Windows.
Adoption
Source code hosting
The following websites provide free source code hosting for Bazaar repositories:
Launchpad
GNU Savannah
SourceForge (discontinued for new projects)
Projects using Bazaar
Prominent projects that have used Bazaar for version control include:
Armagetron Advanced
Beautiful Soup
Ubuntu
See also
Breezy
Distributed revision control
Comparison of revision control software
Comparison of open source software hosting facilities
The Cathedral and the Bazaar (source of the name)
References
External links
Canonical (company)
Distributed version control systems
Free software programmed in Python
Free version control software
GNU Project software
Python (programming language) software
Version control systems
Sergio Gómez Cegarra (born 30 March 1991) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UE Cornellà as a defensive midfielder.
Football career
Born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Gómez played youth football with local UE Cornellà, making his senior debuts with Villarreal CF C in the 2010–11 Tercera División season. On 4 June 2011, he made his professional debut, appearing with the B-team in the last 23 minutes of a 1–2 away loss against Real Betis in the Segunda División.
In August 2011, Gómez was loaned to CF Palencia of the Segunda División B. A year later, he joined another Segunda B club, UE Sant Andreu, also on loan.
Gómez signed as a free agent with third-tier club CF Badalona in July 2013. On 23 June of the following year, he moved back to divisional rivals Cornellà.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Footballers from Barcelona
Spanish footballers
Association football midfielders
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Villarreal CF C players
Villarreal CF B players
CF Palencia footballers
UE Sant Andreu footballers
CF Badalona players
UE Cornellà players
The Mims-Breedlove-Priest-Weatherton House is a historic house at 2108 Beechwood Avenue in the Country Club Heights neighborhood of Little Rock, Arkansas. It is a -story wood-frame structure, finished in the Craftsman style. It has a side-gable roof with a shed-roof dormer, extending over its front porch, which is supported by square cypress box columns. Elements of the house framing are timbers salvaged from the demolition of the Gus Blass dry goods store. It was built about 1910 by H.T. Mims, supposedly as a wedding present for one of his twin daughters. (A nearly identical house, clad in vinyl siding, stands next door.) Houses of this sort were once typical in the neighborhood, which has seen many torn down and replaced with larger, more modern residences.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Little Rock, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1910
Houses in Little Rock, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Little Rock, Arkansas
Jay Martin Gould (August 19, 1915 – September 16, 2005), was an economist, businessman, statistician and epidemiologist who cofounded the Radiation and Public Health Project in 1989. It was Gould's contention that radiation from nuclear power plants was causing high rates of cancer in surrounding neighborhoods. For more than two decades, Gould routinely warned that low levels of radiation from nuclear reactors were far more dangerous than commonly believed. But his research was criticized by many in the scientific community as being alarmist.
In 1996, Gould published the book The Enemy Within: The High Cost of Living Near Nuclear Reactors.
Early life and career
Gould was born in Chicago in 1915 and raised in New York. He earned his bachelor's degree from Brooklyn College and his doctorate from Columbia University. He was originally an economist, specializing in antitrust and input-output economics. Gould was an early adopter of information technology in economic applications in the 1960s and 1970s. He co-founded Economic Information Systems, Inc. (EIS), which assembled and computerized one of the largest economic information databases of its time, used primarily for marketing and market share analysis. EIS was sold to the Control Data Corporation in 1982. Gould applied many of the same regional analytic and statistical approaches used at EIS in his later work on radiation and public health issues. He was a member of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Science Advisory Board under President Carter.
Publications
Articles
The following is a partial list of articles authored or co-authored by Jay Martin Gould.
Books
The following is a partial list of books authored or co-authored by Gould. Where possible, the date indicated in parentheses is the date of the first edition.
Gould, Jay M. (1966). . 178 pages.
Gould, Jay M. & Goldman, Benjamin A. (1990). With Kate Millpointer. . 222 pages. Second edition: 1991, xiv + 266 pages. , . Amazon indicates a 1993 edition (3rd?) of 300 pages. A page devoted to the co-author Benjamin A. Goldman, indicates that there exist editions of this title in German (1991), Russian (1993) and Japanese (1994). The current German-language Wikipedia article on Jay M. Gould indicates the date of the German-language publication as 1996 under the title Tödliche Täuschung Radioaktivität.
Gould, Jay M. (1996). [The enemy within: the high cost of living near nuclear reactors : breast cancer, AIDS, low birthweights, and other radiation-induced immune deficiency effects]. 346 pages.
See also
Index of radiation articles
Ernest Sternglass
External Links
Jay and Jane Gould papers at the Rare Book and Manuscript Library, Columbia University, New York, NY
References
1915 births
2005 deaths
American epidemiologists
Nuclear history of the United States
Radiation health effects researchers
20th-century American physicians
20th-century American mathematicians
Columbia University alumni
Brooklyn College alumni
Kitami Observatory is an astronomical observatory in the Kitami-Abashiri Region Cultural Centre in eastern Hokkaidō, Japan. Its observatory code is 400. It is 0.72344 Earth radii from the rotation axis and +0.68811 Earth radii from the equatorial plane, 143.7827 degrees east of Greenwich.
The amateur astronomers Atsushi Takahashi and Kazuro Watanabe discovered many asteroids here. , 680 discoveries have been made at Kitami.
See also
Kin Endate
List of observatories
List of asteroid-discovering observatories
Tetsuya Fujii
Notes
External links
Kitami Region Museum of Science History and Art official website
Astronomical observatories in Japan
Buildings and structures in Hokkaido
Minor-planet discovering observatories
Museums in Japan
Planetaria in Japan
ja:北網圏北見文化センター#施設・展示
The Pedetidae are a family of mammals from the rodent order. The two living species, the springhares, are distributed throughout much of southern Africa and also around Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda. Fossils have been found as far north as Turkey. Together with the anomalures and zenkerella, Pedetidae forms the suborder Anomaluromorpha. The fossil genus Parapedetes is also related.
Taxonomy
The family includes one living genus and three extinct genera. The Asian fossil Diatomys was previously included, but is now classified in the family Diatomyidae with the Laotian rock rat.
Family Pedetidae
Genus Pedetes
South African springhare, P. capensis
†Pedetes gracilis
†Pedetes hagenstadti
East African springhare, P. surdaster
Genus †Megapedetes
†Megapedetes aegaeus
†Megapedetes gariepensis
†Megapedetes pentadactylus
Genus †Oldrichpedetes
†Oldrichpedetes brigitteae
†Oldrichpedetes fejfari
†Oldrichpedetes pickfordi
†Oldrichpedetes praecursor
Genus †Propedetes
†Propedetes efeldensis
†Propedetes laetoliensis
Genus †Rusingapedetes
†Rusingapedetes tsujikawai
References
Further reading
*Incisor enamel microstructure and phylogenetic interrelationships of Pedetidae and Ctenodactyloidea (Rodentia).
Einiges zur Haltung und Zucht Hornchenartiger (Sciuromorpha) im Zoologischen Garten.
Postcranial morphology and springing adaptations in Pedetidae from Arrisdrift, Middle Miocene (Namibia).
Pelvic shape in gliding rodents: implications for the launch.
Tracking genome organization in rodents by Zoo-FISH.
Feldhamer, G. A., L. C. Drickamer, S. H. Vessey, and J. F. Merritt. 1999. Mammalogy. Adaptation, Diversity, and Ecology. WCB McGraw-Hill, Boston. xii+563pp.
McLaughlin, C. A. 1984. Protrogomorph, sciuromorph, castorimorph, myomorph (geomyoid, anomaluroid, pedetoid, and ctenodactyloid) rodents. pp. 267–288 in Anderson, S. and J. K. Jones, Jr. (eds). Orders and Families of Recent Mammals of the World. John Wiley and Sons, N.Y. xii+686 pp.
Paradiso, J. L. 1975. Walker's Mammals of the World, Third Edition. Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore.
Savage, R. J. G. and M. R. Long. 1986. Mammal Evolution, an Illustrated Guide. Facts of File Publications, New York. 259 pp.
Vaughan, T. A. 1986. Mammalogy. Third Edition. Saunders College Publishing, Fort Worth. vii+576 pp.
Vaughan, T. A., J. M. Ryan, N. J. Czaplewski. 2000. Mammalogy. Fourth Edition. Saunders College Publishing, Philadelphia. vii+565pp.
Wilson, D. E., and D. M. Reeder. 1993. Mammal Species of the World, A Taxonomic and Geographic Reference. 2nd edition. Smithsonian Institution Press, Washington. xviii+1206 pp.
Anomaluromorpha
Rodent families
Extant Miocene first appearances
Taxa named by John Edward Gray
Regnitzlosau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany, on the border with the Czech Republic. Regnitzlosau was established in 1234 by three members of the nobility: Cunradus de Lasan, Arnoldus de Lasan and Ciban de Lasan.
References
External links
Official website (in German)
Protestant Church of Regnitzlosau (in German)
Hof (district)
John Bernard Philip Humbert de Salis, 9th Count de Salis-Soglio, TD, John da Buri, Graf v. Salis-Soglio, (London, 16 November 1947-Cà Buri, Mezzane di Sotto, Veneto, Italy 14 March 2014); SRI Comes, Illustris et Magnificus, was a Count de Salis-Soglio. He was a ICRC delegate and envoy; Knight Grand Cross of Honour and Devotion (2000) of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (knight, 1974), and Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Order of Malta with Swords, first ambassador of the Order to Thailand 1986–98, Cambodia 1993–98, president of its Swiss Association (1995-2000) and of CIOMAL (Comité International de l'Ordre de Malte), 2000–08; British soldier and lawyer; Valpolicella vigneron and hereditary Knight of the Golden Spur.
Life
An Imperial Count of the Holy Roman Empire (Reichsgraf), (created by letters patent dated Vienna, 12 March 1748 for Envoy Peter de Salis-Soglio (1675-1749), of Chur and Chiavenna, and his son Jerome (Naturalized British in 1731), by Emperor Francis I), John de Salis was the only child of Lt. Colonel John Eugène, 8th Count de Salis (1891-1949), Irish Guards, by his Roman wife Maria Camilla (1926-1953), daughter of General Umberto Presti di Camarda by Teresa (d.1993), daughter of Filippo Nereo Vignola, of Mezzane and Verona.
The grandson of the British diplomat, Irish landowner and Catholic re-convert Sir John Francis Charles, 7th Count de Salis-Soglio, his earliest years were spent at 10 Priory Walk, Kensington, and 26 Roedean Crescent, Roehampton Gate, SW15. His father died when he was under two and his mother when he was five, his step-father when he was 10 and one of his two paternal uncles when he was four. His paternal grandparents had also died, in 1902 and 1939, so he was subsequently brought-up, inter-alia, by Franco-Belgian cousins in France (the widow and family of the 3rd Duc de Magenta at Sully, in particular), his remaining paternal uncle in Wiltshire, and his Veronese maternal grandmother, Teresa Vignola Presti.
He was educated at Downside School, read law at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge (LLB (1972) and LLM), and was called to the Bar, Gray's Inn (1970). Later he was a tenant and then door-tenant, at 1 Brick Court, Middle Temple, EC4, and from 1972 lived at 12 First Street, SW3 and then from 1975 in two houses knocked together at 28 Upper Cheyne Row, Chelsea, SW3. Whilst in London he was also a member of the board of management of the Hospital of St John and St Elizabeth.
Alongside learning and practicing the law he served in the Cambridge University Officer Training Corps (CUOTC), the HAC (within the Territorial and Army Volunteer Reserve), then in 1972, after meeting its then Colonel, Viscount Monckton, one of whose sisters-in-law happened to be married to one of John's first cousins, transferred to the 9th/12th Royal Lancers (Prince of Wales's). He was with them in Northern Ireland and retired a (Brevet) Major in 1988, having circa 1984 been awarded the Territorial Decoration.
The combination of law of war, humanitarian instincts, soldiering and some family precedent (his father had been the Knight of Justice of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem delegate for the revision of the Geneva Convention in July 1929) lead De Salis to become the delegate of International Committee of the Red Cross Missions in the Middle East (Beirut, 1982) and Africa (Rhodesia), and head of delegation in Iraq (1980–81) and Thailand (1981-84, Cambodian refugees), and their special envoy in Lebanon (1982). In July 1983 de Salis wrote: "It is a heartbreaking fact that ICRC being essentially concerned with the victims of armed conflicts, is more directly concerned operationally with the relief of suffering rather than its abolition."
On leaving England and moving to Switzerland he became a special officer in the Swiss Army's Panzergrenadiers, and set about a new career as a financier: as partner of Gautier Salis et Cie Geneva (1989–96), vice-chairman of Bank Lips Zurich (1996–98), managing director of European Capital Partners (Switzerland) SA (1999-), and as director of Amadeus SA Geneva (2000-).
In the meantime he had taken over his grandmother's 160 acre farm in the Valle di Buri, Mezzane di Sotto, and developed it from dairy to vineyard. By 2010 Conti de Salis-Soglio Wines Verona had taken shape, partly inspired by his courageous and visionary Valtelline cousin Conte Cesare Sertoli Salis of Tirano and Milan (1952-2005) and his Canua Sforzato, akin to Valpolicella's Amarone. John's eighteenth century ancestors, 3rd Count Peter in particular, had also been growers of hemp and vines in eighteenth century Valtelline.
In addition to the above Count de Salis was a member of the British Association of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta; had the gold medal with Swords (Beirut) 1982; was a Knight of Justice of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George; a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the White Elephant (Thailand); and an hereditary Knight of the Golden Spur (Eques Auratus) (1571).
He was next male representative of Charles, second and last Viscount Fane and Baron of Loughuyre (aka Lough Gur), and of Vice-Admiral Francis William Drake, of Hillingdon, sometime governor of Newfoundland (1752-4), younger brother of the last Drake baronet of Buckland Abbey, and thus heir-general of Admiral Sir Francis Drake himself. His only listed recreation was melancholia.
Clubs
He was a member of the Cavalry and Guards Club, the Beefsteak Club, Cercle de la Terasse (Geneva), the Royal Bangkok Sports Club, and the Chelsea Arts Club.
Family
He was firstly married to Samaritana Contessina di Serego della Scala (born 1950 in Verona, Italy), daughter of Dr. Cortesia Conte di Serego, on 20 January 1973. Months later their marriage was annulled and then dissolved in 1985. They had no children.
He then married (Vers l'Eglise, Vaud 1986) Marie-Claude (born in 1956 in Geneva, Switzerland), third daughter of Swiss Army Colonel René-Henri Wüst and Marie-Thérèse Bussard. The couple had three children:
John-Maximilian Henry Fane de Salis, 10th Count de Salis-Soglio (b. 1986)
Lara Anastasia Fane de Salis (b. 1995)
Camille Charlotte Fane de Salis (b. 1995)
References
Sources
Burke's Peerage, Foreign Noblemen / Foreign Titles sections: 1851, 1936, 1956, etc.;
Debrett's Peerage, Foreign Titles section, 1920, 1925, etc.;
Der Grafliche Hauser, Band XI [volume 11], Genealogisches Handbuch Des Adels, C. A. Starke Verlag, Limburg an der Lahn, 1983 (pps 331–356);
Burke's Irish Family Records, ed. Hugh Montgomery-Massingberd, Burke's Peerage Ltd, London, 1976;
1947 births
2014 deaths
20th-century Irish landowners
21st-century Irish landowners
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge
English viticulturists
People educated at Downside School
Knights of Malta
British diplomats
Swiss diplomats
British people of Swiss descent
John Bernard Philip Humbert
Swiss nobility
Swiss people of British descent
Swiss people of Italian descent
Italian people of Swiss descent
Swiss-Italian people
British people of Italian descent
Businesspeople from Verona
Red Cross personnel
Swiss humanitarians
Swiss Roman Catholics
British Roman Catholics
English Roman Catholics
People from Chelsea, London
Members of Gray's Inn
9th/12th Royal Lancers officers
People of Anglo-Irish descent
British people of Belgian descent
People from Richmond, London
People from the canton of Vaud
John de Salis, 9th Count de Salis-Soglio
Counts de Salis-Soglio and Comtes de Salis-Seewis
John Bernard
Honkala Island is a rocky island, long, at the southeast side of Burnett Island, in the Swain Islands of Antarctica. It was first mapped from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and observed by Wilkes Station personnel who conducted a 1957 survey of the Swain Islands under Carl R. Eklund. It was named by Eklund for Rudolf A. Honkala, chief meteorologist with the United States International Geophysical Year wintering party of 1957 at Wilkes Station.
See also
Green Rocks
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
References
Islands of Wilkes Land
RGIT may refer to":
Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Technology (disambiguation)
Robert Gordon's Institute of Technology, the former name of The Robert Gordon University,
Representative of German Industry and Trade
Sant'Arcangelo is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Acacia ascendens is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves that is endemic to a small area in south western Australia.
Description
The erect shrub typically grows to a height of . The glabrous shrub has resinous and slightly viscid new growth. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The evergreen phyllodes are inclined to erect and incurved to more or less straight with a length of and a width of with four impressed brownish nerves. It blooms from June to September and produces yellow flowers. The inflorescences occur singly or in pairs on terminal or axillary racemes with spherical flower-heads containing 20 to 25 densely packed golden flowers. Following flowering resinous seed pods form that have a narrowly oblong shape with a length that is up to and a width of around and contain longitudinally arranged seeds with an oblong-elliptic shape.
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by the botanist Bruce Maslin in 1990 as part of the work Acacia Miscellany. Three new Western Australian species with affinities to A. wilhelmiana (Leguminosae: Mimosoideae: Section Plurinerves) from Western Australia as published in the journal Nuytsia. It was reclassified as Racosperma ascendens by Leslie Pedley in 2003 and then transferred back to genus Acacia in 2014.
The shrub is closely related to Acacia abrupta and belongs to the Acacia wilhelmiana group.
Distribution
It is native to a small area in the Wheatbelt and Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia where it is often situated on scree slopes of breakaways composed of granite. The range of the plant exists within the Chiddarcooping Nature Reserve, located approximately north east of Merredin as a part of low scrub or open woodland communities.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
ascendens
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 1990
Taxa named by Bruce Maslin
Ming Dao (; born 26 February 1980) is a Taiwanese actor, singer and model. He is known for starring in The Prince Who Turns into a Frog, which held the highest single episode average rating of 6.99 for a Taiwanese drama from 2005 to 2008, and for being the winner of Best Host in Educational Programme at the 39th Golden Bell Awards.
Career
Ming Dao was first discovered in 1999 when he took part in television variety show Guess hosted by Jacky Wu on China Television. He went on to model for various advertisements and appeared in several music videos including Fei Xiang's "She" and R&B's "Love Bubble". Ming Dao also participated in Taiwanese program Super Sunday in 2000 and worked as a spokesperson for Shiatzy Chen.
Ming Dao hosted King of Adventure (冒險王) on SETTV from 2002, visiting India, Korea, Egypt, Germany, Namibia, New Zealand, Laos, Guam, Fiji, Alaska, Mexico, Oman, and Indonesia as an adventure tour guide. In 2004, Ming Dao won the Best Host in Educational Programme at the 39th Golden Bell Awards.
In 2004, he made his acting debut Heaven's Wedding Gown (天國的嫁衣) as a bike-racing champion, Chen Hai Nuo, co-starring Cyndi Wang and Leon Jay Williams. A year later, he starred in The Prince Who Turns into a Frog as Shan Jun Hao and Dang Ou. This drama is the only one in which all five members of 183 Clubs appeared. Episode seven broadcast on 17 July 2005 achieved an average rating of 6.99 and peaked at 8.05, which broke the previous average record of 6.43 held by Meteor Garden and was the highest peak for a single episode for a Taiwanese drama until it was broken by episode 13 of Fated to Love You which peaked at 8.13 in 2008.
In his next drama, The Magicians of Love (愛情魔髮師), he co-starred with his band mates Sam Wang, Jacky Zhu, and Ehlo Huang from 183 Clubs. Then in 2006, he starred in The Legend of Star Apple and Angel Lover. Followed by Ying Ye 3 Jia 1, in 2007 in which he plays Ah Jiang, opposite former co-star Joe Chen from The Prince Who Turns into a Frog. Other cast members include Jason Hsu of 5566, who plays his friend Bulu (Wang Dao Ren). Also released in 2007 was Modern Youth (梦幻天堂).
In 2008 he finished filming Knock Knock Loving You and Always Smile! in Hunan, China. In December Ming Dao and Chen Qiao En filmed Staying by You, Staying in the Sunshine/Taking of You, accompanied by the Lights, released in 2009.
After his mainland drama was a success, he went back to the mainland and started shooting Wuxia drama as General Wu Gang. Because of the popularity of Ming Dao on the mainland, a huge mainland station (Anhui TV) contracted him as their star. He was paid a fantastic sum to participate in the idol drama Happy and Love Forever with another actress and model Annie Chan. This drama was a huge success and had high ratings. The producer made a sequel but Ming Dao and Annie only had cameo roles.
In 2010, Ming Dao returned to Taiwan and starred with Cheryl Yang in Zhong Wu Yan.
Although he was paid a lot less, he decided to do this drama because he did not want his Taiwanese fans to be disappointed.
Ming Dao left his agency J Star and along with Miss Li his manager, they established a new agency MID. Other artists who signed on under his agency were Gino and Anthony. He released a pictorial book "STAR" which was a big hit.
Filmography
Film
Television
Discography
References
External links
MID Entertainment (明道工作室) Weibo
Ming Dao Weibo
1980 births
Living people
183 Club members
21st-century Taiwanese male actors
21st-century Taiwanese male singers
Taiwanese male television actors
Taiwanese male models
Taiwanese television producers
Participants in Chinese reality television series
Male actors from Taipei
Musicians from Taipei
The División de Honor Femenina 2015–16, or Liga Loterías 2015-16 after sponsorship of Loterías y Apuestas del Estado, is the 59th season of women's handball top flight in Spain since its establishment. Bera Bera, retained the Championship title for a fourth successive season. The season began on 5 September, 2015 and the last matchday was played on 28 May, 2016. A total of 14 teams took part the league, 12 of which had already contested in the 2014–15 season, and two of which were promoted from the División de Plata 2014–15.
Bera Bera won its fourth title in a row. It won the championship with the same points as the 2nd team in the standings, Rocasa G.C. ACE. Further, regarding European competitions for 2015–16 season; Bera Bera qualified to EHF Champions League, and Rocasa ACE G.C, Prosetecnisa Zuazo, Mecalia Atlético Guardés and Helvetia Alcobendas qualified to EHF Challenge Cup.
Promotion and relegation
Teams promoted from 2014–15 División de Plata
Jofemesa Oviedo
Aiala Zarautz
Teams relegated to 2016–17 División de Plata
Jofemesa Oviedo
Aiala Zarautz
Teams
Final standings
See also
Liga ASOBAL 2015–16
References
External links
Royal Spanish Handball Federation
División de Honor Femenina de Balonmano seasons
Division de Honor
2015–16 domestic handball leagues
2015 in women's handball
2016 in women's handball
Alan McLean is a Canadian retired ice hockey Center who was an All-American for North Dakota and was the Most Outstanding Player of the 1963 NCAA Tournament.
Career
McLean made a name for himself as a junior player for the Melville Millionaires. He was recruited to North Dakota in 1960 and began playing with the varsity club the following season. McLean led a fairly weak Fighting Sioux squad in goals (19), assists (19) and points (38) but the team finished 5th in the WCHA and was left out of the conference tournament. The following year the team coalesced around a core of upperclassmen with McLean again leading the team in scoring. This time UND tied Denver for the regular season WCHA title and McLean was on both All-WCHA First Team and an All-American. The fighting Sioux swept aside defending national champion Michigan Tech in the semifinal and, though they fell to the Pioneers in the final, UND had already earned a bid to the 1963 NCAA Tournament.
North Dakota dominated Boston College in the semifinal, winning 8–2 and found themselves facing Denver once more for the national championship. UND got off to a blistering start, scoring 5 goals in the first period and led 5-2 after 20 minutes. McLean scored his second goal of the game 5 minutes into the second and then the team held on for dear life as Denver attempted to erase the Sighting Sioux's advantage. The Pioneers scored three timed before the end of the match but they couldn't get the equalizer and McLean's tally held up as the game-winner. McLean was named as the Tournament Most Outstanding Player.
McLean left UND after the season to play for the Canadian National Team but was not selected for the Olympic roster. He finished out his college career playing closer to home with the UBC Thunderbirds and later briefly appeared for the Vancouver Canucks before retiring. He was inducted into the North Dakota Letterwinners Hall of Fame in 1997.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from British Columbia
Sportspeople from New Westminster
Melville Millionaires players
North Dakota Fighting Hawks men's ice hockey players
UBC Thunderbirds players
Vancouver Canucks (WHL) players
NCAA men's ice hockey national champions
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Parakkai Lake is a lake in Kanniyakumari district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. It is located near the southern tip of India, just to the north of Parakkai village and west of the town of Suchindram.
References
External links
Flickr image
Lakes of Tamil Nadu
Kanyakumari district
Antonín Heveroch (19 January 1869 – 2 March 1927) was a Czech psychiatrist and neurologist. After working at the Psychiatric Clinic in Prague, he left it and established a second psychiatric hospital.
Early years
Heveroch was born in 1869 in Minice, a neighbourhood of Kralupy nad Vltavou. His father, František Heveroch (1843–1923), was a cantor and choir director. He attended elementary school in Vepřek and Zlonice, and grammar school in Slaný. He initially studied at Charles University Faculty of Law, however, in 1889, he switched to the Faculty of Medicine, graduating in 1894. He was a student of Karel Kuffner. In 1899, he was studying psychiatry and neurology.
Career
In 1906, he was appointed an associate professor at Charles University. In 1908, he established and led the Institute for Epileptics in Prague-Libeň (Valentinum).
Heveroch was the head of the psychiatric department of a garrison hospital in Prague; in 1915, he was privy to a secret resistance organization, but in August 1917, he was sent to the Russian front. At the beginning of the 20th century, doctors in the field of psychiatry and neurology wanted to form their own organization. The Purkyn Association for the Study of the Mind and Nervous System formed on October 18, 1919; its first chairman was Heveroch. In the same year, he became the director of the Prague Insane Asylum. He obtained full professorship in 1921. He was a member of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences and Arts, Academy of Labour and the State Medical Board. He was also Vice President of the Society of the National Theatre (he let the actors study examples of psychosis in his department for some of their roles). Heveroch was associated with the Psychiatric Clinic in Prague, but never became its leader; instead he left in 1904, and in 1924, established a second psychiatric hospital, which closed three years after he died.
He also studied psychology and psychiatry of everyday life and tirelessly popularized psychiatry among laymen. His name thus became famous enough to become popular as a synonym for a psychiatrist.; and so, people used to say, "we'll call Heveroch [a psychiatrist] on you", similarly as they later used the names of Mysliveček or Vondráček for the same purpose. "Pinel is said to be the one who removed the shackles from the mentally ill, Heveroch has [in Bohemia] opened the prison of psychiatry and let it get outside of the walls." In his medical research, he frequently applied the therapeutic principles of psychotherapy (psychagogic, persuasion), but he did not use hypnosis and harshly rejected Freud's psychoanalysis. However, he acknowledged the existence of the subconscious. From a philosophical point of view he was close to vitalism. He refused psychophysical parallelism. His direct pupils were Vladimír Vondráček (1895–1978) and Otakar Janota (1898–1969). He himself was a pupil of Josef Thomayer (1853–1927). Vondráček described him as a respectable man, gentle, sober, with a focus on mathematics and philosophy, with a sense of humor, as an excellent speaker, trainer, organizer and debater. "He was extremely tidy. He was a man "adjusted to the vertical", which means that the pens on his desk were carefully and vertically sorted (...) He walked quickly, often with his hands folded on his back, with his head tilted to the side."
In more than 100 original works and articles, he devoted himself to various topics: aphasia and agnosia, the awareness of our own existence, the rhythm of life and its defects, the intuition, loss of awareness of our feelings, the self-reference and causality, the obsession, delusions, hallucinations, faint states, the soul of a crowd, "children pathologically lying", the restless children, and crime associated with school children, among other things. His book Diagnostika chorob duševních (Diagnosis of Mental Diseases, 1904) became the basic textbook of the Czechoslovak psychiatry, together with the book Psychiatrie (Psychiatry, 1897) by Kuffner (1858–1940). His essay O podivínech a lidech nápadných (On Freaks and Striking People, 1901) vividly depicts portraits of patients (from today's perspective) who had psychopathy or personality disorder. This book allegedly inspired Jaroslav Hašek when writing his Schweik, Heveroch's name is mentioned several times in the novel. His work is pioneering and many of his ideas are still valid today. For example, in the six-part series called O poruchách jáství (On the Disorders of the Self, 1910), he was the first in Bohemia to cover the phenomenon of depersonalization (although he didn't use this designation).
Personal life
He was married to Kamila Heverochová, but died childless on 2 March 1927 in Prague. He is buried at the Vinohrady Cemetery in Prague; his grave is decorated with his bust made by his friend, the sculptor Jaroslav Horejc (1886–1983).
References
1869 births
1927 deaths
People from Kralupy nad Vltavou
Czech neurologists
Czech psychiatrists
Charles University alumni
Charles University faculty
Caldwell Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 438.
History
Caldwell Township was established on June 5, 1883, created from former portions of current adjacent townships (as of 2018), and named in honor of a local family.
The township's boundaries changed between 1883 and 1897, per descriptions of boundaries in the 1884 Missouri State Library history of Callaway County and the subsequent official map of the county published in 1897.
Geography
Caldwell Township covers an area of and while containing no incorporated settlements, it has included the unincorporated community of "Dixie". It contains seven cemeteries: Bush, Caldwell, Cave, Foster, James, Knight and Mount Tabor; as well as the streams of Caldwell Branch, Prairie Fork and Prime Creek.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
"Secret Story of the Swan" () is a song recorded by South Korean girl group Iz*One. It is the lead single in their third extended play Oneiric Diary. It was released on June 15, 2020, by Off the Record and Swing Entertainment. It is the first release after their postponed title track "Fiesta".
Background and release
On March 9, 2020, Pledis Entertainment founder and chief executive officer Han Sung-soo announced he would step down from co-managing Iz*One after their first studio album, Bloom*Iz. On March 20, a day later, it was reported that Swing Entertainment would take part in managing the group. A source from the agency confirmed the reports and that Swing would co-manage the group. On May 19, Iz*One shared a notice via their FanCafe, that they would be releasing their fourth extended play (EP) on June 15. It announced the members were in the last stage of production and are releasing a higher quality performance. On June 1, Iz*One released an album trailer announcing the name for their album being Oneiric Diary (). On June 8, the track list for the album was released, revealing the title track to be "Secret Story of the Swan", along with seven other tracks, one being written by Hitomi, with Nako and Sakura writing the Japanese version of the song. On June 11, the teaser for the music video was released, with a second being released a day later. The music video ended up being delayed a day later, set to be released the same day as the album, but was released on June 16.
Composition
"Secret Story of the Swan" is an EDM track composed in G minor, a tempo of 103 bpm, and the common-time signature. The song is about becoming who you've dreamed of becoming deep in your heart. Iz*One portray themselves as the protagonists of a fairytale in the lyrics. As the song literally means "Fantasy Fairytale", it was written, arranged, and composed, by MosPick. The Japanese version of the song was also written by members Nako and Sakura along with MosPick.
Promotion
Iz*One made their comeback stage on M! Countdown along with other artists such as WJSN, Stray Kids, and N.Flying.
Commercial performance
On the South Korean Gaon Digital Chart, the song debuted at number six, becoming the group's second top ten hit in the country. The song also peaked at number 11 on the US World Digital Song Sales, becoming their highest-charting entry on the chart since "Violeta". On the K-pop Hot 100, the song arrived at number five, becoming their third top 10 entry.
Music video
Their music video, even as it was delayed a day, was released on June 16, 2020. In the video, Iz*One portray the protagonists of their own fairytale, matching the lyrical content. On June 23, a performance version was released as well.
Accolades
Music program wins
Iz*One took their first win for the song on June 23, on The Show against N.Flying's "Oh Really" and Weki Meki's "Oopsy". With a total of seven wins on different music programs, the song tied "Violeta" as their most awarded song.
Charts
See also
List of M Countdown Chart winners (2020)
References
Iz*One song
2020 singles
2020 songs
Korean-language songs
Agnes Smyth Baden-Powell (16 December 1858 – 2 June 1945) was the younger sister of Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell, and was most noted for her work in establishing the Girl Guide movement as a female counterpart to her older brother's Scouting Movement.
Early life
Agnes was the thirteenth of fourteen children of her father, the Reverend Baden Powell, who was the Savilian Professor of Geometry at the University of Oxford from 1827 to 1860. She was his third daughter, but the elder two had died before Agnes was born; she was her mother's only daughter.
Her mother, the third wife of Baden Powell (the previous two having died) was a gifted musician and artist, was Henrietta Grace Smyth, the elder daughter of Admiral William Henry Smyth and his wife Annarella.
Apart from Robert already mentioned above, among Agnes's brothers were Warington Baden-Powell, Sir George Baden-Powell, Frank Baden-Powell, and Baden Baden-Powell.
When Agnes was only two years of age, the Reverend Baden Powell died. To honour him after his death, Agnes's mother Henrietta added Baden to their surname and that branch of the family has since been known as Baden-Powell.
Baden's death left the family under the firm control of Henrietta, who was determined to instill in her children a desire to succeed. Agnes' brother, Robert, has been quoted as saying, "The whole secret of my getting on lay with my mother."
Agnes went on to become an accomplished musician, playing the organ, piano and violin. Her varied interests included natural history and astronomy, and she kept bees, birds and butterflies in her home.
In April 1901 Agnes became engaged to Sir William Bisset Berry, the Speaker of the South African Parliament, but they did not marry. Some years later she became very friendly with Guglielmo Marconi.
With her brother Baden Fletcher Smyth Baden-Powell Agnes made aeronautical balloons, working the silk for the envelope, and they made many flights together. Later she helped him with aeroplane-building. Agnes was an honorary companion of the Royal Aeronautical Society from 1938.
She was for some years president of the Westminster Division of the Red Cross, and worked for the League of Mercy and for Queen Mary's Needlework Guild.
Guide movement
Following the creation of the Boy Scout Association, Robert Baden-Powell organised a gathering of Scouts at the Crystal Palace in London in 1909. Amongst the many thousands of Boy Scouts gathered, there were several hundred girls present, registered as Scouts, and also a small group of girls, dressed in Scout uniforms, who had arrived late and gate-crashed the event without tickets - but they got the publicity.
Popular opinion at this time was against mixed activities for girls, and growing pressure persuaded Robert Baden-Powell to consider setting up a separate organisation for the Girl Scouts, and having been turned down by first aid societies, he approached his sister, Agnes, who reluctantly agreed to take on the organising of the new sister group, Girl Guides. Agnes Baden-Powell's character was useful in counteracting negative opinions of the new Girl Guides. A friend wrote of her:
Anyone who had come into touch with her gentle influence, her interest in all womanly arts, and her love of birds, insects, and flowers, would scoff at the idea of her being the president of a sort of Amazon Cadet Corps.
In late 1909, Robert Baden-Powell published "Pamphlet A: Baden-Powell Girl Guides, a Suggestion for Character Training for Girls" and "Pamphlet B: Baden-Powell Girl Guides, a Suggestion for Character Training for Girls". These were precursors to the handbook.
In 1910 the Girl Guide Association was created, with Agnes as President. By April 1910 there were 6,000 young girls registered as Girl Guides. In 1912, Agnes brought about the formation of the 1st Lone Company and was the de facto president of The Girl Guide Association.
During this time, Agnes wrote the Guides' first handbook. This was The Handbook for the Girl Guides or How Girls Can Help to Build Up the Empire, and published in 1912, it was a reworking of the Scouting for Boys book written by Robert several years earlier but with chapters added by Agnes on a number of subjects. The Girl Guide movement was given official recognition in 1915. In early 1916 Agnes's young sister-in-law Olave Baden-Powell was appointed Sussex County Commissioner, and in September 1916 the new County Commissioners voted Olave into the new post of Chief Guide, putting her in charge of Guiding. Agnes was offered the honorary post of President which she reluctantly accepted.
In 1917, following pressure, Agnes resigned from the presidency in favour of Princess Mary, who was also a keen supporter of the Girl Guides, and Agnes became Vice-President.
Agnes continued as Vice-President until her death on 2 June 1945 in North East Surrey. She was buried in the family grave in Kensal Green Cemetery in London, though her name was not listed on the monument.
References
External links
Chief Guides
Girlguiding officials
Scouting pioneers
British beekeepers
1858 births
1945 deaths
Agnes
Women beekeepers
The Diocese of Lentini (Latin: Dioecesis Leontina) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Lentini in the Province of Syracuse in the southeast of Sicily. Erected in 259, it was suppressed in 790. It was restored as a Titular Episcopal See in 1968.
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
Lentini
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Bodies... The Exhibition is an exhibition showcasing human bodies that have been preserved through a process called plastination and dissected to display bodily systems. It opened in Tampa, Florida on August 20, 2005. It is similar to, though not affiliated with, the exhibition Body Worlds (which opened in 1995). The exhibit displays internal organs and organic systems, bodies staged in active poses, and fetuses in various stages of development.
The show is operated by Premier Exhibitions which presents and promotes similar exhibits including "Bodies Revealed", and "Our Body: The Universe Within", and other entertainment exhibits. The Exhibition showcases 13 whole-body specimens and more than 260 organs and partial body specimens. These real human bodies have been meticulously dissected, preserved through an innovative process.
Concerns have been raised by human rights advocates that the bodies are those of executed Chinese prisoners, and that the families of the victims have not consented. The exhibition has claimed that the presumed origin of the bodies and fetuses "relies solely on the representations of its Chinese partners" and that they "cannot independently verify" that the bodies do not belong to executed prisoners. Catholics also had high levels of concern about allowing children to view displays containing human remains.
Exhibit organization
The exhibit is set up so that one starts at the skeletal system, and more layers (muscular, nervous, circulatory, digestive, respiratory, urinary, and reproductive systems; as well as fetal development and the treated body) are added in successive rooms. Containing about twenty bodies in total, each exhibition uses real human bodies that have been preserved permanently by a process called "polymer preservation" (commonly referred to as "plastination") so that they will not decay. This exhibition is organized by the publicly traded corporation, Premier Exhibitions Incorporated, which also staged Bodies Revealed first in Seoul, South Korea and more recently in the US. The company received the cadavers for research from the Chinese government, who donated them because all the bodies, at the time of death, had no close next of kin or immediate families and remained unclaimed. The dissections took place at the Dalian University in Liaoning, China and the resulting specimens were leased to Premier Exhibitions for the five-year duration of the show.
Some of the specimens are arranged so that they are performing activities such as playing poker or conducting an orchestra. Along the way are other displays showing a human intestine stretched out, the polluted lung of an adult smoker, and all of the arteries and veins without the body itself. The exhibit of the polluted lung of the smoker also includes a clear standing box in which guests can discard their cigarettes and tobacco products after viewing the display. In the Las Vegas exhibit, there was also a polluted lung of a fetus on display. One section includes several fetuses in various stages of development. All of the fetuses died due to miscarriages, and the disorders which caused each are highlighted on most of the displays. Guests are notified by a small sign at the exhibit of the sensitivity of the fetus gallery just before entrance into the area, and given the option to skip that room if so desired.
Preservation of the bodies and organs
The bodies are prevented from decay by means of plastination, a rubberization process patented in the 1970s by anatomist Gunther von Hagens. The essence of the process is the replacement of water and fatty material in the cells of the body first by acetone and then by plastics, such as silicone rubber, polyester or epoxy resin.
Ethical concerns
Concerns have been raised about the provenance of the bodies and the ethics of viewing human remains (particularly by Catholics), for children. In an editorial, Lutheran Reverend Christoph Reiners questioned the effect on the values of children. Prior to the 2005 U.S. premiere, the Florida Attorney General expressed the opinion that the State Anatomical Board's approval should be required. The Board fought the Tampa exhibit, with its director expressing the opinion that the exhibit should be shut down. Premier Exhibitions officials disagreed, claiming that the Board had jurisdiction only over medical schools and not museums; the exhibit opened two days ahead of schedule at the Tampa Museum of Science and Industry.
From 2006, The New York Times and the 20/20 television program have published reports on a "black market" in Chinese cadavers and organs, sparking a Congressional inquiry, an investigation by former NY Governor Andrew Cuomo, and the resignation of Premier's CEO Arnie Geller. As the result of the Cuomo investigation and subsequent settlement in 2008, the front page of the exhibition website displays a disclaimer about the presumed origin of the bodies and fetuses, saying that it "relies solely on the representations of its Chinese partners" and "cannot independently verify" that the bodies do not belong to executed prisoners. Both the human rights activist Harry Wu and the director of the Human Rights in China advocacy group have objected to the exhibit on these grounds.
A science education coordinator for the Carnegie Museum of Science resigned her position over the exhibit, citing her religious beliefs, questions about provenance, and a general repugnance for putting "human remains" on exhibit. Professor Anita Allen, a University of Pennsylvania bioethicist, argued spending money to "gawk" at human remains should raise serious concerns. Thomas Hibbs, Baylor University ethicist, compares cadaver displays to pornography in that they reduce the subject to "the manipulation of body parts stripped of any larger human significance." Even if consent were to be obtained, Rabbi Danny Schiff maintains that we should still question what providing "bodies arranged in showcases for a hungry public" says about a society.
In 2017 in the Czech Republic, during the time of the exhibition Body The Exhibition taking place in Prague at the Exhibition Grounds in Holesovice, four doctors and four non-profit organizations issued a statement about the ethical and human rights concerns. The statement called upon the organizers to present a consent of the donors of the displayed bodies, if such a document exists. It also expressed concerns about the possibility that the bodies may come from prisoners of conscience in China. The local police in Prague rejected a suggested ban of the exhibition and a burial of the bodies as proposed by Prague 7 district mayor Jan Cizinsky, who also appealed at the Chinese Embassy, asking to bury the bodies.
See also
Embalming
Mummification
References
External links
Official website
Anatomical preservation
Traveling exhibits
Science exhibitions
Guthrie County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,623. The county seat is Guthrie Center. The county was formed on January 15, 1851, and named after Captain Edwin B. Guthrie, who died in the Mexican–American War.
Guthrie County is one of the six counties that make up the Des Moines–West Des Moines, IA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Example of native vegetation: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Whiterock_Conservancy_Neighborhood_New_Wiki_Version.JPG
Major highways
Iowa Highway 4
Iowa Highway 25
Iowa Highway 44
Iowa Highway 141
Adjacent counties
Greene County (north)
Dallas County (east)
Adair County (south)
Audubon County (west)
Carroll County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 10,623 in the county, with a population density of . 96.86% of the population reported being of one race. 91.86% were non-Hispanic White, 0.34% were Black, 2.58% were Hispanic, 0.22% were Native American, 0.36% were Asian, 0.15% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.50% were some other race or more than one race. There were 5,773 housing units, of which 4,529 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 10,954 in the county, with a population density of . There were 5,756 housing units, of which 4,544 were occupied.
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 11,353 people, 4,641 households, and 3,248 families in the county. The population density was 19 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 5,467 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.61% White, 0.12% Black or African American, 0.05% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.42% from other races, and 0.61% from two or more races. 1.06%. were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 4,641 households 27.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.00% were married couples living together, 6.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.00% were non-families. 26.10% of households were one person and 14.10% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.86.
The age distribution was 23.60% under the age of 18, 6.30% from 18 to 24, 24.80% from 25 to 44, 24.90% from 45 to 64, and 20.50% 65 or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.30 males.
The median household income was $36,495 and the median family income was $43,601. Males had a median income of $31,018 versus $22,077 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,726. About 5.80% of families and 8.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.90% of those under age 18 and 8.10% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Adair
Bagley
Bayard
Casey
Coon Rapids
Guthrie Center
Jamaica
Menlo
Panora
Stuart
Yale
Townships
Baker Township
Bear Grove Township
Beaver Township
Cass Township
Dodge Township
Grant Township
Highland Township
Jackson Township
Orange Township
Penn Township
Richland Township
Seely Township
Stuart Township
Thompson Township
Union Township
Valley Township
Victory Township
Unincorporated Communities
Dale City
Diamondhead Lake
Glendon
Herndon
Monteith
Morrisburg
Census-designated places
Lake Panorama
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Guthrie County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Guthrie County, Iowa
Raccoon River Valley Trail
Springbrook State Park
References
External links
County website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Des Moines metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1851
Ooma Kuyil is a 1983 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by Balu Mahendra and produced by Joseph Abraham. The film stars Y. Gee. Mahendra, Aruna and Poornima Jayaram. The film has a musical score by Ilaiyaraaja. The film is a remake of the director's own debut film Kokila, made in Kannada.
Premise
Oomakkuyil is the story a bank executive and his affair with the daughter of his house owner. As their relationship goes smoothly a dark day happens in the life of the bank executive and his housemaid, which turns everyone's dream upside down.
Cast
Y. G. Mahendran
Poornima Jayaram
Aruna
Adoor Bhasi
Jagathy Sreekumar
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja with lyrics by Madhu Alappuzha and O. N. V. Kurup.
References
External links
1983 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Balu Mahendra
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Malayalam remakes of Kannada films
The Battle of Sarrin (March–April 2015) refers to a military operation during 2015 in the northeastern Aleppo Governorate, during the Syrian Civil War, conducted by Kurdish YPG and allied forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in the town of Sarrin, in an effort to capture the town and the surrounding region.
Background
In early March 2014, ISIL surrounded the Kobanî Canton and launched an offensive on its southern villages, capturing the town of Sarrin.
On 2 July 2014, the city of Kobanî and its border villages came under attack from fighters of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). However, ISIL forces were largely repelled from the remainder of the Kobanî Canton.
On 13 September 2014, ISIL launched a massive offensive to take the Kobanî Canton and the city of Kobanî, with at least 4,000 fighters, During the advance, ISIL forces captured the villages of Robey and Tall Ghazal, and the nearby grain silos. pushing into the villages at the western and eastern borders of the Canton. On 17 September 2014, following the capture of a strategic bridge over the Euphrates on 16 September, In response to the growing crisis, the US-led Coalition began conducting airstrikes in and around Kobanî on 26 September, continuing for five days, until 2 October, during which the US performed no strikes on that day, before reportedly carried out further strikes late on 3 October.
By early October 2014, most of the Kobanî Canton had fallen under ISIL control, with the city of Kobanî itself besieged, causing at least 90% of the Kurdish inhabitants in the region to flee to Turkey. By mid-October 2014, at least 9,000 militants had been dispatched to capture Kobanî, and at least 400,000 Kurdish civilians had fled to Turkey. In late October 2014, Turkey allowed some Free Syrian Army and Peshmerga reinforcements to cross over into Kobanî, allowing the Kurdish defenders to counter the ISIL advance. By mid-November 2014, the YPG and other defenders had managed to make some reversals in Kobanî city.
On 19 January 2015, the YPG-led forces captured the strategic Mistanour Hill to the southeast of Kobanî city, allowing the Kurdish forces to turn the tide of the battle. During the next week, the YPG-led forces gradually advanced, before fully expelling ISIL from Kobanî city on 27 January 2015. ISIL admitted defeat in the city three days later, but vowed to return. At that time, ISIL redeployed much of its initial invasion force to other "more important fronts".
After retaking Kobanî city, the YPG and FSA launched an offensive to retake the rest of the Kobanî Canton. Consequently, ISIL dispatched reinforcements to the region, to prevent the Kurdish-led forces from reaching the ISIL-held territory in the northern Aleppo Governorate, and to prevent them from reaching the ISIL capital of Raqqa.
On 10 February 2015, the YPG built on their recent gains and launched an assault on Sarrin from the northwest. Despite being stalled for nearly 2 weeks, the Kurdish forces nearly reached the western outskirts of the town of Sarrin in late February 2015. However, on 27 February, an ISIL counter-attack drove the YPG away from Sarrin, back to Qara Qozak, just beyond the M5 Highway. Despite this setback, YPG-led forces slowly continued advancing in other parts of the canton, capturing Qara Qozak on 15 March, recapturing most of the territory lost to ISIL during their September 2014 offensive, with the exception of three villages in the southern part of the Canton near Jill, and a few dozen villages captured by ISIL in the eastern Kobanî Canton and the northwestern Raqqa Governorate.
The assault
Initial advance and ISIL counterattack
Between 17 and 19 March, the YPG seized a hill overlooking Sarrin, the last remaining ISIL stronghold in the southern part of the Kobanî Canton. ISIL gathered reinforcements and massed its forces near Sarrin, to prevent Kurdish and allied forces from reaching the town, while the US-led Coalition conducted numerous airstrikes in the area. The clashes on 18 March resulted in the deaths of at least 27 ISIL militants.
On 20 March, the YPG and the allied Euphrates Volcano, backed by Coalition air support, launched an assault towards Sarrin, which led to hit-and-run fighting until 28 March.
On 21 March, YPG and FSA forces completely besieged the Sarrin Grain Silo. A total of 71 ISIL militants and 1 FSA fighter were killed during the clashes and Coalition strikes. On the night between 22 and 23 March, ISIL dispatched reinforcements to Sarrin, across the Tishrin Dam, which the Coalition did not target, due to the risks that destroying the dam would pose to those living downstream.
On 25 March, ISIL forces attacked the village of Qara Qozak by boat, but the attack was repelled by the YPG and airstrikes struck the gathered ISIL forces on the other side of the river. The clashes left at least 71 ISIL militants and 4 YPG fighters dead. Two days later, fighting in the southern villages of Sebti and Khani left three ISIL militants dead.
On 28 March, ISIL launched a counter-attack and managed to break through the Kurd's M4 highway defensive line and reach ISIL fighters at the Grain Silos, and at the Lafarge Cement Plant, near the southeastern boundary of the Kobanî Canton, where the militants had been besieged for almost two weeks. On the next day, YPG fighters began shelling ISIL positions in Sarrin.
In early April, ISIL continued forcing Kurdish forces back from the outskirts of Sarrin, to the north and the northwest towards Qara Qozak. Still, the YPG continued to hold the higher ground in the area. Eventually, the ISIL advance cut the M4 highway between Dar Al-Kharab and Mitras and allowed the jihadists to reinforce their positions at the Sarrin Grain Silos. By 9 April, ISIL forces, after receiving more reinforcements, broke across the M4 highway near Mitras and the Grain Silos, and at Nur Ali and Hamdoun, to the east.
Besieging Sarrin
In mid-April, a YPG counter-offensive, aided by US-led Coalition airstrikes, allowed the YPG-led forces to advance towards Sarrin again. On 13 April 2015, the YPG massed reinforcements to take over the Sarrin Grain Silos, retaking the village of Manifa Avi in the process.
On 19 April, YPG forces captured the village of Ras al Ayn, allowing the Kurds to sever ISIL's supply line to Sarrin from the east, and effectively besieging the town from both the east and the west. The clashes resulted in the deaths of at least 10 ISIL militants. Also, YPG-led forces began attacking the last ISIL supply route to Sarrin, which lay south of the town. On 21 April, YPG and allied forces had retaken the territory lost to ISIL up to the M4 Highway, capturing the Sarrin Grain Silos, Septe, and the other neighboring villages, allowing YPG forces to resume their southward advance towards Sarrin. However, on the next day, it was reported that the Sarrin Grain Silos was still held by around 50 ISIL militants, but that a “near total” siege had been imposed on them.
Push into Sarrin and offensive stalls
On 25 April, Kurdish forces and their allies surrounded the town on three sides and started to push into the northern, western, and eastern suburbs, after breaching ISIL's defense line. The YPG claimed that ISIL forces had retreated into the urban areas of the town. According to at least one source, YPG and FSA forces managed to enter the northern part of Sarrin. As of 27 April, ISIL forces in Sarrin continued receiving more reinforcements from the south, which caused the YPG-led offensive in Sarrin to stall at that point. Meanwhile, recurring ISIL attacks to the north on the village of Mitras, which started early on 22 April, were repelled, while up to 50 ISIL fighters were still holding out at the Grain Silos.
Aftermath
Early on 29 April 2015, the last 124 Peshmerga fighters stationed in Kobanî returned to Iraqi Kurdistan, as the city had been secured. Iraqi Kurdistan also stated that no more troops would be sent to Kobanî.
On 9 May 2015, it was reported by local sources that ISIL commander Abu Omar al-Shishani was personally leading the ISIL ground forces in Sarrin. By 11 May, after several more days of repeated breakout attempts from Khirbat al-Burj and the Sarrin Grain Silos, it was reported that the number of remaining ISIL militants in those two YPG-besieged pockets had dwindled significantly.
In mid-May 2015, it was revealed that the YPG sieges of the Sarrin Grain Silos and Khirbat al-Burj were not completely secure, as ISIL was infiltrating fighters and supplies from Sarrin to the two besieged pockets.
On 25 May, ISIL launched an assault to the north of Sarrin, breaking through Kurdish lines, capturing the villages of Mitras and Jabiriyah, and temporarily relieving the sieges of the Sarrin Grain Silos and Khirbat al-Burj. ISIL fighters also reduced Kurdish control of Sarrin to the western outskirts of the town. By 31 May, clashes erupted in the area that ISIL had recently captured, as YPG-led fighters attempted to retake the area.
On 5 June, YPG-led fighters recaptured the village of Jabiriyah, to the east of Mitras, while clashes continued in the area stretching from Sarrin to the Sarrin Grain Silos. ISIL also retook the western part of the Sarrin, while YPG-led fighters pushed towards the eastern outskirts of the town.
On 18 June 2015, it was reported that the FSA and YPG had launched a new offensive on the town of Sarrin. The goal of taking Sarrin became more crucial after the Kobanî massacre at the end of June. On 1 July, YPG-led forces had re-established the sieges of the Sarrin Grain Silos and Khirbat al-Burj, and fully besieged Sarrin itself by 4 July.
See also
Sinjar massacre
Northern Iraq offensive (August 2014)
December 2014 Sinjar offensive
November 2015 Sinjar offensive
Siege of Kobanî
Eastern al-Hasakah offensive
Salahuddin campaign
Second Battle of Tikrit (March–April 2015)
Anbar offensive (2015)
Qalamoun offensive (May–June 2015)
Palmyra offensive (May 2015)
Al-Hasakah offensive (May 2015)
Tell Abyad offensive (2015)
Battle of Al-Hasakah (June–August 2015)
2015 Ramadan attacks
Kobanî massacre
Military intervention against ISIL
American-led intervention in Syria
List of wars and battles involving ISIL
Timeline of ISIL related events
References
External links
Operation Inherent Resolve airstrike updates
ISIL frontline maps (Syria)
Sarrin
Sarrin
Sarrin
Sarrin
Sarrin
Sarrin
Aleppo Governorate in the Syrian civil war
March 2015 events in Syria
April 2015 events in Syria
Sarrin
In theoretical physics, a local reference frame (local frame) refers to a coordinate system or frame of reference that is only expected to function over a small region or a restricted region of space or spacetime.
The term is most often used in the context of the application of local inertial frames to small regions of a gravitational field. Although gravitational tidal forces will cause the background geometry to become noticeably non-Euclidean over larger regions, if we restrict ourselves to a sufficiently small region containing a cluster of objects falling together in an effectively uniform gravitational field, their physics can be described as the physics of that cluster in a space free from explicit background gravitational effects.
Equivalence principle
When constructing his general theory of relativity, Einstein made the following observation: a freely falling object in a gravitational field will not be able to detect the existence of the field by making local measurements ("a falling man feels no gravity"). Einstein was then able to complete his general theory by arguing that the physics of curved spacetime must reduce over small regions to the physics of simple inertial mechanics (in this case special relativity) for small freefalling regions.
Einstein referred to this as "the happiest idea of my life".
Laboratory frame
In physics, the laboratory frame of reference, or lab frame for short, is a frame of reference centered on the laboratory in which the experiment (either real or thought experiment) is done. This is the reference frame in which the laboratory is at rest. Also, this is usually the frame of reference in which measurements are made, since they are presumed (unless stated otherwise) to be made by laboratory instruments. An example of instruments in a lab frame, would be the particle detectors at the detection facility of a particle accelerator.
See also
Breit frame
Center-of-mass frame
Frame bundle
Inertial frame of reference
Local coordinates
Local spacetime structure
Lorentz covariance
Minkowski space
Normal coordinates
Frames of reference
Jamie Swift is a Canadian journalist, author, and activist. His body of work has focused largely on issues of social justice, economy, environment, globalization, and politics.
Swift was born in Montreal, Quebec where, in 1968, he pursued a degree in African Studies at McGill University. Upon moving to Toronto in the mid-seventies, Swift became involved in the social activist community and subsequently began his writing career. In 1977, he published his first book, The Big Nickel: Inco at home and abroad, which examined the effect of nickel production in third world countries.
Over the course of his career, Swift has been published in numerous journals and newspapers, including The Globe and Mail, The Montreal Gazette, The Kingston Whig Standard, and Briarpatch. Throughout the 1990s, he was a regular contributor on CBC's radio series Ideas. Most recently, Swift has co-written a book with noted Canadian historian Ian McKay entitled Warrior Nation: Rebranding Canada in an Age of Anxiety, released in May 2012. He currently lectures at the Queen's School of Business in Kingston, Ontario.
Awards
In 1996, Swift was awarded the Michener-Deacon Fellowship for Public Service Journalism. He received the award from Governor General Roméo LeBlanc in a ceremony on May 6, 1996 at Rideau Hall in Ottawa. R
Selected works
The Big Nickel: Inco at Home and Abroad (1977)
Cut and Run: The Assault on Canada's Forests (1983)
Conflicts of Interest: Canada and the Third World (1991)
Wheel of Fortune: Work and Life in the Age of Falling Expectations (1995)
Civil Society in Question (1999)
Getting Started on Social Analysis in Canada, Fourth Edition (2003)
Walking the Union Walk: Stories from the Communications, Energy, and Paperworkers Union (2003)
Hydro: The Decline and Fall of Ontario's Electric Empire (2004)
Persistent Poverty: Voices from the Margins (2010)
Warrior Nation: Rebranding Canada in an Age of Anxiety (2012)
References
External links
Between the Lines Books: Our Story
The Michener Awards: Jamie Swift Report
Swift, Jamie."A shock to the system." The Globe and Mail. Jan. 25, 2002.
Anglophone Quebec people
Canadian radio journalists
Journalists from Montreal
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Canadian newspaper journalists
Bidesiya (Bhojpuri: ) or Baharā Bahār is a Bhojpuri play by Bhojpuri playwright Bhikhari Thakur. It is one of the several plays written by Bhikhari Thakur on women empowerment, migration and poverty. Owing to its popularity it becomes the folk theatre style of Bhojpuri region, some scholars has also claimed it to be as popular as Ramayana in those days.
The play depicts the condition of women in Bhojpuri Society in the 19th century, the problem of migration and poverty. The play was composed and staged in 1912 and published as a book in 1917.
Names
This play was published as Kaljug Bahar then it was published as Bahara Bahar, due to its character named Bidesiya it became famous with the name Bidesiya.
Characters
The play Bidesia has primarily five characters:-
Bidesiya :- The main character, who goes to earn in Calcutta and remarries there.
Pyari Sundari :- Bidesiya's wife
Batohiya :- A traveller.
Saloni:- Bidesiya's second wife
Devar :- Bidesiya's brother
Dost :- Bidesiya's friend
Other characters:- Two children, one villager
Labaar :- They are called Vidushak in Classical Indian theatre. They usually enter in the play in between and entertain the audience with their jokes.
Synopsys
The play starts with Mangalachran which means Prayer to god. After that the Sutradhar comes on the stage and introduces the audience with the Characters and story line of the play. After that the play starts
Story
The play starts with a conversation between Bidesiya or Bidesi and Pyari Sundari(His wife), where Bidesiya adduces his will to leaving the village and going to Calcutta for earning. His wife tries to stop him but he doesn't stop. After going to Calcutta He doesn't come for years and the Pyari Sundari waits for him to return.
One day a traveller (Batohiya) was going through the village, Pyari Sundari asks him to send her message to Bidesiya. When Batohiya reaches Calcutta he sees that Bidesiya has married to a woman named Saloni. Batohi tells him pyari's condition that how eagerly she has been waiting for him for years. Bidesiya realizes his mistake and decides to return home. Saloni asks him to not go, but he returns to home. He reaches home and knocks on the door, his wife is scared, she asks who are you in fear, he says that I am your husband, she opens the door in fear and becomes unconscious upon seeing her husband standing in front. Saloni also comes behind Bidesiya to his village and says what will she do without him. At last Pyari also accepts Saloni as her Sautan.
Message
Bidesiya has put the problem of poverty, migration and their impact in a very entertaining form.
Performances
Bidesiya is staged every year in Nandikar's National Theatre Festival.
Popularity
The play became very popular in North Indian States like Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand and West Bengal. Due to its popularity it became the folk theatre style of Bhojpuri region.
Adaptations and Cultural references
In various theatres
Hindi theatre also adopted the Bidesiya folk theatre style. Plays like Harikesh Muluk and Mati Gadi gained immense popularity using the Bidesiya theatre style.
Kannada play Rūpasēna is also based on Bidesiya, It reached to North Karnataka via Maharashtra. The skeleton of the story of the play is totally inspired by Bidesiya.
In films
The Bhojpuri film Bidesiya directed by S. N. Tripathi released in 1963 was adaption of the play.
Another movie of the same name starring Dinesh Lal Yadav Nirahua was too inspired from this play.
References
Indian plays
1912 plays
Easyfever by Australian rock and roll group the Easybeats was their fourth official extended play. It was issued to coincide with the band's departure for the United Kingdom. It appeared in August 1966 and reached number one on the Australian singles charts, something that had only been achieved once before by an EP. The songs on the EP did not appear on any of the Easybeats' official studio albums, however, they were included as bonus tracks on the 1992 CD reissue of their It's 2 Easy album.
Background
Easyfever was named for fan reactions at the Easybeats appearances, à la Beatlemania, which Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane described, "During the mid-1960s, amid scenes of screaming teenage girls and mass hysteria ('Easyfever'), The Easybeats managed to issue a legacy of fine beat pop." Easyfever was organised by the group's talent manager, Mike Vaughan in collaboration with "radio, TV and teen magazines." The hysteria escalated after "She's So Fine" (May 1965) reached number three on the national singles chart. To maintain their teen appeal, Vaughan had a tight grip on the group's image; he directed that "Snowy [Fleet]'s age was 'trimmed' by 5 years, Snowy and Harry [Vanda]'s marriages were concealed; visits to or from wives/girlfriends were strictly controlled, sometimes even forbidden." According to Duncan Kimball of Milesago website, "Fans followed them everywhere, routinely mobbing them at airports, hotels and venues. On several occasions the group had genuine reason to fear for their safety."
In early 1966, while the group were touring Australia, Vaughan flew to New York City to secure an American recording contract with United Artists Records. The group left for the United Kingdom on 10 July 1966. In August their label Albert Productions/Parlophone released the four-track extended play, Easyfever, which had been recorded before the group had left. It was produced by Ted Albert and reached number one on the Australian singles chart. Its most popular track, "I'll Make You Happy (Just Like Your Mama Wants)", was co-written by band members Stevie Wright and George Young, and reached number one on the local radio chart in Sydney and number seven in Melbourne.
Track listing
All songs written by Stevie Wright and George Young except as noted.
Charts
References
1966 EPs
Parlophone EPs
Bernie Knee (Feb. 14, 1924, New York City – Nov. 20, 1994, Fort Lauderdale) was an actor and singer/musician. While his birth name was Bernard Knee, most music industry magazines spelled his name Bernie Née, which was also how his name was spelled on most of the recordings he issued during the 1950s. Knee was born and raised in the Bronx, the son of Louis and Celia Knee. He was a 1948 graduate of New York University, and became interested in performing while serving in the Navy during World War II. A versatile musician, he played guitar, piano and bass in addition to being a vocalist. He performed at some of New York's biggest clubs, including the Copacabana, the Riverboat, and Michael's Pub. In addition, he became known as an accomplished demo singer who made more than 5,000 demo recordings for songwriters in many genres. His biggest top-40 hit was one where his name did not appear: he was in a studio group called the Five Blobs. This band was assembled in Los Angeles, California for the express purpose of recording "The Blob", the title song for the Steve McQueen film The Blob. Written by Burt Bacharach and Mack David (Hal David's brother), the tune featured a prominent saxophone part. The single was released on Columbia Records and became a hit, peaking at No. 33 on the Billboard Hot 100 in November 1958. It also hit the Top Ten on the regional LA charts. The single's B side consisted of a song entitled "Saturday Night in Tiajuana" [sic] credited to Bacharach.
Bernie Née was not listed on any of the promotional materials for the film or the record. To protest this oversight, Née bought advertisements in music industry trade publications, showcasing his name, whereupon he was terminated from Columbia. Née signed with Joy Records, where The Five Blobs released two 45s in 1959: "From the Top of Your Guggle (to the Bottom of Your Zooch)" backed with "Rockin' Pow Wow," and "Juliet" b/w "Young and Wild." He continued to record, make demos, and sing in New York area clubs into the mid-1960s. For example, he worked on "Sixteen Cubes of Sugar" (by Jack Keller and Howard Greenfield) and "That's What I Call True Love" (by Keller and Gerry Goffin), both with Carole King. In 1974, he released "Hang In There, Mr. President" with Frank Yankovic and his Orchestra on a 45pm Telemark single, written by Henry Tobias in support of Richard Nixon's fight to avoid impeachment. He also made appearances on the Ballroom Broadway cast album (1979), Frank Sinatra's Trilogy (1980) and Max Conrad's Let's Fly! Flight Inspired Music.
In 1979, he relocated to Florida, where he died of cancer in 1994, at age 70.
Notes
Sources
External links
1924 births
1994 deaths
American male actors
American male singers
United States Navy personnel of World War II
New York University alumni
The 2020 24H GT Series powered by Hankook was the sixth season of the 24H Series with drivers battling for championship points and titles and the eleventh season since Creventic, the organiser and promoter of the series, organised multiple races a year. The races were contested with GT3-spec cars, GT4-spec cars, sports cars and 24H-Specials, like silhouette cars.
Calendar
NOTE: The Austin round date was originally scheduled for 13-15 November, but after COVID-19 forced the postponement of the MotoGP round in Austin, that race was rescheduled to the date originally planned for 24H . Creventic and the circuit will announce a rescheduled date.
Entry List
Race results
Bold indicates overall winner.
Championship standings
Drivers' Overall Continents Series
Teams' Overall Continents Series
GT3-Pro Drivers' Continents Series
GT3-Pro Teams' Continents Series
GT3-AM Drivers' Continents Series
GT3-AM Drivers' Continents Series
GTX Drivers' Continents Series
GTX Teams' Continents Series
991 Drivers' Continents Series
991 Teams' Continents Series
GT4 Drivers' Continents Series
GT4 Teams' Continents Series
Cayman Drivers' Continents Series
Cayman Teams' Continents Series
Drivers' Overall Europe Series
Teams' Overall Europe Series
GT3-Pro Drivers' Europe Series
GT3-Pro Teams' Europe Series
GT3-AM Drivers' Europe Series
GT3-AM Teams' Europe Series
GTX Drivers' Europe Series
GTX Teams' Europe Series
991 Drivers' Europe Series
991 Teams' Europe Series
GT4 Drivers' Europe Series
GT4 Teams' Europe Series
Cayman Drivers' Europe Series
Cayman Teams' Europe Series
See also
24H Series
2020 Dubai 24 Hour
Notes
References
External links
24H GT
24H GT
Nicolaus Dinaricio (born in 1700 in Hvar) was a Croatian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Split-Makarska. He was appointed bishop in 1757. He died in 1764.
References
1700 births
1764 deaths
Croatian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops of Split
Jamie Christopher Shannon (born February 26, 1972) is a Canadian actor, voice actor, puppeteer, director, writer and producer, best known for his work in the Canadian television series Nanalan', as well as Ooh, Aah & You, and the Canadian-American television series Mr. Meaty.
Career
Having worked together since teenagers, Shannon and his partner Jason Hopley founded The Grogs puppet company troupe in 1994. Shannon had first developed the idea for The Grogs while traveling in Europe and seeing the prominent place puppets have in street theater. He and Hopley then developed the puppets for children's birthday parties.
Shannon performed three-year-old Mona in the television series, Nanalan'. He is also known as the performer of 16-year-old Josh in Mr. Meaty and as Swami Jeff in Swami Jeff's Temple of Wisdom.
Shannon is co-creator of Mr. Meaty, along with Jason Hopley. As puppeteers, Shannon and Hopley also created all of the 'Mr. Meaty' puppets, from inception through construction to the final puppet characters.
Shannon's and Hopley's monkey puppets named Ooh and Aah began in early April 2007 as the new hosts of Playhouse Disney.
In the Nicktoons official website, in the Mr. Meaty videos section, there is a "Nick Extra!" where Jamie and Jason show you how to make your very own Mr. Meaty puppet.
Filmography
As actor
Millennium (1989) as Young Bill Smith
Stella (1990) as Teenage Heckler
Hayseed (1997) as Gordie
Canadian Geographic Kids! (2003–2005) (TV series) as Jamie, host
Mr. Meaty (21 episodes, 2005–09) (TV series) as Josh Redgrove
Nanalan' (1998–2007) as Mona
Swami Jeff's Temple of Wisdom (2008) as Swami Jeff (voice)
As puppeteer
It's Alive! (1993–1997) (TV series)
TWIBA, RUBY Big and Small (22 episodes, 2008–2009) (TV series)
Hotbox (7 episodes, 2009) (TV series)
Higglety Pigglety Pop! or There Must Be More to Life (V) (2010)
Swami Jeff (1993–1997) (TV series)
Mr. Meaty (21 episodes, 2005–09) (TV series)
As director
Nanalan' (2003) (TV series)
Swami Jeff's Temple of Wisdom (2008) (TV series)
Big & Small (15 episodes, 2009) (TV series)
GIVER (9 episodes, 2013) (TV series)
Mr. Meaty (21 episodes, 2005–09) (TV series)
Big and Small (22 episodes, 2008–2009) (TV series)
As writer & producer
Nanalan' (writer) (2003)
Mr. Meaty (21 episodes, 2005–09) (TV series)
Swami Jeff's Temple of Wisdom (2008) (TV series)
Awards and nominations
2004, Gemini Award win for 'Best Writing in a Children's or Youth Program or Series'
2004, Gemini Award win for 'Best Performance in a Pre-School Program or Series'
2004, Gemini Award nomination for 'Best Pre-School Program or Series'
References
External links
Jamie Shannon at the Internet Movie Database
Jamie Shannonwebsite
20th-century Canadian screenwriters
20th-century Canadian male writers
20th-century Canadian male actors
21st-century Canadian screenwriters
21st-century Canadian male writers
21st-century Canadian male actors
Living people
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian television writers
Canadian television directors
Canadian film producers
1972 births
Canadian male television writers
Civitas Tropaensium was a Roman castrum situated in Scythia Minor in modern Constanța County, Romania. Its site is now the modern settlement of Adamclisi. It was colonized with Roman veterans of the Dacian Wars, was the largest Roman city of Scythia Minor and became a municipium around 200AD.
In 109 AD, a monument named Tropaeum Traiani was built to commemorate the Roman Empire's victories over the Dacians.
The city was destroyed by the Goths, but it was rebuilt during Constantine the Great's rule with improved defensive walls. Civitas Tropaensium survived until the Avars sacked it in 587, after which it ceased to be an important city of Dobruja and was no longer mentioned for seven hundred years.
External links
Former populated places in Eastern Europe
Roman legionary fortresses in Romania
History of Dobruja
Santa Inês is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.
See also
List of municipalities in Bahia
References
Municipalities in Bahia
Adam Eckersley is a singer, guitarist and songwriter from Grafton, Australia. He is the former vocalist and lead guitarist of award-winning blues band Bluezone, which have since disbanded. He has also been recently been signed to Universal Music Australia, Eckersley is married to fellow musician, Australian country music singer–songwriter Brooke McClymont, of The McClymonts.
Early life
Born and raised in Grafton, Australia and later moved to Tamworth, New South Wales after graduating from Mcauley Catholic College in 1999 along with his two brothers, Mark and Ryan. Eckersley currently resides on the Mid North Coast, New South Wales.
Career
Eckersley has been playing professionally for many years and was the 2008 ambassador for the Australian Blues Music Festival. Eckersley is sponsored by Fender Australia and Lee Oskar Harmonicas.
Having played at some of the countries leading blues festivals including the Byron Bay Blues & Roots Festival and the Darling Harbour Jazz Festival, he has also shared the stage with Australia's most revered guitarists such as; Phil Emmanuel, Mal Eastick, Phil Manning & Matt Taylor from Chain, Kevin Borich, and Izzy Ismanovich of The Screaming Jets.
In early 2010, Eckersley formed the 5-piece band Adam Eckersley Band (A.E.B.), consisting of Adam Eckersley, Jason Bone, Rudy Miranda, Ammiel Warner and Scott Greenway, they are now touring extensively throughout New South Wales. The release of their EP and first studio album has been met with positive feedback and sales, which also includes cover art designed by Eckersley.
Eckersley accompanied The McClymonts on their extensive 2011 US tour, performing alongside them as rhythm guitarist, while also developing A.E.B.
In mid 2012, Eckersley received much interest from key figures within Universal Music Australia after seeing him perform in one of The McClymonts music video's. Soon after, Eckersley was signed to his first major label and writing music with numerous notable artists such as Keith Peterik, and Keith Burns to develop his new album under Universal Music Australia's banner.
Discography
Albums
Awards and nominations
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards are a set of annual ceremonies presented by Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), which recognise excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of the music of Australia. They commenced in 1987.
!
|-
| 2018 || Adam & Brooke (with Brooke McClymont) || ARIA Award for Best Country Album || ||
See also
Adam Eckersley Band
References
External links
APRA Award winners
Australian guitarists
Living people
People from Grafton, New South Wales
1982 births
Australian Idol participants
21st-century Australian singers
21st-century guitarists
Elliptic Ltd. is a London-based blockchain analysis provider founded in 2013.
Activities
The company's primary business is its blockchain analysis tool that provides cryptocurrency exchanges and financial services with anti-money laundering software. The company also runs a forensics software that law enforcement have used to track bitcoin terrorist funding.
History
When launched in 2013, Elliptic was initially known for providing a cold storage vault service for storing bitcoin private keys to protect them from theft and hacks. Since then the company has been known for its anti-money-laundering analysis software. Software such as Elliptic's has been argued to increase institutionalisation of bitcoin. Elliptic's software has also been used to alert cryptocurrency firms when terrorists attempt to raise money via bitcoin.
On November 4 2020, almost US$1 billion worth of bitcoin that likely originated from Silk Road is on the move, according to Elliptic. Some 69,369 bitcoins have been moved out of a wallet that may be associated with the website.
References
British companies established in 2013
ConceptBase (a.k.a. ConceptBase.cc) is a deductive and object-oriented database management system developed at University of Aachen and University of Skövde. It is mainly used for conceptual modeling and metamodeling in the domain of software engineering and related domains. ConceptBase.cc is free and open-source software.
ConceptBase combines the following features:
Object-oriented concepts such as classes and inheritance
Deductive rules evaluated by a Datalog engine
Active rules conforming to the event condition action (ECA) paradigm
Recursive function definitions
Metamodeling with arbitrarily many abstraction levels (metaclasses, meta metaclasses)
ConceptBase implements O-Telos, which is
a variant of the knowledge representation Telos.
See also
MetaCASE tool
References
M. Jarke, R. Gallersdörfer, M.A. Jeusfeld, M. Staudt, S. Eherer, ConceptBase - a deductive object base for meta data management. Journal of Intelligent Information Systems, 4, 2, 1995, pp. 167–192, DOI 10.1007/BF00961873.
Jeusfeld, M.A. (2009): Metamodeling and method engineering with ConceptBase. In Jeusfeld, M.A., Jarke, M., Mylopoulos, J. (eds): Metamodeling for Method Engineering, pp. 89–168. The MIT Press, Open-access Edition.
External links
ConceptBase
ConceptBase ECArules
Object-oriented database management systems
Free database management systems
Tilburg University
RWTH Aachen University
Joseph F. Cunningham (February 25, 1924 – July 12, 2008) was an American jurist.
Born in East St. Louis, Illinois, Cunningham received his bachelor's degree from University of Dayton in 1946 and his law degree from Washington University School of Law in 1952. He was admitted to the Illinois and Missouri bars. Cunningham practiced law. He then became Illinois Magistrate Court judge and then Illinois Circuit Court judge. From 1987 to 1988 and 1991, Cunningham served on the Illinois Supreme Court. Cunningham served as executive director of the Administrative Office of the Illinois Courts after his retirement and was adjunct professor at McKendree University. Cunningham died in Saint Louis, Missouri.
Notes
1924 births
2008 deaths
People from East St. Louis, Illinois
University of Dayton alumni
Washington University School of Law alumni
McKendree University faculty
Missouri lawyers
Illinois state court judges
Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
20th-century American judges
The 1991–92 Hannover 96 season is the 96th season in the football club's history and 29th overall season in the second flight of German football, the 2. Bundesliga, and their third consecutive season having been relegated from the Bundesliga in 1989. Hannover 96 also participated in this season's edition of the domestic cup, the DFB-Pokal, and won the cup for the first time in club history, becoming the first team outside the Bundesliga to do so. This is the 33rd season for Hannover in the Niedersachsenstadion, located in Hanover, Lower Saxony, Germany. The season covers a period from 1 July 1991 to 30 June 1992.
Players
Squad information
Source:
Transfers
In
Out
Competitions
Overview
2. Bundesliga North
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
DFB-Pokal
Final
Statistics
Goalscorers
Clean sheets
References
Hannover 96 seasons
Hannover 96
Henry Woodfall Crowe (April 29, 1832 – November 7, 1865) was a British-Norwegian interpreter, translator, and author.
Biography
Crowe was born in Kåfjord, Norway, the son of John Rice Crowe (1795–1877) and Malene Marie Waad (1802–1843). Together with Henry Dick Woodfall, his father started the company Alten Copper Works in Alta around 1826. The company was later renamed the Kåfjord Copper Works. Henry Woodfall Crowe was named after his father's business partner.
He participated in the Crimean War in 1854 and 1855 as the interpreter general to the British fleet. Crowe's diary of his experiences on the warship HMS Duke of Wellington during the war was issued as a book in 2012 by one of his relatives. At the time, The Duke of Wellington was the world's largest battleship and the ship's commander, Charles Napier, was a legend in his own time.
Crowe later served as the British consul in Helsinki.
Crowe died in Christiania and is buried there in Our Savior's Cemetery.
Works
The Bothnia Pilot, by Admiral G. af Klint, translated by C. Bernard Coster, revised by Henry Woodfall Crowe (1855)
The Crimean War Journals (1854–1855) of Henry Woodfall Crowe on Board H.M.S. Duke of Wellington, researched and transcribed by Bernard Robert Crowe (2012)
References
People from Alta, Norway
1832 births
1865 deaths
Anna-Brita Stenström (born 1952) is a linguist whose areas of research include corpus linguistics, sociolinguistics, pragmatics, and discourse analysis. She has initiated and co-directed three online corpora of adolescent language: The Bergen Corpus of London Teenage Language (COLT), Ungdomsspråk och språkkontakt i Norden (UNO), and Corpus Oral de Lenguaje Adolescente (COLA). She is Professor Emerita of English Linguistics at the University of Bergen, Norway.
Stenström is a foreign member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
Publications
Anna-Brita Stenström and Annette Myre Jørgensen, eds. 2009. Youngspeak in a Multilingual Perspective (Pragmatics & Beyond New Series) John Benjamins.
Stenström, Anna-Brita 2009. “Pragmatic markers in contrast: Spanish pues nada and English anyway”. In Youngspeak in a Multilingual Perspective, Stenström, Anna-Brita and Annette Myre Jørgensen (eds.), 137–159.
Stenström, Anna-Brita. 2006. “Taboo words in teenage talk”. In Language Variation and Change: Historical and contemporary perspectives. Special issue of Spanish in Context 3:1 (2006), Mar-Molinero, Clare and Miranda Stewart (eds.), 115–138.
Karin Aijmer and Anna-Brita Stenström, eds. 2004. Discourse Patterns in Spoken and Written Corpora (Pragmatics & Beyond New Series) John Benjamins.
Stenström, Anna-Brita. 2003. “It's not that I really care about him personally you know”. In Discourse Constructions of Youth Identities, Androutsopoulos, Jannis K. and Alexandra Georgakopoulou (eds.)
Anna-Brita Stenström, Gisle Andersen and Ingrid Kristine Hasund. 2002. Trends in Teenage Talk: Corpus compilation, analysis and findings [Studies in Corpus Linguistics) John Benjamins.
Stenström, Anna-Brita 1998. “From Sentence to Discourse”. In Discourse Markers: Descriptions and theory, Jucker, Andreas H. and Yael Ziv (eds.)
References
1932 births
Living people
Linguists from Sweden
Corpus linguists
Women linguists
University of Bergen faculty
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Granada 74 Club de Fútbol, S.A.D., commonly known as Granada 74, was a Spanish football team based in Granada, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. It has not registered in any competition since 2009, it held home matches at Estadio La Victoria de Pinos Puente, with a capacity of 4,400 spectators.
History
Granada 74 CF was created on 6 June 2007 when Carlos Marsá, an investor from Granada, bought Segunda División team Ciudad de Murcia. Ciudad's footballing rights and contracts were transferred to the newly founded side, which in practice meant Ciudad had been relocated to Granada even if the club was considered a new entity.
Ciudad players still under contract for the 2007–08 season had the option to stay with the new club or cancel their contract. Also, as part of the new setup, Tercera División's CP Granada 74 became the reserve team.
For the 2009–10 campaign, Granada 74 was not registered in any category.
Seasons
1 season in Segunda División
1 season in Segunda División B
See also
CP Granada 74 (reserve team)
Relocation of professional sports teams
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in Andalusia
Sport in Granada
Association football clubs established in 2007
Association football clubs disestablished in 2009
2007 establishments in Spain
2009 disestablishments in Spain
Segunda División clubs
Borzabad (, also Romanized as Borzābād; also known as Burzābād) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 185, in 71 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Closer is a 2004 American romantic drama film written by Patrick Marber, based on his award-winning 1997 play of the same name. The film was produced and directed by Mike Nichols and stars Julia Roberts, Jude Law, Natalie Portman, and Clive Owen. The film, like the play on which it is based, has been seen by some as a modern and tragic version of Mozart's opera Così fan tutte, with references to the opera in both the plot and the soundtrack. Owen starred in the play as Dan, the role played by Law in the film.
The film received positive reviews and grossed $115 million at the box office. It was recognized with a number of awards and nominations, including Oscar nominations and Golden Globe wins for both Portman and Owen for their performances in supporting roles.
Plot
During a busy morning in London, writer Dan Woolf meets a beautiful American woman after she is hit by a car, not used to the direction of traffic in England. On their walk back from the hospital, they stop by Postman's Park. Dan asks her name, which she gives as Alice Ayres. They soon become lovers.
A year later, Dan has written a novel based on Alice's life. While being photographed to publicise it, he flirts with the American photographer Anna Cameron. They share a kiss before Alice arrives. While she uses the bathroom, Dan tries to persuade Anna to have an affair with him but their conversation is cut short by Alice's return. Alice then asks Anna if she can have her portrait taken as well. Anna agrees, and Alice asks Dan to leave them alone during the photoshoot. While being photographed, she reveals to Anna that she overheard them, and she is photographed while crying. Alice doesn't tell Dan what she heard and their relationship continues, but Dan spends a year brooding over his interest in Anna.
Another year later, Dan enters a cybersex chat room and converses with Larry Gray, a British dermatologist. With Anna still on his mind, Dan pretends to be her, and invites Larry to meet at the aquarium, where Anna told Dan she often went. Larry goes to the rendezvous, where he by chance meets Anna and learns that he is the victim of a prank. Anna tells Larry that Dan was most likely to blame for the setup. Soon, Anna and Larry become a couple.
Four months later at Anna's photo exhibition, Larry meets Alice, whom he recognises from the photograph of her in tears, which is being exhibited. Larry knows that Alice and Dan are a couple from talking to Anna. Dan persuades Anna to become involved with him. They cheat on their respective lovers for a year, even though Anna and Larry marry halfway through the year. Eventually Anna and Dan each confess the affair to their respective partners, leaving their relationships for one another.
Heartbroken by her loss, Alice becomes a stripper once again. One day, Larry runs into her accidentally at the strip club. He asks her real name, and she tells him it is Jane Jones. He asks her to have sex with him, but she refuses. Later, Larry and Anna meet for coffee. She asks him to sign their divorce papers, and he bargains with her- she agrees to sleep with him so that he will sign the documents and thereafter leave her alone. Anna and Dan later meet and, after she reveals to him that the divorce papers have been signed, Dan realizes she has had sex with Larry. She claims she did it so he would leave them alone, but Dan is furious and does not trust her.
A distraught Dan later confronts Larry to try to get Anna back. Larry tells him Anna never filed the signed divorce papers and suggests that he return to Alice. Alice takes Dan back and they plan a visit to the United States for a vacation. While in a hotel room at Gatwick Airport celebrating being back together, they talk about the way they met. After bringing up Larry, Dan asks her whether she had sex with him. She initially denies it but a short while later, she says she doesn't love him anymore and that she did sleep with Larry. Dan forgives her but Alice insists that it's over and tells him to leave. The argument culminates in Dan slapping Alice.
At the conclusion of the film, Larry and Anna are together, and Alice returns to New York City alone. As she passes through the immigration checkpoint on her way back into the States, a shot of her passport shows her real name to be Jane Jones, revealing she had lied about her name during her entire four-year relationship with Dan but had told the truth to Larry, even though he didn't believe her. Back in London, Dan returns to Postman's Park and notices the name Alice Ayres on the tiles of the Memorial to Heroic Self-Sacrifice. The Ayres dedication is to a young woman, "who by intrepid conduct" and "at the cost of her own young life," rescued three children from a fire.
The final scene, which resembles the first, shows Jane walking on a New York street alone being stared at by several of the men around her. She crosses a crosswalk that appears to have a "Don't Walk" signal up.
Cast
Julia Roberts as Anna Cameron
Natalie Portman as Alice Ayres / Jane Jones
Jude Law as Daniel "Dan" Woolf
Clive Owen as Larry Gray
Nick Hobbs as Taxi Driver
Colin Stinton as Customs Officer
Production
Filming
Closer was filmed at Elstree Film and Television Studios and on location in London.
Music
The main theme of the film follows Mozart's opera Così fan tutte, with references to that opera in both the plot and the soundtrack. One of the pivotal scenes develops to the background of the overture to Rossini's opera La Cenerentola ("Cinderella"). The soundtrack also contains songs from Jem, Damien Rice and Lisa Hannigan, Bebel Gilberto, the Devlins, the Prodigy and the Smiths.
The music of Irish folk singer Damien Rice is featured in the film, most notably the song "The Blower's Daughter," whose lyrics had parallels to many of the themes in the film. The opening notes from Rice's song "Cold Water" are also used repeatedly, notably in the memorial park scenes. Rice wrote a song titled "Closer" which was intended for use in the film but was not completed in time.
Reception
Critical reaction
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval score of 68% based on 212 reviews, and an average rating of 6.60/10. The website's critical consensus states, "Closer'''s talented cast and Mike Nichols' typically assured direction help smooth a bumpy journey from stage to screen." Another review aggregator, Metacritic, shows a weighted average score of 65 out of 100, based on 42 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Roger Ebert, writing for the Chicago Sun-Times, said of the people involved with the film, "[t]hey are all so very articulate, which is refreshing in a time when literate and evocative speech has been devalued in the movies." Peter Travers, writing for Rolling Stone, said, "Mike Nichols' haunting, hypnotic Closer vibrates with eroticism, bruising laughs and dynamite performances from four attractive actors doing decidedly unattractive things." Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "[d]espite involved acting and Nichols' impeccable professionalism as a director, the end result is, to quote one of the characters, 'a bunch of sad strangers photographed beautifully'." The New York Times A. O. Scott wrote, "[u]nlike most movie love stories, Closer does have the virtue of unpredictability. The problem is that, while parts are provocative and forceful, the film as a whole collapses into a welter of misplaced intensity." In a review on The Atlantic website, Christoper Orr described the film as "flamboyantly bad" and "irretrievably silly, a potty-mouthed fantasy that somehow mistakes itself for a fearless excavation of the dark recesses of the human soul", suggesting that what might have worked on stage came across as "ostentatious melodrama" on film. In a review on the Allmovie website, Perry Seibert praised the acting, the direction and the screenwriting, stating that Clive Owen "finds every dimension in his alpha-male character", Julia Roberts "shows not an ounce of movie-star self-consciousness", Natalie Portman "understands [her character] inside and out" and affirming that "[w]ith his superior timing, Nichols allows each of these actors to hit every funny, cruel, and intimate moment in the script". The Guardian's Peter Bradshaw gave Closer a one-star review and stated that Clive Owen was the only actor that portrayed "real emotions" in the film, saying that the other three lead actors could have just been "advertising perfume". Closer was featured on 73 End of the Year "Top Ten" lists by North American critics, and in first place on two of these lists.
Box office
The film was released on December 3, 2004 in North America. Closer opened in 476 theaters, but the theater count was increased after the film was released. The film was domestically a moderate financial success, grossing $33,987,757. Huge success followed in the international market, where the film grossed an additional $81,517,270; over 70% of its $115,505,027 worldwide gross. The film was produced on a budget of US$27 million.
Awards and nominations
Home mediaCloser'' was first released on VHS and DVD on March 29, 2005 and on Blu-ray on May 22, 2007.
Notes
References
External links
2004 films
2004 independent films
2004 romantic drama films
2000s American films
2000s English-language films
2000s erotic drama films
American erotic drama films
American erotic romance films
American films based on plays
American independent films
American nonlinear narrative films
American romantic drama films
BAFTA winners (films)
Columbia Pictures films
Films about infidelity
Films about striptease
Films about writers
Films directed by Mike Nichols
Films featuring a Best Supporting Actor Golden Globe winning performance
Films featuring a Best Supporting Actress Golden Globe-winning performance
Films set in London
Films shot at Elstree Film Studios
Poles are people native to Poland.
Poles may also refer to:
Geographical pole
Poles of astronomical bodies
Prospective Outlook on Long-term Energy Systems (POLES)
Spot Poles (1887–1962), American outfielder in baseball's Negro leagues
plural form of pole
See also
Events from the year 1802 in France.
Incumbents
The French Consulate
Events
23 February - Haitian Revolution: Battle of Ravine-à-Couleuvres, French victory.
4 March-24 March - Haitian Revolution: Battle of Crête-à-Pierrot, French victory, taking a besieged fort from Haitian forces.
25 March - Treaty of Amiens, temporarily ended hostilities between France and the United Kingdom during the French Revolutionary Wars.
8 April - Organic Articles presented by Napoleon.
26 April - General amnesty signed by Napoleon Bonaparte allowed all but about one thousand of the most notorious émigrés of the French Revolution to return to France.
10 May - Constitutional Referendum ratified the new constitution of the Consulate, which made Napoleon Bonaparte First Consul for life.
19 May - Napoleon establishes the légion d'honneur (Legion of Honour).
20 May - Napoleon Bonaparte reinstates slavery in the French colonies, which had been abolished during the French Revolution.
8 June - Haitian Revolution: Revolutionary Toussaint Louverture is seized by French troops and sent to Fort de Joux prison.
11 September - The Italian region of Piedmont becomes a part of the French First Republic.
October - French army enters Switzerland.
Births
January to June
3 January - Félix Dupanloup, Bishop of Orléans (died 1878)
6 February - Gustave de Beaumont, magistrate, prison reformer and travel companion to Alexis de Tocqueville (died 1865)
26 February - Victor Hugo, poet, playwright, novelist and statesman (died 1885)
5 May - Jean-Joseph Gaume, Roman Catholic theologian and author (died 1879)
6 May - Charles Nicholas Aubé, physician and entomologist (died 1869)
22 June - Émile de Girardin, journalist, publicist and politician (died 1881)
July to December
24 July - Alexandre Dumas, père, writer (died 1870)
2 August - Louis Désiré Blanquart-Evrard, photographer (died 1872)
24 September - Adolphe d'Archiac, geologist and paleontologist (died 1868)
30 September - Antoine Jérôme Balard, chemist and discoverer of bromine (died 1876)
10 October - Napoleon Charles Bonaparte, the eldest son of Louis Bonaparte (died 1807)
15 October - Louis-Eugène Cavaignac, General (died 1857)
31 October - Benoît Fourneyron, engineer, designed the first practical water turbine (died 1867)
13 November - Jean Gailhac, priest (died 1890)
18 November - Jules Baroche, statesman and Minister (died 1870)
1 December - Armand-François-Marie de Charbonnel, Bishop of Toronto (died 1891)
Full date unknown
Eugène Flachat, civil engineer (died 1873)
Deaths
January to June
18 January - Antoine Darquier de Pellepoix, astronomer (born 1718)
7 February - Philippe-Louis-François Badelard, soldier and surgeon (born 1728)
21 February - René Maugé de Cely, zoologist
7 March - Clothilde of France, Princess and Queen Consort of Sardinia (born 1759)
1 April - Joseph Duplessis, painter (born 1725)
3 April - Philippe-François de Rastel de Rocheblave, soldier, businessman and politician in Lower Canada (born 1727)
July to December
11 July - Alexandre Dumas, lawyer, notary, businessman and political figure in Lower Canada (b. c.1726)
15 July - Louis-Marie Stanislas Fréron, politician and journalist (born 1754; yellow fever)
22 July - Xavier Bichat, anatomist and pathologist (born 1771)
24 July - Joseph Ducreux, painter and engraver (born 1735)
12 August - Louis Lebègue Duportail, soldier and Minister (born 1743)
3 September - Antoine Richepanse, Revolutionary general and colonial administrator (born 1770)
11 October - André Michaux, botanist and explorer (born 1746)
30 October - Charles Alexandre de Calonne, statesman (born 1734)
2 November - Charles Leclerc, General and brother-in-law of Napoleon I of France (born 1772)
See also
References
1800s in France
Tokusegawa Masano (德瀬川 正直, born August 6, 1983 as Badamsambuu Ganbold) is a former sumo wrestler from Ulan Bator, Mongolia. Joining the professional sport in 2003, he entered the top division for the first time in March 2010, and rose to the top of the maegashira ranks. He was forced to retire by the Japan Sumo Association in 2011 after being found guilty of match-fixing.
Career
Tokusegawa's debut tournament in maezumo was considered a rather ignominious one, as he was cautioned by judges for cursing in Mongolian at a fellow Mongolian wrestler and slapping the wrestler's chest just after losing to him. He soon went on to distinguish himself though, steadily rising through the ranks. Except for a period in early 2005 where he suffered three consecutive losing tournaments while struggling in the sandanme division, he never had two consecutive losing tournaments. He took the sandanme championship in the November 2006 tournament with a 7–0 perfect record. His sumo became even more consistent and after a slow but steady rise to the upper ranks of the makushita division, he took the championship in the May 2009 tournament. As a result, he became the first wrestler from his stable to be promoted to the elite sekitori ranks. It took him only four tournaments to make his way through the second jūryō division, in which he suffered only one losing tournament. He came through with winning records in his first three top makuuchi division tournaments before recording his first make-koshi at maegashira 4 in September 2010. He responded with scores of 8–7 in November (which included a win over ozeki Kotooshu) and 9–6 in January 2011.
After the January 2011 tournament Tokusegawa's Kiriyama stable shut down and he moved with his stablemaster to the affiliated Asahiyama stable.
Retirement from sumo
In April 2011 Tokusegawa was one of 23 wrestlers found guilty of match-fixing after an investigation by the Japan Sumo Association (JSA), and he was forced to retire from sumo. He responded, "I can't accept (this punishment). But what am I supposed to do if I oppose the JSA's decision?" He would have reached a new highest rank of maegashira 1 in the May 2011 tournament.
Following his retirement Tokusegawa returned to his native country and participated in Mongolian wrestling, winning the Western Region Danshig Nadaam tournament in 2012.
Fighting style
Tokusegawa was a yotsu-sumo specialist, preferring grappling techniques. His favoured grip on his opponent's mawashi was migi-yotsu (left hand outside, right hand inside) and his most common winning kimarite were yori-kiri and yori-taoshi (force out and down). He also regularly used uwatenage (overarm throw).
Career record
See also
Glossary of sumo terms
List of non-Japanese sumo wrestlers
List of past sumo wrestlers
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Mongolian sumo wrestlers
Sportspeople from Ulaanbaatar
Sportspeople banned for life
Rudi Vervoort (born 20 November 1958) is a Brussels politician. He is the mayor of Evere since 1998 and member of the Brussels Parliament. He became the Minister-President of the Brussels-Capital Region on 7 May 2013 and is responsible for Local Authorities, Urban Development, Monuments and Sites, Environmental Maintenance (responsibility delegated to the Secretary of State Rachid Madrane), Development Cooperation and Regional Statistics.
He holds a degree in law.
Honours
2014: Commander of the Order of Leopold II
2016: Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun
References
1958 births
Living people
Mayors of places in Belgium
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun, 3rd class
Members of the Parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region
People from Sint-Agatha-Berchem
Socialist Party (Belgium) politicians
21st-century Belgian politicians
Ministers-President of the Brussels-Capital Region
The Larnoch Road murders were a high-profile double-murder case in Auckland, New Zealand. On 21 August 1989, Deane Wade Fuller-Sandys, a 21-year-old Auckland tyre-fitter, left home to go fishing. He never returned. His body was never found and authorities initially believed he probably drowned after being swept out to sea at West Auckland's Whatipu Beach, where his car was discovered shortly afterwards. Five days later, on 26 August 1989, Leah Romany Stephens, a 20-year old Auckland sex worker, also disappeared. Her skeletal remains were discovered in a forest near the Muriwai Golf Course three years later, in June 1992. Police enquiries at the time did not lead to an arrest in her case either.
It was not until police received a tip-off years later that the two deaths were related that Fuller-Sandys' disappearance was upgraded to a murder inquiry. After a two-year investigation, another sex worker, Gail Maney, was convicted of commissioning Stephen Stone, a gang member, to kill Fuller-Sandys over what was portrayed as a drug-related dispute. The murders allegedly took place in Larnoch Road in the suburb of Henderson where Maney used to live. Stone was also convicted of the rape and murder of Leah Stephens, a witness to the killing of Fuller-Sandys. Two other men were also convicted of being accessories to the murder of Fuller-Sandys by disposing of his body.
The case is unusual in New Zealand legal history because of the decade-long gap between the crime and the conviction, the securing of a conviction despite a lack of forensic evidence, and the legal
immunity granted to key witnesses. The case is also contentious as Maney continues to state she is innocent and that she never even met Fuller-Sandys, and because two key witnesses who testified at the trial have since recanted their original trial testimony.
Police investigation
In early 1997, Auckland police began to receive information that the disappearances of Deane Fuller-Sandys and Leah Stephens were connected – through their association with Gail Denise Maney. Maney (born 1967) was a sex worker and said to be in a relationship with Stephen Ralph Stone (born 1969), who had gang affiliations. She lived in a rental at 22 Larnoch Road, Henderson. Fuller-Sandys sometimes attended parties there and allegedly sold drugs to Gail Maney. In August 1989, when Maney and the other occupants were out, the place was burgled. Leather goods, money, and drugs were stolen. Based on a description of the burglar provided by a neighbour, police allege Maney believed it was Fuller-Sandys.
Police concluded that in August 1989, Gail Maney had ordered the killing of Deane Fuller-Sandys because she believed he had stolen drugs from her. Police were told that Fuller-Sandys was enticed to come to Larnoch Rd on 21 August 1989 on his way to go fishing. When he arrived, he was attacked by Stone who then shot him in front of at least eight witnesses, among whom was Leah Stephens. Stone passed the gun to each of the four male witnesses, including Maney's younger brother Colin Neil Maney (born 1971) and a mutual acquaintance, Mark William Henriksen (born 1967), and directed them to fire bullets into the body to make them complicit in the murder. The men allegedly disposed of Fuller-Sandys' body in Woodhill Forest (although subsequent police searches failed to discover his remains), and left his vehicle at Whatipu Beach to make it appear he had drowned there. Five days later, Stone, believing that Leah Stephens was likely to inform police of the murder of Fuller-Sandys, raped and then murdered her with a knife at 22 Larnoch Road.
During the course of the investigation, the lead detective on the case, Mark Franklin, was discovered by other police officers sharing a joint in downtown Auckland. The incident could have ended Franklin's career, but he spoke to his supervisor about it before the other officers reported him and he was let off with a warning. The investigation continued for two years, after which Maney and Stone were arrested and charged with murdering Fuller-Sandys at Maney's home in Larnoch Road. Stone was also charged with the rape and murder of Stephens. Colin Maney and Mark Henriksen were charged with being accessories to the murder of Fuller-Sandys. All four denied the charges.
Trial
The trial was held in March 1999 at Auckland's High Court. The Crown was unable to produce a body or any forensic evidence such as DNA, blood-matches or weapons. Their case was based entirely on the testimony from witnesses who were interviewed eight or more years after Fuller-Sandys and Stephens disappeared. Two males who were alleged to be present (and participated in shooting Fuller-Sandys), and who admitted they had also disposed of Stephens' body at Muriwai,
were granted name suppression and immunity from prosecution in exchange for their trial testimony.
During the trial, lead investigator Mark Franklin was strongly challenged by defence lawyers over whether he had bullied witnesses, or pressured them to change their stories to match a predetermined police narrative. He denied these allegations. However, private investigator Tim McKinnel subsequently said: "There are concerns around some of the witnesses and their credibility and reliability. There are a number of wavering versions of events before a final version of events is settled on and we've seen that in cases before … Those sorts of things are concerning and I have questions around the way those statements and that evidence was collected over a period of time."
Verdicts
After two days' deliberation, the jury found Stone and Gail Maney guilty of the murder of Fuller-Sandys. Stone was also found guilty of the rape and murder of Stephens. Both were sentenced to life imprisonment. Stone also received a 10-year concurrent sentence for raping Stephens. Colin Maney and Mark Henriksen were convicted of being accessories to the murder of Fuller-Sandys by helping to dispose of his body. Henriksen was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, while Colin Maney (the youngest of the accused) received a two-year suspended sentence.
Subsequent events
Appeals
Gail Maney and Mark Henriksen appealed their convictions and were granted a retrial on the grounds that the original trial judge had not adequately summed up the case for their defence to the jury. However, both were again found guilty at their retrial in June 2000. In 2005, Gail Maney filed another appeal after one of the key female witnesses recanted her original trial testimony implicating Maney, but this appeal was also rejected.
Parole
Maney was paroled in 2010, but was twice recalled to prison for breaches of her parole conditions. She served a total of 15 years in prison and remains on parole for the rest of her life. Three top lawyers, criminal barrister Julie-Anne Kincade, Nicholas Chisnall, and Aieyah Shendi, have agreed to represent her as she continues fighting to clear her name for a murder she says she did not commit. Private investigator Tim McKinnel has also agreed to assist.
Although Stephen Stone admitted to the killing of Fuller-Sandys during a restorative justice meeting with Fuller-Sandys' family in 2010, he subsequently recanted this confession and reverted to his claims of innocence. Stone was declined parole in December 2017, and will not be eligible for parole again until November 2019.
Media interest
In 2018, Radio New Zealand and Stuff released a podcast documentary about the case, Gone Fishing. Subjects interviewed included Gail Maney, some of the key witnesses, and the former detective who led the police investigation, Mark Franklin. Franklin's reputation had been damaged after he was jailed for twelve months in the Cook Islands for selling cannabis to an undercover police officer there in 2010.
Concerns about the case
Lack of forensic evidence
Fuller-Sandys' body has never been found. Despite a two-year investigation (eight years after Fuller-Sandys' disappearance), the Crown was unable to produce any forensic evidence such as DNA, blood-matches or weapons. Lead investigator, detective senior sergeant Mark Franklin (who was subsequently convicted for drug dealing), said "This was a case where there's no forensics; we didn't have scenes, we didn't have bodies, and [for] the evidence we relied totally on criminal associates who were involved in the crimes. That was probably one of the most challenging things." According to Tim McKinnel, who had worked to overturn the wrongful conviction of Teina Pora: "There is not a scrap of physical evidence to support the contention that Fuller-Sandys was murdered..."
Participants granted immunity
One of the men who were present when Fuller-Sandys was killed (and has permanent name suppression) admitted to being among the eight people in the garage in Larnoch Road where Fuller-Sandys is said to have been shot. He and another witness supposedly helped bury Fuller-Sandys' body in dense bush somewhere in West Auckland. This man was also present when Leah Stephens was raped and murdered. When the case was brought to light again in the late 90s, he gave evidence against Maney and Stone in return for immunity from prosecution. He was also given $30,000 and a new identity under the witness protection scheme.
Doubts about the reliability of his evidence were raised after he appeared to have no knowledge of the crimes despite repeated questioning by police during the investigation. However, at one point during the investigation, he spent half an hour alone with Franklin, one of the lead detectives on the case. Immediately afterwards, he revised his statement to say he remembered both crimes – which helped the police tie the two cases together. Speaking to Stuff for the podcast Gone Fishing 27 years later, he said: "I had no knowledge of the events" claiming he only remembered what happened after he went to a hypnotist.
Two 'witnesses' retract
Two people who testified that they were present when Fuller-Sandys was killed have subsequently retracted their statements. In February 2005 at a Court of Appeal hearing, Tania Wilson said she gave false evidence at Maney's two trials which implicated Maney in the killing of Fuller-Sandys. She said the police put her under pressure to testify against Maney. The court did not accept Wilson's recantation and dismissed Maney's appeal.
In July 2019, a second woman who gave evidence in the trial that convicted Gail Maney said she lied to police that she was present after being "threatened and harassed" by police. She said the police never interviewed her until 1997, eight years after Fuller-Sandys went missing, and that police pressured her by coming to her house in "marked and unmarked cars, sometimes in large numbers. They would search my house, (and) told me that they were going to make my life a misery if I didn't start playing ball, which meant admitting to my so-called role in his murder." She said she gave a false statement after police threatened to take away her young child but added: "My view was that he wasn't murdered and he was washed off the rocks fishing."
The second woman's story has been corroborated by Andrew Thompson, a former Henderson Police officer, who picked up the witness after she was interviewed by detectives investigating the death of Deane Fuller-Sandys and drove her to the airport. Thompson said she told him during the drive that she and the other woman had lied to detectives about being present when the alleged murder took place. Tim McKinnel who has been looking into the case told The New Zealand Herald he believed Thompson's account because it was consistent with other information he has.
Detective convicted of drug dealing
Detective senior sergeant Mark Franklin smoked cannabis during his time as a police officer, including while working on this particular case. He took early retirement on psychological grounds and was subsequently sent to prison in the Cook Islands for drug dealing. His lawyer told the court that Franklin had been a long-time user of cannabis, and smoked it to deal with job-related stress.
References
External links
Gone Fishing, 2018 Radio New Zealand documentary about the case.
Leah Romany Stephens at BillionGraves
Crime in Auckland
Murder in New Zealand
Murder convictions without a body
1989 murders in New Zealand
Susan F. Filan (born August 24, 1959) is Senior Legal Analyst for MSNBC, former prosecutor for the State of Connecticut, and a trial lawyer.
Early career
In 1991, she began her career as a criminal defense attorney for a legal aid clinic, in New Haven, CT, representing indigent defendants charged with crimes. She then went into private practice where she specialized in criminal defense and matrimonial law at both the trial and appellate level in state and federal court. In 1998, Filan was hired by the State Attorney's office for The Division of Criminal Justice which consists of the Office of the Chief State's Attorney and the State's Attorneys for each of the 13 Judicial Districts in Connecticut. They, along with Assistant State's Attorneys, are Connecticut's prosecutors—the public officials known in many other states, and in TV lore, as District Attorneys, or the "D.A." Filan was one of the more than 500 prosecutors, inspectors and administrative and support staff who are responsible for the investigation and prosecution of crime in Connecticut. She was assigned to the Gang and Continuing Crime Unit. In 2003, Filan transferred to the Judicial District of Fairfield at Bridgeport as an Assistant State's Attorney (prosecutor).
TV Legal Analyst
In 2005, Filan began providing commentary on MSNBC, Fox News, CNN, Court TV, ABC News, CBS News, and BBC News in 2005 on several high-profile cases including Michael Jackson and Scott Peterson. In May 2005, Filan resigned as a prosecutor to pursue a career in media when she was hired by NBC News and MSNBC to provide exclusive legal analysis of the Michael Jackson trial. She covered the trial from Santa Maria, California. After Jackson's acquittal on all charges, Filan returned home and began providing legal analysis for MSNBC and occasionally appeared on NBC. In 2006, she was promoted to MSNBC Senior Analyst.
In addition to appearing as an analyst on MSNBC's daytime and primetime programs, Filan also has served as a guest host for "The Abrams Report." Filan has been quoted in print media around the world.
She is a regular contributor to Women in Crime Ink, described by the Wall Street Journal as "a blog worth reading."
Credentials
Filan is admitted to practice before the Supreme Court of the United States, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut and the Courts of the State of Connecticut. She has a column on MSNBC.com called the Filan Files.
She was the past president of the Board of Quinnipiac University School of Law Alumni Association and an Alternate on the Local Grievance Panel for the Judicial District of New Haven.
Education
Quinnipiac College School Of Law, Hamden, CT
Juris Doctor, May 1991; Merit Scholar, 1990–91
IOLTA Scholar, 1990–91; American Jurisprudence Award, Trial Practice, 1991
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
M.A., Anthropology, 1986
Teaching Assistant; Research Assistant; Research Grant Recipient
Admitted to Ph.D. Program in Anthropology
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
B.A., with Distinction, Anthropology, 1981
Graduate of National Institute of Trial Advocacy's Ten Day Regional Program
Graduate of National Advocacy Center Trial Advocacy Program
Graduate of Top Gun Training Program, Sea Girt, New Jersey
References
External links
Website
Living people
1959 births
Connecticut lawyers
American television reporters and correspondents
American television news anchors
MSNBC people
CNN people
American women television journalists
American women lawyers
University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts alumni
Quinnipiac University alumni
Amity High School is a regional public high school located in Woodbridge, Connecticut, United States. It provides high school education (grades 9-12) for the children in the towns of Woodbridge, Orange, and Bethany (which together form Regional District #5 for the purpose of secondary education). The name Amity is derived from both the colonial history of Woodbridge and the "friendship" demonstrated among the three founding towns in arranging for a communal educational program.
In 2014, Newsweek magazine ranked Amity 112th among public high schools nationally, higher than any other high school in the state.
During the 2014-2015 academic year, the school district spent $17,091 per pupil, as compared to the state average of $16,249. Approximately 51% were residents of Orange, 29% were residents of Woodbridge and 20% were residents of Bethany. About 87.3% of the students were white, 7.9% were Asian-American, 2.6% were Hispanic, 2.0% were African-American and 0.2% were American Indian. There were approximately 122 teachers and 1,636 students, for an average student-teacher ratio of 13.4:1, although the actual ratio varies by course and teacher contract.
Grade arrangement
Until 2005, only sophomores through seniors attended Amity High School, while freshmen attended either the junior high school in Orange (for residents of Orange) or the junior high school in Bethany (for residents of Bethany and Woodbridge). Seventh and eighth graders also attended the junior high schools. In 2005, the ninth graders began to attend Amity High School and the junior high schools were renamed Amity Middle School.
Scandals
The high school building was rebuilt in the early 1990s, although the auditorium and gymnasium were not replaced. Subsequent to the construction, some staff members and students experienced problems caused by mold and poor ventilation. The auditorium was closed in 2003 and then demolished and replaced in 2007.
In March 2002, an investigation reported that a budget deficit of $2.8 million was caused by financial mismanagement. The residents of the three towns demonstrated their unhappiness by rejecting seventeen proposed budgets during the 2002-3 fiscal year.
In April 2010, Sue Cantin, a former secretary in the school district office, pleaded no contest to misdemeanor charges of embezzling $107,512 in student activity funds. She was expected to repay the whole sum by April 2012.
Athletics
The school sports teams are known as "The Spartans" and "Lady Spartans" and compete in the Housatonic Division of the Southern Connecticut Conference.
In 1978, the football team won the CIAC Class LL championship.
The Amity girls' volleyball team competes in the CIAC's highest division. The team won the CIAC Class L tournament in 1981, 1982, 1983, 1985, 1986, 1989, 1990, 1994, 1995, 2003 and 2018
The Amity boys' tennis team won the CIAC Class LL state team tournament in 1987, 2004 and 2015.
The Amity softball team won the CIAC Class LL tournament in 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2012 and 2018.
The baseball team won the CIAC Class LL baseball tournament in 2006 with an 18-2-0 record, in 2007 with a 20-0-0 record, in 2013 with a 16-4-0 record and in 2014 with a 12-8-0 record.
The girls' indoor track team won the CIAC Class L championship in 1998 and the CIAC Class LL championship in 2005. The girls' track & field team had undefeated 2011 and 2012 outdoor seasons.
The boys' cross-country team won the CIAC Class LL championship in 2005 and 2010, and the CIAC Class L championship in 2008. The girls' cross-country team won the CIAC Class L championship in 1988 and 1989.
The boys' indoor track team won the CIAC Class LL championship in 2004 and 2005 and the CIAC Class L championship in 2009. The boys' outdoor track team won the CIAC Class LL championship in 2000 and 2010 and the Class L championship in 2009.
In 2006 the Amity girls' soccer team tied the Class LL state championship with Trumbull High School, after the game went into double overtime and ended with a score of 0-0. In the S.C.C. they beat Mercy High School 1-0 in double overtime. 2006 was also the first year they won the S.C.C. championship, Class LL state title and had an undefeated regular season. Amity girls' soccer was ranked #1 in Connecticut, #2 in New England and #9 nationally at the end of the 2006 season.
In 2008, the Amity boys' ice hockey team won the state Division II title. In 2010, the team won the state Division II title.
They ceased to exist in 2016.
The Amity Ultimate Frisbee team was founded in 2006. The team won the Connecticut state championship in 2011, 2012 and 2014.
Music department
At the beginning of the 2007-2008 year, Amity started its first competitive marching band, known as the Amity High School Spartan Marching Band. Under the direction of Phil Dolan, Amity held its first competitive show in early October 2007. Its 2007 show contained music from the film Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl while its 2008 show contained music from the Cirque du Soleil show La Nouba. The Amity Marching Band, while new to the competitive nature of marching band, often came close to the scores of bands who have competed for decades. In addition, they won first place at both of their season's final competitions. In the 2009-2010 season, the Amity Marching Band went on hiatus, while a new staged performance called Music In Motion was put into a trial production. Two shows were held on October 23 and 24, 2009. This new stage production contained a variety of the Amity Band concepts, including marching, jazz, drumline, colorguard and dance. The show included music from The Phantom of the Opera, the film Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, and the theme music from television show The Simpsons. In addition, several band members put together an imitation of the dance group Stomp, using push brooms and garbage pails to create a chorus of percussion. As of 2010 following 2009's success, Music and Motion permanently replaced the marching band. For the 2010 show, Amity put on a performance including multiple numbers from the show which inspired the program, Blast! such as "Malagueña", "Boléro", and Gee, Officer Krupke! (from West Side Story). In addition, numbers such as "Chameleon" and "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" exclusively featured other sections such as colorguard and jazz band, respectively.
Other musical groups include the concert band, wind ensemble, strings and choir. They practice individually and perform together for holiday and spring concerts as well as a POPS concert, held annually since 1969.
Theater department
In 2007 the Amity Board of Education created a fully funded theater department with classes in acting, technical theater and dance. A new auditorium opened that year with the play The Laramie Project. In the Spring 2008 semester the theater department performed the musical Grease. Later in 2008, the department performed the play The Boys Next Door, for which it won the Moss Hart Award for Best High School Production by the New England Theater Conference. In Spring 2009, Amity was the first high school in the state to perform the controversial musical Rent: School Edition. Many parents and students in the Amity community had mixed feelings on the production as it depicts homosexuality, drug use and AIDS. On December 12, 2009, the department performed the play And Then They Came for Me. The play is about two Jewish refugee families and their connection to Anne Frank. The production received Honorable Mention in the Moss Hart Awards from the New England Theater Conference. The department performed the musical Les Misérables in Spring 2010, for which it won four awards at the 2010 Connecticut High School Musical Theater Awards. In December 2010, the theater department performed the play Bang, Bang, You're Dead, and in Spring 2011, the musical Chicago. For that production, Amity received 12 nominations at the 2011 Connecticut High School Musical Theater Awards, but only took home one. In 2013, the theater department showed Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street and took home Best Musical, Best Orchestra, Best Key Performer, and other awards to total eight awards won that year. In 2014, the theater department showed In the Heights, and only won the newly created Sound Design Award. In 2018, the theater department produced The Addams Family for which it was nominated for 8 awards at the 1st annual Stephen Sondheim Awards at the Shubert Theater in New Haven, CT, winning the award for Best Musical.
In December 2018, the theater program performed The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, featuring an actual Black Labrador. That show and the program's April 2019 musical, Catch Me If You Can, both received positive reviews.
During the 2019-2020 school year, the program is scheduled to perform the play Dancing At Lugnasa and the musical The Drowsy Chaperone.
During the 2021-2022 school year, the program is performed the play Puffs, and the musical Mamma Mia!
Debate Team
One of the most active and competitive clubs at Amity include the Amity Debate Team. In the 2019-2020 school year, the Amity Debate Team competed in the International Public Policy Forum competition. The team advanced to the Elite Eight finals, ranking Top 8 internationally and given the chance to compete for the championship. Unfortunately, the competition was cancelled due to COVID-19 shutdowns, and the team was awarded $2,500. The Amity Debate Team is also known for competing monthly in the Connecticut Debate Association, championing multiple debates every year from 2017 to 2020 and being the school with the most amount state finals qualifiers in 2019 and 2020.
Quiz Bowls
In 1980, a three-student team from Amity Regional High School won the championship of the inaugural Connecticut High School Bowl, an academic quiz show produced by New Haven TV station WTNH in association with Albertus Magnus College from 1980 to 1991. In 2006, Amity Regional High School revived this extracurricular activity as the academic challenge team. The latest team is best known for participating in the Connecticut version of The Challenge, a quizbowl-type game show courtesy of Cablevision's News 12 Networks. Since then, the unique group has become increasingly popular, with many students tuning in to watch their classmates compete on television. In May 2009, Amity made it to the state quarterfinals of The Challenge for the first time in school history, but lost to the eventual Connecticut champion, Greens Farms Academy of Westport.
Notable alumni
William Atherton, actor, notable for role of Richard Thornburg in Die Hard and Walter Peck in Ghostbusters
Chris Antonetti, vice president of baseball operations for the Cleveland Indians
Brian Yale, bassist for the band Matchbox Twenty
John J. DeGioia, the first lay president of Georgetown University
Kristen Marie Griest, one of the first two female U.S. Army Rangers
Darren M. Haynes, SportsCenter anchor at ESPN in Bristol, Connecticut
Dorit Kemsley, Real Housewife of Beverly Hills
Derek Mitchell, United States Ambassador to Burma
David L. Rabinowitz, research scientist at Yale University and co-discoverer of several centaurs (icy asteroids in orbit between Jupiter and Nepture)
Jonathan Rothberg, founder and former chairman of 454 Life Sciences and inventor of a technique for sequencing the human genome
Alan Schlesinger, Connecticut Republican candidate for Senate
Erik Stocklin, actor
Timothy Sykes, stock trader
Mike Vespoli, founder and chief executive officer of Vespoli USA, Inc., a boat manufacturer in New Haven, Conn., that makes shells for rowing teams and individual rowers
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1954
Schools in New Haven County, Connecticut
Public high schools in Connecticut
Woodbridge, Connecticut
1954 establishments in Connecticut
HMS Thisbe was an destroyer which served in the Royal Navy during World War I. The R class were an improvement on the previous M class with geared steam turbines to improve efficiency. Built by Hawthorn Leslie and launched on 8 March 1917, the destroyer served as part of the Harwich Force. In 1918, the destroyer towed a flying boat on a lighter to take part in operations off the coast of Heligoland, although the aircraft failed to take off. After the war, the destroyer was placed in reserve, and participated in trials with the Compass Department in 1925. The ship was sold to be broken up on 31 August 1936.
Design
Thisbe was one of twelve destroyers ordered by the British Admiralty in March 1916 as part of the Eighth War Construction Programme.{ The R class were a development of the preceding , but differed in having geared turbines to improve fuel consumption, the central gun mounted on a bandstand and minor changes to improve seakeeping.
The destroyer was long between perpendiculars, with a beam of and a draught of . Displacement was normal and deep load. Power was provided by three Yarrow boilers feeding two Parsons geared steam turbines rated at and driving two shafts, to give a design speed of . Three funnels were fitted. A total of of oil was carried, giving a design range of at .
Armament consisted of three Mk IV QF guns on the ship's centreline, with one on the forecastle, one aft on a raised platform and one between the second and third funnels. A single 2-pounder "pom-pom" anti-aircraft gun was carried, while torpedo armament consisted of two rotating twin mounts for torpedoes. The ship had a complement of 82 officers and ratings.
Service
The ship was laid down by Hawthorn Leslie and Company in Hebburn in 13 June 1916 with the yard number 492. Launched on 8 March 1917, the destroyer was completed on 6 June 1917. The vessel was the third to be named after Thisbe, a woman of Babylon from Greek mythology.
On commissioning, Thisbe joined the Tenth Destroyer Flotilla of the Harwich Force. The deployment was part of a wider expansion of the destroyer force in the navy. Towards the end of the war, the Navy looked to alternative ways of attacking the Germans, particularly the fast but short range Thornycroft Coastal Motorboats and Curtis Large American flying boats. A lighter was developed that could be towed by destroyers, taking the faster craft close to the enemy. On 10 August 1918, Thisbe, towing a flying boat on a lighter and accompanied by six Coastal Motorboats, joined a fleet of four light cruisers and thirteen destroyers to sail for Heligoland and attack German shipping. Initially, the assignment was not a success as the aircraft failed to take off and the boats were all sunk or interned, but subsequently one of the aircraft launched by one of the other destroyers shot down the Zeppelin LZ 100.
Thisbe remained part of the Tenth Destroyer Flotilla at the end of the war, but was placed in reserve at Nore on 24 February 1920. In 1925, the destroyer was attached to the Compass Department and took part of a trial of six different compasses, including a gunnery compass. On 31 August 1936, Thisbe was given to Thos. W. Ward of Sheffield in exchange for RMS Majestic and was subsequently broken up at Pembroke Dock.
Pennant numbers
References
Citations
Bibliography
1917 ships
R-class destroyers (1916)
Ships built on the River Tyne
World War I destroyers of the United Kingdom
Jennifer Malat is an American sociologist. She is associate vice president for development in the Office of Development and Alumni Relations at Virginia Commonwealth University.
Early life and education
Malat was raised in Rochester, Minnesota and attended the University of Minnesota for her Bachelor of Science degree in sociology. She then traveled to Michigan to earn her Master's degree and PhD from the University of Michigan.
Career
Upon receiving her PhD, Malat joined the faculty of sociology at the University of Cincinnati as an assistant professor in 2000. She was promoted to associate professor in 2006 and full professor in 2014. Malat's research examines how inequities, particularly racial inequity, affect health.
In 2011, she was appointed director of the University of Cincinnati's Kunz Center for Social Research. Later, Malat co-founded The Cincinnati Project with Earl Wright II in 2013 and served as its founding director until 2020. The project was a research initiative aimed at promoting equity throughout the city.
In 2020, Malat left her position at the University of Cincinnati to become the dean of the Virginia Commonwealth University College of Humanities and Sciences. In 2022, she joined the Office of Development and Alumni Relations to support senior leaders' efforts to ensure an inclusive approach to philanthropy at Virginia Commonwealth University.
References
Living people
Academics from Minnesota
People from Rochester, Minnesota
University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts alumni
University of Michigan alumni
University of Cincinnati faculty
Virginia Commonwealth University faculty
American sociologists
American women sociologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Ahmadhiyya International School, previously known as Madhrasathul Ahmadhiyaa, is a Maldivian private school, which is located very close to the well known Billabong High International School.
The school he started with 60 students is now one of the topmost schools of the Maldives. The school is the official school of Machangoalhi, one of the wards (districts) of Malé, and is run by the Machangoalhi Ward Office.
History of Ahmadhiyya
President Maumoon Abdul Gayyoom met with some high ranking private entrepreneurs at Iskandhar School. Discussion sparked among them to plan the construction of a school for the children from Machchangolhi Ward, unable to attend school due to various reasons should be given the opportunity to do so. As a result, when a request was made to the president for the acquisition of a plot of land, an area of 8000sq feet was allocated soon after the land-filling projects to fuel the ever growing population of Male'
The foundation of the school was laid down by His Excellency Maumoon Abdul Gayyom on 4 June 1979. After construction time of two years, eight months and 18 days. The school was finally opened to the public on 21 February 1982 once again by the President of the Maldives. The school opens with just eight classes, an administration office, a small office for the Machchangolhi Ward Community, a water tank and three toilets. All these services were implemented thanks to the financial help from Mr. Ahmed Didi.
When the school was first open, it was made to be exclusively for the Machchangolhi Ward children whom were too poor to afford to study in other ward schools with only few seats allocated for students from other wards. After much pressure from the residents in other wards, Dr. Ahmed Didi allowed for anyone and everyone to study here. Right after this change, many students from all around Male' flocked into Ahmadhiyya. This was when the school was given the title of the most populated school in the Maldives with an student population of over 200.
Dr. Ahmed Didi and his wife Mrs. Saeeda Ibrahim provided all the 200 students with up to date textbooks, uniforms and stationary. After studying for two years in the school, students were exempted from paying anything until their studies were over.
However, with even more students enrolling into Ahmadhiyya, congestion issues began to happen. Eventually, the government provided a plot of land that was 4000sq which made the total area of the school approximately 12000 square feet.
During this expansion plan, a three-story building containing of 15 classrooms was constructed in the west along with another three-story building facing the south which increased the total class count to 28 classes. Existing facilities of the school were also upgraded such as a larger hall which had the capacity of fitting 300 students, two AV rooms, one fully equipped ICT lab, along with two prayer rooms, one each for boys and girls.
When the year 2015 came, the schools went through a re branding effort, from Madhrasathul Ahmadhiyya to the now known name of Ahmadhiyya International School. During this time, many new career choices was introduced to the higher secondary students with three new language brought into the syllabus, Arabic, French and Chinese. Once again, many upgrades were taking place such as air-conditioning the student hall, all student classrooms and laboratories. The introduction of a brand-new play set for kindergarten children along with the installation of a public announcement system on all floors.
Around late 2017 to the end of 2018, a brand-new building began construction that was an extension to the kindergarten classes. When the construction of this new building was completed at the beginning of 2019, many facilities for the lower grades were given. A multipurpose hall, 9 more classes to add for the increasing number of students, an addition prayer room to utilize the old one for 2 addition classrooms. This infrastructure also aided the school to introduce new grade classes and gain extra space sacrificing the compound area size.
Infrastructure
Ahmadhiyya stands on a plot of land around 12000 square feet which is quite small compared to other schools land area in the Maldives. Ahmadhiyya has two buildings, the western building and the southern building with the southern one being supported by a secondary building. There are two entrances made for both boys and girls respectively. The boys gate faces into the football field used by the preschool children and youths alike along with a parking lot designed to hold more than 150 motorbikes. There is a small exercise zone that is connected to the football field as well. Cars are prohibited from driving on the adjacent roads next to gates and are closely monitored by the Maldives Police Service during school times.
Admission
A student planning to continue studying here must take an admission exam. Firstly, a background check is made on the student if there were any prior suspensions or expulsion activities. When clear, the student's previous three years of academic results are scanned. If the student passes through the criteria, he is given a unique index number and a class to join to. Documents on fee prices, textbooks and uniform fabric are also handed out.
All the grades follow the same academic year pattern.
Class schedule
School sessions in Ahmadhiyya are divided into two. There is the morning session and the afternoon session.
The morning session takes place from 7 in the morning to 12.45 in the afternoon. Students from Grade 7 and 10 along with preschool children are required to attend this session.
The afternoon session takes place from 1 in the afternoon to 5. During this time, higher secondary students and kindergarten children are required to attend.
Ahmadhiyya also has established night class schedules for exam preparation and per student demand.
Education system
Ahmadhiyya has a custom syllabus that is made specially for the kindergarten and preschool children up to UKG. Afterwards, it is changed to the current Maldivian Syllabus followed to Grade 7. The Cambridge International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) is then followed in Grade 8,9 and 10. A final exam takes places beginning at October and ending midway into November. Maldivians also has the Secondary School Certificate (SSC) Syllabus which includes the subjects Islam and Dhivehi with Quran recently being removed from the syllabus.
After O' Level's, Edexel A' Levels are continued with a final exam conducted on the end of the year for Grade 11 and 12.
Uniform code
The uniform consists of black shoes and socks, the exact fabric sample given by the school as the torso with white short sleeves. This is not true for the students studying grade 11 and 12 where it is replaced with gray long sleeves. A black pair of pants are also part of the code. Students are advised to cut their hair every two to three months and trim any facial hair. This rule still applies to higher secondary but are allowed to grow their facial hair up to a certain limit.
For girls, the same white sleeves and torso pattern applies. But the trousers are replaced with black tights that are around 1-2 cm loose from the actual leg width. A gray hijab is also recommended to wear. If the student is unable to get a gray hijab, slight variation is accepted but only to that reason. For non-hijab girls, a gray ribbon is strongly advised to wear.
An activity uniform is available to both boys and girls which are almost identical. Black pants with green strips from hip to feet. Torso with the top half white and the bottom half dark gray. The sleeves are short. One fourth of the top sleeve is white while the rest is dark gray to match the torso.
Failure to follow these rules can lead to the student being sent home.
Principals
Throughout 38 years of the school standing, there has been a total of six principals that have served the school.
Mr. Abdul Rasheed Ali, he is the first ever principal of Ahmadhiyya who served from 21 February 1892 up to 15 August 1892. He once again served the school from 23 December 1986 to 9 July 1989.
Mr. Copee Mohmmad Rasheed, the second principal to serve the school from 16 August 1982 to 22 December 1986.
Mr. Abdul Sameeu Hassan, the fourth principal to serve the school. He served from 10 July 1989 all the way to 18 May 2000. During the 11 years he served the school, Sameeu introduced the system where O' Level Examinations were provided to the Grade 10. He also introduced full-time teacher jobs. During this time of school improvements, the school was given the title of being the Most Progressive School.\
Mr. Ahmed Saeed (sometimes known as Gahaa), the fifth principal to serve the school who served from 18 May 2000 to 29 August 2004. During his time, the school was achieving the best resulting in the Cambridge O' Level which the title still stands to this day.
Mr. Hassan Nashid, the sixth principal of the school who served from 9 August 2004 to 15 October 2006. He provided the fame of the school which made Ahmadhiyya inhabited with islanders from all around the Maldives.
Mr. Mohamed Rasheed, the seventh and current principal of Ahmadhiyya, who have been serving the school since 28 October 2006 making it the longest time an individual has served the role of principal in Ahmadhiyya history. He introduced many new features such as extra classes and tuition for weaker students. Rasheed began his journey of principal by joining as a teacher right after the debut of the school. His great determination, dedication and commitment gave him the title of Assistant Principal. not long after, he was promoted to Senior Principal and finally, into his Principal role.
Controversy
The biggest controversy that is present on Ahmadhiyya is the feud between students and teachers. Students have always complained about the lack of space and the recent addition to the southern building has further escalated this problem. Teachers have also complained about the students not cooperating with them. Many of the time, this is usually a problem from the students' side but many incidents have occurred that resulted in teachers quitting their jobs. Furthermore, the development of Ahmadhiyya purely stands on the grades from IGCSE O' Level results which creates unbelievable amounts of stress that can affect students greatly. This can also cause students of lower grades to feel abandoned as if their results do not matter at all.
Some parents also report the uses of clubs in Ahmadhiyya, since academic success has been a major factor in the success of Ahmadhiyya, the branch of clubs has been largely kept abandoned without many activities making it almost obsolete to even have specific ranks representing the clubs.although, continued complaints from students has instigated the student management body of the school to give way in the students' study timetables for extra curricular events such as the school cadet corps and various club activities
There has also been talk about how outdated the Ahmadhiyya website is. Many of the features are broken and major events that have taken place from 2018 are left to be forgotten without anything about it even remotely mentioned. If the official website of the school becomes this deprived of crucial information, it may affect the parent's view of this school.
References
Schools in the Maldives
Cambridge schools in the Maldives
Malé
The Stockton & Ione Railroad was from 1873 to 1876 a long narrow gauge railroad in California.
History
The Stockton & Ione Railroad Company was incorporated in 1873 to construct a narrow gauge railway from Stockton, California northwestward via Linden, California to Ione City in Amador county, covering a distance of miles.
Grading was commenced in 1874, but financial difficulties prevented the laying of track till 1875, when 18 miles were ironed. The maximum grade was 53 feet to the mile (1.0 %). The weight of rail was 40 pounds per yard (20 kg/m).
Weblinks and further literature
Andrew Brandon: Stockton & Ione Railroad.
Stockton and Copperopolis Railroad Company: Prospectus of the Stockton & Copperopolis Railroad Company, and Stockton and Ione City Railroad. 1870.
California - Legislature - Senate: Journals of the Senate and Assembly California Legislature. 1878. Page 110.
References
Railway companies established in 1873
Defunct railroads
3 ft gauge railways
Phyllonorycter occitanica is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Texas, United States.
The larvae feed on Ulmus species, including Ulmus fulva and Ulmus rubra. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
References
occitanica
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1876
Achanakal is a Badaga village in the Nilgiris district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The village is located adjacent to the Coonoor-Ooty highway in the Ketti valley. The name is believed to be derived from asinikol meaning bamboo sticks in Badaga language which formed the place before the village came into existence. Ketti valley is also considered the second steepest valley in the world. Achanakal is the largest village among the other 13 villages which are located in the valley. The village is just 3 Kilometres away from Ketti and the Lovedale railway stations.
Demographics
The village is home to 400 families. Melatty, Manapattu and the Main hatti make the village. The village is known for its celebrations of the festivals Maari Habba and Huri Habba. The Maari Habba is celebrated once in a year in the month of March or April for three days.
The village
The village has a strong sports base, especially football and is home to the Union Club Achanakal, is one of the top ranked Football teams in the district. Achanakal also boasts of its solid contribution to the Indian Army as it has produced many military personnel who serve in the borders and many other parts of the country and some players have represented Tamil Nadu state and the India National football team.
References
Villages in Nilgiris district
"Si tu pars" is a song performed by French singer M. Pokora. It serves as the fourth single from Pokora's fifth studio album À la poursuite du bonheur. It was written by Pokora, Bina and Matthieu Mendès and produced by Matthieu Mendès.
Track listing
Digital download
Si tu pars (radio version) - 3:42
Charts
Notes
2012 singles
M. Pokora songs
Songs written by M. Pokora
Songs written by Matthieu Mendès
2012 songs
EMI Records singles
Concert Classics is a live album by English band Strawbs. It was recorded in 1977 and broadcast in as part of the BBC TV series "Sight and Sound".
Track listing
"The Last Resort" (Dave Cousins, Dave Lambert, Chas Cronk)
"Ghosts" (Cousins)
"Sweet Dreams"
"Night Light"
"Guardian Angel"
"Night Light"
"No Return" (Cousins, Lambert)
"Heartbreaker" (Lambert)
"Simple Visions" (Cousins, Cronk)
"Cut Like a Diamond" (Cousins, Cronk)
"Out in the Cold/Round and Round" (Cousins)
"Hero and Heroine" (Cousins)
Personnel
Dave Cousins – vocals, acoustic guitar
Dave Lambert – vocals, electric guitar
Chas Cronk – bass guitar, acoustic guitar, vocals
Tony Fernandez – drums
Andy Richards – keyboards
Release history
References
Concert Classics on Strawbsweb
1999 live albums
Strawbs live albums
Sugarbowl-Grizzly Den Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
History
The park was established in 2000. In 1973 and 1974, Northwood Pulp and Timber Ltd. built the original trails and cabins (Raven Lake and Grizzly Den). The Ministry of Forests maintained the trails and cabins up until 2000.
Geography
The park is 24,765 hectares in size. The Grand Canyon of the Fraser represents a unique feature which has historic significance related to the "Overlanders" journey to the Cariboo gold field in the 1860s and the construction of the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway.
The park is located 95 kilometres southeast of Prince George, British Columbia.
Conservation
The park is a refuge for caribou and grizzly bears.
Recreation
The following recreational activities are available: backcountry camping and hiking, cross-country skiing, snowshoeing, fishing and hunting. There are three cabins available in both summer and winter for the public's overnight use: 8 Mile log cabin; Raven Lake cabin and Grizzly Den cabin.
See also
List of British Columbia Provincial Parks
List of Canadian provincial parks
References
Nash, Mike. Exploring Prince George: A Guide to North Central B.C. Outdoors. Rocky Mountain Books, c2004. .
External links
Sugarbowl-Grizzly Den Provincial Park and Protected Area at BC Parks
Prince George Backcountry Recreation Society
Regional District of Fraser-Fort George
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 2000
2000 establishments in British Columbia
NGC 3506 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Leo. It is located at a distance of circa 300 million light years from Earth, which, given its apparent dimensions, means that NGC 3506 is about 115,000 light years across. The galaxy has two main spiral arms, with high surface brightness, which can be traced for half a revolution before they fade. One arm splits into four spiral arcs.
Two supernovae have been observed in NGC 3506, SN 2003L (type Ic) and SN 2017dfq (type Ia, mag. 15.3). SN 2003L spectrum featured a relatively blue continuum, dominated by strong P-Cyg lines of Ca II (H and K) and Fe II and a relatively weaker Si II 635.5-nm line was also visible.
It is an isolated galaxy.
Gallery
References
External links
Spiral galaxies
Leo (constellation)
3506
06120
33379
Gare de Nancy-Ville is the main railway station serving the city Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle department, northeastern France. It is situated on the Paris–Strasbourg railway.
Services
The station is served by high speed trains to Paris and Strasbourg, and by regional trains towards Paris, Épinal, Metz, Strasbourg and Dijon.
A shuttle bus service serves the connection between Lorraine TGV station and the regional airport.
References
External links
Rechercher une fiche horaire, TER Grand Est
Railway stations in Grand Est
Buildings and structures in Nancy, France
Railway stations in France opened in 1850
Buildings and structures completed in 1856
Transport in Nancy, France
José Sánchez Moragón (born 6 October 1987 in Manacor, Balearic Islands) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
External links
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Manacor
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Mallorca
Association football goalkeepers
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
CF Reus Deportiu players
Gimnàstic de Tarragona footballers
CE L'Hospitalet players
UE Costa Brava players
Turkeyfoot was an area in Hancock County, West Virginia, United States. Named after the shape of the intersection of several roads, the Turkeyfoot oil field was located in the area.
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Rupert Howard Grove (27 March 1906 – 8 August 1982) was an Australian solicitor and a prominent Methodist and Uniting Church layman. The Australian Dictionary of Biography states that, "in the progression towards the union of the Congregational, Methodist and Presbyterian churches in Australia, Grove made a decisive impact."
Family and education
Grove was born at Dulwich Hill, New South Wales to Aphra Marian (née McCoy) and Howard Thomas Grove, a Melbourne-born architect. He attended North Sydney Boys High School and graduated from the University of Sydney with a Bachelor of Laws in 1928. The following year he was admitted as a solicitor and was made a partner in the law firm McCoy, Grove & Atkinson. The firm was founded in 1887 by Grove's maternal uncle, state parliamentarian, Richard McCoy, and closed in 2014. Grove married Ina Margaret Hulme at the Methodist Church, Gordon, in 1935.
Church affairs
Active within his local churches for over forty years, Grove served as a local preacher and lay leader. From positions of youth leadership he went on to the New South Wales Conference (1936–77) and the General Conference (1947–77) of the Methodist Church of Australasia. At conferences he became heavily involved in committee work in many and varied ways. As the Australian Dictionary of Biography states he spread himself over a broad range of responsibilities but was unified by his three principal concerns: the "sound governance of the church at all its levels; its mission to evangelise and to strengthen its influence in the community; and church union, which he believed would create a renewed and influential church."
As church union between the Methodist, Congregational, and Presbyterian churches in Australia came to fruition Grove was highly influential. In 1954 as union was in jeopardy he moved an amendment that deferred further activity. His plan of action was successful and he remained pivotal in the movement to founding the Uniting Church in Australia in 1977.
Grove was a member from 1936 of the Department of Home Missions in the Methodist Church and he was chairman of the board of the United Church in North Australia from 1972 until 1977. He was chairman of the Uniting Church's Commission for National Mission from 1977 until 1982. In Sydney he served as a lay member of the council of the Newington College from 1942 until his death in 1982.
Death and legacy
Survived by his wife and one of their two daughters (Barbara Hansford), he died at his Killara, New South Wales home and was cremated. Grove is commemorated in the naming of The Grove Room in the Newington College Chapel for his many years of service as Honorary Secretary. His son-in-law, Richard Hansford, replaced him on Newington College Council and in 2000–2001 served as its Chairman. Grove's grandson, the Rev Simon Hansford, is the moderator of the Uniting Church in Australia, Synod of New South Wales and the ACT.
References
1906 births
1982 deaths
Lawyers from Sydney
University of Sydney alumni
Australian Methodists
Uniting Church in Australia people
Australian Protestant religious leaders
Members of Newington College Council
People educated at North Sydney Boys High School
Leonardo di Bisuccio (15th century) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, who painted in the style of the school of Milan.
Bisuccio was born in Milan. He is best known for his frescoes of Christ Crowning the virgin in the memorial chapel for Giovanni Carracciolo in San Giovanni a Carbonari in Naples.
Sources
15th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Milan
Painters from Naples
Italian Renaissance painters
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
The is a mythical Japanese yōkai (ghost, phantom, or strange apparition) from western Japan.
It is supposedly a large ghostly skeleton whale and is said to be accompanied by strange birds and fish.
Legends
In one story, a fisherman tries to catch it with his harpoon but the harpoon sailed right through it and the Bake-kujira floated away. In other stories people say that the Bake-kujira brings a curse and general misfortune to the area where it is spotted.
External links
Bakekujira and Japan's Whale Cults at hyakumonogatari.com (English).
Japanese mythology
Legendary mammals
Fictional whales
Water spirits
Yōkai
pt:Anexo:Lista de artigos mínimos de Youkais#Bake-kujira
Jack McManus (born Thomas McManus, March 24, 1862 – May 26, 1905), also known as Eat 'Em Up, was a noted New York City gangster around the turn of the 20th century.
Life
Born in Boston, he was considered one of the premier boxers of the underworld, rivaled only by Monk Eastman, McManus started off as a prizefighter only to begin work in as a bouncer in the dives of Lower Manhattan, including "Suicide Hall" and "New Brighton".
Eat 'Em Up Jack became known as the right-hand man of Paul Kelly, leader of the Five Points Gang. Always dressed in the finest clothes, McManus cut a fearsome figure around New York until May 1905, when he met his end after a brawl with gangster Chick Tricker. After shooting Tricker in a street brawl outside the New Brighton dance hall, Eat 'Em Up Jack was beaten to death in the Bowery by an underworld character known as Sardinia Frank, who crept up behind the gangster and bashed in his skull with a lead pipe.
In popular culture
Eat 'Em Up Jack McManus in a minor character in the 1994 novel The Alienist by Caleb Carr.
See also
List of bare-knuckle boxers
References
Herbert Asbury, The Gangs of New York, New York, 1928
"Gang Kills 'Eat-'Em Up' Jack M'Manus," The Evening World (NYC), May 26, 1905
1905 deaths
Deaths by beating in the United States
Bare-knuckle boxers
Five Points Gang
Boxers from New York City
American male boxers
1862 births
Graham William Allen (born 11 January 1953) is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Nottingham North from 1987 to 2017. He stood down at the 2017 general election.
Early life
Born in 1953 in Aspley, Nottingham, he was educated at the local Robert Shaw Primary School and Forest Fields Grammar School in Forest Fields. He graduated from City of London Polytechnic, and received an MA from the University of Leeds.
He joined the Labour Party in 1971 whilst working as a warehouse worker. He worked from 1978 to 1983 as a Research Officer with the Labour Party. In 1982 he was elected as a councillor to the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, which he served until 1986. He was a local government officer at the Greater London Council between 1983 and 1984, before working for the trade union movement, running the first political fund ballots, and then with the GMB until his election in 1987.
Parliamentary career
Allen was elected as the Labour MP for the Nottingham North constituency at the 1987 general election, gaining the seat from the Conservative's Richard Ottaway with a majority of 1,665 votes. His majority at the 2010 general election was 8,138.
After helping to organise Tony Blair's leadership campaign, Allen was given a series of shadow portfolios, including social security, transport and the environment. After the Labour Party came to power at the 1997 general election Allen became a government whip until after the 2001 general election, when he returned to the backbenches.
Allen was liberated by his move to the backbenches, which freed him to speak out publicly on the few elements of government policy he opposed. Allen took a stand against the Iraq War, and with his Constituency Agent Ian Murphy, he stood at the forefront of a successful campaign to recall Parliament in September 2002, attempting to organise an unofficial recall if the House would not formally sit.
Allen sat on a number of parliamentary select committees, and was the Chair of the Political and Constitutional Reform Select Committee in the House of Commons from 2010 to 2015. He is also a member of the Speaker's Committee on the Electoral Commission.
Allen is a patron of Humanists UK (formerly British Humanist Association) and has campaigned against faith schools in the United Kingdom. He is an honorary associate of the National Secular Society.
Allen announced he would stand down at the 2017 general election due to ill health.
Democratic Reform
Allen was a proponent of democratic reform and supported independent local government, some proportional representation and a fully elected House of Lords. He introduced a bill calling for a written constitution in the UK.
In 1995, he wrote "Reinventing Democracy" and in November 2002 he published The Last Prime Minister: Being Honest About the UK Presidency, claiming that the UK effectively had a presidency. He argued that the Prime Minister (or 'President', as he referred to the office throughout the book) should be directly and separately elected in order for a better separation of powers. This new arrangement, he argued, would be best spelled out "in plain English" in a written constitution. Allen argues that a codified constitution would institutionalise the informal powers that the British prime minister has obtained, subsequently creating a system of checks and balances that act to limit the power of the prime minister.
Allen expanded on this in 2019, when he launched plans for a Citizens Convention on UK Democracy with cross-party support from MPs including Vince Cable, David Davis, Dominic Grieve, Caroline Lucas and Tom Watson. The Convention aims to involve millions of people in a process of recommending changes to improve democracy including a review of the Parliamentary "Second Chamber", the House of Lords, devolution and the regions, paying for politics, the voting system and a written constitution to enshrine in law things done by convention that do not currently exist in a statute.
The Convention is planned to convene in 2020 and run through to the end of 2021.
Early Intervention
Allen was a strong advocate of early intervention in social issues. He wrote "Early Intervention, good parents, great kids, better citizens" with Iain Duncan Smith in 2009. He wrote two reports for the government on the topic in 2011.
Constituency
In October 2005, Allen became the first MP to Chair a Local Strategic Partnership, which was subsequently renamed One Nottingham. Allen set it the mission of making Nottingham an "Early Intervention City".
References
External links
Graham Allen Profile at New Statesman
1953 births
Living people
Alumni of London Guildhall University
Alumni of the University of Leeds
British secularists
Councillors in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
English humanists
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Politicians from Nottingham
Transport and General Workers' Union-sponsored MPs
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
"Skinny Minnie" is a 1958 song co-written and recorded by Bill Haley and his Comets. The song was released as a Decca single which became a Top 40 chart hit in the U.S.
Background
"Skinny Minnie" was composed by Bill Haley with Milt Gabler, Rusty Keefer, and Catherine Cafra. The song was released as a Decca single, 9-30592, backed with "Sway With Me", reaching no. 22 on the Billboard chart and no. 25 on the Cash Box chart. The song was featured on the 1958 Decca album Bill Haley's Chicks. The song became a rock and roll standard which was covered by scores of bands and singers.
In 1966, Bill Haley and the Comets recorded a new version of the song as "La Flaca Miny" with Spanish lyrics sung by Bill Haley's wife Martha Velasco Haley. The song was released on the 1966 Orfeon LP Whisky A Go Go, LP-12-478. The session was recorded at Orfeon Studio A in Mexico City featuring Bill Haley on vocals, Rudy Pompilli on saxophone, Johnny Kay on lead guitar, John "Bam Bam" Lane on drums, Al Rappa on bass, Julian Bert on piano, Mike Shay on guitar, and Martha Velasco Haley on background vocals. The album was re-released on Ember as EMB 3396 in 1968 in the UK as The King of Rock Bill Haley Plays.
The 1958 recording appeared on the 1968 Decca compilation album Bill Haley's Greatest Hits! and the 1972 MCA Records career retrospective album Golden Hits.
The track appeared in the 2002 Austrian film Taxi für eine Leiche or Taxi for a Corpse.
Personnel
The recording session was by Bill Haley and His Comets at the Pythian Temple, New York City on February 6, 1958 with the following personnel:
Bill Haley (vocal and rhythm guitar)
Franny Beecher (lead guitar)
Billy Williamson (steel guitar)
Rudy Pompilli (tenor saxophone)
Johnny Grande (piano)
Al Rex (bass guitar)
Ralph Jones (drums)
Rusty Keefer (guitar)
Cover versions
Carter-Lewis and the Southerners (featuring Jimmy Page on lead guitar), March 27, 1964, Oriole CB 1919, 45 single b/w "Easy to Cry"; Your Time Is Gonna Come: The Roots of Led Zeppelin, 1964-1969 album, 2007
Tony Sheridan recorded this song four times. The first version was issued on his album My Bonnie and also included on his EP entitled Ya Ya, both credited to him and the Beat Brothers and released in Germany in 1962. Contrary to popular belief, the Beatles were not the backing group on this recording. The second version was included on his 1964 album called Just A Little Bit Of Tony Sheridan (Polydor - 46 429) and issued as a single, (Polydor NH 52 324, b/w "Sweet Georgia Brown" in Germany (this b-side backed by the Beatles) and Polydor NH 52 927, b/w "You'd Better Move On" in the UK) backed by The Bobby Patrick Big Six but credited as the Beat Brothers (This recording reached #4 on both the West Germany and Bavaria charts on December 12, 1964 as reported in the Billboard Hits of the World chart, page 19.Billboard). It was also included in the compilation album Die Neue Polydor-Starparade in November of that year. All these previous recordings were erroneously issued with the title spelled Skinny Minny. A third recording was issued as a bonus track on the CD Vagabond in 2002 (Bear Family Records) and the last, on his homonymous album, published posthumously in 2018 by the Opus 3 label.
Gerry and the Pacemakers, June, 1965, Laurie 45 single, b/w "It's Gonna Be Alright"; A side reached #23 on the Billboard Hot 100; I'll Be There U.S. album; The Best of the EMI Years (2008)
Beat Chics (featuring Jimmy Page on lead guitar), November 6, 1964, Decca F 12016, b/w "Now I Know", 45 single
Goldie & the Gingerbreads, A side 45 single, Spokane 45-4005, "Skinny Vinnie", with incorrect songwriting credit on the label, 1964
Wayne Fontana & the Mindbenders, 1965, It's Wayne Fontana and the Mindbenders album, Fontana
Johnny Hallyday, 1965, in French as "J'attends minuit"
Jimmy and the Rackets, 1964, Elite Special 9427-45, b/w "O Mona Lisa", 45 single, #1 on the German charts in 1964, 32 weeks on the charts
JD & The Expressions, Guyden 45, 2122, 1965
James Last Band on the album Non Stop Dancing 65
The Rollicks, also known as The Shouters, The Rollicks, Bear Family BCD 16478 AR, 1990
Jerry Williams, 1965, Sonet LP, Mr. Dynamite Explodes Again!, Grand Prix album Rock & Roll Time, 1968, EP
The Sonics, on 1966 album Boom
Andy and the Manhattans, Musicor 45 single, MU 1112
Teddy Lee, RCA Victor compact 33 picture sleeves single, 1967
The Rubins, also known as The Five Rubins, live, 1964
The Mummies, 1990, Rekkids; Never Been Caught album, Telstar, 2002. Rekkids 1991 45 single, 162.
Bryan Davies, Australian 45 single b/w "I Should Have Stayed in Bed", HMV, April, 1965; Barry Gibb of The Bee Gees wrote and sang backing and harmony vocals on "I Should Have Stayed in Bed"
Lee Curtis and the All-Stars, Liverpool rock group, 1964
Louis Prima, Keely Smith, Sam Butera, and The Witnesses, The Capitol Recordings; The EP Collection, 2000. Sam Butera released the song as a 1964 45 single, PR 1003-B, on Prima with "Music by Louis Prima & The Witnesses". The label has incorrect songwriting credits. The song appears on the 1961 Capitol album, 1677, The Continental Twist.
Dennis Hermann, 1980
The Lyres, 1987, Early Years Live, 1979-1983, Crypt, 1997
Snooks Eaglin, 1995, Soul's Edge album on Black Top
The Lions, 1964, 45 single b/w "Sticks and Stones", TD 246; Hit House Shake, King Beat, 1989
Peter Briggs & The Vikings, 45 single, Go!!, G-5021-B, 1966.
Sten & Stanley, 1965, Decca 45, Decca F 44503, b/w "Goldfinger"
The Watusi (band), 2009
Albert West, 1988, West & Friends album, Arcade 01 3290 61
Jumpin' Gene Simmons, Sun rockabilly singer, 1965, 45 single b/w "I'm A Ramblin' Man", HI 45-2086; Haunted House: The Complete Jumpin' Gene Simmons on Hi Records
Ray Brown & The Whispers, Australian rock group, 1964, Ray Brown & The Whispers album, Leedon LL-31646
The Liverpool 5, as The 5 Liverpools, 45 single b/w "Tokio", 1964, CBS 1623; Tokio International album, CBS 62460, 1965
The Rocking Ghosts, Danish rock band, The Rocking Ghosts album, Metronome MLP 15166, 1964
The Shanes, Swedish rock group, The Shanes, Rock-In-Beat, 2000
Johnnie Cliff Five, Die Hamburg Szene, 2001
Alan Dale, Raven RVLP15, 1963; Alan Dale and The Houserockers: The Early Masters
Bill Haley's Comets, Rock and Roll Survivors Featuring Al Rappa and Joey Welz. Bill Haley's Comets featuring Al Rappa was one of several continuation groups established after Haley's death in 1981.
The Tigers (Japanese band), Legend of The Tigers: Rare and Unreleased Tracks, 2003; The Tigers on Stage, 1967
The Team Beats, Smash! Boom! Bang!, Bear Family BCD 16466, 2001
Ricky King, Rock `n` Roll Party, Epic 26158, 1984
Larry Donn, That's What I Call a Ball, 2003, Collector/Wht
Bill Blaine and The Dynamics, Western Australian Snake Pit Rock 'N' Roll, Vol. 1, 2004; The Rockin' Years
Me and The Other Guys, 1966 45 single on Hit Cat as 102
Bill Haley Orchestra, 2008, Let the Good Times Roll album, CultSound. German tribute band.
Johnny Kay's Rockets released a recording of the song on the 2009 CD Johnny Kay: Tale of a Comet on Hydra.
Bill Haley Jr.
Jesse Robin
Lattie Moore and The Emperors, "Skinny Minnie Shimmy" b/w "You Got Me Wondering". RKR 100-200, Olympic Records Ohio, 1962.
Miki Volek and Olympic
The Blue Cats
The Hillbilly Voodoo Dolls
The Zettlers, A side 45 single, Swe Disc SWES 1105, Sweden, 1965
References
External links
Bill Haley discography
1958 songs
American rock songs
Bill Haley songs
Decca Records singles
Songs with lyrics by Milt Gabler
Songs written by Bill Haley
1958 singles
Sandra de Oliveira (born 19 September 1973) is a Brazilian handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1973 births
Living people
Brazilian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Handball players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
An Na (born 1972) is a South Korea-born American children's book author. She gained success with her first novel A Step From Heaven, published by Front Street Press in 2001, which won the annual Michael L. Printz Award from the American Library Association recognizing the year's "best book written for teens, based entirely on its literary merit". It was also a finalist for the National Book Award, Young People's Literature, and later found its way onto numerous "best book" lists.
Life
Na grew up in San Diego, California, and has a bachelor of arts from Amherst College. Starting her career as a middle school English and History teacher, Na turned to writing novels after taking a young adult literature class while enrolled in an M.F.A. program at Vermont College of Fine Arts. She divides her time between Oakland, California and Warren, Vermont, and makes frequent visits to middle schools to talk about her works and encourages young Asian-American students to become artists and harness their creativity.
Influences
Na cites Frank McCourt's Angela's Ashes and Sandra Cisneros's The House on Mango Street among the influences on her writing and also admires the work of Madeleine L'Engle and of her first writing teacher, Jacqueline Woodson.
Works
A Step From Heaven (2001)
Wait For Me (2006)
The Fold (2008)
Akbar : The Great Emperor of India
The Place Between Breaths (2018)
See also
References
Teaching Multicultural Literature, Workshop 4, Authors and Literary Works, Biography
Interview with Young Adult Author An Na
External links
Biography from the international literature festival berlin
1972 births
American children's writers
American writers of Korean descent
Michael L. Printz Award winners
Amherst College alumni
Vermont College of Fine Arts alumni
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
People from Washington County, Vermont
Writers from Oakland, California
American writers of young adult literature
American women children's writers
21st-century American women
Holger is a Scandinavian masculine given name derived from the Old Norse name Hólmgeirr, a compound of hólmr meaning "island", and geirr meaning "spear". It is most common amongst Danish people. It is uncommon as a surname, but is found as Holkeri in Finnish. People with the name include:
Holger Albrechtsen (1906–1992), Norwegian hurdler
Holger Badstuber, German footballer
Holger Behrendt, German gymnast and Olympic champion
Holger Börner (1931–2006), German politician
Holger Cahill (1887–1960), American, National Director of the Federal Art Project
Holger Chen, Taiwanese YouTuber
Holger Crafoord (1908–1982), Swedish industrialist who established the Crafoord Prize
Holger Czukay, German musician
Holger Drachmann (1846–1908), Danish poet and dramatist
Holger Fach, German football player and manager
Holger Glandorf, German former professional handballer
Holger Granström (1917–1941), Finnish ice hockey player
Holger Gustafsson, Swedish politician
Holger Hansen (1929–2015), Danish politician and academic
Holger Juul Hansen, Danish actor
Holger Henning (1905–1981), Swedish Navy vice admiral
Holger Hieronymus (born 1959), German football player
Holger Hiller, German musician
Holger Hott, Norwegian athletic
Holger Löwenadler (1904–1977), Swedish film actor
Hólger Matamoros (born 1985), Ecuadorian football player
Holger Bech Nielsen, Danish physicist
Holger K. Nielsen, Danish politician
Holger Osieck, German football coach
Hólger Quiñónez (born 1962), Ecuadorian football player
Holger Romander (1921-2020), Swedish civil servant
Holger Simon Paulli (1810–1891), Danish conductor and composer
Holger Pedersen (linguist) (1867–1953), Danish linguist
Holger Pedersen (astronomer) (born 1946), Danish astronomer
Holger Petersen, Canadian businessman, record producer and radio broadcaster
Holger Rasmusen (1894–1983), American politician
Holger Roed (1846–1874), Danish painter
Holger Sundström (born 1925), Swedish sailor
Holger Thiele (1878–1946), Danish-American astronomer
Holger Vitus Nødskov Rune (born 2003), Danish tennis player
References
Masculine given names
Danish masculine given names
Scandinavian masculine given names
German masculine given names
Norwegian masculine given names
Swedish masculine given names
The February 2010 Khyber bombing was a suicide bombing in Khyber Agency in Pakistan, on February 10, 2010. At least 19 people including 13 policemen were killed in a suicide bomb attack against a police patrol.
Background
Khyber Agency is located in North West Pakistan. It is on the main supply route for NATO forces stationed in Afghanistan. It has seen several militant attacks against convoys carrying supplies in the past.
Attack
According to officials a local police officer Zurmat Khan appeared to be the target of the attack. Zurmat Khan had been nominated for a gallantry award Tamgha-i-Jurat which was to have been given on March 23. He had been previously awarded Rs 350,000 for his bravery in a prior operation against Taliban. He was leading a patrol when the suicide bomber ran towards his vehicle and detonated himself. Militants had earlier attacked his home but no one was injured in that attack. The attack happened on the road NATO uses to supply troops in Afghanistan.
Aftermath
No group has yet claimed responsibility for this attack. A senior police officer in Peshawar stated the most likely the bombing was carried out by Taliban in retaliation for killing of Hakimullah Mehsud. Altaf Hussain chief of Muttahida Qaumi Movement strongly condemned the blast and expressed his grief. Rehmatullah Kakar Pakistan's Minister for Housing and Works also condemned the attack
See also
List of terrorist incidents, 2010
List of terrorist incidents in Pakistan since 2001
References
2010 murders in Pakistan
Mass murder in 2010
Suicide car and truck bombings in Pakistan
Terrorist incidents in Pakistan in 2010
Khyber District
Crime in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
February 2010 events in Pakistan
Empal gepuk (Sundanese) or sometimes simply known just as empal or gepuk is an Indonesian sweet and spicy fried beef dish. This dish is commonly popular in Java island, but can trace its origin to Sundanese cuisine of West Java, Indonesia.
Ingredients
The beef preferably used in this dish is shank part. First the beef is boiled until medium well, then being cut quite thick along the muscle fiber into half-palm size. Then using stone pestle and mortar, the beef pieces are beaten mildly to loosen the meat fibers and spread its size a little bit. The spices used in this dish are ground shallot, garlic, chili pepper, coriander, palm sugar and salt, mixed with bruised lemongrass, galangal, daun salam (Indonesian bay leaf), a little coconut milk and turmeric water. The meat pieces are cooked with the spices well until the spice are absorbed into the meat and the stock evaporate. Then the meat pieces are fried in coconut oil until the color darken and the meat is done. Empal gepuk is sprinkled with bawang goreng (fried shallot) and served with steamed rice. This fried beef dish tastes succulent with mild sweetness acquired from palm sugar and a hint of spiciness.
Gallery
See also
Empal gentong
Rendang
References
External links
Empal gepuk recipe
Sundanese cuisine
Beef dishes
Fried foods
David Švagrovský (born December 21, 1984) is a Czech former professional ice hockey player. He most notably played in the Czech Extraliga (ELH).
Playing career
He was selected by the Colorado Avalanche in the 4th round (131st overall) of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft from the major junior club, the Seattle Thunderbirds of the Western Hockey League. Švagrovský played his first three professional seasons with Avalanche affiliates in the North American minor leagues, before returning to the Czech Republic for the majority of his playing career.
Švagrovský played with HC Slavia Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.
On May 11, 2012, in need of a new challenge after four seasons with HC Berounští Medvědi, Švagrovský signed a two-year contract to remain in the Czech first division with rivals HC Hradec Králové.
After the completion of the 2016–17 season with HC Litoměřice, Švagrovský ended his 13-year professional career, accepting a scouting position on August 28, 2017.
Career statistics
References
External links
1984 births
Albany River Rats players
Arizona Sundogs players
Czech ice hockey forwards
Colorado Avalanche draft picks
Colorado Eagles players
HC Kometa Brno players
Living people
Lowell Lock Monsters players
HC Dynamo Pardubice players
San Diego Gulls (ECHL) players
Seattle Thunderbirds players
HC Slavia Praha players
HC Sparta Praha players
Sportspeople from Prague
is a train station in Nichinan, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by of JR Kyushu and is on the Nichinan Line.
Lines
The station is served by the Nichinan Line and is located 23.3 km from the starting point of the line at .
Layout
The station consists of an island platform serving two tracks on a sidehill cutting grade. The station building is a functional wooden structure of modern design which is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room. Access to the island platform is by means of a level crossing. From the access road, a flight of steps leads up the cutting to the station building. There is no station forecourt and no parking available at the foot of steps.
Adjacent stations
History
The private (later renamed the Miyazaki Railway) opened a line on 31 October 1913 between and Uchiumi (a station of the same name but at a different location from this present one). The line and its stations closed when the Miyazaki Railway ceased operations on 1 July 1962. Subsequently, Japanese National Railways (JNR) extended its then Shibushi Line north from towards Minami-Miyazaki using largely the same route. The linkup, which included the reopening of several previously closed stations, was completed on 8 May 1963, and inc whereupon the route was renamed the Nichinan Line. Ibii was one of several new intermediate stations which were also opened on the same day. With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR Kyushu.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2016, the station was used by an average of 14 passengers (boarding only) per day.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Ibii (JR Kyushu)
Railway stations in Miyazaki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1963
Basco is an unincorporated community in the town of Montrose, in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States. Basco is located less than 15 miles from Madison.
The community is named for Basco, Illinois. It once had a post office, which opened in September 1889.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Dane County, Wisconsin
Madison, Wisconsin, metropolitan statistical area
The 2019 NAB League Boys season was the 28th season of the NAB League Boys competition; the NAB League (formerly known as the TAC Cup) is an under-19 Australian rules football representative competition held in Victoria, Australia. The season started on the 23rd of March and concluded with the 2019 NAB League Grand Final on September 21st. Oakleigh Chargers defeated Eastern Ranges by 53 points in the grand final, earning that team's fifth premiership.
Ladder
Finals series
Finals Week 1
Finals Week 2
Finals Week 3
Finals Week 4
Grand Final
Academy Series
This was the first season the NAB AFL Academy Series was incorporated into the NAB League. The series was fixtured for the three northern state academy teams, NT Thunder and Tasmania, with the team that finishes on top of the academy-specific ladder crowned the winners. The winners of the series were the Gold Coast Suns.
Ladder
References
NAB League
Nab League
Yevgeniy Shidlovskiy (; ; born 13 January 1991) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for Smolevichi.
On 16 January 2020, the BFF banned Shidlovskiy for 12 months for his involvement in the match fixing.
References
External links
Profile at FC Gorodeya website
1991 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino players
FC Lida players
FC Vitebsk players
FC Granit Mikashevichi players
FC Gorodeya players
FC Smolevichi players
Basnet/Basnyat () is a surname of Khasas of Nepal and India.
It is found among Jharra Chhetri community.
There are five different branches of Basnets in Nepal:
The Shreepali (Sripali) Jumli Basnets of Jumla bharadwaja later Gorkha.
The Khaptari (Khaptadi) Basnet of Khaptad Kaushik gotriya were the kings of the Khaptad region within the greater Khas kingdom before the Malla dynasty came to power. The Khaptad kingdom was established by the Khas warriors and the great grandson of King Baldev Singh, the grandson of King Sangram Singh and the last son of Ajaya Singh, who was popularly known as 'Rahol', Bir Bhotu Singh was honored as "Basnyat" by his father. Therefore Bir Bhotu Singh is considered to be the first Basnyat from Khaptadi Basnyat lineage. 'Rudra', the ferocious form of Lord Shiva and Mahakali are commonly worshipped among them. 'Khappar Maha Ista' is the clan's ‘kuldevi' or primary deity. In the modern era, Commanding Colonel Pahalman Singh Basnyat was entitled as Shree (1) Raja, a recognition given to him for his ancestral rule over the greater Khaptad region in addition to his successful role as a military commander during the second campaign against Tibet.
The Lamichhane; Garga gotriya Basnets
Notable people with surname Basnet
References
Surnames of Nepalese origin
Nepali-language surnames
Stryd-y-Facsen is a hamlet in the community of Llanfachraeth, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 139.2 miles (224 km) from Cardiff and 223.1 miles (359.1 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Aramus paludigrus is an extinct species of limpkin, semi-aquatic birds related to crane (order Gruiformes), which are similar. Aramus paludigrus was found in the famous Konzentrat-Lagerstätte of the Honda Group at La Venta, dating from the mid-Miocene period, in central Colombia.
Description
This bird was described in 1997 based on a nearly complete tibiotarsus bone, very similar to its modern relative, the limpkin Aramus garaudana, although this element measured about long, which implies a 20% larger size. It also differs from the modern species in which this bone has larger lateral condyles, the axis of the bone is longer and narrower, very similar to that found in modern trumpeters (Psophia). The general structure of this animal should not very different from the modern limpkins, being a rather sedentary bird (no remains are known from other parts of South America), and what is known of the strata in which he found, had to wade through swamps in search of snails, insects and bivalves to feed on them, that led to their scientific name, as in Greek paludigrus can be translated as "marsh crane."
See also
Honda Group
References
Gruiformes
Miocene birds of South America
Laventan
Neogene Colombia
Fossils of Colombia
Honda Group, Colombia
Fossil taxa described in 1997
The women's 60 metres hurdles event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 March in San Sebastián.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
60 metres hurdles at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
60
Euro
Prasat Sikhoraphum () is a Khmer temple located in Thailand, located between the cities of Surin and Sisaket. It was built in the 12th century by King Suryavarman II for Hindu worship.
The temple is composed of five sandstone and brick towers, on a base made of laterite. There are sandstone bas-reliefs on the main tower depicting Shiva, Brahma, Ganesha, Vishnu and Uma. The door frames have sets of apsaras, devatas and dvarapalas. The temple was converted for use by Buddhists in the 16th century. Architectural contributions influenced by Laos are evident on the tower roofs. The name comes from the Sanskrit word of South India shikhara, meaning tower sanctuary.
Gallery
References
Michael Freeman, A guide to Khmer temples in Thailand & Laos, Rivers Books, 1996
Michael Freeman, Palaces of the Gods: Khmer Art & Architecture in Thailand, River Books, 2001
Yoshiaki Ishizawa, Along The Royal Roads To Angkor, Weatherhill, 1999
Claude Jacques and Philippe Lafond, The Khmer Empire, River Books, 2007
Vittorio Roveda, Images of the gods: khmer mythology in Cambodia, Thailand and Laos, River Books, 2005
Betty Gosling, Origins of thai art, River Books, 2004
Carte animée de l'empire khmer de 100 à 1500 AD
External links
Angkorian sites in Thailand
Buildings and structures in Surin province
Pupung is a daily comic strip created by Filipino cartoonist Washington "Tonton" Young. Appearing in the broadsheet Manila Bulletin, the strip revolves around its title character, a young boy, and his family and household. Pupung's family maintains a lugawan, a restaurant which mainly serves rice congee (Filipino lugaw) dishes.
History
Pupung debuted as My Little Pupung in the newspaper Tempo on December 15, 1983. The strip later moved to Times Journal, where it remained until January 1986, when Young was fired after spoofing a radio campaign advertisement for then President Ferdinand Marcos. Soon after the First EDSA Revolution in February 1986, Young moved to the Manila Bulletin, where the strip appears to this day.
Originally printed in black and white, it has been published in color in recent years.
Several book-length compilations have been published, starting with The Best of Pupung in 1992. Succeeding compilations have been titled sequentially (The Best of Pupung 2, The Best of Pupung 3, etc.), although the tenth in the series is designated as The Best of Pupung 0 as it featured many early strips; the designated tenth compilation that would continue the sequential order of publications was eventually released three years after The Best of Pupung 0.
Characters
Pupung: the title character. He is a generally well-mannered young boy of unknown age. Among the main characters, he is the only child; he is also mostly the voice of reason to the many adult characters in the strip. He is based on the cartoonist's nephew, Jeff Young.<ref name = "The Best of Pupung 2">Pupung </ref>
Daddy: Pupung's bespectacled father. Having an unknown profession and at times running the lugawan, he is also hardworking and caring for his son. He is mostly based on Young himself, though the cartoonist never voices out through this character. Young was caricatured in another Filipino comic strip, Pugad Baboy by Pol Medina, Jr.; his caricature of Young resembles Pupung's father.
Mommy: Pupung's caring mother. She worked in the United States for an indeterminate number of time, but has since returned to be with her family. She appeared in the first strip of the series in 1983, but has made sporadic appearances between then and the mid-1990s. While Mommy is based from Young's sister, Jeff's mother, her return from her long-term absence mirrors the cartoonist's marriage to Liberty Lacson in 1995.
Dom (sometimes Domingo or Lolo Dom): Pupung's grandfather (lolo) and Daddy's father. He directly manages the lugawan and attempts to set up various other businesses for additional income. Bald and having a prominent long chin, Dom is mostly amiable, but is also prone to anger when his appearance is made fun of. He is also prone to lust after younger women (thus he is nicknamed a "dirty old man", or "D.O.M.").
Day (or rarely Inday) is the household maid who also works as a helper in the lugawan and Pupung's guardian. She is obese and gluttonous, and even somewhat lazy. Despite her obesity, she is very strong, as she can lift heavy objects with ease. Her often short temper leads to several quarrels. She is often shown stealing food for her own consumption. Day is based on Young's own housemaid. According to one comic strip, Dom reveals that she was as thin as Olive Oyl; she only became obese due to her habit of eating most of their food.
Jordan is the household's dwarf servant who also works in the lugawan. He has the same height as Pupung, but his mustache gives away his age. He is frequently at odds with Day. He also has prominent upper teeth, resembling fangs. Often his diminutive size is used for jokes.
Lelong is Pupung's great-grandfather (lelong is used similar to lolo) and father to Dom, whom he resembles. His advanced age and gaunt, withered appearance are subjects for humor.
Larry Bird is the family pet, a wisecracking parrot who often mocks the other characters.
Minor characters include Doglas, a pet dog, various other pets and relatives of Day and Jordan.
Style
Besides domestic life, Pupung also focuses on Philippine pop culture and business trends, as well as the cartoonist's fascination with basketball. The strip very rarely tackles political issues.
The humor of the strip mostly depends on slapstick, visual gags and juxtaposition of familiar images, either resulted by a mishap or as part of several characters' plans. The strip also uses verbal humor, usually puns. Jokes often revolve on the physical attributes of the characters, such as Dom's chin size, Day's weight problem or Jordan's height.
The humor used in the strip is lighter than other Filipino comic strips which gives it a family-oriented theme. Tonton Young's younger brother Alex used the same light-hearted brand of humour in his own comic strip, Pro Kids.
Restaurant
A restaurant based on the comic strip was opened by Dennis Nakpil in 1986. The restaurant started as an open-air stand which served Filipino dishes such as tapsilog, tosilog, and goto with egg.
A branch operates at the SM Mall of Asia under the name Pupung & Friends. It features more Filipino dishes on the menu, such as pork sisig and lechon kawali''. It even has montages of the comic strip on the walls.
See also
Philippine comics
List of Filipino komik artists
References
1983 comics debuts
Comics characters introduced in 1983
Male characters in comics
Child characters in comics
Philippine culture
Philippine comic strips
Manila Bulletin
Gag-a-day comics
Filipino comics characters
Comics set in the Philippines
Shaike Ophir (; November 4, 1928 – August 17, 1987) was an Israeli film and theater actor, comedian, playwright, screenwriter, director, and the country's first mime.
Early life
Yeshayahu (Shaike) Goldstein-Ophir was born in Jerusalem. His family were Masortiim, and his Ashkenazi Jewish ancestry in the city goes back to the mid-19th century.
He studied acting as an adolescent, but left school in the 1940s to enlist in the Palmach. During the 1948 Arab-Israeli War he escorted convoys to the besieged city of Jerusalem, and took part in naval battles.
Career
Thanks to his comic skills he was accepted to the Chezbatron, an army entertainment troupe.
In the 1950s, he made a name for himself as a multi-talented performer. He had even recorded a few hit songs during this period.
During the late 1950s and early 1960s Ophir occasionally guest-starred in American TV shows such as Shirley Temple's Storybook and Alfred Hitchcock Presents (in the episode "The Waxwork," where he was billed as Shai K. Ophir). Ophir acted in 28 films, wrote, directed and starred in several variety shows and was an accomplished mime, appearing alongside Marcel Marceau. He reached the peak of his international fame in the title role of Ha-Shoter Azoulay (literally, Policeman Azoulay, translated as The Policeman), a film-vehicle by Ephraim Kishon which won a Golden Globe for Best Foreign-Language Film (1972) and was nominated for a Best Foreign Language Academy Award the same year. He also starred in other Ephraim Kishon films, including Ervinka, Blaumilch Canal and The Fox in the Chicken Coop, and the 1973 Moshé Mizrahi film Daughters, Daughters. In 1977 he starred opposite Melanie Griffith in The Garden.
In 1985, Ophir starred in a stage adaptation of Janusz Korczak's children's novel King Matt the First, where he played seven different roles. The children's play was very successful and ran for three years. Over this period Ophir was diagnosed with lung cancer, to which he succumbed in 1987. Ophir was a theatrical director for HaGashash HaHiver. He also directed the Israeli movie Hamesh Ma'ot Elef Shahor, and wrote the screenplay for 4 Israeli movies. He wrote and performed many sketches and comedy routines, many of which are still popular in Israel today. He also did a series of Arabic-instruction TV programs that ran through the 1980s.
He also appeared in the Chuck Norris film, The Delta Force.
Personal life
Ophir was married twice and had four children, two from each spouse. His daughter, Karin Ophir, is also an actress.
Shaike Ophir, a heavy smoker, died from lung cancer in 1987.
Filmography
1956: B'Ein Moledet
1956: Ma'aseh B'Monit .... Soldier
1963: El Dorado .... Shneider
1964: Shemona B'Ekevot Ahat
1964: Hor B'Levana
1964: Dalia Vehamalahim
1966: Moishe Ventilator
1967: Ervinka .... The Sergeant
1968: Ha-Shehuna Shelanu
1969: Blaumilch Canal .... Police Officer
1971: The Policeman .... Constable Sgt. Abraham Azulai
1972: Shod Hatelephonim Hagadol
1973: Daughters, Daughters .... Sabbatai Alfandari
1973: The House on Chelouche Street .... Haim
1975: Yi'ihiyeh Tov Salmonico
1975: Diamonds .... Moshe
1977: Hamesh Ma'ot Elef Shahor
1977: The Garden .... Avram
1977: Gonev Miganav Patoor
1977: Operation Thunderbolt .... Gadi Arnon
1978: Ha-Shu'al B'Lool Hatarnagalot .... Amitz Dolniker
1979: The Magician of Lublin .... Schmul
1979: Ta'ut Bamispar .... Superintendent Moshe Cohen
1985: King Solomon's Mines .... Kassam
1986: The Delta Force .... Father Nicholas
1986: America 3000 .... Lelz
1987: Sleeping Beauty .... Master Elf (final film role)
Awards and commemoration
The Israeli Film Academy award is named the "Ophir Award" in his honor.
References
External links
Shaike Ophir, filmography
1928 births
1987 deaths
Israeli male comedians
Israeli male film actors
Jewish Israeli male actors
Israeli male stage actors
Israeli male television actors
Israeli entertainers
Ashkenazi Jews in Mandatory Palestine
Male actors from Jerusalem
Palmach members
20th-century Israeli male actors
20th-century Israeli comedians
Deaths from lung cancer in Israel
Burials at Nahalat Yitzhak Cemetery
William Thomas McCann Sr. (September 23, 1919 – July 27, 2002) was an American college basketball coach. He served as head basketball coach at Hampden–Sydney College, Washington and Lee University and the University of Virginia.
McCann played basketball and baseball at Virginia. Following his college playing career, he became a high school coach and worked his way up to head coaching positions at Hampden–Sydney and Washington and Lee. He then was named head coach at Virginia in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) in 1957. McCann resigned after the 1962–63 season. His record at Virginia was 40–106.
McCann died on July 27, 2002 at age 82.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Coaching record @ sports-reference.com
1919 births
2002 deaths
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Virginia
Basketball players from Richmond, Virginia
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Hampden–Sydney Tigers basketball coaches
High school basketball coaches in the United States
Virginia Cavaliers baseball players
Virginia Cavaliers men's basketball coaches
Virginia Cavaliers men's basketball players
Washington and Lee Generals men's basketball coaches
The following lists events that have happened in 1828 in the Sublime State of Persia.
Incumbents
Monarch: Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar
Events
Russo-Persian War (1826–28) finished.
February 10 – Treaty of Turkmenchay was signed between Persia and Russia.
References
Persia
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1820s in Iran
Persia
Brian P. Flannery is a physicist who variously worked as an astrophysicist and as a climate modeller for ExxonMobil. He is known for being a co-author of Numerical Recipes, a widely used series of textbooks describing useful algorithms.
Flannery obtained his undergraduate degree in astrophysics from Princeton University in 1970 and his doctorate from the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1974, under the supervision of John Faulkner. As an astrophysicist, he published work on cataclysmic variable stars and other interacting binaries until 1982.
In 1980, he joined ExxonMobil as a climate modeler and subsequently became a manager in 1998. He previously participated in Working Group III of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and continues to contribute to research on the mitigation of climate change. He has at times been accused of participating in effort's by ExxonMobil to undermine action against climate change.
References
Living people
University of California, Santa Cruz alumni
Princeton University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
South Korean boy band iKon released four studio albums, four extended plays, one compilation album, one live album, one single album and eighteen singles.
Albums
Studio albums
Reissues
Compilation albums
Live albums
Extended plays
Single albums
Singles
Other charted songs
Notes
References
Discographies of South Korean artists
Hip hop discographies
Discography
Pop music discographies
Rajko (, ) is a masculine given name and may refer to:
Rajko Aleksić (born 1947), former Serbian football defender
Rajko Brežančić (born 1989), Serbian footballer
Rajko Ray Bogdanović (born 1979), Serbian engineer for information technologies
Rayko Daskalov (1886–1923), Bulgarian interwar politician of the Bulgarian Agrarian People's Union (BAPU)
Rajko Dodic (born 1952), Canadian politician, mayor of Lethbridge, Alberta
Rajko Doleček (born 1925), Czech doctor and writer
Rajko Đurić (1947–2020), Serbian Romani writer and academic
Rajko Grlić (born 1947), Croatian film director and producer
Rajko Igić (born 1937), Serbian doctor and scientist
Rajko Janjanin (born 1957), former Serbian football player
Rajko Jokanović (born 1971), Serbian volleyball player
Rajko Kojić (1956–1997), Serbian and former Yugoslav guitarist, played with band Riblja Čorba
Rajko Kuzmanović (born 1931), Serb politician in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Rajko Lekić (born 1981), Danish footballer
Rajko Ljubič, Bačkan ethnic Croat film director from Subotica, Serbia
Rajko Magić (born 1955), Croatian football manager
Rajko Mitić (1922–2008), Serbian football player and coach
Rajko Mueller or Isolée, microhouse artist
Rajko Ostojić (born 1962), Croatian physician and politician
Rajko Pavlovec (born 1932), Slovene professor of geology, specialist in paleontology, stratigraphy, regional geology
Rajko Perušek (1854–1917), Slovene writer, translator, linguist and bibliographer
Rajko Pirnat (born 1951), Slovene politician, lawyer and professor, former Minister of Justice of Slovenia
Rajko Prodanović (born 1986), Serbian handballer
Rajko Ray Radović (born 1978), fitness record-holder, BBC Last Man Standing, songwriter
Rajko od Rasine (1413–1441), Serbian nobleman that had the title of Grand Čelnik
Rajko Rep (born 1990), Slovenian football midfielder
Rajko Tavčar (born 1974), Slovenian football player
Rajko Toroman (born 1955), Serbian professional basketball coach
Rajko Uršič (born 1981), Slovenian futsal player
Rajko Vujadinović (born 1956), retired footballer
Rayko Zhinzifov (1839–1877), Bulgarian National Revival poet and translator
Rajko Žižić (1955–2003), Montenegrin basketball player from Milojevići, Nikšić
See also
Rajković
Rajkoviće
Rajkovac (disambiguation)
Rajkowo
Rajkowy
Slavic masculine given names
Bulgarian masculine given names
Serbian masculine given names
