Alford T. Welch is a Professor of Religious Studies at Michigan State University. Welch got his Ph.D. degree in Arabic and Islamic Studies from the University of Edinburgh in 1970. He also holds a M.Div. degree on Biblical language, literature and Near Eastern history from Southern Baptist Theological Seminary. Welch's research areas include History of religions, and Arabic and Islamic studies.
References
External links
Homepage
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Religious studies scholars
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Michigan State University faculty
Colonel Ba Htoo (; 1916 – 2 June 1945) was an officer in the Burma National Army. He is perhaps most well known for his leadership in driving out Japanese forces from Upper Myanmar during World War II. Having declared war on the Japanese forces on the 8 March 1945, then-Major Ba Htoo took victory in around 20 battles, which alongside a successive campaign launched by General Aung San on 27 March and assaults by the Allied Forces, ultimately resulted in the defeat and expulsion of Japanese forces from Myanmar and the end of over 100 years of colonial rule. However, as Major Ba Htoo and his forces drove the Japanese from Mandalay and into southern Shan State, he contracted severe malaria and, aged 29, died from the disease in the town of Aungban, Shan State, 2 June 1945. Unbeknownst to Ba Htoo at the time of his death, he had been promoted to the rank of Colonel by General Aung San, as outlined in a letter.
A monument commemorating Colonel Ba Htoo and the other Burmese soldiers that fell during the war in Upper Myanmar was erected in Aungban 13 days following the Colonel's death. A sports stadium, Bahtoo Memorial Stadium, in Mandalay, Myanmar, and Major Ba Htoo Bridge, which connects North Okkalapa and North Dagon, are named in honour of the colonel.
References
1916 births
1945 deaths
Burmese people of World War II
People from Shan State
Burmese military personnel of World War II
Military personnel killed in World War II
Deaths from malaria
Halina Maria Frąckowiak (born 10 April 1947 in Poznań) is a Polish pop and rock singer, composer and author.
Career
In 2008, she recorded a new version of her hit "Papierowy księżyc" alongside the band Muchy.
Personal life
She is associated with the political scientist , with whom she has a son, Filip Frąckowiak.
In 1990, on the way to a concert in Gorzów Wielkopolski, she had a serious road accident in which she broke both her legs and suffered facial harm from broken glass. Although the facial injuries healed relatively quickly with no visible scars, the leg injuries were more serious and required weeks of treatment and months of rehabilitation.
In 2010, she joined a committee endorsing Jarosław Kaczyński for President of Poland.
Discography
1974 Idę
1977 Geira (backed by SBB)
1981 Ogród Luizy (with Józef Skrzek)
1983 Serca gwiazd
1987 Halina Frąckowiak
2005 Przystanek bez drogowskazu… Garaże gwiazd
References
External links
Official website
Recipients of the Medal of the Centenary of Regained Independence
1947 births
Recipients of the Bronze Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis
Recipients of the Silver Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis
Musicians from Poznań
Living people
Julyan Sinclair is an Orcadian television and radio presenter. He won a BAFTA in 2002 for "Best New Television Presenter" for his work on various Scottish Television arts and entertainment programmes.
Television career
He has previously hosted Scotsport, along with Jim Delahunt and Sarah O, on STV. Both Sinclair and Sarah O'Flaherty left the programme in 2006, with Jim Delahunt leaving shortly after. Sinclair has also directed network television programmes.
Julyan has appeared as a guest presenter on STV's daily lifestyle show The Hour on a few occasions, alongside main anchor Michelle McManus since November 2009. The Scottish magazine programme airs weekdays at 5pm.
Radio
Sinclair was an overseas correspondent for US and Australian radio stations, having spent a year in the US working for a radio station, and being employed at Triple J (the Australian version of the UK's Radio 1) during his time down under.
Sinclair hosted the XFM Scotland breakfast show until 7 November 2008 when XFM Scotland became part of the Galaxy Network and was renamed Galaxy Scotland.
Writing
Sinclair also writes for tabloids and broadsheets.
References
1976 births
Living people
People from Orkney
Scottish television presenters
Robert Neilson (17 November 1874 – 16 July 1946) was a Scotland international rugby union player.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
He also played for West of Scotland FC.
Provincial career
He was capped for Glasgow District in 1898.
International career
He was capped six times for between 1898 and 1900.
Administrative career
He was President of the Scottish Rugby Union for the period 1923 to 1924.
Family
His father was James Neilson, an Ironmaster and second cousin of Walter Montgomerie Neilson and his mother was Jane Thomson, daughter of George Thomson, the famous Glasgow shipbuilder. He attended Merchiston Castle School.
He was the brother of George, Gordon and Willie Neilson who were also capped for Scotland. In 1891, he made his debut, along with his brother George in the game against – it is the only time that brothers have debuted together for Scotland, with the exception of the joint debut of Gavin and Scott Hastings. One of the four Neilson brothers played in each of the twenty five matches between Willie and George's debut in 1891, until 1899, when Robert had to withdraw from the Calcutta Cup line-up after breaking his nose. Robert played another match in 1900.
Along with his brothers, Willie and George, he was a president of the Scottish Rugby Union.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Thorburn, Sandy The History of Scottish Rugby
1878 births
1946 deaths
People educated at Merchiston Castle School
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Robert
West of Scotland FC players
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
Rugby union players from South Lanarkshire
Red Rock Peak () is a peak rising to 2,000 m about 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) north-northwest of Thomson Peak in the south part of Mirabito Range, Victoria Land. The name is descriptive of the rock at the peak and was given by Bradley Field, geologist, New Zealand Geological Survey, a member of a New Zealand Antarctic Research Program (NZARP) geological party to the area, 1980–81.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Macun, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Harry E. Richter (23 April 1847 – 15 December 1911) was an American politician. Between 1899 and 1903 he served as Lieutenant Governor of Kansas.
Life
Harry Richter was born in Vermillion in Ohio. He attended schools in Hamilton, Ohio and Rushville, Indiana. In 1864 he joined the Union Army and served until the end of the Civil War. After the war he studied pharmacy and became a druggist. In 1871 he moved to Council Grove, Kansas, where he started a political career. He joined the Republican Party and became a member of the city council and the education board of Council Grove. For a while he was also sheriff in Morris County, Kansas. In this function he fought successfully against crimes and violation. Richter was then a three term mayor of Council Grove. He also served three terms as a member and as president of the board of directors of the state prison. For two years he held a seat in the Kansas House of Representatives and for four years he was a member of the State Senate.
In 1898 Harry Richter was elected to the office of the Lieutenant Governor of Kansas. After a re-election in 1900 he served two terms in this position between 9 January 1899 and 12 January 1903 when his second term ended. In this function he was the deputy of Governor William E. Stanley. In 1902 he ran unsuccessfully for his party's nomination for the governor's office. Richter was also a member of the Grand Army of the Republic and he was engaged in various business enterprises. He died on 15 December 1911 in Emporia, Kansas.
External links
The Political Graveyard
The Lieutenant-Governors of Kansas
Online Biography
1847 births
1911 deaths
Lieutenant Governors of Kansas
Kansas Republicans
People from Ashland County, Ohio
People from Council Grove, Kansas
John Rognes (born 28 April 1966 in Oslo) is a Norwegian mathematician. He is a professor at the Department of Mathematics at the University of Oslo.
Rognes mathematical talent was visible from a young age; in 1984 he won a bronze medal at the International Mathematical Olympiad in Prague.
As a 19-year-old, he received his master's degree. He then went to Princeton University, where he received a PhD as a 24-year-old with the dissertation "The Rank Filtration in Algebraic K-theory".
In 1994, Rognes became an associate professor at Oslo, and in 1998 he was promoted to the rank of professor. He became Norway's youngest professor of mathematics. Rognes' research is about topological mathematics and algebraic K-theory. In 2004, he became one of the 26 who received a five-year scholarship as a Young Outstanding Researcher from the Research Council of Norway. From 2010 to 2014 was the editor of Acta Mathematica. In 2014, he was invited to speak at the International Congress of Mathematicians (ICM) in Seoul. From 2014 to 2018, he was chair of the Abel Committee.
Selected publications
"Algebraic K-theory of topological K-theory" (with C. Ausoni), Acta Math. 188, No. 1, 1-39 (2002).
"Two-primary algebraic K-theory of rings of integers in number fields (with an appendix by M. Kolster)" (with C. Weibel), J. Am. Math. Soc. 13, No. 1, 1-54 (2000).
"Spaces of PL manifolds and categories of simple maps" (with F. Waldhausen, B. Jahren), Annals of Mathematics Studies 186. Princeton. 184 p. (2013)
Ecternal links
at the University of Oslo
References
Norwegian mathematicians
Living people
Topologists
1966 births
Tiago Jorge Honório or simply Tiago (born 4 December 1977 in Americana), is a Brazilian football striker, who plays for Independente de Limeira in Brazil.
Honours
Club
Atlético-PR
Paraná State League: 2005
Suwon Bluewings
Korean FA Cup: 2009
External links
CBF
kirinsoccer
1977 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
União Agrícola Barbarense Futebol Clube players
Shenzhen F.C. players
Sanfrecce Hiroshima players
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Beijing Guoan F.C. players
Chengdu Tiancheng F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Goiás Esporte Clube players
Expatriate footballers in Japan
J1 League players
J2 League players
Fagiano Okayama players
Expatriate footballers in China
K League 1 players
Suwon Samsung Bluewings players
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Association football forwards
Eileen O'Brien is a camogie player, winner of a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Star awards, in 2003 and short-listed for an award in 2004, 2007 and 2008.
She won three All Ireland Club Championship medals with her club Granagh-Ballingarry GAA.
Early career
She won 16 All Ireland medals at different grades and was one of the most successful players in the history of the Ireland second level schools championships, winning one junior, four senior and four seven-a-side colleges medals with St Mary's, Charleville. She scored 0-11 in the 1995 final when she was 14.
References
External links
Profile in Cúl4kidz magazine
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Limerick camogie players
The 2009–10 Faithwear Metbank One-Day Competition was a List A cricket competition held in Zimbabwe from 19 September 2009 – 10 April 2010. It was the first edition of the tournament held after a reorganization of Zimbabwean cricket, and saw the previous five teams replaced with five franchises: Mashonaland Eagles, Matabeleland Tuskers, Mid West Rhinos, Mountaineers and Southern Rocks.
It was won by the Mountaineers, who defeated the Mid West Rhinos in the final by three wickets.
Fixtures and results
Group stage
Knockout stage
Semi-finals
Final
References
Faithwear Metbank One-day Competition, 2009-10
Faithwear Metbank One-Day Competition
Pro50 Championship
The 2020 Prime Minister Cup was the fourth edition of the Prime Minister One Day Cup, the premier one-day cricket tournament in Nepal. The tournament was contested by teams representing the seven Provinces of Nepal as well as three departmental teams. It began on 15 January 2021 and ended on 30 January 2021. All matches of the tournament were broadcast live by DishHome's "Action Sports" channel. Nepal Police Club were the defending champions, but were eliminated at the semi-final stage by Armed Police Force Club. Tribhuwan Army Club won the title following a 33-run win over APF Club in the final.
Squads
The ten participants were divided into two groups.
Group A
Group B
Points table
Group A
The top two teams qualified for the playoffs.Source: ESPNcricinfo
Group B
The top two teams qualified for the playoffs.Source: ESPNcricinfo
League matches
Playoffs
Semi finals
Final
References
External links
Series home at ESPNcricinfo
Series home at cricnepal.com
Domestic cricket competitions in 2020–21
Nepalese domestic cricket competitions
2021 in Nepalese sport
Michael Meeks may refer to:
Michael Meeks (basketball) (born 1972), Canadian former basketball player
Michael Meeks (software developer), British software developer
Troll Bends Fir ( ) is a folk metal (previously folk rock) band from Saint Petersburg, Russia. Band members define their style as "beer folk", most lyrics are based on Scandinavian mythology and, as well as the band's image, are related to beer and brewing. TBF has its own recognizable sound combining traditional metal music instruments with violin and Irish whistle.
History
The band was founded in 1999 by Konstantin "Troll" Rumyantsev (ex-vocalist of Nomans Land) and Maria "Jetra" Leonova. The first demo-recording was brought out in 2003 as a demo for clubs but its success attracted the attention of a local label who offered to release the album "Troll Bends Fir". The first issue of 5000 copies was sold out in no time.
Due to growing popularity abroad, TBF changed their Russian name to "Troll Bends Fir" for use in non-Cyrillic countries, though "Тролль Гнёт Ель" is still used. In 2009 TBF released "1516/Order of the Holy Hop"LP (mastered at Finnvox Studios) that showed their tendency to switch from folk rock to folk metal.
Having about 80 gigs per a year TBF takes part in each of the largest rock and folk festivals in Russia such as Nashestvie, Vozdukh, Dobrofest, Rock Palace. Festivals abroad: Mėnuo Juodaragis (Lithuania), Festival-Mediaval and Tanzt!2012 (Germany), Noc Świętojańska in Wroclaw, Poland.
The band's 5th album "Brothers in Drinks" was released in September 2011 in Germany by "Screaming Banshee" label supported by EMP Merchandising and later in Russia by the main metal label "Sound Age". A bonus track "Humppa is My Neighbour" features guest vocals from Korpiklaani frontman Jonne Järvelä. "Brothers in Drinks" tour included Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Baltic States.
Line up
Current members
Konstantin "Troll" Rumyantsev – vocals, guitars
Maria "Jetra" Leonova – vocals, Irish whistle
Sergey "Skjoldy" Nemtinov – bass
Andrey "Andy" Tepper – violin
Maria "Malina" Lebedeva – violin
Andrey "Lukich" Lukin - drums
Former members
Anna Fomina - violin
Boris Senkin - bass
Aleksey "Elias" Mester - violin
Aleksey "Alex" Semenov - drums
Svetlana Sulimova - violin
Aleksey "Ainar" Magin - drums
Discography
Studio albums
Prazdnik Pohmelyainen (Hangoverlainen Holiday) (2005)
Konung Hmel (Konung Hop) (2007)
1516/Orden Presvetlogo Hmelya (1516/Order of the Holy Hop) (2009)
Bratya vo Hmelyu (Brothers in Drinks) (2011)
Khmel'noye Serdtse (Hopheart) (2013)
Karjalali (2016)
Labirint Trolley (Labyrinth of Trolls) (2018)
EP
Oktoberfest (2010)
Hoplnir (2011)
Demo
Troll Gnyot Yel (Troll Bends Fir) (2003)
Music videos
"Pivovarnya Ulva (Ulv's Brewery)"
"Ave Celia!" (2012)
"Humppa is My Neighbour" official making-of (2012)
"Ass Shaking Dance (Zhopotryas)" (2012)
"Chug!" (2017)
"Karjalltroll" (2018)
"Patrick INT" (2018)
References
External links
Youtube
Russian folk metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1999
1999 establishments in Russia
Nancy Kassop is a Professor at the State University of New York at New Paltz, and former chair of the Political Science Department at the school. Some of the courses she teaches are American Government and Politics and Constitutional Law.
Biography
Kassop graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a B.A. in Political Science and earned her Ph.D and M.A. in political science from New York University.
Her research focuses on constitutional law and the Presidency. Among her many articles and publications is "Expansion and Contraction: Clinton's Impact on the Scope of Presidential Power" from her book titled The Presidency and the Law: The Clinton Legacy by Adler and Genovese and "A Political Question By Any Other Name: Government Strategy in the Enemy Combatant Cases of Hamdi and Padilla" from her Lexington Books 2007 publication "The Political Question Doctrine and the Supreme Court of the United States."
Since the George W. Bush administration, her focus has shifted towards presidential war powers and national security law. Some of her most recent research explores the role of the Obama administration's political staff and Office of Legal Counsel in making counterterrorism policy.
Personal life
Kassop was born April 1, 1950, in New York, to Harry Kassop and Harriet (Weinberger) Kassop. Her maternal grandfather Emanuel Weinberger was a Jewish immigrant from Austria. Her maternal grandmother Eva Cohen was born in New York to Russian Jewish parents. Harry Kassop was also Ashkenazi Jewish.
References
External links
Faculty page at SUNY New Paltz
Living people
University of Pennsylvania alumni
New York University alumni
American educators
American women political scientists
American political scientists
21st-century American women
Year of birth missing (living people)
u John E. Cimba (born c. 1942) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1965 and 1967. He played college football at the University of Buffalo. He is a member of the University of Buffalo Hall of Fame, inducted in 1988. Draft candidate of The Green Bay Packers, played 4 years with The Hamilton Tiger Cats of the Canadian Football League as outside linebacker and fullback, later ran a brokerage firm and owner of several businesses in Toronto.
In a business started by his father he developed as owner 7 plants with over 100 stores in the Retail Business. In addition he developed over 200 sales force in direct marketing. Owner of several businesses. As a resident of Florida he owns a successful business brokerage firm The Business Exchange of Florida www.TBXflorida.com
References
birthday
1940s births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Living people
Buffalo Bulls football players
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 51 Division is a division of the Sri Lanka Army. Established on 24 August 1995, the division is currently based in Kopay in the Northern Province. The division is a part of Security Forces Headquarters – Jaffna.
References
1995 establishments in Sri Lanka
Military units and formations established in 1995
Organisations based in Northern Province, Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka Army divisions
"T.H.E. (The Hardest Ever)" is a song by American rapper will.i.am, featuring vocals from British singer Mick Jagger of The Rolling Stones and American singer Jennifer Lopez. The song was released via the iTunes Store on November 20, 2011, just hours after its debut at the American Music Awards. The music video for the song was released on December 12, 2011. The song was intended as the lead single from will.i.am's fourth studio album, #willpower, but it was ultimately omitted from the album.
Background
will.i.am first announced the song via his Twitter account, before announcing it via various online media. Links to a demo version of the song were made available via Dipdive and Google+. On November 18, Will released the cover art for the single, using it as his Twitter avatar and background. The song was premiered live on November 20, 2011, live at the 2011 American Music Awards at the Nokia Theater. The performance included will.i.am and Lopez performing live, and Jagger performing via video link. The song was made available on iTunes immediately following the AMA performance. The song was produced by Audiobot, Dallas Austin and will.i.am, as well as Jimmy Iovine. will.i.am originally presented the track to Iovine without the featured artists, as a finished work, and was caught off guard by his request to add performers to the song. In response, he threw out Jagger's name among possible collaborators because he thought it would never happen. Iovine ended up producing Jagger's vocals - it was the first time he had produced in decades. Immediately after the AMA performance, will.i.am thanked Fighting Gravity via Twitter. will.i.am also performed the song live at the American Giving Awards on December 10. Neither Lopez nor Jagger appeared.
The song was originally released as part of will.i.am's fourth studio album, #willpower. The album was originally scheduled for release in September 2012, but was delayed several times and scheduled for released on April 19, 2013. When the final track listing with all its features was confirmed on April 11, 2013 by Rap-Up the song was not included on the album.
Critical reception
The song received mixed reviews from music critics. Simon Vozick-Levinson wrote a mixed review for Rolling Stone, stating that on the single will.i.am "strews dodgy rhymes ("I woke up in the morning/Hard like morning wood in the morning") over diamond-bright synths, while J. Lo handles the efficient hook. It all feels a bit perfunctory – except for Mick's guest verse, a kitschy delight delivered in a "Midnight Rambler" snarl.
The website "DJ Booth" also gave to the song a mixed review, writing that "this tough-as-nails cut finds Will, "Audiobot" and Dallas Austin teaming up to craft a danceable synth-percussion beat to back the B.E.P. mastermind as he delivers his trademark blend of Auto-Tuned singing and guilty-pleasure punchline lyricism. After a tuneful guest verse from J-Lo (who also lends her vocals to the chorus), the Rolling Stones frontman grabs the mic to flaunt his considerable swagger (and his poor math skills: "Hard like geometry, trigonometry / This is crazy—psychology") in a gruff closing 16."
Billboards Chris Payne wrote that "The concept sounds crazy, but Will.i.am is the perfect studio whiz to oversee the commotion. The master of ceremonies adds to the fun by referencing "Back to the Future" to the Wu-Tang Clan to Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones in his opening verse."
Commercial performance
The song debuted on the US Billboard Hot 100 at #36 for the chart week of December 10, 2011 with 70,000 copies sold. In its second week, it dropped 54 slots to 90, and later fell off the chart. It has since re-entered the chart, reaching 61. The song also debuted at number 10 on the Canadian Hot 100 the same week. On the week ending February 3, 2012, a pre-release cover version of the track by Kings of Pop entered the UK Singles Chart at number forty. The version charted on digital downloading alone, charting in the absence of the original (scheduled for release on February 5) - also peaks of number three and number twelve on the independent releases chart and R&B chart. Two weeks later the original version of the song was released in the UK and it charted at #3 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video
Will.i.am tweeted that a portion of the video was filmed on October 17, 2011 in Los Angeles. On October 24, he tweeted that he had hurt himself during filming. Lopez filmed her part in the video on and around October 30, 2011. After the song's November 20 AMA debut, MTV reported that the video, which was shot both in Los Angeles and in London, was expected to premiere before the end of November. The video was directed by Rich Lee. Will released the music video on December 12 with a link to Google+. A few hours later Jagger tweeted that the official debut of the music video would occur that evening on Extra. Lopez tweeted a link to the video on December 14 on Vevo. A critic at RyanSeacrest.com described the video as "out of this world – literally". Ryan Seacrest tweeted: "the new @iamwill @JLo @MickJagger video requires u set your computer to warp speed". The video begins with will.i.am. sending a text to Mick Jagger and trying to work out his exercises, when he starts running through walls by foot, bicycle, motorbike, car, plane, train, rocket, which then converts into a spaceship. Meanwhile, Lopez is seen on the walls while will.i.am. is driving past them and she also appears on the TV screen inside the spaceship and in the outer part of the galaxy. During the end, Jagger appears on the galaxy finishing the song while Lopez does the belly dance and kept on dancing while Jagger finishes the song. The music video features product placement for HTC, BMW, Beats by Dr. Dre, Siemens Velaro, and the Chrysler 300.
Track listing
Digital download "T.H.E. (The Hardest Ever)" (Explicit Version) – 4:47
"T.H.E. (The Hardest Ever)" (Clean Version) - 4:07
"Go Home" (featuring Mick Jagger and Wolfgang Gartner) – 4:36
Digital download — Remix "T.H.E. (The Hardest Ever)" (Z-Trip Remix) – 5:18
German CD single'
"T.H.E. (The Hardest Ever)" – 4:47
"T.H.E. (The Hardest Ever)" (instrumental) – 4:39
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from "T.H.E. (The Hardest Ever)" CD single liner notes.
will.i.am – songwriter, producer, synthesizers, drum programming, recording, engineer
Audiobot – songwriter, producer, synthesizers, drum programming
Dallas Austin – songwriter, producer
Jimmy Iovine – vocal production
Jennifer Lopez - lead vocals
Josh Lopez – guitar
Padraic "Padlock" Kerin – recording, engineer
Dylan "3-D" Dresdow – mixing
Mike Fontane – mixing assistant
Jaime Martinez – mixing assistant
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
External links
2011 singles
Will.i.am songs
Jennifer Lopez songs
Mick Jagger songs
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Iovine
Song recordings produced by will.i.am
Song recordings produced by Dallas Austin
Interscope Records singles
Songs written by Tanya Lacey
Songs written by will.i.am
Songs written by Dallas Austin
Music videos directed by Rich Lee
Aphelenchidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Aphelenchida.
Genera
Genera:
Aphelenchus Bastian, 1865
Bursaphelenchus Fuchs, 1937
Cryptophelenchus
References
Secernentea
Nematode families
The 1968–69 Danish 1. division season was the 12th season of ice hockey in Denmark. Eight teams participated in the league, and Esbjerg IK won the championship. AaB Ishockey was relegated.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1968 in Danish sport
1969 in Danish sport
Zwieback is a form of rusk eaten in Germany, Poland, Scandinavia, Austria, France, Belgium, The Netherlands, Switzerland, Italy, Slovenia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Croatia, Serbia, North Macedonia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Turkey. It is a type of crisp, sweetened bread, made with eggs and baked twice. It originated in East Prussia. According to Fabian Scheidler, Albrecht von Wallenstein invented zwieback to feed his mercenary army during the Thirty Years' War. The Mennonites brought Zwieback to the Russian Empire; before the Russian Revolution, when many emigrated to the west, they brought Zwieback to Canada, the United States and other parts of the world.
There are two types of zwieback. One type is made by pinching round pieces of dough, placing one piece on top of another, pressing them together by pushing a finger down through both pieces. It is then baked and served as warm soft rolls. This type is identified with Mennonites.
The other type is bread sliced before it is baked a second time, which produces crisp, brittle slices that closely resemble melba toast. Zwieback is commonly used to feed teething babies and as the first solid food for patients with an upset stomach.
The name comes from German zwei ("two") or zwie ("twi-"), and backen, meaning "to bake". Zwieback hence literally translates to "twice-baked". The French and Italian names, respectively, biscotte and fette biscottate have the same origin, biscotto (biscuit), which also means twice ("bis-") baked (-"cotto"). The Slovene name is prepečenec which would imply baked over ordinary or overbaked. The Serbo-Croatian name is dvopek which, again, is literally twice (dvo) baked (pek).
See also
Biscotti
Brandt (company)
Russian Mennonite zwieback (Tweebak)
Toast
References
German breads
Sweet breads
Twice-baked goods
Jacob D. Hyman (December 11, 1909 – April 8, 2007) was a dean of the University at Buffalo (UB) Law School.
Known to his friends as "Jack" and to former students as "Dean Hyman," the Boston native earned a bachelor's degree from Harvard College in 1931 and a law degree from Harvard Law School in 1934. After graduation, Hyman began his legal career in New York City with Blumberg and Parker, a medium-sized law firm with a significant administrative practice before federal agencies. Fascinated with the energetic New Deal lawyers whom he encountered in practice, Hyman moved to Washington, D.C., in 1939, joining the legal staff of the Wage and Hour Division of the U.S. Department of Labor. Three years later, he moved to the Office of Price Administration, where he worked for John Kenneth Galbraith and eventually became associate general counsel in charge of litigation in the special federal court that reviewed price-control orders.
In 1946, with the end of wartime price regulations, Hyman moved to Buffalo to join the faculty at the UB Law School, then located downtown on Eagle Street. His teaching and scholarship centered in the areas of administrative law, constitutional law, jurisprudence, and state and local government law. Hyman became dean in 1953 and held that post until 1964, when he returned to full-time teaching. He retired for the first time in 1981, but kept teaching part-time until 2000, when he again retired, at the age of 90, after 54 years at the Law School. His devotion to equal educational opportunity at all levels of education was constant throughout his time in Buffalo. Throughout his teaching career, Hyman was active as a labor arbitrator, both in the public and private sectors. He also served as chair, board member, committee chair or committee member of such organizations as the City of Buffalo's Charter Revision Commission, the Community Welfare Council of Buffalo and Erie County, the Citizens Council on Human Rights, the Children's Aid Society and the Legal Aid Society of Buffalo and Erie County. Devoted to what some saw as "his" law school, Hyman also championed the university, working hard in support of its merger into the SUNY system in 1963 and later serving as the first chair of the President's Review Board.
Hyman was married to Clarice S. Lechner-Hyman, a former faculty member in the UB School of Nursing, who survived him.
1909 births
2007 deaths
Harvard Law School alumni
Harvard College alumni
Legal educators
University at Buffalo faculty
Deans of law schools in the United States
Schutterij () refers to a voluntary city guard or citizen militia in the medieval and early modern Netherlands, intended to protect the town or city from attack and act in case of revolt or fire. Their training grounds were often on open spaces within the city, near the city walls, but, when the weather did not allow, inside a church. They are mostly grouped according to their district and to the weapon that they used: bow, crossbow or gun. Together, its members are called a Schuttersgilde, which could be roughly translated as a "shooter's guild". It is now a title applied to ceremonial shooting clubs and to the country's Olympic rifle team.
Function
The schutterij, civic guard, or town watch, was a defensive military support system for the local civic authority. Its officers were wealthy citizens of the town, appointed by the city magistrates. In the Northern Netherlands, after the formal changeover in civic authority after Beeldenstorm, which depending on the town, was sometime between 1566 and 1580, the officers had to be a member of the Dutch Reformed Church. Its captain was usually a wealthy inhabitant of the district, and the group's ensign was a wealthy young bachelor (often recognizable in group portraits of Schutterijen by his particularly fine clothes and the flag he is carrying). Joining as an officer for a couple of years was often a stepping-stone to other important posts within the city council. The members were expected to buy their own equipment: this entailed the purchase of a weapon and uniform. Each night two men guarded their district in two shifts, from 10:00 p.m. until 2:00 a.m., and from 2:00 a.m. until 6:00 a.m., closing and opening the gates of the city. At a set time each month, the schutters would parade under the command of an officer.
The ideal was that, for every hundred inhabitants, three would belong to the schutterij. The Dutch Mennonites were excluded from a position in the schutterij in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries and paid a double tax in lieu of service. Roman Catholics were permitted in the lower regions. Persons in the service of the city (such as the minister, the city-physician, the teacher, the sexton, the beer-bearers and peat bearers), and the city's Jews, did not need to serve. The beer and peat bearers had to serve as the town's firefighters instead.
Training grounds
The schutters (traditionally archers) or cloveniers (musket bearers) met at target practice grounds called Doelen (targets). These fields were generally adjoining a large building where they met indoors for gymnastic exercises and held their meetings. It was in these great halls where the large group portraits hung for centuries, and many paintings suffered dramatically from enthusiastic gymnasts over the years. These locations were not the only place the schutters met each other. These guilds also kept altars in local churches, where they met for religious reasons. Most schutterij guilds had as patron saints Saint Sebastian, Saint Anthony, Saint George (St. Joris in Dutch), or Adrian of Nicomedia (). These religious duties were a significant part of the guild membership since that is also where they paid their dues.
After the Protestant Reformation, all the altars were disbanded in the Dutch Reformed churches in the Northern Netherlands, and membership dues were no longer paid in church, but at the city hall. In Amsterdam, the guilds were no longer allowed to make rules or spend money on their own, but in Haarlem, there were two guilds who kept their original rules (St. Adriaen and St. Joris), such as holding banquets and collecting for sick members or widows. Though they moved premises several times, some of the old Haarlem schutterij Doelen halls still stand where the schutters met and where their group paintings hung, though these paintings are now preserved carefully in the Frans Hals Museum (with the notable exception of Cornelis Engelsz's 1612 painting The St Adrian Civic Guard, which is in the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Strasbourg, France).
Group portraits
After 1581, the schutterij were officially prohibited from influencing city politics, but since the ruling regenten were all members of these guilds, that was quite hard to do. Once a year they held a banquet, with beer and a roasted ox. Whenever a changeover of the leading officers occurred, a local painter was invited to paint the members, and the scene most popularly chosen for these group portraits was the banquet scene. Though occasionally they were shown outside in active duty, the members were usually portrayed for posterity dressed in their Sunday best, rather than their guard dress. These militia group portraits include some of the grandest portraiture in Dutch Golden Age painting.
Group portraits were popular among the large numbers of civic associations that were a notable part of Dutch life, such as the officers of a city's schutterij or militia guards, boards of trustees and regents of guilds and charitable foundations and the like. Especially in the first half of the century, portraits were very formal and stiff in composition. Early examples showed them dining, with each person looking at the viewer. Later groups showed most figures standing for a more dynamic composition. Much attention was paid to fine details in clothing, and where applicable, to furniture and other signs of a person's position in society. Later in the century groups became livelier and colours brighter. Rembrandt's Syndics of the Drapers' Guild is a subtle treatment of a group round a table.
A similar commemorative group painting tradition, the Regents group portrait, was true for other Dutch guilds and institutions as well, such as orphanages, hospitals, and hofjes. In the case of the schutterijen, such a painting was known in Dutch as a schuttersstuk (pl. schuttersstukken). After the schutters agreed how they wanted to be depicted together in paint, for such paintings each member usually paid and posed separately so that each individual portrait within the group was as accurate as possible, and the artist's fee could be paid. Most group portraits of militia guards were commissioned in Haarlem and Amsterdam, and were much more flamboyant and relaxed or even boisterous than other types of portraits, as well as much larger. Rembrandt's famous The Militia Company of Captain Frans Banning Cocq, better known as The Night Watch (1642), was an ambitious and not entirely successful attempt to show a group in action, setting out for a patrol or parade and also innovative in avoiding the typical very wide format of such works. The reason for this was probably that banquets for guilds had been banned in Amsterdam since 1522.
Every member of the schutterij who wanted to be in the group portrait, paid the painter, depending on his position in the painting. The cost of group portraits was usually shared by the subjects, often not equally. The amount paid might determine each person's place in the picture, either head to toe in full regalia in the foreground or face only in the back of the group. Sometimes all group members paid an equal sum, which was likely to lead to quarrels when some members gained a more prominent place in the picture than others. According to local legend, the schutterij was unhappy with the result in The Night Watch: instead of a group of proud and orderly men, they alleged Rembrandt had not painted what he saw. Ernst van de Wetering declared in 2006 that The Night Watch "... in a certain sense fails ... Rembrandt wanted to paint the chaos of figures walking through each other, yet also aim for an organised composition."
Winning a commission for a schuttersstuk was a highly competitive task, with young portrait painters competing with each other to impress members of the schutterij. Often it helped if the painter became a member of the schuttersgilde, and Frans Hals, Hendrik Gerritsz Pot, and Caesar van Everdingen were all members of schuttersgildes who won such commissions. The commission itself was a guaranteed income for a year, but often the painter would win additional commissions to do the rest of the sitter's family, or make a separate copy of the sitter's portrait for private use. The tricky part of fishing for a schuttersstuk commission, was that it was never known when a schuttersstuk would be commissioned, since this only happened when one of the leading officers died, retired, or moved away.
An example of a young painter who successfully launched his career in this way is Bartholomeus van der Helst. His selfportrait is in the very painting that was his first schutterstuk commission in 1639 and resulted in a lucrative contract with the Amsterdam Bicker family. In Amsterdam most of these paintings would ultimately end up in the possession of the city council, and many are now on display in the Amsterdams Historisch Museum; there are no significant examples outside the Netherlands.
Decline
In 1748 the Doelisten demanded that stadtholder William IV, Prince of Orange allow the middle class to appoint the militia's officers, but William refused, since in some towns the bourgeois could not even be considered as candidates for these offices. By the second half of the 18th century the schutterij were inactive (sometimes only exercising once a year and with the ill or rich buying their way out of service) and only of importance to Orangists. This brought them much criticism. Translations of the books by Andrew Fletcher and Richard Price became very popular. The Patriots faction tried to breathe new life into the schutterij in 1783 or to create an alternative - in many cities, exercitiegenootschappen (military-exercise societies), vrijcorpsen (free corps) or voluntary schutterijen arose which anybody could join and with officers chosen democratically. The Orangists poked fun at the ministers, like François Adriaan van der Kemp propagating the system from the pulpit and shopkeepers joining the new militia.
The system of schutterijen no longer worked after five hundred years, which was controlled by a select group of Dutch Reformed families, but it survived the Batavian Revolution and French occupation of the Kingdom of Holland until finally William I of the Netherlands set up professional police forces. In 1901, the schutterijen were abolished.
Reenactment
There are many historical reenactment schutterijen in the Netherlands who honour the old traditions; in the Catholic regions many municipalities have several of them. For instance the schutterij of Geertruidenberg, made up of people who meet regularly to dress in traditional costume and demonstrate how cannons were used in strongholds. Most of these schutterijen were founded during the first half of the 20th century and many of them are the same kind of associations as a German Schützenbruderschaft. Likewise, the Oud Limburgs Schuttersfeest, or the "Old Limburg's Schutter Festival" (OLS) is an annual event in which more than 160 schutterijen () from Belgian and Dutch Limburg compete against each other. The winner organizes the event the following year and takes home "De Um", the highest prize for a schutter.
References
Further reading
Alois Riegl, The Group Portraiture of Holland, reprint 2000, Getty Publications, , 9780892365487, first published in German in 1902, fully available online
Dutch culture
Dutch words and phrases
Military history of the Netherlands
Early Modern Netherlands
Medieval Netherlands
Historical reenactment groups
Militias in Europe
Social history of the Dutch Republic
À Suivre or A SUIVRE (English translation: "To Be Continued") was a Franco-Belgian comics magazine published from February 1978 to December 1997 by the Casterman publishing house. Along with the comic book magazines Spirou, Tintin, Pilote, and Metal Hurlant, it is considered to have been one of the major vehicles for the development of Franco-Belgian comics during the 20th century.
History and profile
À Suivre was established by Casterman publishing house in 1978. The magazine was published on a monthly basis. It presented the work of major European comic book artists including Hugo Pratt, Jean-Claude Forest, Alexandro Jodorowsky, Milo Manara, Masse, Jean (Mœbius) Giraud, Jacques Tardi, François Bourgeon, F'Murr, Ted Benoît, Guido Crepax, Vittorio Giardino, François Schuiten, Benoît Sokal and François Boucq. It was a pioneer in introducing graphic novels.
In the early 1990s À Suivre was printed almost in full colour.
See also
List of magazines in Belgium
References
La mémoire de (A SUIVRE) on BD oubliées
1978 comics debuts
1978 establishments in Belgium
1997 disestablishments in Belgium
Comics magazines published in Belgium
Monthly magazines published in Belgium
Comics anthologies
Defunct magazines published in Belgium
French-language magazines
Magazines established in 1978
Magazines disestablished in 1997
Magazines about comics
Agonopsis is a genus of poachers native to the Pacific Ocean.
Species
There are currently four recognized species in this genus:
Agonopsis asperoculis W. F. Thompson, 1916
Agonopsis chiloensis (Jenyns, 1840) (Snailfish)
Agonopsis sterletus (C. H. Gilbert, 1898) (Southern spearnose poacher)
Agonopsis vulsa (D. S. Jordan & C. H. Gilbert, 1880) (Northern spearnose poacher)
References
Agonidae
Taxa named by Theodore Gill
Liberty Belle (IX-72) was built in 1910 by Harlan & Hollingsworth, Wilmington, Del.; acquired by the US Navy 23 April 1942 from the Wilson Line on a bareboat charter; and placed in service 1 January 1943 for duty in the 5th Naval District.
Assigned to experimental duty, Liberty Belle operated out of the Naval Mine Warfare Test Station, Solomons, Maryland, until early May 1944 when she sailed for Philadelphia. Arriving there, she was placed out of service 18 May 1944, and was returned to the Maritime Commission 10 April 1947. She was subsequently sold to Jersey Shore Lines of Atlantic Highlands, N.J., and renamed Asbury Park.
References
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
1910 ships
Ships built by Harlan and Hollingsworth
Ohio's 19th senatorial district is based in north-central Ohio, and currently consists of Delaware and Knox counties as well as a portion of Franklin county. It encompasses Ohio House districts 22, 67 and 68. It has a Cook PVI of R+6. The district was represented by the Senate President from 2005 to 2010 with Senator Bill Harris. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Andrew Brenner. He resides in Powell, a city located in Delaware County.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 19th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Benjamin Heath Malkin ( – ) was a British scholar and writer notable for his connection to the artist and poet William Blake.
Career and education
Malkin was born in London, and was educated at Harrow School and Cambridge University, receiving his MA in 1802 and his doctorate in 1810. In 1795 he published Essays on Subjects connected with Civilization (C. Dilly, London). From 1809 to 1828 he was headmaster of Bury St Edmunds Free School, where he taught a number of pupils who would later go on to become Cambridge Apostles. In 1829, Malkin became the first professor of history in the newly formed London University. During his scholarly career he published both historical and creative works on many subjects, including the history of South Wales, a translation of Gil Blas, and the play Almahide and Hamet. He contributed biographies to Rees's Cyclopædia.
Connections with Blake
Today he is remembered for his 1806 book A Father's Memoirs of his Child, which leads off with a 48-page introduction consisting of a dedication to his friend Thomas Johnes and the earliest biographical account of Blake. Blake had designed (though it was engraved by Robert Cromek) the frontispiece depicting Malkin's deceased son. G. E. Bentley suggests that Malkin met Blake in 1803, soon after Blake returned to London from his three years in Felpham. It is also possible that the two men were acquainted via the publisher Joseph Johnson for whom Blake had worked. William Godwin reports meeting Malkin at dinner at Horne Tooke's in 1796 and 1797 and at Fuseli's Milton Gallery in 1800. It is therefore likely that Blake and Malkin shared radical sympathies. Malkin also lived close to Blake's patron Thomas Butts in Hackney, London and knew George Cumberland, another friend.
In addition to a short biography of Blake, Malkin published a number of Blake's lyric poems. This was the first time they had been published other than in Blake's own original illuminated etchings. Before the publication of Alexander Gilchrist's Life of William Blake in 1863, Malkin's book was the principal means of public knowledge of Blake's poetry. William Wordsworth copied poems from it.
A Father's Memoirs of His Child
A Father's Memoirs of His Child is an account of the life and death of Malkin's son Thomas Williams Malkin, who along with his brother Benjamin is described as a child prodigy with an insatiable thirst for knowledge. He apparently learned the alphabet from blocks as an infant and would point to the correct letters when they were named. He did not speak until he was about two years old. Before he was three, he taught himself to write by copying print in books. Malkin insists that he did not push Thomas but followed his lead and taught him subjects such as Latin or mathematics only by request. Thomas also invented an imaginary country called Allestone, including details of its history, geography and monetary system, and an elaborate (for a five-year-old) map. Much of this material is included in the book, partly as proof that Thomas acted independently and was not coerced to achievements.
The book was written in part because of a confrontation with a "medical expert" the day after Thomas' death. It was his stated belief that Thomas had died of so-called "water on the brain", citing Thomas' "large head" and high intelligence as symptomatic of this disease. In effect, he accused Malkin of causing his son's death through having allowed him to overindulge in mental activity. Thus, Malkin includes the medical details of Thomas' final illness. He also ordered an autopsy, which he says proved conclusively that Thomas died of inflammatory bowel disease and peritonitis, and that his brain was perfectly normal. Malkin's grief and frustration are expressed vividly in this part of the text.
Legacy
Malkin died at Cowbridge, where he is commemorated at Holy Cross Church.
Malkin's other children survived to adulthood. Benjamin Jr. became a barrister. He worked in the Imperial legal service, first as Recorder of Penang, and later than one of the Puisne Judges of Calcutta, for which he was knighted. He was noted for his high intelligence and pleasant manner. He married and had two children, including Herbert Malkin, lawyer and cricketer. He died in 1838.
Frederic, who was an infant when Thomas died, wrote several books on history including a history of Greece. Arthur, the youngest, also wrote historical textbooks.<ref>Frederic Malkin, History of Greece from the earliest times to its final subjection to Rome. London: Baldwin & Craddock, Paternoster Row, 1829.</ref> Thomas' "Allestone" paracosm came to the attention of fantasy fans in 1973 when the map was reprinted in An Atlas of Fantasy'' by Jeremiah Post.
References
British historians
British writers
1769 births
1842 deaths
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Maurus Gervase Komba (1923−23 February 1996) was a Tanzanian Roman Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1954, Komba was named bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanga, Tanzania in 1970 and resigned in 1988.
References
1930 births
1996 deaths
People from Ruvuma Region
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Tanzania
Roman Catholic bishops of Tanga
In quantum optics, a superradiant phase transition is a phase transition that occurs in a collection of fluorescent emitters (such as atoms), between a state containing few electromagnetic excitations (as in the electromagnetic vacuum) and a superradiant state with many electromagnetic excitations trapped inside the emitters. The superradiant state is made thermodynamically favorable by having strong, coherent interactions between the emitters.
The superradiant phase transition was originally predicted by the Dicke model of superradiance, which assumes that atoms have only two energetic levels and that these interact with only one mode of the electromagnetic field.
The phase transition occurs when the strength of the interaction between the atoms and the field
is greater than the energy of the non-interacting part of the system. (This is similar to the case of superconductivity in ferromagnetism, which leads
to the dynamic interaction between ferromagnetic atoms and the spontaneous ordering of excitations below the critical temperature.)
The collective Lamb shift, relating to the system of atoms interacting with the vacuum fluctuations, becomes comparable to the energies of atoms alone, and the vacuum
fluctuations cause the spontaneous self-excitation of matter.
The transition can be readily understood by the use of the Holstein-Primakoff transformation applied to a two-level atom.
As a result of this transformation, the atoms become Lorentz harmonic oscillators
with frequencies equal to the difference between the energy levels. The whole system then simplifies to a system of interacting harmonic oscillators of atoms, and the field known as Hopfield dielectric which further predicts in the normal state
polarons for photons or polaritons.
If the interaction with the field is so strong that the system collapses in the harmonic approximation
and complex polariton frequencies (soft modes) appear, then the physical system with nonlinear terms of the higher order
becomes the system with the Mexican hat-like potential, and will undergo
ferroelectric-like phase transition.
In this model, the system is mathematically equivalent for one mode of excitation to the Trojan wave packet,
when the circularly polarized field intensity corresponds to the electromagnetic coupling constant. Above the critical value, it changes to the unstable motion of the ionization.
The superradiant phase transition was the subject of a wide discussion as to whether or not it is only a result of the simplified model of the matter-field interaction; and if it can occur for the real physical parameters of physical systems (a no-go theorem). However, both the original derivation and the later corrections leading to nonexistence of the transition – due to Thomas–Reiche–Kuhn sum rule canceling for the harmonic oscillator the needed inequality to impossible negativity of the interaction – were based on the assumption that the quantum field operators are commuting numbers, and the atoms do not interact with the static Coulomb forces. This is generally not true like in case of Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem and the classical non-existence of Landau diamagnetism. The return of the transition basically occurs because the inter-atom dipole-dipole interactions are never negligible in the superradiant matter density regime and the Power-Zienau unitary transformation eliminating the quantum vector potential in the minimum-coupling Hamiltonian transforms the Hamiltonian exactly to the form used when it was discovered and without the square of the vector potential which was later claimed to prevent it. Alternatively within the full quantum mechanics including the electromagnetic field the generalized Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem does not work and
the electromagnetic interactions cannot be fully eliminated while they only change the vector potential coupling to the electric field coupling and alter the effective electrostatic interactions. It can be observed in model systems like Bose–Einstein condensates
and artificial atoms.
Theory
Criticality of linearized Jaynes-Cummings model
A superradiant phase transition is formally predicted by the critical behavior of the resonant Jaynes-Cummings model, describing the interaction of only one atom with one mode of the electromagnetic field.
Starting from the exact Hamiltonian of the Jaynes-Cummings model at resonance
Applying the Holstein-Primakoff transformation for two spin levels,
replacing the spin raising and lowering operators by those for the harmonic oscillators
one gets the Hamiltonian of two coupled harmonic-oscillators:
which readily can be diagonalized.
Postulating its normal form
where
one gets the eigenvalue equation
with the solutions
The system collapses when one of the frequencies becomes imaginary, i.e. when
or when the atom-field coupling is stronger than the frequency of the mode and atom oscillators.
While there are physically higher terms in the true system, the system in this regime will therefore undergo the
phase transition.
Criticality of Jaynes-Cummings model
The simplified Hamiltonian of the Jaynes-Cummings model, neglecting the counter-rotating terms, is
and the energies for the case of zero detuning are
where is the Rabi frequency.
One can approximately calculate the canonical partition function
,
where the discrete sum was replaced by the integral.
The normal approach is that the latter integral is calculated by the Gaussian approximation around
the maximum of the exponent:
This leads to the critical equation
This has the solution only if
which means that the normal, and the superradiant phase, exist only if the field-atom coupling is significantly stronger
than the energy difference between the atom levels.
When the condition is fulfilled, the equation gives the solution for the order parameter depending on the inverse of the
temperature , which means non-vanishing ordered field mode.
Similar considerations can be done in true thermodynamic limit of the infinite number of atoms.
Instability of the classical electrostatic model
The better insight on the nature of the superradiant phase transition as well on the physical value of the critical parameter which must be exceeded
in order for the transition to occur may be obtained by studying the classical stability of the system of the charged classical harmonic oscillators in the 3D space interacting only with the electrostatic repulsive forces for example between electrons in the locally harmonic oscillator potential. Despite the original model of the superradiance the quantum electromagnetic field is totally neglected here. The oscillators may be assumed to be placed for example on the cubic lattice with the lattice constant in the analogy to the crystal system of the condensed matter.
The worse scenario of the defect of the absence of the two out-of-the-plane motion-stabilizing electrons from the 6-th nearest neighbors of a chosen electron is assumed while the four the nearest electrons are first assumed to be rigid in space and producing the anti-harmonic potential in the direction perpendicular to the plane of the all five electrons. The condition of the instability of motion of the chosen electron is that the net potential being the superposition of the
harmonic oscillator potential and the quadratically expanded Coulomb potential from the four electrons is negative i.e.
or
Making it artificially quantum by multiplying the numerator and the denominator of the fraction by the one obtains
the condition
where
is the square of the dipole transition strength between the ground state and the first excited state of the quantum harmonic oscillator,
is the energy gap between consecutive levels and it is also noticed that
is the spatial density of the oscillators.
The condition is almost identical to this obtained in the original discovery of the superradiant phase transition when replacing the harmonic oscillators with two level atoms with the same distance between the energy levels, dipole transition strength, and the density which means that it occurs in the regime
when the Coulomb interactions between electrons dominate over locally harmonic oscillatory influence of the atoms. It that sense the free
electron gas with
is also purely superradiant.
The critical inequality rewritten yet differently
expresses the fact that superradiant phase transition occurs when the frequency of the binding atomic oscillators is lower than
so-called electron gas plasma frequency.
References
Quantum mechanics
Phase transitions
The Prairie County Courthouse of Des Arc, Arkansas is one of two county courthouses in Prairie County, Arkansas. Des Arc is one of two county seats, and De Valls Bluff, the other also has a courthouse. The one in Des Arc is located downtown, at Court Square and 2nd Streets. It is a handsome two-story brick building with Georgian and Italian Revival features, designed and built in 1913, after the city's second county courthouse was destroyed by fire. It was designed by R.P. Morrison and cost $27,500.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Prairie County, Arkansas
References
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Colonial Revival architecture in Arkansas
Renaissance Revival architecture in Arkansas
Government buildings completed in 1913
County courthouses in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Prairie County, Arkansas
1913 establishments in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Prairie County, Arkansas
Norwood High School may refer to:
Norwood High School (Colorado) in San Miguel County
Norwood High School (Massachusetts) in Norfolk County
Norwood High School (Ohio)
Norwood High School (Adelaide), South Australia, established in 1910
See also
Norwood District High School, Norwood, Ontario, Canada
Nicholas James Liversedge (born 18 July 1988) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bishop Auckland.
Career
Non-League career
Born in Hull, Liversedge joined Darlington in November 2007, after progressing through Rotherham United's Centre of Excellence. He spent the 2008–09 season on loan to Whitby Town, making 30 appearances for the non-League club. He made his senior debut on 6 October 2009 against Leeds United in a Football League Trophy game but the game ended on a sour note when he was sent off for bringing down Leeds United player Enoch Showunmi.
He was released by the club following their relegation from League 2, along with 13 other players. Liversedge was announced as a Whitby Town player at the club's AGM on Friday 25 June 2010 by club chairman Graham Manser after a successful loan spell in the 2008–2009 season
On 30 April 2012 Liversedge played as a trialist for Burnley reserves in a 3–1 over Tranmere.
Burnley
On 10 May 2013, over a year since his first trial for Burnley reserves, it was confirmed that Liversedge would join the Championship side on a free transfer after the Lancashire Club released both Brian Jensen and Lee Grant at the end of the 2012–13 season.
Loan to Hyde
On 20 September 2013, Liversedge joined Conference Premier side Hyde on a one-month loan deal, to cover for Hyde's injured first choice goalkeeper David Carnell. He made his Hyde debut just a day later in a 1–0 defeat to Welling United at Ewen Fields.
Return to non-league
At the end of the 2013–14 season, Liversedge was released by Burnley following their promotion to the Premier League, having never made a first team appearance for the club. He subsequently joined Northern Football League Division One side Guisborough Town on a free transfer. He joined Shildon in the 2016 closed season. in 2018, he joined Bishop Auckland on free transfer, Liversedge has become a fan favourite of the club, in his first season he helped the club to 3rd, despite picking up a groin injury towards the end of the season, in the first half of defeat away to Sunderland RCA. Liveredge signed a new deal for the 2020/21 season, Liversedge injured his groin in a defeat in the FA Vase, This was the final straw in Managers Ian Chandler's time at Bishop, Liveredge sat out 4 games as backup young Keeper Charlie Lamb provide cover for Liversedge, Liversedge returned to the starting 11 in the first game under Andy Toman, a defeat to local rivals and former club Shildon. in April 2021 Liversedge committed Bishops by signing another 1-year deal at the club, keeping him at the club for a 4th season
Career statistics
References
1988 births
Living people
Footballers from Kingston upon Hull
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Rotherham United F.C. players
Darlington F.C. players
Whitby Town F.C. players
Jarrow Roofing Boldon Community Association F.C. players
Burnley F.C. players
Hyde United F.C. players
Guisborough Town F.C. players
Shildon A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Northern Premier League players
National League (English football) players
Northern Football League players
Albert Mikhaylov (; ; born 15 October 2002) is a Belarusian professional footballer who plays for Lida on loan from Energetik-BGU Minsk.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Vitebsk
Belarusian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Smorgon players
FC Energetik-BGU Minsk players
FC Lida players
Reginald Kerr Manning (1 August 1866 – 29 October 1943) was a prominent Australian equity, bankruptcy and probate barrister. With Sir George Rich he established and edited The Bankruptcy and Company Law Cases of New South Wales.
Family
Manning was born into the socially prominent Manning and Suttor families who were influential in the legal, business and pastoral activities of early New South Wales. He was the fourth of 13 children of Caroline Elizabeth Mary (1841–1821) and John Edye Manning (1831–1909).
His mother was the daughter of William Henry Suttor and Charlotte Augusta Ann Francis. Suttor was a wealthy pastoralist and politician who owned the property Brucedale in Bathurst, New South Wales, where Caroline spent her childhood. His father, a merchant, was the son of John Edye Manning (1807–1889) and Fanny Elizabeth Manning and the grandson of John Edye Manning (1783–1870) who was the Registrar of the New South Wales Supreme Court. His parents were married in 1859 and had six boys and seven girls.
Manning was born at Merioola at Edgecliff, his paternal grandparent's home, that was built in 1859. The Victorian mid-century mansion later became famous as an artists' colony before being demolished for suburban subdivision. Manning's maternal grandfather died in 1877 and in accordance with his will Willandra at Ryde, was bought for his mother and held for her in trust. This became the Manning family home until 1894. Willandra, which still stands, was described at the time as "a most comfortable family residence, overlooking the Parramatta River within a mile of the railway and steamer. Contains 18 lofty and spacious rooms, outoffices, stables etc. Water and gas laid on. Tennis lawns, fruit and flower gardens.
John Edye Manning became involved in a sensational divorce case where he was named as the co-respondent. He was found guilty and was ordered by the Court to pay 2000 pounds. The case was reported widely in newspapers in March 1894. Manning's family left Australia for England. The United Kingdom Census of 1901 shows that John and Caroline and their five youngest children were living at 28 London Road, Reigate, a market town in Surrey. John Edye Manning died at Reigate in 1909 and Caroline Manning died twelve years later in 1921 in Kensington aged 79 years. Manning remained in Sydney and in that year he married Mary Constance Salter.
Education
New South Wales
By 1871 the Manning family were renting a substantial Victorian Rustic Gothic style stone house, Clifton Villa, in Balmain. Manning was enrolled at Sydney Grammar School in October 1876 but left the school less than twelve months later, in June 1877. He then attended a local denominational school. On 1 October 1878, aged 12, Manning commenced education at Newington College in Newington House on the Parramatta River at Silverwater, New South Wales. The school was a short trip up river from the new Manning family domicile of Willandra at Ryde. The Rev. Joseph Horner Fletcher was the Principal and Joseph Coates was the Headmaster. Manning was placed in the 3rd Form. In 1880, with the move of Newington College to Stanmore, he was placed in the Lower Sixth Form. He passed the University Junior Examination in 1880 and again in 1881. In 1882 he passed the University Senior Examinarion and left Newington at the end of that year. The Senior Examination was held by the University of Sydney on behalf of the New South Wales Government but was not a matriculation exam.
Tasmania
From 1859 until 1889 the Tasmanian Council of Education held annual examinations for the Degree of Associate of Arts and awarded scholarships to enable students to study at a university in the United Kingdom. The Manning family had extensive interests in northern Tasmania and in 1883 Manning attended Launceston Grammar School and sat for the Tasmanian exam. He took the Associate Degree in
December 1883 and was awarded the first mathematical prizes at the same examination.
University
Instead of studying abroad Manning used his associate degree as entry to the University of Sydney and in 1887 he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts. Whilst at the University he was a resident of St Andrew's College.
Legal career
Manning was admitted as a member of the New South Wales Bar in August 1889 and in March 1890 he was appointed as clerk associate to his uncle His Honour Mr Justice Charles James Manning. On 24 September 1903, Manning was appointed as a Crown Prosecutor in Dubbo.
On returning to Sydney Manning, and his wife and three children, resided at Wandeen at 29 Rangers Road, Neutral Bay. He was a member of the Council of the New South Wales Bar Association from 1912 until 1933. Manning maintained chambers in Sydney until 1940 with his last appearance before the High Court of Australia being in August 1938.
Death
He died at his flat in Inverness, 4 Birriga Road, Bellevue Hill. His wife and only daughter had predeceased him and he was survived by his sons, Reginald Lance Manning, a solicitor of Narrabri, New South Wales, and Neville Horace Manning, a wool broker of Sydney, New South Wales.
References
1866 births
1943 deaths
People educated at Newington College
People from Sydney
Australian barristers
The hoop conjecture, proposed by Kip Thorne in 1972, states that an imploding object forms a black hole when, and only when, a circular hoop with a specific critical circumference could be placed around the object and rotated about its diameter. In simpler terms, the entirety of the object's mass must be compressed to the point that it resides in a perfect sphere whose radius is equal to that object's Schwarzschild radius, if this requirement is not met, then a black hole will not be formed. The critical circumference required for the imaginary hoop is given by the following equation listed below.
where
is the critical circumference;
is the object's Schwarzschild radius;
Thorne calculated the effects of gravitation on objects of different shapes (spheres, and cylinders that are infinite in one direction), and concluded that the object needed to be compressed in all three directions before gravity led to the formation of a black hole. With cylinders, the event horizon was formed when the object could fit inside the hoop described above. The mathematics to prove the same for objects of all shapes was too difficult for him at that time, but he formulated his hypothesis as the hoop conjecture.
See also
General relativity
Bounding sphere
References
Thorne, Kip, Black Holes and Time Warps: Einstein's Outrageous Legacy, W. W. Norton & Company; Reprint edition, January 1, 1995. .
General relativity
Concepción "Cuca" Gamarra Ruiz-Clavijo (born 23 December 1974) is a Spanish politician who is Secretary-General of the People's Party
Biography
Born on 23 December 1974 in Logroño she earned a licentiate degree in Economic Law from the University of Deusto. Elected as municipal councillor of Logroño, she served as deputy mayor from 2003 to 2007. She became Mayor of Logroño after the 2011 municipal election.
She was re-elected Mayor of Logroño for a second mandate in the 2015 municipal election.
She endorsed Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría vis-à-vis the process for the election of the new PP leader in 2018.
She ran as candidate to the Congress of Deputies in the PP at the April 2019 general election, and was elected deputy. She held her seat at the November 2019 general election.
In August 2020, Pablo Casado chose her as the new spokesperson of the PP's parliamentary group in the Congress of Deputies, replacing Cayetana Álvarez de Toledo.
References
Members of the 13th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 14th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Mayors of places in Spain
1974 births
Living people
Kalecik, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Andrew Philip Kehoe (February 1, 1872 – May 18, 1927) was an American mass murderer. Kehoe was a Michigan farmer who became disgruntled after losing reelection as treasurer of the Bath Township school board. He subsequently murdered his wife and then detonated bombs at the Bath Consolidated School on May 18, 1927, resulting in the Bath School disaster. Thirty-eight children and six adults were killed while fifty-eight more people were injured. Kehoe committed suicide near the school by detonating dynamite in his truck, causing an explosion which killed several other people and wounded more. He had earlier set off incendiary devices in his house and farm, destroying all the buildings and killing several farm animals.
Early life and education
Kehoe was born in Tecumseh, Michigan, among the youngest of a family of 13 children. His parents were Philip Kehoe (1833–1915) and Mary (McGovern) Kehoe (1835–1890). He attended Tecumseh High School and Michigan State College (later Michigan State University), where he studied electrical engineering. There, he first met his future wife, Ellen "Nellie" Price, the daughter of a wealthy Lansing family.
After college, Kehoe went southwest, apparently working for several years as an electrician in St. Louis, Missouri. During this period, in 1911, he suffered a severe head injury in a fall which resulted in him being in a coma for two weeks.
Kehoe then moved back in with his father after the injury. During Kehoe's time away his mother had died and his father had married Frances Wilder, whom Kehoe did not like. On September 17, 1911, Frances was severely burned when the family's stove exploded as she was attempting to light it. The fuel soaked her, with her body catching fire. Kehoe threw water from a nearby bucket on her; due to the oil-based nature of the fire, the water did nothing to put the flames out. Frances later died from her injuries, with allegations being made that the stove had been tampered with.
Marriage and family
After his return to Michigan, in 1912 he married Nellie Price. In 1919 the couple bought a farm outside the village of Bath from Nellie's aunt for $12,000 (equivalent to $ in ). He paid $6,000 in cash and took out a $6,000 mortgage.
Personality
Kehoe was regarded by his neighbors as a highly intelligent man who grew impatient and angry with those who disagreed with him. Neighbors recalled that Kehoe was always neat, dressed meticulously, and was known to change his shirt at midday or whenever it became even slightly dirty. Neighbors also recounted how Kehoe was cruel to his farm animals, having once beaten a horse to death. The Kehoes initially attended services at the Catholic church in Bath, but he refused to pay the church's parish assessment of members and prevented his wife from attending.
Kehoe's neighbors thought he preferred mechanical tinkering to farming. His neighbor M. J. "Monty" Ellsworth wrote in his account of the disaster,
Recent analysis labels him a dangerous "injustice collector:" a person who remembers slights and holds a grudge for a long time. While many people may hold grudges, it becomes dangerous when a person begins to feel like a victim and lashes out.
Bath Consolidated School administration
With a reputation for thrift, Kehoe was elected treasurer of the Bath Consolidated School board in 1924. While on the board, Kehoe fought for lower taxes and was often at cross purposes with other board members, voting against them and calling for adjournment when he did not get his way. He repeatedly accused superintendent Emory Huyck of financial mismanagement.
While on the school board, Kehoe was appointed as the Bath Township Clerk in 1925 for a short period. In the spring 1926 election, he was defeated for the position, and was angered by his public defeat. His neighbor Ellsworth thought Kehoe started planning his "murderous revenge" against the community at that time. Another neighbor, A. McMullen, noticed that Kehoe stopped working altogether on his farm in his last year, and thought he might be planning suicide.
During these years, Nellie Kehoe was chronically ill with tuberculosis, and had frequent hospital stays—at the time there was no effective treatment or cure for the disease. By the time of the Bath School disaster, Kehoe had ceased making mortgage and homeowner's insurance payments. The mortgage lender had begun foreclosure proceedings against the farm.
Bath School disaster
The Bath School disaster is the name given to a series of explosions perpetrated by Kehoe on May 18, 1927, in Bath Township, Michigan, which killed 45 people including Kehoe himself, and injured at least 58. Most of the victims were children in the second to sixth grades (7–12 years of age) attending the Bath Consolidated School. The disaster remains the deadliest act of mass murder in a school in U.S. history.
Kehoe killed his wife between May 16, when she returned home from a hospital stay, and the morning of May 18. He moved her body to a farm building before setting off incendiary explosions in their house and farm buildings. About the same time, he had arranged timed explosions in the new school building. The materials in the north wing exploded as planned, killing many students and some adults inside. Kehoe had set a timed detonator to ignite dynamite and hundreds of pounds of pyrotol at the school, which he had secretly bought and planted in the basement of both wings over the course of many months. The second of explosives in the south wing did not detonate, so that part of the school was not destroyed.
As rescuers started gathering at the school, Kehoe drove up and stopped his truck. During a struggle with Superintendent Huyck, Kehoe detonated dynamite stored inside his shrapnel-filled truck, killing himself and Huyck, as well as killing and injuring several others (among them a boy who had survived the initial bombing). During the rescue efforts, searchers discovered the additional of unexploded dynamite and pyrotol planted throughout the basement of the school's south wing. These explosives, connected to an alarm clock that was supposed to act as the detonator, had been set for the same time as the other explosion.
After the bombings, investigators found a wooden sign wired to the farm's fence with Kehoe's last message, "Criminals are made, not born," stenciled on it. When investigators were done taking an inventory of the Kehoe estate, they estimated that, prior to its destruction, sale of the unused equipment and materials on the farm would have yielded enough money to pay off the Kehoes' mortgage.
One of Kehoe's sisters claimed his remains and arranged for burial without ceremony in an unmarked grave at Mount Rest Cemetery in St. Johns, Michigan. The Price family claimed Nellie's remains and had her body buried in Lansing, under her maiden name.
See also
List of school massacres by death toll
Notes
References
External links
1872 births
1927 suicides
20th-century American criminals
American murderers of children
American spree killers
Bombers (people)
Burials in Michigan
Criminals from Michigan
Deaths by car bomb in the United States
Farmers from Michigan
Suicide bombers
Michigan State University alumni
Murder–suicides in Michigan
People from Clinton County, Michigan
People from Tecumseh, Michigan
School board members in Michigan
Suicides by explosive device
Suicides in Michigan
Catholics from Michigan
Adekunle Shamusideen Lawal (8 February 1934 – 27 November 1980) was a Nigerian Naval Admiral who served as military Governor of Lagos State from 1975 to 1977 and military Governor of Imo State from 1977 to 1978.
Early life and education
Adekunle Shamusideen Lawal was born on 8 February 1934 to Ayinde Sulemon Lawal and Ejide Afusat Disu-Lawal in Lagos, Western Region, British Nigeria now Lagos State Nigeria.
He started his education at Holy Cross Cathedral School, Lagos, Nigeria (1942–1945). St Peters Faji School, Lagos Nigeria (1945–1949). His secondary education was completed at the Methodist Boys' High School in Lagos (1950–1955), he studied at College of Technology, Yaba, Lagos, after which he went on to receive his Advanced Level Certificate of Education (A-levels) in three subjects (1958). He worked with the Ministry of Works and Survey in Kano, Nigeria as Assistant Technical Officer (1959). He attended the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Nigeria (1960–1963), from where he graduated in 1963 with B.Sc.(Eng) Honors. He had a CMarEng and FIMarEng (Chartered member and a Fellow member of the Institute of Marine Engineering) and CNSE and FNSE (Chartered and a Fellow member of the Nigerian Society of Engineers), and FSS and PSC.
Lawal joined the Royal Nigerian Navy in September 1963 as a Sub-Lieutenant. In 1964 he was promoted to Lieutenant. In March 1964 he attended a Marine Engineering course with the Royal Naval Ships in Rotterdam, Holland. In 1966 he was promoted to Lieutenant Commander. From 1969 to 1971, he attended the Defence Naval Staff College in Wellington, India, where he received his M.Sc.(Eng). He was Chief of Material in the Nigerian Navy from 1973 to 1978 and was a member of the Supreme Military Council S.M.C. from 1972 to 1975 during the General Yakubu Gowon administration. Lawal was also appointed to the Board of the Nigerian Port Authority as a full Board Member from 1972 to 1975. Lawal also served as the Chief Engineer on numerous naval vessels including the NNS Ogoja, NNS Beecroft and the NNS Nigeria during his time with the Nigerian Navy.
Military governorship
He was appointed Military Governor of Lagos State in July 1975 after the Nigerian Civil War brought General Murtala Mohammed to power. As the governor of the most populous state in Nigeria, one of the major challenges faced by his administration was managing the chaotic traffic problem. During the World Black and African Festival of Arts and Culture, he implemented an odd-even rationing traffic system to ease congestion in the state. Car owners whose license plates began with even numbers were not allowed on most streets on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, and those with odd numbers on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. He was Lagos State Military Governor until 1977 when he was transferred to become governor of Imo State in 1977. He held this position until July 1978, after which he resumed his career in the Nigerian Navy.
Lawal voluntarily retired from the Nigerian Navy as an admiral in 1979, and after an illness he died in November 1980.
References
Yoruba military personnel
Governors of Lagos State
Governors of Imo State
1934 births
1980 deaths
Yoruba politicians
Lagos State politicians
Ahmadu Bello University alumni
Enpuku-ji (円福寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Shingon Risshu school, in Ikoma, Nara, Japan. The main object of worship (本尊) is Amida Nyorai.
History
The official history of the temple wrote that this temple was established in the Tenpyo-Shoho years from 749 to 757 by a famous Japanese monk Gyōki (行基), however, the origin of this temple is unclear. Today, as a result of fires through many centuries, this temple has only one main hall built in the Muromachi Period in 1371.
Cultural properties
Enpuku-ji has two Important Cultural Properties selected by Japanese government:
Its Hondō (Main Hall), built in 1371
Its Hōkyōintō (a type of stone pagoda), made in 1293
Access
Ichibu Station of Kintetsu Ikoma Line
See also
Glossary of Japanese Buddhism, for an explanation of terms concerning Japanese Buddhism, Japanese Buddhist art, and Japanese Buddhist temple architecture, see the
References
Enpuku-ji, Digital Museum of Ikoma City (In Official Home Page of Ikoma City)
Nihon Kotsu Kosha, Nara, Nihon Kotsu Kosha, 1984, p. 138.
Buildings and structures completed in 1371
14th-century Buddhist temples
Buddhist temples in Nara Prefecture
Shingon Ritsu temples
Important Cultural Properties of Japan
1370s establishments in Japan
1371 establishments in Asia
Lokanathan IAS is a 2005 Indian Malayalam language film starring Kalabhavan Mani in the lead role. It was released on 16 September 2005.
Plot
Lokanathan, who witnessed his father(TG Ravi)'s murder at a young age, grows up to become an auto-rickshaw diver, the hero of his slum. His father's murderer, a Politician called Brahmanandan, becomes a minister causing harm to the people who elected him. Lokanathan, by the advice of others becomes an IAS officer.
Brahmanandan introduces his niece Durga, an IPS officer, to fight Lokanathan. Soon, Lokan is thrown out from his position. He is fought by the goons of Brahmanandan. But he is saved by Durga, who turns a new leaf and becomes his helper. Later, Lokanathan won the hearts of many people and became an MLA. Brahmanandan, who notes her change, kidnaps and kills Lokanathan's sister in front of him. The film ends with Lokanathan smashing the goons of Brahmanandan, and finally killing him.
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as Lokanathan
Harisree Ashokan as Ajayan, Lokanathan's friend
Gayatri Jayaraman as Durga IPS, Brahmanandan's niece
T. G. Ravi as Com. Pappan, Lokanathan's father
KPAC Lalitha as Lokanathan's mother
Suja Karthika as Lokanathan's sister
Kalasala Babu as Hamsa
Sadiq as Chandrashekharan
Anil Murali as Santhosh
Nishanth Sagar as Aravindan
Ranjith as Bramanadan
V. K. Sreeraman as Hassan Haji
References
2005 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
John Calvert Hibbert (4 August 1853 – 23 March 1929) was an English first-class cricketer and banker.
The son of Leicester Hibbert, he was born in August 1853 at Chalfont St Peter, Buckinghamshire. He studied at the Royal Agricultural College at Cirencester, but became a banker. He played first-class cricket for the Marylebone Cricket Club making two appearances against Hampshire in 1881 and Somerset in 1882. He struggled as a batsman, being dismissed for a duck in all three of his innings' in first-class cricket. Hibbert died in Southern France at Saint-Raphaël while staying with relatives in March 1929. His uncle, Charles Calvert, was also a first-class cricketer.
References
External links
1853 births
1929 deaths
People from Chalfont St Peter
Alumni of the Royal Agricultural University
English bankers
English cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
John Duncanson may refer to:
John Duncanson (minister) (c. 1530–1601), Scottish clergyman, tutor and chaplain to King James VI
John Duncanson (broadcaster), former British television continuity announcer and presenter
Sir John Duncanson (industrialist), British industrialist
Honest to Goodness is the debut album by Southern rock band Grinderswitch, released in 1974. The album contains contributions from Dickey Betts and Jaimoe of The Allman Brothers Band.
Critical reception
Billboard wrote that the band "sound like a less virtuoso Marshall Tucker Band."
Track listing
All songs written by Dru Lombar except where noted:
"Kiss the Blues Goodbye" - 4:55
"Can't Keep a Good Man Down" (D. Lombar, J.D. Petty, L. Howard, R. Burnett) - 3:54
"How the West Was Won" (L. Howard) - 5:22
"Eighty Miles to Memphis" (J.D. Petty) - 3:00
"Catch a Train" - 4:44
"Roll On Gambler" - 5:15
"Homebound" - 6:45
"Peach County Jamboree" - 3:48
"You're So Fine" (Live Version) - 3:29 (1994 CD Reissue)
Personnel
Band members
Dru Lombar - lead and slide guitars, lead vocals
Larry Howard - electric and acoustic guitars
Joe Dan Petty - bass, backing vocals
Rick Burnett - drums, congas, percussion
Additional musicians
Paul Hornsby - piano and organ
Richard Betts - Guitar on "Kiss the Blues Goodbye"
Jaimoe - Congas on "Can't Keep a Good Man Down" and "How the West Was Won"
Production
Design, Art Direction - Richard Mantel
Engineer - O.V. Sparks
Asst. Engineer - Tony Humphreys
Mastered by Bob Ludwig
Photography by Al Clayton
Producer - Paul Hornsby
Tape Asst. - Carolyn Harriss, Richard Schoff
References
1974 albums
Grinderswitch albums
Heather Brigstocke, Baroness Brigstocke CBE (2 September 1929 – 30 April 2004) was a British schoolteacher, academic and Conservative Life Peer.
Life
She was born into a working-class family as Heather Renwick Brown in Birchington, Kent, the daughter of Squadron Leader John Renwick Brown, DFC, a former Scottish miner and newsagent. Brown was persuaded to have a career in the RAF after the war.
She was educated at The Abbey School, Reading, where a classics teacher encouraged her to apply to university. She won a state scholarship
to Girton College, Cambridge, later switching to the Archaeology and Anthropology course. Brigstocke was a talented stage actress, but her parents refused to allow her to pursue her wishes. She had developed a mellifluous voice, rich with charm, which she put to good use at business school, and later on when talking to parents. She spent her time at university touring Sweden with an acting troupe performing Shakespeare, and then at parties with the likes of Norman St John Stevas and Julian Slade. She was the first woman to win the Winchester Reading Prize, leaving with a lower second degree.
After a short period as a management trainee at Selfridges, she won a classics teacher's job at the independent Francis Holland School, and then at Godolphin and Latymer in Hammersmith.
In 1952, she married Geoffrey Brigstocke, a civil servant and diplomat, and former POW. They had four children, three sons and one daughter, David Hugh Charles, Julian, Thomas, and Emma Persephone.
In 1961, she travelled with her husband to his post in Washington D.C., where she taught Latin at the National Cathedral School. In 1963, they returned to London and she returned to the Francis Holland School as headmistress from 1965 to 1974, and High Mistress of St Paul's Girls' School from 1974 to 1989.
On 21 May 1990, she was created a life peer as Baroness Brigstocke, of Kensington in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea and sat as a Conservative. She was part of many educational societies during the 1990s and was the founding chairman of Home-Start International. She was appointed a Governess of Imperial College, London.
Second marriage
On 22 January 2000, Lady Brigstocke, widowed since her husband had died in 1974 on Turkish Airlines Flight 981, married the fellow widower peer, Hugh Griffiths, Baron Griffiths, the law lord who had an interest in fishing. They were one of the few couples who both held titles in their own right. Brigstocke had got to know him when his wife, Evelyn, was chairman of the St Paul's Girls' School governors, and she had often stayed with them on the Isle of Wight. In the Millennium Honours list she was made Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (CBE) for services to the English-speaking Union, of which she had been Chairman since 1993. She was revelled in her work as chairman of Landau Forte College, in Derby, from 1993, and enjoyed being an honorary bencher of the Inner Temple.
Death
Baroness Brigstocke died in 2004, aged 74 in Athens, Greece, in a road traffic accident, when she tried to cross a badly-lit road with her assistant Rosemary Magid after a charity meeting. Both women were killed by a speeding driver. Her body was taken home to her children and executors at 26 Edwardes Square, W8.
References
Bibliography
External links
Biodata
Obituary in The Independent
Obituary in The Guardian
Obituary in The Daily Telegraph
Death Notice in the New York Times
Obituary in The Times
1929 births
2004 deaths
Alumni of Girton College, Cambridge
Heads of schools in England
Schoolteachers from Kent
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Conservative Party (UK) life peers
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
Spouses of life peers
People from Reading, Berkshire
Road incident deaths in Greece
Woman heads of schools in the United Kingdom
People educated at The Abbey School
20th-century British women politicians
People from Birchington-on-Sea
Justin Paul Viele (born November 13, 1990) is an American professional baseball hitting coach for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball (MLB). He attended Santa Clara University. Viele was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 37th round of the 2013 MLB draft.
High school, college, and playing career
Viele attended Esperanza High School in Anaheim, California. Undrafted out of high school, he attended Santa Clara University for four years (2010–2013). Viele graduated from Santa Clara with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology.
Viele was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 37th round of the 2013 MLB draft. He spent 2013 and 2014 in the Baltimore organization, playing for the Gulf Coast Orioles, Aberdeen IronBirds, and Delmarva Shorebirds.
Coaching career
Viele began his coaching career in 2015, as an assistant coach for the Frederick Keys in the Baltimore organization. He returned to Santa Clara University as an assistant coach for the 2015–16 and 2016–2017 seasons. Viele joined the Los Angeles Dodgers organization in 2017, serving as the hitting coach for the Ogden Raptors in the Pioneer League. He served as the hitting coach for the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes in the Class A-Advanced California League in 2018. Viele served as the hitting coach for the Glendale Desert Dogs of the Arizona Fall League in 2018. In 2019, he served as the hitting coach for the Great Lakes Loons in the Class A Midwest League.
Viele joined the San Francisco Giants as a hitting coach prior to the 2020 season.
References
External links
Santa Clara Broncos bio
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fullerton, California
Baseball coaches from California
Baseball players from California
Baseball infielders
Major League Baseball hitting coaches
San Francisco Giants coaches
Santa Clara Broncos baseball players
Gulf Coast Orioles players
Aberdeen IronBirds players
Delmarva Shorebirds players
Santa Clara Broncos baseball coaches
Minor league baseball coaches
Santa Clara University alumni
Eau Claire Express players
Hilton is an unincorporated community located in Howard County in the state of Maryland, United States.
The crossroads community was formed along the crossroads of old Mantgomery road and Columbia Pike, one mile south of Ellicott City. In 1913, James Booker Clark built a mansion at Elkridge Farm resembling the White House, which was destroyed by fire on 2 July 1920, with a cracked water reservoir at a time when he was facing litigation against family for a failed coal mine project. A Target store in Long Gate shopping center now occupies the site. A National Guard Armory and later Long Gate Shopping Center dominate the eastern boundaries. The location address has been absorbed as part of Ellicott City.
See also
Temora (Ellicott City, Maryland)
White Hall (Ellicott City, Maryland)
Hagen House (Omar J Jones House)
References
Unincorporated communities in Maryland
Unincorporated communities in Howard County, Maryland
Oscar Larsson (born March 21, 1995) is a Swedish ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Brynäs IF of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).
Larsson made his Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2014–15 SHL season. On August 26, 2015, Larsson committed to play Division 3 hockey for Northland College.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Brynäs IF players
Swedish ice hockey forwards
Ziemnice may refer to the following places in Poland:
Ziemnice, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Ziemnice, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Jeffrey "Jeff" Simon (born August 17, 1989) is an American short track speed skater and three-time bronze medallist at the World Championships.
At the 2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships in Sheffield, England, Simon won three bronze medals. In his first event, Simon won a bronze medal in the men's 1500 m, finishing behind Noh Jin-Kyu and Charles Hamelin. Simon won his second bronze in the men's 3000 m, finishing behind Noh Jin-Kyu and Liang Wenhao. In his last event, the men's 5000 m relay, Simon won the bronze with Kyle Carr, Travis Jayner, and Anthony Lobello. Simon also competed in the men's 500 and 1000 m but did not advance to the finals in either event.
References
External links
Jeff Simon's profile, from the International Skating Union.
Jeff Simon's profile, from ShorttrackOnLine.info.
1989 births
Living people
American male short track speed skaters
John Browne (1687–1764) was an Oxford academic and administrator. He was Fellow and Master of University College, Oxford, and also served as Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University.
Biography
John Browne was the sixth son of Richard Browne of Marton, Yorkshire. On 23 May 1704, he matriculated as a student at University College, Oxford, and was then elected as a Browne Exhibitioner on 16 November 1705. On 27 October 1708, he was elected to be a Freeston Minor Exhibitioner and later on
23 August 1711 he was elected as a Skirlaw Fellow.
After being a student at University College, Browne was a Fellow at the College from 1711 to 1739. He served in a number of duties for the College, such as Dean, Praelector in Greek, and Registrar. He was also tutor to a number of students. In around 1714, Browne took on the living of Long Compton, Warwickshire.In 1738, Browne became Archdeacon of Northampton. In 1743, he became a Canon of Peterborough Cathedral. From 1745, he was Master of University College.
In 1753, as Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University, Browne chose the design for the Oxford Almanack. This included King Alfred, the supposed founder of University College at the time, in front of the Radcliffe Quad, University College's second quadrangle.
Browne bequeathed his books to the Master of University College and his successors. The library was originally located in a ground-floor room in the Radcliffe Quad of the College. However, when a new Master's Lodgings was built, the books were moved there. They form a decorative backdrop in the dining room, in fitted bookcases.
John Browne died on 7 August 1764.
References
1764 deaths
Alumni of University College, Oxford
18th-century English educators
18th-century English Anglican priests
Fellows of University College, Oxford
Masters of University College, Oxford
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Oxford
1687 births
Nancy Bayley (28 September 1899 – 25 November 1994) was an American psychologist best known for her work on the Berkeley Growth Study and the subsequent Bayley Scales of Infant Development. Originally interested in teaching, she eventually gained interest in psychology, for which she went on to obtain her Ph.D. in from the University of Iowa in 1926. Within two years, Bayley had accepted a position at the Institute for Child Welfare (now called the Institute for Human Development) at the University of California, Berkeley. There she began the longitudinal Berkeley Growth Study, which worked to create a guide of physical and behavioral growth across development. Bayley also examined the development of cognitive and motor functions in children, leading to her belief that intelligence evolves over the course of child development. In 1954, Bayley began working on the National Collaborative Perinatal Project (NCPP) with the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), where she applied her work to infants. After retiring in 1968, Bayley synthesized her work and published the Bayley Scales of Infant Development, which is still in use today. For her efforts in the field of psychology, Bayley became the first woman to receive the Distinguished Scientific Contribution award from the American Psychological Association (APA), of which she was a fellow, amongst other honorary awards. Bayley was also a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. She died at the age of 95 from a respiratory illness.
Biography
Early life and education
Bayley was born on September 28, 1899, in Dalles, Oregon. She was the fourth of five children born to Prudence Cooper Bayley and Fredrick W. Bayley. She came from a family of pioneers. Until the age of 8, Bayley was a sickly child and could not attend school. Yet, even with her delayed enrollment at public school, she quickly caught up. Later, she enrolled in the University of Washington to become an English teacher, but after taking an introductory psychology course she changed her path. In 1922, she completed her Bachelor of Science in psychology, which was followed by a Master of Science in the same field in 1924. During her years at the University of Washington, she got the opportunity to work as a laboratory assistant in the Gatzert Foundation for Child Welfare. Bayley earned her doctoral degree at the University of Iowa in 1926.
Career and marriage
Bayley started her career in 1926 at the University of Wyoming, where she was an instructor until 1928. There she published her first of almost 200 papers. In 1928, Bayley moved to the University of California, Berkeley, to work in the Institute of Child Welfare. It was here that Bayley began work on the Berkeley Growth Study. On April 7, 1929, she married her husband, John, R. Reid. He was at the University of California, Berkeley completing his own doctoral work in philosophy. In 1954, she went to the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda, Maryland, where she worked on child development in the Laboratory of Psychology. In 1964, Bayley returned to Berkeley and published the Bayley Scales of Infant Development. She retired in 1968 but continued to revise the Bayley Scales of Infant Development. Bayley and her husband lived the remainder of their lives in Carmel, California. She died at the age of 95 from respiratory illness.
Berkeley Growth Study
In 1928, Bayley began work at the Institute for Child Welfare at the University of California, Berkeley, on what is referred to as the Berkeley Growth Study. The study aimed to study human development from infancy to adulthood on a range of physical, psychological, and physiological characteristics. Bayley became the director of the program in 1931. Through her efforts, Bayley was able to publish the California First-Year Mental Scale in 1933 and the California Infant Scale of Motor Development in 1936, precursors to her later Bayley Scales of Infant Development.
Sample demographics
The Berkeley Growth Study had 61 participating children born between September 25, 1928, and May 15, 1929. The children were white, raised in English-speaking homes within the Berkeley area, and were of above average socioeconomic status. Measurements began four days after birth, at which time all children were considered to be of normal health. The sample decreased to 42 participating children by 1941, due primarily to family relocation.
Measurements
Bayley assessed the children on their physical, motor, mental, and physiological development. An analysis of trends in the data was then conducted, with particular reference to the age of developments, as well as a correlational investigation of relating factors. Assessments were conducted once a month from birth to 15 months, once every three months from 15–36 months, and every six months after 36 months. Initial measurements focused on reflexes and bodily measurements, such as blood pressure and breathing rates. Additionally, information was gathered regarding the maternal and prenatal history. Subsequent assessments were conducted at the Institute for Child Welfare, as well as at home visits, pediatric centers, and at play-based field group outings.
Mental measurements included the California First-Year Mental Scale, the California Pre-school Mental Scale, vocabulary tests, and Stanford-Binet intelligence tests. Motor assessments examined speed, dexterity, and reflexes, amongst other things. Participants completed the California Infant Scale of Motor Development, as well as examinations of footprint records. Physiological tests assessed exercise and exertion abilities, the galvanic skin reflex, and metabolism. Additional assessments involved body dimensions, x-rays, and tests of emotion and personality.
Outcomes
Variations in intelligence across the lifespan led Bayley to conclude that intelligence is not fixed at birth, but instead impacted by encounters with environmental factors. Bayley thus argued that hindrances in development stemmed from social influences, such as poverty, rather than psychological influences. Other factors Bayley considered vitally important to development were parenting attitudes and behaviors. Examinations of x-rays and physiological growth led Bayley to become the first scientist to recognize the predictability of adult height based on infant size. Additionally, Bayley discovered no gender differences in terms of physical and psychological development.
Measures of assessment were later published by Bayley, including the California First-Year Mental Scale and the California Infant Scale of Motor Development, which collectively lead to the development of the Bayley Scales of Infant Development.
Bayley Scales of Infant Development
Developing the scales
The original version of the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development were published by Nancy Bayley in 1969, though they have since been revised to the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development-II (BSID-II) and the currently used BSID-III. The original BSID was developed by combining three previous scales: the California First-Year Mental Scale, the California Preschool Mental Scale, and the California Infant Scale of Motor Development. The purpose of the BSID-III is to gain further information about a child's developmental milestones and abilities, as well as to intervene at an early age if a learning disability presents itself.
Measurements
The Mental and Motor Scales have remained relatively the same through all versions, with some changes made to the Behavior Rating Scale. These changes include: age range, norms altered to function more successfully with modernization, and greater validity and reliability. The Mental Scale presented in BSID-II assesses children using a normalized standardized scoring system – the Mental Development Index (MDI) – and a standard scoring system – the Psychomotor Development Index (PDI). The MDI is used to measure mental capabilities in children, including sensory and perceptual acuities, object constancy, memory, learning, problem-solving, early verbal communication, early abstract thinking ability, and early number concepts. The PDI is used to gauge control of the body, such as fine and gross motor skills. The Behavior Rating Scale presents a numerical assessment of a child's attention, arousal, orientation/engagement, emotional regulation, and motor ability. The BSID-III is most beneficial for studies regarding developmental, psychological, and neuropsychological information in children up to 42 months old; after 42 months of age the information becomes less reliable. The amount of time required to administer the test depends greatly on the age of the child. This variability occurs because each portion of the test has specific instructions on how to administer it to the child. For instance, in the motor tasks there are certain positions the child is to be placed in. When scoring the test, each task throughout both motor and cognitive is either given or not given credit based on how the child responds to the task that is presented. Notes are made along the way while administering the test if there are refusals made, items are omitted, or there is an issue with the caregiver report. In these cases, an examiner will go back and administer another exam to obtain data for that test.
Selected works
Bayley, N., & Jones, H. E. (1937). Environmental correlates of mental and motor development: A cumulative study from infancy to six years. Child Development, 8, 329–341.
Bayley, N. (1940). Studies in the development of young children. Berkeley: University of California Press
Jones, H. E., & Bayley, N. (1941). The Berkeley growth study. Child Development, 12(2), 167–173.
Bayley, N. (1949). Consistency and variability in the growth of intelligence from birth to eighteen years. Journal of Genetic Psychology, 75, 165–196.
Bayley, N. (1966). Bayley Scales of Infant Development. New York: Psychological Corporation.
Bayley, N. (1968). Behavioral correlates of mental growth: Birth to thirty-six years. American Psychologist, 23, 1-17.
References
American women psychologists
20th-century American psychologists
Developmental psychologists
1899 births
1994 deaths
People from Carmel-by-the-Sea, California
People from The Dalles, Oregon
20th-century American women
Diego Ramírez de Fuenleal (1459–1537) (also known as Diego Ramírez de Haro, Diego Ramírez de Villaescusa, or Diego Ramírez de Arellano) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Cuenca (1518–1537), Bishop of Málaga (1500–1518), and Bishop of Astorga (1498–1500).
Biography
Diego Ramírez de Fuenleal was born on 7 December 1459.
In 1498, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VI as Bishop of Astorga.
On 7 February 1500, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VI as Bishop of Málaga.
In 1518, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Leo X as Bishop of Cuenca.
He served as Bishop of Cuenca until his death in 1537.
While bishop, he was the principal co-consecrator of Fernando Valdés, Bishop of Elne (1529).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
15th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Castile
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VI
Bishops appointed by Pope Leo X
1459 births
1537 deaths
The Hillberg EH1-01 RotorMouse is an American helicopter that was designed by Donald Gene Hillberg and produced by Hillberg Helicopters of Fountain Valley, California, first flying in 1993. Now out of production, when it was available the aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
Design and development
The EH1-01 RotorMouse was designed to comply with the US Experimental - Amateur-built aircraft rules. It features a single main rotor, a two-bladed tail rotor, a single-seat enclosed cockpit with a windshield, skid-type landing gear. The acceptable power range is and the standard engine used is a Garrett AiResearch 36-55 auxiliary power unit (APU).
The aircraft's semi-monocoque fuselage is made from 2024-T3 aluminum sheet. Its diameter two-bladed rotor employs a NACA 0012 airfoil. The aircraft has an empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of . With full fuel of , located in a crash-resistant fuel cell, the payload for pilot and baggage is . The cabin width is and the aircraft mounts stub wings similar to the Bell AH-1 HueyCobra.
Operational history
By 1998 the company reported that one aircraft was completed and flying.
By March 2015 one example had been registered in the United States with the Federal Aviation Administration. The sole one on the registry was in the name of the designer.
Variants
EH1-01 RotorMouse
Single seat version, one completed
EH1-02 TandemMouse
Proposed two seats-in-tandem version to resemble the Bell AH-1 HueyCobra. It was proposed to have been powered by a Solar T-62 turbine engine of .
Specifications (EH1-01 RotorMouse)
See also
List of rotorcraft
References
External links
Photo of the prototype Hillberg EH1-01 RotorMouse
Photo of the prototype Hillberg EH1-01 RotorMouse
EH1-01 RotorMouse
1990s United States sport aircraft
1990s United States helicopters
Homebuilt aircraft
Helicopters
Single-turbine helicopters
Aircraft first flown in 1993
Karavansaray or Karavansarai may refer to:
Ijevan, Armenia, a town formerly known as Karavansarai
Caravanserai (alternate spelling)
Barry Burns is a Scottish musician best known for his work with post-rock band Mogwai.
Early life
Burns went to Cardinal Newman High School in Bellshill before enrolling with the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow, taking up a Bachelor of Education degree in teaching music. He did not finish the degree, completing only 3 years of the course. He broke his finger, which is why he did not go back, though he has also said that he was not at ease with the teaching part of the course.
Career
Mogwai
Burns joined Mogwai just before the recording of their second album, Come on Die Young. He had already played a few gigs with the band beforehand as a flautist and occasional pianist. According to Stuart Braithwaite, Burns joined the band because he was a "good laugh". Burns is a versatile multi-instrumentalist and contributes (among other things) keyboards, guitar, vocals (mainly through a Vocoder), and flute. He is also the only member of Mogwai with a formal foundation in music theory, but he claims he is "a bit rusty".
Other
Burns contributed piano, and organ to the Arab Strap's albums, Elephant Shoe, The Red Thread, Monday at the Hug and Pint, and The Last Romance. He contributed piano, organ, rhodes, and vocals to Malcolm Middleton's albums, 5:14 Fluoxytine Seagull Alcohol John Nicotine, Into The Woods, A Brighter Beat and Sleight of Heart. He contributed guitar and Fender Rhodes to the 2004 album Grown Backwards by David Byrne on the track "Tiny Apocalypse". He has also played keyboards on the 2009 album Prevention by Scottish band De Rosa. He often plays DJ sets, often alongside fellow band member Stuart Braithwaite.
Along with wife Rachel, Burns owns the bar Das Gift in the Neukölln district of Berlin.
References
Mogwai members
Scottish multi-instrumentalists
Living people
1974 births
Valerie Constance Yule (2 January 1929 – 28 January 2021) was an Australian researcher in literacy and imagination, and a clinical child psychologist, academic, school psychologist and teacher, working in disadvantaged schools, Melbourne and Monash Universities in psychology and education; the Royal Children's Hospital, Melbourne and the Royal Aberdeen Children's Hospital; and hon. research fellow (Psychology) at Aberdeen University.
Yule died on 28 January 2021. She was posthumously awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia at the 2021 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Education
Methodist Ladies' College, Melbourne (East 1945), BA (Hons), History and English, MA Psychology, Dip Ed, and PhD Education - research thesis on Orthography and Reading, Spelling and Society.
Memberships
Fellow of the Galton Institute (UK); Member, British Psychological Society; Vice-President, Simplified Spelling Society (UK); Member, Independent Scholars Association of Australia, and of Australian educational and social reforming organizations. Founder, the non-profit Australian Centre for Social Innovations, 1991; member, the British Institute for Social Inventions, 1984.
Original work
Research to make literacy easier by removing the barriers. This includes the concept of online access to understanding and self-help, and improving English spelling by maximising its advantages as well as reducing its disadvantages to meet needs and abilities of users and learners. This cognitive psychological research approach goes beyond the conventional assumptions of a purely phonetic solution to spelling reform as defined in Wikipedia.
Studies of children's imagination and applied imagination.
Social innovations; alternatives for social problems; more natural childcare; preventing waste of intelligence; the cognitive effects of very loud music, now pervasive and global; non-destructive pleasures; economic and political alternatives for sustainability without requiring continual growth; humane solutions to population growth; cutting production of waste to reduce carbon emissions; the psychology of peace.
Published work
What Happens to Children: The Origins of violence. A Collection of stories told by disadvantaged children who could not write them. Sydney: Angus & Robertson 1979
Psychology For Teenagers - Making the Most of Who You Are
What's Primary School for, anyway? Melbourne: Primary Education, 1981
The Encyclopaedia of Social Inventions. Ed. Valerie Yule & Nicholas Albery. Institute of Social Inventions. London. 1989.
The Book of Spells & Misspells. Sussex, UK: The Book Guild. 2005
L. Ivanov and V. Yule. Roman Phonetic Alphabet for English. Contrastive Linguistics. XXXII, 2007, 2. pp. 50–64
See also
Interspel
Notes
External links
Spelling Reform on valerieyule.com.au
English Spelling Improvement on valerieyule.com.au
Valerie Yule Spelling Video on Eidos Fresh Ideas, YouTube
Valerie Yule Articles on Online Opinion
Crisis of Human Energy on Ockham's Razor
Valerie Yule on Employee Democracy on Access My Library
1929 births
2021 deaths
Child psychologists
Monash University faculty
Australian non-fiction writers
Australian psychologists
Australian women psychologists
Peace psychologists
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
University of Melbourne faculty
California Unions for Reliable Energy (CURE) is a coalition of labor unions, mainly affiliated with the State Building & Construction Trades Council of California, that uses California Environmental Quality Act lawsuits (or threats thereof) to force developers of power plants, including new solar and other clean energy projects, to sign "project labor agreements", which require construction be done by union workers.
This practice has been described as "greenmailing".
Using union construction workers has been estimated to increase the cost of renewable energy projects by about 20%.
References
Environment of California
Trade unions in California
FLANG or Flang may refer to:
Flang, a project to add Fortran support to LLVM, a compiler infrastructure project.
Florida Air National Guard (FL ANG), US
See also
FLAG (chemotherapy), a chemotherapy regimen
The Professional Fraternity Association (PFA) is an American association of national, collegiate, professional fraternities and sororities that was formed in . Since PFA groups are discipline-specific, members join while pursuing graduate (law, medicine, etc.) degrees as well as undergraduate (business, engineering, etc.) degrees. PFA groups seek to develop their members professionally in addition to the social development commonly associated with general fraternities. Membership requirements of the PFA are broad enough to include groups that do not recruit new members from a single professional discipline. The PFA has welcomed service and honor fraternities as members; however, Greek letter honor societies more commonly belong to the Association of College Honor Societies.
History
The Professional Panhellenic Association (PPA), for women's groups, was founded in , and the Professional Interfraternity Conference (PIC), for men's groups, was founded in . These groups came about due to rapid growth among all types of fraternities during the late 1920s.
Professional Panhellenic Association
On , representatives from fourteen professional fraternities for women attended an organizational meeting in Washington, D.C. During the summer a provisional constitution was ratified by the following eleven fraternities: Delta Omicron (music), Kappa Beta Pi (law), Omicron Nu (home economics), Phi Beta (music and speech), Phi Delta Pi (physical education), Phi Chi Theta (commerce), Phi Delta Delta (law), Phi Upsilon Omicron (home economics), Pi Lambda Theta (education), Sigma Sigma Sigma (education), and Theta Sigma Phi (journalism). Two additional fraternities, Sigma Alpha Iota (music) and Iota Sigma Pi (chemistry), soon ratified the constitution. The resulting thirteen member groups participated in the second annual conference on . Originally known as Women's Professional Panhellenic Association until , when the revised name was adopted.
Professional Interfraternity Conference
On March 2–3, 1928, delegates from 27 professional fraternities came together in Washington, DC to organize the PIC. Jarvis Butler of Sigma Nu Phi was elected as the first president, and Stroud Jordan of Alpha Chi Sigma was elected as the first Secretary-treasurer.
Groups represented were
Accounting: Beta Alpha Psi
Advertising: Alpha Delta Sigma
Architecture: Alpha Rho Chi
Chemistry: Alpha Chi Sigma
Commerce: Alpha Kappa Psi, Delta Sigma Pi
Dentistry: Alpha Omega, Psi Omega
Education: Kappa Phi Kappa
Engineering: Kappa Eta Kappa (Electrical), Theta Tau
Forensic: Phi Delta Gamma
General: Omicron Delta Kappa
Law: Delta Theta Phi, Gamma Eta Gamma, Phi Alpha Delta, Phi Beta Gamma, Sigma Nu Phi
Medicine: Omega Upsilon Phi, Phi Beta Pi, Phi Rho Sigma, Theta Kappa Psi
Pharmacy: Kappa Psi, Phi Delta Chi
Military: Scabbard and Blade
Science: Chi Beta Phi
Professional Fraternity Association
The PFA resulted from the merger of the Professional Interfraternity Conference and the Professional Panhellenic Association in 1978. The merger itself was the result of the impact of Title IX on most fraternal groups with professional affiliations.
Chartering organizations:
Alpha Delta Theta – Medical Technology
Alpha Kappa Psi – Business Administration
Alpha Rho Chi – Architecture
Alpha Tau Delta – Nursing
Alpha Chi Sigma – Chemistry
Alpha Omega – Dentistry
Delta Theta Phi – Law
Delta Omicron – Music
Delta Sigma Delta – Dentistry
Delta Sigma Pi – Business Administration
Delta Psi Kappa – Physical Education
Zeta Phi Eta – Communication Arts and Sciences
Kappa Beta Pi – Law
Kappa Delta Epsilon – Education
Kappa Epsilon – Pharmacy
Kappa Psi – Pharmacy
Lambda Kappa Sigma – Pharmacy
Mu Phi Epsilon – Music
Xi Psi Phi – Dentistry
Rho Pi Phi – Pharmacy
Sigma Alpha Iota – Music
Sigma Delta Kappa – Law
Sigma Phi Delta – Engineering
Phi Alpha Delta – Law
Phi Beta – Music, Speech, Drama and Dance
Phi Beta Pi-Theta Kappa Psi – Medical
Phi Gamma Nu – Business
Phi Delta Epsilon – Medical
Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia – Music
Phi Rho Sigma – Medicine
Phi Chi – Medicine
Phi Chi Theta – Business and Economics
Psi Omega – Dentistry
Omega Tau Sigma – Veterinary Medicine
Current members
Current membership of active members as of .
Former members
This includes the member organizations of the two former groups (PIC, PPA) that merged to form the PFA and organizations not currently active within the PFA.
Notes
Note 1: PIC Charterer indicates participation in the "Preparatory Conference" at the Hamilton Hotel, Washington, D.C., on March 2 and 3, 1928.
Note 2: PPA Charterer indicates ratification of the provisional constitution of the PPA by the Second Annual Conference on November 26, 1926.
Note 3: PFA Charterer indicates membership in good standing in the PPA or PIC at the time of the merger and thus by the agreement of the joint conference in October 1977, charter members.
Note 4: Membership in 1968 only included in notes if group was not a charterer for both PPA/PIC and PFA.
References
External links
Official site
Organizations established in 1978
Student societies in the United States
International student societies
Supraorganizations
Greek letter umbrella organizations
1978 establishments in the United States
Tusenbröder is a drama TV-series on Swedish Television in three seasons, from 2002 (season 1), 2003 (season 2) and 2006 (season 3). The third installment of the series first opened on the big screen, March 10, 2006, edited together as one film, before later being shown on TV as a longer series.
Story
Season 1
The main character of the Tusenbröder series is Hoffa (Ola Rapace), living a middle class life with his wife and children in a suburb of Stockholm. Hoffa owns a small business with his two best friends, Niklas (Shanti Roney) and Hamid (Danilo Bejarano). But business is slow and they are in debt. First they borrow money from the local mobsters, and when they can't pay them back and realize the danger of the situation they decide to rob a bank.
Season 2
Hoffa is now serving time in prison for the bank robberies. He knows that his wife Annelie (Anja Lundqvist) is spending more and more time with the neighbor Patrick (Magnus Krepper), and Hoffa is worried she'll leave him for Patrick. In jail Hoffa befriends Petter (Jakob Eklund), and they developed a plan for how to escape. Once out of jail, Petter becomes mentally unstable without his medication and starts killing people. Petter is eventually taken by the police but he blames all the killings on Hoffa. Hoffa steals a small boat and heads out on the Baltic Sea where the boat sinks in a storm.
Season 3
Everyone assumes Hoffa is dead and his wife remarries Patrick. But Hoffa is alive and he floats ashore in Estonia and is taken in by a family there. Hoffa has a relationship with the woman in the family and her husband finds out but forgives Hoffa when he saves his little daughter from drowning. Hoffa decides he wants to go back to Sweden and uses a fake passport, but the police soon find out he has resurfaced. In the meantime, the marriage of Annelie and Patrick is cracking.
Cast
Ola Rapace as Hoffa
Anja Lundqvist as Annelie, Hoffas wife
Bisse Unger as Max, Hoffas child
Danilo Bejarano as Hamid
Shanti Roney as Niklas
Jacob Ericksson as Tommy
Jakob Eklund as Petter
Magnus Krepper as Patrik
Ivan Mathias Petersson as Tobias
External links
Swedish television soap operas
2002 Swedish television series debuts
2000s Swedish television series
Austin Krajicek and Tennys Sandgren were the current champions, but did not compete this year.
Ken and Neal Skupski won the title by defeating Malek Jaziri and Alexander Kudryavtsev 6–1, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Turk Telecom Izmir Cup - Doubles
2014 Doubles
The Clarence Peck Residence, also known as the Dr. Hosea Townsend House, Madame Peck Residence, and Old White House, is a Greek Revival styled home. It was home to Clarence Peck, and is located at 430-434 Lake Dr., Oconomowoc, Wisconsin at the East end of Lac La Belle and south of the Lac La Belle dam. It consists of two sections, the main house, started in 1846, and an addition on the north, built . The two sections were connected by an enclosed porch, which was removed about 1923, leaving two separate houses. It has since been reconverted to a single residence.
History
The house was originally built by Martin Townsend for his son, Dr. Hosea B. Townsend. Dr. Townsend was the area's first physician. The house passed through a succession of short-term owners, including two other doctors and use as a school for boys.
In 1872, Mrs. Phillip F. W. Peck, also known as "Madame" Peck, of Chicago purchased the property, where it became a hub for area socializing and yachting. The Peck family is attributed to elevating the status of the area as a summer destination for elite Chicago families.
In 1878, Clarence Peck acquired the property from his mother and in 1893 began extensive modifications, including the installation of ten columns on the north portion of the house. The columns had been imported from the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition.
See also
Ferdinand Peck
References
Greek Revival houses in Wisconsin
Houses completed in 1846
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
Neoclassical architecture in Wisconsin
Houses in Waukesha County, Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places in Waukesha County, Wisconsin
The BMD Kougari Oval is a sports venue in the Brisbane, Australia suburb of Manly West. Since 1967, it has been the home of the Wynnum-Manly Seagulls, a rugby league club playing in the Queensland Cup. The ground has a capacity of about 5,000 spectators, and the current naming-rights sponsor is The BMD Group, a Brisbane urban development company.
The ground is occasionally used for trial matches by the Brisbane Broncos, to which the Seagulls are affiliated, and has been used for youth internationals by the Australia national schoolboy rugby league team - one of which resulted in that team's heaviest defeat, an 8-46 loss to the Junior Kiwis in 2005.
The ground was built by the club on land purchased in 1964, and was originally known as Wondall Road ground. The current name was adopted in about 1971, and comes from the Yugambeh word for seagull.
References
External links
Wynnum-Manly Seagulls website
Sports venues in Brisbane
Rugby league stadiums in Australia
Rugby union stadiums in Australia
Wynnum Manly Seagulls
1964 establishments in Australia
Sports venues completed in 1964
Balram vs. Tharadas is a 2006 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by I.V. Sasi, written by T. Damodaran and S. N. Swamy, and starring Mammootty, Katrina Kaif, Mukesh and Siddique. It was a crossover sequel of the malayalam movies Athirathram & Inspector Balram. Mammootty plays double roles as Balram and underworld don Tharadas, reprising his roles from the 1991 film Inspector Balram (also from Aavanazhi, its prequel) and 1984's Athirathram. The film was the only Malayalam film featuring popular Bollywood actress Katrina Kaif.
Plot
A large cache of arms is discovered in the land belonging to the local businessman Hussein Sahib. On investigation, Inspector Varma finds that Hussein Sahib has no idea about this, but the land was used by someone called Anali Bhaskaran. The Inspector, along with his colleagues Sudhakaran go to arrest Bhaskaran, but they are given a good fight. As the police are being beaten, the screen alternates between a police jeep appearing on the scene and Anali Bhaskaran trying to knife people. Suddenly a hand appears in the scene and beats Bhaskaran.
He is still the same no-nonsense arrogant person, Balram, who is now a DSP who follows his heterodox ways of investigation. Anali Bhaskaran reveals under interrogation that Hussein Sahib's son Salim is involved in this. Hussein Sahib says that his son left the house sometime back, and he has no idea where he is. Then at this point, it starts raining characters as if it is the start of monsoon season.
In a span of few minutes, we get three villains, MLA Rani, a DGP, Balram's boss, DYSP George, Policewoman Dakshayani, a Chief Minister, a minister called Mustafa, Srini, the editor of a yellow journal, and a policeman called Ummar . Balram concludes that Tharadas was behind all this, and the scene switches to Dubai.
After beating his associate, Tharadas meets the minister Mustafa and does some business. He also wants a favor from the minister. He wants a ring to be passed to his girlfriend Supriya, who is an actress. Once the people and linkages are established, the game is set in motion in an even faster pace. Balram concludes that the only way to trap Tharadas is to arrest Supriya. As expected, Tharadas lands in Kerala and takes on Balram, and tries to stop the actions of Balram. In the end, Tharadas shoots down DYSP George who was one of his ally who had turned against him, and this is witnessed by Balram, after which Tharadas surrenders to Balram.
Cast
Mammootty as DYSP Balram (an honest and upright police officer) and Tharadas (a business tycoon and smuggler)
Katrina Kaif as Supriya Menon
Mukesh as CI Satheesh Varma
Siddique as DYSP George
Vani Viswanath as MLA Rani Mathew
Prem Prakash as Nandakumar, Chief Minister of Kerala
Jagadish as ASI Sudhakaran
Kunchan as SI Radhakrishnan
Devan as DGP Madhavadas IPS, State Police Chief
Abu Salim as CI Kasim
Augustine as SI Ummer
Kalpana as SI Dakshayani
Akhila as Jyothi, IB officer (fake)
Sreenivasan as Sreeni
Kundara Johny as DYSP Alex George, Anti Terrorist Squad
Rizabawa as Hussain Sahib
Spadikam George as Sunderashan
Subair as Minister Musthafa
Sadiq as Rafeeq
Rajmohan Unnithan as a Politician
Sreenath as Jayakrishnan, Customs officer
Anil Murali as Williams
Arun as Salim Sahib
Santhosh Jogi as Shivankutty
Mohan Raj as Anali Bhaskaran
Chandra Lakshman as Shanimol, Salim's wife
Ponnamma Babu as Hussien Sahib's wife
Sukumari as DySP Alex's mother
Ambika Mohan as DYSP Alex's wife
Poornima Anand as Mrs. Radhakrishnan
Kulappulli Leela as Narayani (guest appearance)
Afsal as himself in the song "Mathapoove.." (guest appearance)
Anwar Sadat as himself in the song "Mathapoove.." (guest appearance)
Rimi as herself in the song "Mathapoove.." (guest appearance)
Music
The soundtrack for the film was composed by Jassie Gift.
Production
It was a big budget film at that time, made at a cost above .
Release
The film released on 28 April 2006.
References
External links
2006 action thriller films
2006 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films set in Dubai
Films shot in Kozhikode
Films shot in Kannur
Films shot in Goa
Fictional portrayals of the Kerala Police
Films with screenplays by T. Damodaran
Films with screenplays by S. N. Swamy
Indian sequel films
Balram3
Films directed by I. V. Sasi
Indian action comedy-drama films
Films scored by Jassie Gift
Elkton High School is a high school located in Elkton, Maryland, United States on 110 James St. It is a member of the Cecil County Public Schools and there are approximately ~1000 students. Ranked as the 127th school within Maryland by U.S. News, the school is considered to be the 4th-ranked high school within the Cecil County Public School district.
Student demographics
The student body of Elkton High school is composed of approximately ~1000 students, with 2019 data showing an enrollment of 983 students, slightly less than the historical high of 1067 in 2015. The student body at Elkton High is diverse, seeing a proportional percentage of students from different ethnic groups as well as genders.
The graduation rate of students enrolled at Elkton High School has been consistently above 80% in the past 5 years, as measured by 4-year adjusted cohorts. As of 2019, the graduation rate of students at Elkton High School is 92.9% (223 out of 240 students).
Media coverage
In 2019, Elkton High school attracted positive media-coverage as Staci Lamb, a 9th-grade English teacher decorated her classroom into a Harry-Potter themed 'castle.' First popularized on social media, the event was covered by both local and international news media. As a winner of the 2018 Cecil County Public Schools Teacher of the Year and finalist for Maryland's Teacher of the Year, Staci Lamb decorated her classroom using her own funds.
Notable alumni
Bernard Purdie, drummer and an influential R&B, soul and funk musician
Niles Scott, National Football League player
Larry Webster, former National Football League player
References
External links
Public high schools in Maryland
Schools in Cecil County, Maryland
Elkton, Maryland
Educational institutions established in 1958
1958 establishments in Maryland
Günçalı, Finike is a village in the District of Finike, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Finike District
The First Congregational Church of Marion is a historic church at 601 Clay Street in Marion, Alabama. It was built in 1871 after the congregation was established in 1869 by freed slaves and the American Missionary Association. The congregation later became affiliated with the United Church of Christ in the 1950s. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. Idella Jones Childs was one of the people who helped get the building listed on the register.
See also
Historical Marker Database
References
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Perry County, Alabama
Churches completed in 1871
Churches in Perry County, Alabama
United Church of Christ churches in Alabama
Marion, Alabama
Akkaya is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Flemish town Bilzen. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of onroerend erfgoed in Limburg (Belgium)
Bilzen
References
Flemish organization for Immovable Heritage, De Inventaris van het Bouwkundig Erfgoed, 2011
Bilzen
Ubayd Allah ibn Abi Bakra (عبيد الله بن أبي بكرة, died CE) was an Umayyad governor of Sijistan and a military commander.
Origins
He was the son of Abu Bakra, an Abyssinian slave and mawla (client or freedman) who had been a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and converted to Islam in 630. Ubayd Allah's mother was an Arab. He was physically described as having "a dark and swarthy complexion".
Governorship and military activities
He was appointed the deputy governor of Sistan in 671 by the governor of Iraq and the eastern Caliphate, Ziyad ibn Abihi. During the early reign of Caliph Abd al-Malik () Ubayd Allah supported the pro-Umayyad faction in Basra, one of the two principal garrison towns of Iraq, against its ruler at the time Mus'ab ibn al-Zubayr, the representative of his brother, the rival caliph Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr. He was reappointed over Sijistan a second time in 697/698 by Abd al-Malik's governor of Iraq and the east, al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf.
In 698, he was dispatched by al-Hajjaj to lead a 20,000-strong 'Army of Destruction' against the Zunbils in modern-day Afghanistan. This corresponded to a resurgence of Islamic expansionism, following the second civil war (683–692). His mission was to raid eastern Afghanistan, and restore the payment of tribute by the Zunbils.
Trapped in the mountains, he was defeated through starvation and Zunbil attacks, and was forced to offer a large tribute, give hostages, including three of his sons, and take an oath not to invade Zunbil again. He then retreated, with 5,000 of his men remaining, to the city of Bust.
Ubayd Allah died soon after the abortive campaign. He was succeeded as governor of Sijistan by his son Abu Bardha, who held the post for one or two years and is known to have minted coinage as well.
Around 700, al-Hajjaj appointed an Arab noble from Kufa, Ibn al-Ash'ath, was tasked by al-Hajjaj with a renewed offensive against the Zunbils. After some initial successes, he reached an agreement with the Zunbils, who agreed to return the hostages captured from Ubayd Allah and resume paying the tribute at the original rate. Afterward, he took his army back to Iraq and led a revolt against al-Hajjaj.
Coinage
Before Ubayd Allah, Arab coinage from Sijistan was remarkably consistent in respecting former Sasanian designs. In contrast, the coinage of Ubayd Allah is characterized by a relatively erratic design, with marked iconographical changes. This attests to the deterioration of standard Sasanian iconography.
References
7th-century Arabs
7th-century military personnel
Generals of the Umayyad Caliphate
Umayyad governors of Sijistan
ar:عبيد الله بن أبي بكرة
Mihajlo Ivančević (; born 7 April 1999) is a Serbian football centre back who plays for Danish Superliga club OB.
Club career
On 27 January 2022 it was confirmed, that Ivančević had joined Danish Superliga club OB on a deal until June 2025.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
FK Spartak Subotica players
FK Brodarac players
Odense Boldklub players
Serbian SuperLiga players
People from Bačka Topola
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Danish Superliga players
Aseroe is a small genus of basidiomycete fungi of the family Phallaceae, though sometimes placed in the separate family Clathraceae. The genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek words Asē/αση 'disgust' and roē/ροη 'juice'. The genus was described with the collection and description of the type species Aseroe rubra in 1800 by French botanist Jacques Labillardière. As with other stinkhorn-like fungi, mature fruiting bodies are covered with olive-brown slime, containing spores, which attracts flies. These fungi are common in mulch and are saprobic.
Species
, Species Fungorum accepted 3 species of Aseroe.
Aseroe coccinea
Aseroe genovefae
Aseroe rubra
References
External links
Phallales
Agaricomycetes genera
Taxa named by Jacques Labillardière
| player =
| prevseason = Clausura 2017
| nextseason = Clausura 2018
}}
The Apertura 2017 Copa MX (officially the Apertura 2017 Copa Corona MX for sponsorship reasons) was the 78th staging of the Copa MX, the 50th staging in the professional era and is the eleventh tournament played since the 1996–97 edition.
This tournament began on 25 July 2017 and was originally scheduled to end on 1 November 2017. Due to the 2017 Puebla earthquake, the tournament was postponed in the Round of 16 phases, pushing the end of the tournament to 21 December 2017.
The final was held at Estadio BBVA Bancomer in the Monterrey suburb of Guadalupe with the home team Monterrey defeating Pachuca 1–0 to win their second title.
As winners, Monterrey earned a spot to face the winners of the Clausura 2018 edition, in the 2018 Supercopa MX.
Participants
The tournament will feature all Liga MX clubs (excluding recently promoted Lobos BUAP) as well as ten Ascenso MX clubs.
Due to the new format of the CONCACAF Champions League, Mexican clubs do not begin their participation until February, thus the teams qualified to 2017–18 CONCACAF Champions League (América, Guadalajara, Tijuana, UANL) will participate in this season's Copa MX.
Draw
The draw for the tournament took place on June 6, 2017 in Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico. 27 teams were drawn into nine groups of three, with each group containing one team from each of the three pots.
Clubs in Pot 1 were drawn to be the seed of each group according to the order of their drawing. That is, the first club that was drawn is seed of Group 1, the second drawn is seed of Group 2 and so on and so on. The Liga MX teams in Pot 1 are the teams who ended 1–5 in the 2016–17 Liga MX Aggregate table The Ascenso MX teams in Pot 1 are the four best possible teams in the 2016–17 Ascenso MX Aggregate table. Zacatepec Siglo XXI who ended fourth, were replaced by Oaxaca, who ended fifth, due to the club's disappearance.
Pot 2 contained Liga MX clubs who ended 6–9 in the Aggregate table and Ascenso MX clubs who ended 6–10 in the Aggregate table. Coras, who ended tenth in the Aggregate table, moved to Zacatepec, Morelos and became the new Zacatepec franchise.
Pot 3 contained Liga MX clubs who ended 10–17 in the Aggregate table. UDG, who ended twelfth in the Ascenso MX Aggregate table, replaced recently promoted Lobos BUAP.
Teams
Tiebreakers
If two or more clubs are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings:
superior goal difference;
higher number of goals scored;
scores of the group matches played among the clubs in question;
higher number of goals scored away in the group matches played among the clubs in question;
fair play ranking;
drawing of lots.
Group stage
Every group is composed of three clubs, each group has at least one club from Liga MX and Ascenso MX
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Ranking of second-placed teams
Knockout stage
The clubs that advance to this stage will be ranked and seeded 1 to 16 based on performance in the group stage. In case of ties, the same tiebreakers used to rank the runners-up will be used.
All rounds are played in a single game. If a game ends in a draw, it will proceed directly to a penalty shoot-out. The highest seeded club will host each match, regardless of which division each club belongs.
The winners of the groups and the seven best second place teams of each group will advance to the Knockout stage.
Qualified teams
The nine group winners and the seven best runners-up from the group stage qualify for the final stage.
Seeding
Bracket
Round of 16
All Round of 16 matches, which were originally scheduled to be played between 19–21 September, were postponed due to the 2017 Puebla earthquake.
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Top goalscorers
Players sorted first by goals scored, then by last name.
Source: Copa MX
Notes
References
External links
Official site
2017, 2
Copa Mx, 2
Copa Mx, 2
Geçmen, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Hermann George Bernard of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (4 August 1825 at Altenstein Castle – 31 August 1901 in Berchtesgaden) was Prince of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach and Duke of Saxony, and a general in the Württemberger army.
Life
Hermann was the third son of Prince Bernard of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (1792-1862) from his marriage to Ida of Saxe-Meiningen (1794–1852), the daughter of George I, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen. He was a nephew of Queen Adelaide of Great Britain.
In 1840, Hermann enrolled at the military academy of Württemberg. He became a Major General and from 1859, he was commander of the Württemberg Royal Cavalry Division. He received several medals, including the Order of St. Alexander Nevsky, the Grand Cross of the Order of the White Falcon, the Order of Saint Stephen of Hungary and the Order of the Crown.
He died on 31 August 1901 and was buried at the Pragfriedhof in Stuttgart.
The in Stuttgart is named after him.
Marriage and issue
Hermann married on 17 June 1851 in Friedrichshafen to Princess Augusta of Württemberg (1826-1898), the youngest daughter of King William I of Württemberg. They had the following children:
Pauline (1852–1904)
married 1873 to Hereditary Grand Duke Charles Augustus of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (1844-1894)
Wilhelm (1853-1924)
married in 1885 to Princess Gerta of Isenburg-Büdingen-Wächtersbach (1863-1945)
Bernhard (1855-1907), from 1901 "Count of Crayenburg", married
in 1900 Marie Louise Brockmüller (1866-1903)
in 1905 Countess Elisabeth von der Schulenburg (1869-1940)
Alexander (1857-1891)
Ernest (1859-1909)
Olga (1869-1924)
married in 1902 Prince Leopold of Isenburg-Büdingen (1866-1933), the eldest son of Karl, Prince of Isenburg-Büdingen.
Honours
He received the following orders and decorations:
Ancestry
References
Staatshandbuch für das Großherzogtum Sachsen-Weimar-Eisenach, Weimar, 1864, p. 6 (Online)
Footnotes
Princes of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach
Military personnel of Württemberg
House of Wettin
1825 births
1901 deaths
19th-century German people
Recipients of the Iron Cross, 2nd class
Grand Crosses of the Order of Saint Stephen of Hungary
Recipients of the Order of the Netherlands Lion
Grand Crosses of the Order of Saint-Charles
1,2-Cyclohexane dicarboxylic acid diisononyl ester (DINCH) is a mixture of organic compounds with the formula C6H10(CO2C9H19)2. DINCH is colorless oil. It is used as a plasticizer for the manufacture of flexible plastic articles in sensitive application areas such as toys, medical devices, and food packaging. It is of interest as an alternative for phthalate plasticizers, which are implicated as endocrine disruptors.
Production
DINCH can be produced by the catalytic hydrogenation of diisononyl phthalate. Alternatively it can be prepared by Diels-Alder reaction of a diisononyl maleate with 1,3-butadiene followed by hydrogenation. In the case of the catalytic hydrogenation the aromatic, planar part of the diisononyl phthalate is transformed to a cyclohexane ring. Commercial DINCH consists of 90% of the cis and 10% of the trans (chiral) isomers.
BASF sells DINCH under the tradename of Hexamoll DINCH.
Use
In February 2009, Mattel and Learning Curve confirmed that they were substituting phthalates with Hexamoll DINCH and citrate-based plasticizers.
Regulatory approval
Food contact
In the European Union the European Food Safety Authority approved DINCH for a wide variety of food contact applications in October 2006. In 2007 DINCH has been added to Annex III of the "Directive 2002/72/EC relating to plastic materials and articles intended to come into contact with food". The EU Directive 2002/72 has meanwhile been superseded by Regulation (EU) No 10/2011. Hexamoll DINCH is listed in Annex I of Regulation (EU) No 10/2011 by as Food Conctact Material (FCM) 775 by its chemical name, i.e. as 1,2-cyclohexanedicarboxylic acid, diisononylester.
Toys
In the European Union 1,2-cyclohexane dicarboxylic acid diisononyl ester was not listed in directive 2005/84/EC. These restrictions for certain phthalates are now transferred into Annex XVII, 51 and 52 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 which ban the use of certain phthalates in toys and childcare articles and thus DINCH can be used safely in toys and childcare articles.
Possible health effects
A research group from Harvard and CDC found suggestive negative associations between urinary MHiNCH, the monoester of DINCH, a minor urinary metabolite. . Their research at a fertility clinic showed that women who had been exposed to DINCH had lower, but statistically not significant estradiol hormone levels and fewer, though not statistically significant number of oocytes in their ovaries. However, urinary MHiNCH concentrations were unrelated to mature oocyte yield and endometrial wall thickness. The results are inconclusive and therefore, the authors suggest that more epidemiological studies would be needed for clarification.
The Swedish IVL Environmental Research Institute and researches from the Department of Environmental Science and Analytical Chemistry of Stockholm University recommend that "children's exposure to DINCH should be investigated in more detail and exposure to the general population should be closely monitored" as DINCH is used as an alternative plasticizer in e.g. children's toys.
The Chronic Hazard Advisory Panel of the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission "strongly encourages the appropriate U.S. agencies to obtain the necessary toxicological and exposure data to assess any potential risk from DINX" because of "lack of publicly available information".
A French group from the University of Clermont-Ferrand noted that clinical data and data regarding the migration from Medical Devices would be rare. The Project was funded by the French Agency for the Safety of Health Products (ANSM). It remains unclear why this Research Group was not able to identify the published human biomonitoring data which give a perfect overview on population exposure of alternative plasticizers (e.g. DINCH/DINX) and their metabolites.
A report by the Danish Ministry of the Environment states that the available data for DINCH do not indicate a need for further investigations. Further, the conclusion is that 3 of the evaluated plasticizers, namely the substances COMGHA, DEHT and DINCH may be seen as the most promising alternatives, as these substances have an extended data set (complying to Annex X data requirements, i.e. a two-generation reproduction study) without indicating specific concern for reproductive toxicity or endocrine activity.
Toxicogenomic screening showed that 648 genes were significantly changed after 48 hours exposure to DINCH suggesting that "DINCH is biologically active".
References
External links
Hexamoll
Plasticizers
Carboxylate esters
Thomas J. Schmugge is an American physicist and hydrologist.
Schmugge graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1965 with a doctorate in physics, and joined the faculty of Trinity College in Connecticut as an assistant professor of physics. From 1970 to 1986, he worked for Goddard Space Flight Center's Hydrological Sciences Branch. Schmugge was subsequently employed by the Agricultural Research Service until 2004. After leaving the federal government, Schmugge was the Gerald Thomas Chair for Sustainable Agriculture at New Mexico State University from 2005 to 2008. He was elected a fellow of the American Geophysical Union, and received the AGU's Robert E. Horton Medal in 2006. He was affiliated with the IEEE's Geoscience and Remote Sensing Society, proposed for fellowship in 2001, and subsequently elevated to life fellow in 2011.
Selected publications
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
UC Berkeley College of Engineering alumni
20th-century American physicists
21st-century American physicists
Goddard Space Flight Center people
New Mexico State University faculty
Trinity College (Connecticut) faculty
United States Department of Agriculture people
American hydrologists
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Fellows of the American Geophysical Union
Kilkenny is a township in Coös County, New Hampshire, United States. It lies entirely within the White Mountain National Forest. As of the 2020 census, the township had a population of zero.
In New Hampshire, locations, grants, townships (which are different from towns), and purchases are unincorporated portions of a county which are not part of any town and have limited self-government (if any, as many are uninhabited).
History
The town was granted to Jonathan Warner and others on June 4, 1774, containing . In 1840 it contained 19 inhabitants, and in 1856 it had 19 inhabitants and an area of , with a value of $20,000. It was named after the town and county of Kilkenny in Ireland.
Kilkenny once included a large portion of what is now the eastern edge of Jefferson, tapering south into the area of Jefferson Notch at the foot of Mount Mitten. This included much of the area known as "Jefferson Highland" on the Portland Road (present-day U.S. Route 2). By the 1870s, maps were showing the southern edge of Kilkenny as a line extending the border between Jefferson and Lancaster. The 1896 topographic map, however, shows that the boundary had again been adjusted several miles south, to include Mount Waumbek and Pliny Mountain, uninhabited areas. Deeds in this area often refer to the "Kilkenny Addition".
On the 1935 topographic map, the "Upper Ammonoosuc Trail" crossed Kilkenny along Priscilla Brook and through the pass from the Keenan Brook area of Randolph, north of Pliny Mountain. This trail has since been abandoned, although a 2002 atlas of New Hampshire shows a "Priscilla Brook Trail" in the same location.
The Willard Bowl north of Mount Waumbek, drained by Garland Brook, was considered as a site for development of a ski area in 1971, when it was owned by former governor Hugh Gregg. On the 1896 topographic map, there was a B&M railroad spur up much of Garland Brook, to an elevation of . By 1935, the tracks were gone.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of , of which , or 0.08%, are water.
Kilkenny is home to Mount Waumbek of the Pliny Range and Mount Cabot of the Pilot Range, each over high (see Four-thousand footers), as well as several other peaks over . The summit of Mount Cabot is the highest point in Kilkenny, at above sea level. The township is entirely within the Connecticut River watershed. The southern end of the township, as well as the west side of the Pilot Range, drain west via Fox Brook, Bunnell Brook, Garland Brook, and Priscilla Brook to the Israel River, which joins the Connecticut at Lancaster, while the northern end of the township, including the east side of the Pilot Range and its north end, drain to the Upper Ammonoosuc River, which flows north and west to join the Connecticut at Groveton.
Kilkenny is bordered to the south and west by Jefferson, to the west by Lancaster, to the north by Stark, and to the east by Berlin and Milan. The West Branch of the Upper Ammonoosuc River originates on the eastern slope of the Pilot Range.
Demographics
As of the 2020 census, there were no people living in the township.
Sources
Town of Jefferson. Jefferson, New Hampshire, Before 1996 (1995). Littleton: Sherwin Dodge. p. 103.
References
External links
1896 Topographic map segment
Townships in Coös County, New Hampshire
Berlin, New Hampshire micropolitan area
Townships in New Hampshire
Mohan Choti (1935 – 1 February 1992) was an Indian actor who worked as a comedian in Hindi films. The name Mohan Choti came from a fictional character of the same name from the 1957 film Musafir, in which he plays a tea shop delivery boy who sports a "choti" or traditional lock of hair on the top of his head.
Biography
Mohan Choti was born as Mohan Rakshakar to Constable Atmaram Rakshakar in 1933 at Amravati, Amravati District Maharashtra.
He produced and directed two films — "Dhoti Lota Aur Chowpatty" and "Hunterwali 77". He also opened a restaurant which was called "Sawal roti ka; Dhaba choti ka". He also started Atta distribution unit called "Choti Walla Atta".
He died on 1 February 1992 at the age of 57.
Filmography
Mohan Choti acted in nearly 280 films from 1954 to 1994.
1995 Vishwamitra as Nakshatrik (TV series)
1994 Do Fantoosh
1994 Mere Data Garib Nawaz
1993 Badi Bahen
1993 Kala Coat
1993 Shuruaat
1992 Sarphira
1992 Naseebwaala
1991 Ajooba as Ladies Tailor (Special Appearance)
1990 Majboor
1990 Shandaar
1990 Doodh Ka Karz
1990 Muqaddar Ka Badshaah
1990 Thanedaar
1990 Zahreelay
1989 Dana Paani
1989 Mahaadev
1989 Touhean
1989 Teri Payal Mere Geet
1989 Bade Ghar Ki Beti
1989 Hum Intezaar Karenge
1989 Naqab
1989 Na-Insaafi
1988 Aurat Teri Yehi Kahani
1988 Falak (1988 film)
1988 Maar Dhaad
1988 Chintamani Surdas
1988 Qatil
1988 Jungle Ki Beti
1988 Paigham
1988 Falak (The Sky)
1988 Shiv Ganga
1988 Vikram Aur Betaal (TV Series)
1987 Goraa
1987 Kalyug Aur Ramayan
1987 Hamari Jung
1987 Pyaar Karke Dekho
1987 Dadagiri
1987 Hamari Jung
1987 Khooni Darinda
1986 Zinda Laash
1986: Naache Mayuri
1986 Chambal Ka Badshah
1986 Kala Dhanda Goray Log
1986 Insaaf Ki Awaaz
1986 Sadaa Suhagan
1986 Jaal
1986 Begaana
1985 Sur Sangam
1985 Hum Dono
1985 Alag Alag
1985 Ghar Dwaar
1985 Ek Chitthi Pyar Bhari
1985 Pataal Bhairavi
1985 Insaaf Main Karoonga
1985 Piya Milan
1984 Dharam Aur Kanoon
1984 Zindagi Jeene Ke Liye
1984 Boxer
1984 Tohfa
1984 Hum Hain Lajawaab
1984 Raja Aur Rana
1984 Raaj Tilak
1984 Aaj Ka M.L.A. Ram Avtar
1984 Phulwari (1984 film)
1984 Naya Kadam
1984 Abodh
1984 Yaadgaar
1984 Maang Bharo Sajana
1983 Daulat Ke Dushman
1983 Mehndi
1983 Bekaraar
1983 Jai Baba Amarnath
1983 Humse Na Jeeta Koi
1983 Sant Ravidas Ki Amar Kahani
1983 Jaani Dost
1983 Film Hi Film
1983 Jaanwar
1983 Humse Naa Jeeta Koi
1982 Chorni
1982 Teri Maang Sitaron Se Bhar Doon
1982 Ashanti
1982 Apna Bana Lo
1982 Aadat Se Majboor
1982 Sumbandh
1981 Jwala Daku
1981 Hum Se Badkar Kaun
1981 Guru Suleman Chela Pahelwan
1981 Naseeb
1981 Bandish
1981 Commander
1981 Farz Aur Pyar
1981 Be-Shaque
1981 Nai Imarat
1981 Maan Gaye Ustaad
1981 Jai Baba Amarnath
1980 Phir Wohi Raat
1980 Nishana
1980 Chunaoti
1980 Saboot
1980 Banmanush
1979 Maan Apmaan
1979 Khandaan
1979 Har Har Gange
1979 Hamare Tumhare
1979 Janta Hawaldar
1979 Bombay by Nite
1979 Shaitan Mujrim
1979 Bhakti Mein Shakti
1979 Sultan E Hind: Gharib Nawaz
1979 Teen Chehrey
1978 Khoon Ka Badla Khoon
1978 Azaad (1978 film)
1978 Apna Khoon
1978 Parmatma
1978 Chakravyuha
1978 Dhyanu Bhagat
1978 Phaansi
1978 Toofani Takkar
1977 Dream Girl
1977 Angaare
1977 Do Dilwale
1977 Hunterwali
1976 Khalifa
1976 Bairaag
1976 Shankar Dada
1976 Play-Boy
1976 Noor-E-Irani
1976 Sikka
1976 Bhagwan Samaye Sansar Mein
1976 Noor E Ilaahi
1975 Ek Gaon ki Kahani
1975 Biwi Kiraya Ki
1975 Varaat
1975 Balak Aur Janwar
1975 Apne Dushman
1975 Jaggu
1975 Raftaar
1975 Aakhri Dao
1975 Qaid
1975 Aag Aur Toofan
1975 Dhoti Lota Aur Chowpatty
1975 Dharmatma
1975 Dafaa 302
1975 Daku Aur Bhagwan
1975 Shree Satyanarayan Ki Maha Pooja
1975 Toofan Aur Bijlee
1974 Kasauti
1974 Jai Radhe Krishna
1974 Amir Garib
1974 Doosri Sita
1974 Ganga
1973 Yauwan
1973 Jaise Ko Taisa
1973 Gaai Aur Gori
1973 Dharma
1973 Intezaar
1973 Taxi Driver
1973 Alam Ara
1973 Jhoom Utha Akash
1973 Naag Mere Saathi
1972 Victoria No. 203
1972 Tangewala
1972 Shehzada
1972 Anokhi Pehchan
1972 Achha Bura
1972 Raaste Kaa Patthar
1972 Double Cross
1972 Parchhaiyan
1972 Do Chor
1972 Bees Saal Pehle
1972 Ek Khiladi Bawan Pattey
1972 Amar Prem
1971 Mera Gaon Mera Desh
1971 Aisa Bhi Hota Hai
1971 Amar Prem
1971 Albela
1971 Haseenon Ka Devata
1971 Pyar Ki Kahani
1971 Ek Nari Ek Brahmachari
1971 Lakhon Me Ek
1971 Preet Ki Dori
1971 Sansar
1971 Ek Din Aadhi Raat
1971 Maata Vaishno Devi
1970 Yaadgaar
1970 Bhai-Bhai
1970 Kab? Kyoon? Aur Kahan?
1970 Sharafat
1970 Gunah Aur Kanoon
1970 Pagla Kahin Ka
1970 Truck Driver
1970 Tum Haseen Main Jawan
1970 Raate Ke Andhere Mein
1969 Anjaana
1969 Ek Shriman Ek Shrimati
1969 Patthar Ke Khwab
1969 Do Raaste
1969 Anjan Hai Koyee
1969 Chanda Aur Bijli
1969 Tumse Achha Kaun Hai
1969 Jiyo Aur Jeene Do
1969 Sapna
1968 Kahin Din Kahin Raat
1968 Raja Aur Runk
1968 Abhilasha
1968 Aadmi
1968 Brahmachari
1968 Jung Aur Aman
1968 Aanchal Ke Phool
1968 Lutera Aur Jadugar
1967 Upkar as Mangal
1967 Aurat
1967 Farz
1967 Aag
1967 Raat Andheri Thi
1966 Love in Tokyo
1966 Sawan Ki Ghata
1966 Aakhri Khat
1966 Do Badan
1966 Daadi Maa
1966 Dada
1966 Lal Bangla
1966 Shankar Khan
1965 Bhoot Bungla
1965 Khandaan
1965 Shreeman Funtoosh
1965 Rustom-E-Hind
1965 Ek Saal Pehle
1965 Bekhabar
1965 Jahan Sati Wahan Bhagwan
1965 Gopal - Krishna
1964 Mr. X in Bombay
1964 Mera Qasoor Kya Hai
1964 Ziddi
1964 Woh Kaun Thi?
1964 Sati Savitri
1964 Samson
1964 Pooja Ke Phool
1964 Mama Ji (1964) Punjabi Movie
1964 Daal Me Kala-Hajjam
1964 Darasingh: Ironman
1964 Ek Din Ka Badshah
1964 Shabnam
1964 Tarzan Aur Jalpari
1964 Maain Bhi Ladki Hun
1963 Bluff Master
1963 Taj Mahal
1963 Jab Se Tumhe Dekha Hai
1963 Mujhe Jeene Do
1963 Been Ka Jadoo
1962 Man-Mauji
1962 Main Chup Rahungi
1962 Burmah Road
1962 Jhoola
1962 Apna Banake Dekho
1962 Shaadi
1962 Anpadh
1962 Rakhi
1962 Raaz Ki Baat
1962 Private Secretary
1962 Dil Tera Diwana
1962 Pyar Ki Jeet
1961 Chhaya
1961 Umar Qaid
1961 Pyaar Ka Saagar
1961 boyfriend
1961 Guddi as Batura (1961) Punjabi Movie
1961 Pyaar Ki Dastaan
1960 Ek Phool Char Kaante
1960 Dil Bhi Tera Hum Bhi Tere
1960 Patang
1959 Barkha
1959 Kaagaz Ke Phool
1959 Duniya Na Mane
1959 Nai Raahen
1959 Dhool Ka Phool
1959 C.I.D. Girl
1958 Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi
1957 Hum Panchhi Ek Daal Ke
1957 Ab Dilli Door Nahin
1957 Musafir
1957 Ek Gaon Ki Kahani
1956 Parivar
1955 Devdas
1954 Jagriti
References
External links
1939 births
1992 deaths
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Place of birth missing
20th-century Indian male actors
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
February 18 – Poet Abraham Holland dies of the Great Plague of London having on the previous day handed over the manuscript of his poems later published as Hollandi Posthuma (including one on the Plague) to his brother, the printer Henry Holland.
Works published
Great Britain
John Kennedy (poet), Calanthrop and Lucilla (republished 1631 as The Ladies Delight; or, The English Gentlewomans History of Calanthrop and Lucilla)
Thomas May, Pharsalia, Books 1–3 (published in 10 books in 1627; see also A Continuation 1630)
George Sandys, translator, Ovid's Metamorphosis Englished, complete edition, translated from Ovid's Metamorphoses; see also The First Five Books of Ovid's Metamorphosis 1621; revised 1632 with allegorical commentary and a translation of the first book of the Aeneid of Virgil)
Sir William Vaughan, The Golden Fleece [...] transported from Cambriol Colchis, by Orpheus junior, long and fantastic prose allegory, demonstrating "the Errours of Religion, the Vices and Decayes of the Kingdome, and lastly the wayes to get wealth, and to restore Trading" through the colonization of Newfoundland
John Wilson, A Song, or Story, for the Lasting Remembrance of Divers Famous Works (republished as A Song of Deliverance 1680)
Other
Claude de L'Estoile, Recueil des plus beaux vers, France
Marie de Gournay, also known as Marie le Jars, demoiselle de Gournay, Ombre, including a feminist tract, translations, moral essays and verse (later revised and published as Les Avis et presents in 1634; another revision 1641), France
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January – Sir Robert Howard (died 1698), English playwright, poet and brother-in-law of John Dryden
July 25 – Gerard Brandt (died 1685), Dutch preacher, playwright, poet, church historian, biographer and naval historian
Also:
Jacques Testu de Belval, born about this year (died 1706), French ecclesiastic and poet
Gwilym Puw (died 1689), Welsh Catholic poet and Royalist officer
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
February 18 – Abraham Holland, English poet
February 28 – Cyril Tourneur (born 1575), English playwright and poet
April 9 – Francis Bacon (born 1561), English philosopher, statesman, scientist, lawyer, jurist, author and poet
September 25 – Théophile de Viau (born 1590), French poet and playwright
October 19–26 – François Béroalde de Verville (born 1556), novelist and poet
December 8 – Sir John Davies (born 1569), English poet and lawyer, attorney general in Ireland; not to be confused with his contemporary, John Davies of Hereford (c. 1565–1618)
date not known – Nicholas Breton (also spelled "Nicholas Britton" and "Nicholas Brittaine") (born c. 1545), English poet and novelist
See also
Poetry
17th century in poetry
17th century in literature
Notes
17th-century poetry
Poetry
George Arthur Joseph Leonard (August 27, 1886 – August 21, 1917) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played with the Quebec Bulldogs of the National Hockey Association and was with the Bulldogs when they won the 1912 Stanley Cup.
He died during combat in World War I.
References
1886 births
1917 deaths
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Canadian military personnel killed in World War I
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Quebec Bulldogs (NHA) players
Sportspeople from Quebec City
Stanley Cup champions
Canadian military personnel from Quebec
Karatepe, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
RASAT is an earth observation satellite designed and developed by TÜBİTAK Space Technologies Research Institute (TÜBİTAK UZAY) and produced in Turkey to provide high resolution imagery. It is so the first one of its art completely realized in Turkey, and the second indigenously developed remote sensing satellite after BILSAT-1.
Financed by the State Planning Organization (DPT) and designed by TÜBİTAK UZAY without any international know-how transfer, RASAT was launched from Dombarovskiy Cosmodrome, near Yasny in Russia by a Dnepr space launch vehicle at 08:12:20 UTC on August 17, 2011, along with seven other satellites Sich-2 and BPA-2 of Ukraine, NigeriaSat-2 and NigeriaSat-X of Nigeria, EduSat of India as well as AprizeSat-5 and AprizeSat-6 of Italy. RASAT was placed 16 minutes and 9 seconds after the lift-off into a low Earth orbit of . The first signal from RASAT was received in the space center of Andøya Rocket Range, northern Norway at 09:44.04 UTC. RASAT is controlled and observed at the space center of TÜBİTAK UZAY in Ankara.
Mission
Projected for a mission duration of three years, RASAT is on a sun-synchronous geocentric orbit. Its instruments, supplied by the South Korean space technology company Satrec Initiative, allow a spatial resolution of at panchromatic band and at multispectral band. RASAT carries out various civil applications on mapping and planning, disaster management, ecosystem monitoring, environmental control, landcover survey and coastal zone management. Additionally, RASAT is used to test a custom designed on-board computer "BiLGE" capable of using SpaceWire network, a solid-state processor "GEZGİN-2" (an abbreviation for "GErçek Zamanda Görüntü İşleyeN") for real-time image compression using algorithm of JPEG 2000 and a telecommunication system "Treks" of X band transmitter module with 100 MB/s data transfer rate and 7 Watt power.
Images
The first images were received in Ankara on October 8, 2011. With images captured by the satellite between 2012 and 2014, a "mosaic map" of Turkey was compiled. More than 3,000 images showing an area of each were used for the map. The map images are available ay the website "gezgin.gov.tr" in the image file formats of .ecw (high image resolution: 9 GB, low image resolution: 50 MB), .jp2 (21.8 GB, 33 MB), .tif (35.7 GB, 58.1 MB), .img (45.6 GB, 85.7 MB) and KMZ (11.3 MB). The map is distributed to governmental agencies, particularly to the State Hydraulic Works (DSİ) and Mineral Research and Exploration (MTA). In 2013, three-dimensional relief maps of Turkey created by RASAT are offered on the web. Customers are able to order and download their actual map requirements.
As of November 15, 2015, RASAT took images of Earth surface on 22,699 orbitings since its launch on August 17, 2011.
A research project, named "Geoportal", was launched by Ministry of Development on January 15, 2013, with an application run-time of four years. Images were uploaded on August 19, 2014, to the portal, which is open to use by public services and universities. As of November 17, 2015, 6,517 processed images captured by RASAT were uploaded to GEZGIN portal.
References
Earth observation satellites of Turkey
Spacecraft launched in 2011
Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey
Spacecraft launched by Dnepr rockets
Evance Malenga (born 12 September 1967) is a former Malawian featherweight boxer. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where he finished in thirty-third place.
References
1967 births
Living people
Malawian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Malawi
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Featherweight boxers
The 26th Annual Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards was held on March 23, 2013, at the Galen Center in Los Angeles, California. Actor Josh Duhamel hosted the ceremony. The "Orange Carpet" was set up in front of Galen Center on the sidewalks of Jefferson Boulevard. Voting on the 22 categories began on Thursday, February 14, 2013.
Presenters and performers, and stunts
Host
Josh Duhamel
Daniella Monet and cast of Nick Studio 10 (pre-show interstitials)
Musical performers
Pitbull and Christina Aguilera – "Feel This Moment"
Kesha – "We are Who We are" / "C'Mon"
Presenters
Jessica Alba
Big Time Rush
Sandra Bullock
Steve Carell
Miranda Cosgrove
Lucas Cruikshank
Kaley Cuoco
Gabby Douglas
Ariana Grande
Lucy Hale
Neil Patrick Harris
Zachary Gordon
Dwight Howard
Logan Lerman
Jennette McCurdy
Cast of See Dad Run
Cory Monteith
Kevin Hart
Jaden Smith
Ashley Tisdale
Kristen Wiig
Guest appearances
Amanda Seyfried
Josh Hutcherson
Fergie
Steven Tyler
Scott Baio
Megan Fox
Jerry Trainor
Nick Cannon
Rico Rodriguez
Darren Criss
Melissa Benoist
Mike "The Miz" Mizanin
Maryse Ouellet
Dwayne Johnson
Sophia Grace and Rosie
Mub and Grub from Epic (voiced by Aziz Ansari and Chris O'Dowd)
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first, in bold. Other nominees are in alphabetical order.
Movies
Television
Music
Sports
Miscellaneous
Events within the show
Slimed Celebrities
In a pre-show promo, Josh Duhamel was slimed while revealing that he was the 2013 Kids' Choice Awards' host. Duhamel was also seen bathing in a bathtub full of slime during the promo. During the show, Josh Hutcherson, Amanda Seyfried, and a group of kids appeared in a special green room to advertise the upcoming movie "Epic". They were slimed by Mub and Grub from the movie.
During the Show:
Pitbull – During the opening of the show, Pitbull and Christina Aguilera performed "Feel This Moment". Once the performance ended, Pitbull was drenched in a torrent of slime caused by Christina pushing a button.
Dwight Howard – Josh Duhamel challenged Dwight Howard to a basketball dunking competition. Duhamel made one dunk and Howard made the other and told him how it was supposed to be done. After Howard's dunk, the basketball hoop rained green slime on the famed basketball star.
Neil Patrick Harris and Sandra Bullock – During Neil Patrick Harris and Sandra Bullock's presentation, the two stars were covered in green slime while trying figuring out was Harris' special magic wand could do.
Josh Duhamel and Nick Cannon – At the end of the show, Duhamel and Cannon took part in a special zip line stunt to reveal the winner of "Best Male Buttkicker". After Dwayne Johnson won the award, he surprised the two stars with a grand finale of green slime all over them and the audience near the stage.
International distribution
Regional awards
Favorite Asian Act (Asia)
Shila Amzah
Han Geng (winner)
Psy
Sarah Geronimo
Favorite Star (Germany/Austria/Switzerland)
Lena Meyer-Landrut
Daniele Negroni
Luca Hänni (winner)
Cro
Favorite Latin Artist (Latin America)
Isabella Castillo (winner, 2nd time in a row)
Eme 15
Martina Stoessel
Danna Paola
Favorite Star (Netherlands/Belgium)
Ferry Doedens
Gers Pardoel (winner)
Britt Dekker
Epke Zonderland
Favorite TV Actress (Argentina)
Ale Müller
Isabella Castillo
Lali Espósito (winner)
Lodovica Comello
Sol Rodríguez
Martina Stoessel
Natalia Oreiro
Thali García
References
http://family-room.ew.com/2013/02/13/kids-choice-awards-2013-tv-nominees-exclusive/
https://web.archive.org/web/20140122184504/http://www.nick.com/kids-choice-awards/all-winners/
External links
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards
Kids' Choice Awards
Kids' Choice
Kids' Choice Awards
2013 in Los Angeles
March 2013 events in the United States
Simone Esposito (born 24 May 1990 in Turin) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for G.S.D. Lascaris.
Career
Juventus
Simone Esposito began his youth career with Juventus in 2002, and remained within the club's youth program until 2008. He began to earn first team call-ups by former coaches Claudio Ranieri in 2008 and again by Ciro Ferrara in 2009. Esposito made his first team debut on 10 December 2008 in a 2008–09 UEFA Champions League game against FC BATE Borisov. He also played one game in the Coppa Italia. In the summer of 2010, the attacking midfielder officially graduated the youth team, and was promoted into the senior squad. Following his installment, he was instantly loaned out to Serie B side, Ascoli Calcio, as part of a player exchange, that also was used in attempt to gain regular playing time. Esposito is one of many Juventus loaners, flooding Italian Serie B and Serie C football.
Club statistics
References
External links
TuttoCalciatori profile
1990 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy youth international footballers
Juventus F.C. players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
F.C. Grosseto S.S.D. players
Association football forwards
Pinerolo F.C. players
The following highways are numbered 422:
Canada
Manitoba Provincial Road 422
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 422
Japan
Route 422 (Japan)
United States
Interstate 422 (future)
U.S. Route 422
Georgia State Route 422 (unsigned designation for Georgia State Route 10 Loop)
Louisiana Highway 422
Maryland Route 422
New York State Route 422 (former)
Oregon Route 422
Oregon Route 422S
Puerto Rico Highway 422
Tennessee State Route 422
Texas State Highway Spur 422
See also
Special routes of U.S. Route 422
David Jon Kassan (born February 25, 1977 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American painter best known for his life-size representational paintings, which combine figurative subjects with abstract backgrounds or trompe-l'œil stylings. Of this dual representation strategy Kassan notes, "my effort to constantly learn to document reality with a naturalistic, representational painting technique allows for pieces to be inherent contradictions; paintings that are both real and abstract".
Kassan works can be seen in many public collections worldwide. Kassan currently lives in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Early life and education
David Kassan received his B.F.A. in 1999 from the College of Visual and Performing Arts at Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY. He continued his studies at The National Academy, and the Art Students League of New York, both in Manhattan
His Newington-Cropsey Foundation Travel Grant allowed him to study and sketch in Italy in the summer of 2003. There he conducted sketch studies of various masterworks, which are source of inspiration to his own work. These experiences were recorded in a self-published book "Lentemente Italia".
Career
In 2013, he founded the Kassan Foundation in hopes of giving grants directly to underprivileged talent in both the visual and musical arts.
In 2014, Kassan turned his attention to painting and documenting Survivors of the Holocaust, with the development of the EDUT project )-"edut" being Hebrew for "living witnesses" as a way of connecting with his grandfather's traumatic history of escaping ethnic cleansing on the border of Romania and Ukraine to come to America in 1917. The EDUT project's mission is to meet with as many living Survivors to the Shoah as possible and to document them in filmed video portraits and in paintings and drawings.
While many survivors have already told their stories on video (as in the Visual History Archive developed by the USC Shoah Foundation) or in memoirs, Kassan believes painting offers viewers a different kind of connection to the survivors, one that puts a personal face to the sometimes abstract idea of the Holocaust.
In 2017, David Kassan partnered with the USC Shoah Foundation and the USC Fisher Museum of Art to develop the EDUT project into a Resilience Exhibition which will open at the Fisher Museum in the fall of 2019 in Los Angeles.
Kassan has given painting/drawing seminars and lectures at various institutions, and universities around the world.
Technique
Kassan has studied human anatomy extensively, reflecting a scientific understanding of the muscular structures beneath the skin. Kassan has written extensively on the subject and its relation to conveying emotion, including publishing an “Artist's Guide to Portrait Anatomicae” and several articles on the topic for magazines such as Artist Daily. and a quarterly column on anatomy for Drawing Magazine
Kassan's technical mastery of oil paint combined with adept draftsmanship enables him to fluently represent what he sees. This is evident in the stunning flesh tones Kassan achieves. Transparent layers of oil paint are built up, forming an intricate lattice of veins, blood and skin. Through this light enters and is reflected back.
His technique of creating layered application of pigments has been hailed by critics as creating a highly realistic impression of skin and flesh.
In addition to work in traditional drawing and painting media, Kassan has also explored the use of digital media, including the use of the iPad as a portable painting tablet, used for studies of masterworks in museums around the world. His YouTube demonstration "Finger Painting on the Apple iPad from the live model" now viewable at originally achieved over 1 million views within 6 months of posting. This also resulted in considerable news-media coverage in the printed press and on television.
Reception
David Jon Kassan's work has been described as "Raw, poignant and profoundly honest. He seeks to capture the essence of those he paints, imbuing them with their own voice. More than simply replicating his subjects Kassan seeks to understand them. We are moved by Kassan's depictions, captivated by powerfully expressive hands, pensive faces, and flesh that appears warm to touch. Ultimately, there is a truth and timelessness to Kassan's work because it is so deeply human. His subjects are distilled in an exact moment in time, patiently contemplating their present. We share in this present-moment appreciation, this slowing down of time, and see life for what it is."
Kassan Foundation
In 2013, Kassan founded the Kassan Foundation in hopes of giving grants directly to underprivileged talent in both the visual and musical performance arts.
The aim of the Kassan Foundation is to nurture talent by offering financial support to underprivileged Visual Artists and Musicians. Each year the foundation offers two grants; one to a promising representational artist and one to a promising musician in order to boost their career and accelerate their artistic growth. The grant would assist with potential production and material costs, travel and further education.
Documentary films
David Kassan has produced and filmed two Instructional Documentary films in partnership with Movette Pictures (Painting a Life) and Studio Four Cinematography (Drawing Closer to Life)
Drawing Closer to Life (2010, Studio Four Cinematography). This 3 hour DVD documents a day in David Jon Kassan's Brooklyn studio as he develops a charcoal study of Henry Williams Oelkers. David vocalizes his complete thought process and approach as he develops this drawing. The essence of this DVD is developing an understanding of how to translate and interpret what we see into drawings that capture the subtle character, emotion and insights into the model's personality.
Painting a Life (2014, Movette Pictures, http://www.movettepictures.com). In this 7-hour, two discs, instructional documentary, David weaves together his philosophies on painting as well as how he paints technically. In "Painting A Life", we get to know the subject, Jaece Lutrec. intimately—her thoughts, feelings and her life as David paints her. This film illustrates not just the step-by-step process of how David paints, but also depicts his patient search to understand the subject. To encourage a full understanding of the process, David completely vocalizes his thoughts on how to use broken color to develop lifelike skintones and how to use color temperature, value, texture and brushstrokes to turn form. Also discussed is how to train your eye to see these subtle color shifts and transitions. Included is a full discussion of David's materials (brushes, mediums, paints, etc.), how he prepares his painting surfaces, his studio setup and lighting, how he transfers the drawing to the painting surface, a brief introduction to his drawing process, and a field trip to Vasari Classic Oils Colors to discuss of all of the paints on David's palette and their properties and history with Gail Spiegel, Vasari's color expert.
Exhibitions
"David Jon Kassan - Recent Paintings", Louise and Bernard Palitz Gallery, Lubin House, New York, NY - 2005
"Introspections" - Gallery Henoch (Chelsea), New York, NY March 12 - April 4, 2009
"Process" - Manifest Gallery, Cincinnati, OH - March 2012
"Solitudes" - Gallery Henoch (Chelsea), New York, NY September 13 - Oct 6, 2012
References
External links
Kassan Foundation
Living people
1977 births
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Artists from Little Rock, Arkansas
Syracuse University alumni
20th-century American male artists
Ricky Bochem (born 18 October 1982 in the Netherlands) is a Dutch retired footballer.
References
Dutch footballers
Living people
1982 births
Association football midfielders
SBV Vitesse players
Helmond Sport players
Ohio's 31st senatorial district has been based in central Ohio since 1982 and currently consists of the counties of Coshocton, Licking, Perry and Tuscarawas along with portions of Holmes county. It encompasses Ohio House districts 71, 72 and 98. It has a Cook PVI of R+6. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Jay Hottinger. He resides in Newark, a city located in Licking County.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 31st district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Frank Mays Hull (born December 9, 1948) is a Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.
Education
Hull received her Bachelor of Arts degree from Randolph-Macon Woman's College (now Randolph College) in 1970. She received her Juris Doctor from Emory University School of Law in 1973. She graduated cum laude, Order of the Coif, and was on the Law Review.
Legal career
Hull was a law clerk to Judge Elbert P. Tuttle of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit from 1973 to 1974. She was an associate attorney with the law firm Powell, Goldstein, Frazer & Murphy, in Atlanta, Georgia from 1974 to 1980 and a partner there from 1980 to 1984. She served as a Judge for the State Court of Fulton County, Georgia from 1984 to 1990, as a Judge for the Superior Court of Fulton County, Georgia from 1990 to 1994.
Federal judicial service
Hull was nominated by Bill Clinton on February 9, 1994, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia vacated by Marvin Herman Shoob. She was confirmed by the Senate on May 6, 1994, and received commission on May 9, 1994. Her service terminated on October 2, 1997, due to elevation to the Eleventh Circuit.
She was nominated by President Bill Clinton on June 18, 1997, for the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit to a seat vacated by Phyllis A. Kravitch who took senior status. She was confirmed by the United States Senate in a 96–0 vote on September 4, 1997. She received her commission on September 18, 1997. She assumed senior status on December 31, 2017.
Sources
References
1948 births
American women judges
Emory University School of Law alumni
Georgia (U.S. state) lawyers
Georgia (U.S. state) state court judges
Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit
Judges of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia
Living people
People from Augusta, Georgia
United States court of appeals judges appointed by Bill Clinton
United States district court judges appointed by Bill Clinton
20th-century American judges
21st-century American judges
20th-century women judges
21st-century women judges
21st-century American women
Philip M. Bilden (born 1964) is an American businessman and private equity & venture capital investor. He was nominated by President Donald Trump to serve as the 76th United States Secretary of the Navy in January, 2017, although he subsequently withdrew himself from consideration. He is a philanthropist and advocate for national security, the U.S. Navy, and cybersecurity.
Early life and education
Philip M. Bilden was born in 1964, the son of a Navy officer with numerous duty stations across the United States. He attended eight American public primary and secondary schools in five states. Bilden lived in Zionsville, Indiana, graduating from Zionsville Community High School in 1982. He was class valedictorian. He was awarded both Army ROTC and Navy ROTC scholarships and opted for the Army scholarship when he enrolled at Georgetown University. Bilden graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service, magna cum laude, in 1986 with a concentration in International Politics focused in Soviet Bloc studies and a proficiency in Spanish. He received Georgetown's W. Coleman Nevils Award for U.S. Diplomatic History for his thesis, "Alfred Thayer Mahan's Theory of Sea Power". He graduated as a Distinguished Military Graduate, United States Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps, where he was awarded the President's Cup as the top graduate of the Georgetown Army ROTC brigade. He received his MBA from Harvard Business School in 1991.
Military service
From 1986 to 1996, Bilden served in the U.S. Army Reserve as a military intelligence officer. He was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant and served through the rank of Captain at Strategic Military Intelligence Detachments supporting the Defense Intelligence Agency. He resigned his commission in 1996 upon relocating to Hong Kong. Bilden is the third of seven men in his family to have served over four consecutive generations in the U.S. Navy and U.S. Army since World War II.
Business leadership & career
Bilden is Chairman and Managing Partner of Shield Capital, a venture capital firm he founded to invest in emerging national security technologies. Shield Capital announced a strategic partnership with aerospace & defense company, L3 Harris Technologies (NYSE: LHX) to pursue early stage investments in frontier technologies including cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, autonomy, and space intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR). Bilden was a co-founding member of the private equity firm HarbourVest Partners, which manages over $42 billion in assets. He began his career in Boston in 1991 and relocated to Hong Kong in 1996 to establish the firm's Asian subsidiary. Bilden was responsible for the firm's investment strategy and execution, capital raising, and client service activities throughout the Asia Pacific region, managing personnel and partnerships in multiple countries and cultures. Throughout his 25-year tenure at HarbourVest Partners, Bilden served in senior leadership roles in the firm's global management, including the firm's six-person executive committee responsible for governance. He became a founding member of the firm following the management buyout of HarbourVest's predecessor company in 1997. He became a senior advisor of HarbourVest in January 2012. After 25 years at the firm, Bilden retired in 2016.
Bilden served on the advisory boards of several international private equity partnerships, including funds managed by Archer Capital (Australia), Bain Capital Asia, Brait Capital Partners (South Africa), Castle Harlan Australian Mezzanine Partners (CHAMP), KKR Asia, Latin American Enterprise Fund, Olympus Capital (Asia), Pacific Equity Partners (Australia), TPG Asia, and Unitas Capital (Asia). Bilden served as inaugural Chairman of the Emerging Markets Private Equity Association 2011–2012.
Bilden was awarded the Asia Venture Capital Journal Special Achievement award for "outstanding contribution to private equity in the region" upon completion of his 15th year managing the firm's Asia business. He was named among "Asia's 25 Most Influential People in Private Equity" by Asian Investor.
Bilden served on the Board of Directors of Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE: HII), America's largest military shipbuilding company, from 2017-2022, including as Chairman of HII's Cybersecurity Committee. Bilden serves on the Board of Directors of GoSecure and Authentic8, venture capital funded cybersecurity companies, and the Advisory Board of international equity manager, Contrast Capital.
Secretary of the Navy nomination
On January 25, 2017, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Bilden to be the United States Secretary of the Navy. Bilden announced his decision to respectfully withdraw from consideration as 76th Secretary of the Navy in a statement issued by the Pentagon on February 26, 2017 noting his inability to serve without materially adverse financial divestiture of private family assets. Bilden outlined key challenges facing the 76th Secretary of the Navy due to a decade of budgetary disinvestment and the increasingly complex security environment facing the U.S. Navy. Bilden advised the next Secretary of the Navy to take urgent action to reverse the Navy and Marine Corps readiness and modernization deficit, develop a strategic plan for the fleet of the future, and partner with the Congress and industry to develop a multi-year procurement plan.
National security and cybersecurity advocacy & philanthropy
Bilden serves on several boards of public policy, non-profit, educational, and philanthropic organizations supporting military veterans, national and regional security, and cybersecurity missions. He serves as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Naval War College Foundation, where he also served as Vice Chairman and as the inaugural Chairman of the Center for Cyber Conflict Studies and the Cyber & Tech Council of Business Executives for National Security. He previously served on the Chief of Naval Operations Executive Panel (U.S. Navy), the Board of Directors of the United States Naval Academy Foundation; the Board of Directors, U.S. Naval Institute; the Board of Advisors of Georgetown University School of Foreign Service; and the Asia Pacific Advisory Board and Dean's Board of Advisors of Harvard Business School.
Personal life
Bilden and his wife, Patricia Bilden, have been married three decades and are residents of Palm Beach, Florida. They attended Georgetown University together and subsequently were married at Holy Trinity Church in Georgetown. Patricia is a retired dermatologist originally from Iowa. The Bildens have three adult children who were educated in Hong Kong for two decades and are fluent in Mandarin Chinese. The Bilden's two sons commissioned from the U.S. Naval Academy and serve in the U.S. Navy.
References
1964 births
American venture capitalists
Businesspeople from Newport, Rhode Island
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
Harvard Business School alumni
Living people
United States Army reservists
Rhode Island Republicans
American philanthropists
People from Zionsville, Indiana
People from Palm Beach, Florida
Choi Bae-geun (Korean: 최배근, born 12 April 1959) is a South Korean economist, educator and politician who served as the President of the Platform Party, along with Woo Hee-jong.
Career
He studied economics at Konkuk University and University of Georgia. He has been lecturing at Konkuk University since 1990. He has been involved in various organisations, including People's Solidarity for Participatory Democracy, Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation and so on. In 2004, he was briefly a columnist of Hankyoreh.
In 2007, he became one of the co-Presidents of the Onward Korea, a political organisation that never became an official political party. He later joined the Future (now Future Party) but quit later. In 2020, he founded a new political party, named the For the Citizens (soon renamed as Platform Party), along with Woo Hee-jong. He resigned on 16 April, whereas Woo remained till the party was merged into the Democratic Party on 13 May.
Ideology
Choi is very critical towards the economic policies of the Moon Jae-in cabinet. In December 2018, he cited that Moon, who called himself as a "pro-labour" was forwarding a failed labour reforms. As an example, he added Moon's original manifesto to increase the minimum wage was not fulfilled. He also denounced that Moon's policies were more right-wing than Lee Myung-bak and Park Geun-hye due to the several projects i.e. privatisation.
In 2019, he harshly criticised Japan under Shinzo Abe, citing that Shinzo wants to establish a pro-Japan government in South Korea.
Criticisms
In 2019, Choi joined protests supporting Cho Kuk as the Minister of Justice, shortly after the minister had resigned following the controversies. Choi then shouted in front of people, "Dear Cho Kuk, you're our eternal Justice Minister!" Shortly before this, he condemned the prosecutor and anti-government medias for infringing the former Justice Minister, like what they had done to the ex-President Roh Moo-hyun 10 years ago. When Choi founded the Platform Party, Kim Jin-tae, a United Future MP denounced the party as a "pro-Cho Kuk party", citing a Choi's remarks (calling the ex-Minister as the "eternal") in October 2019.
References
External links
Choi Bae-geun on Facebook
Choi Bae-geun on YouTube
1959 births
Living people
South Korean politicians
South Korean educators
South Korean economists
Konkuk University alumni
University of Georgia alumni
People from Seoul
Qatar competed at the 2017 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan from September 17 to 27. Qatar won 11 medals during the multi-sport event including 4 gold medals. Qatari delegation claimed 6 medals in 6 different team events.
3x3 Basketball
Qatar men's national 3x3 basketball team secured the gold medal after emerging as the champions in the men's category by beating Iraq with a score of 22–12 in the finals. Qatari basketball team emerged as unbeaten winners in the tournament.
Participants
Medallists
References
Nations at the 2017 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games
2017 in Qatari sport
The 2019–20 season is San Lorenzo's 35th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina, Copa de la Superliga and Copa Libertadores.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
San Lorenzo snapped up Chacarita Juniors youngster Franco Romero in May. Germán Berterame sealed a move away on 6 June, agreeing a transfer to Atlético San Luis of Liga MX; a deal that was officially completed on 14 June. The club agreed, in principle, to the transfers of Unión Santa Fe brothers Bruno and Mauro Pittón on 21 June; subject to terms and medicals. The duo completed their moves in the following twenty-four hours. On 24 June, San Lorenzo announced the signing of Ezequiel Cerutti; days after the winger had terminated his contract with Al-Hilal of the Saudi Professional League. Gonzalo Jaque and Ezequiel Ávila sealed departures on 26/27 June. Santiago Vergini, having spent 2018–19 with Bursaspor, returned home with San Lorenzo on 27 June.
Lucas Menossi joined on 28 June. Rodrigo De Ciancio departed San Lorenzo for Atlanta on 29 June, a day prior to Santiago González heading to Nueva Chicago on loan. 2018–19 loans expired on/around 30 June. Juan Antonio Pizzi's men took on their reserves on 3 July to kick off their pre-season schedule. A win and a loss occurred in games on 6 July versus Deportivo Morón, with San Lorenzo winning 3–0. Gabriel Rojas was loaned to Peñarol on 6 July. Adam Bareiro became San Lorenzo's seventh reinforcement, as he penned a one-year loan deal, with a purchase option, from Liga MX's Monterrey. Alejandro Melo agreed a move to Coquimbo Unido. Estudiantes were met in friendlies on 13 July, with a goalless draw being followed by a 3–2 home win.
Aldosivi completed the signing of Román Martínez on 18 July. Also on that day, Ferro Carril Oeste were defeated in exhibition matches at the Estadio Pedro Bidegain. Damián Pérez went to Spain with Sporting Gijón on 19 July. Gerónimo Poblete came on loan from Metz on 21 July, having spent the past season loaned to San Lorenzo from the French outfit. Tomás Conechny was signed permanently by Major League Soccer's Portland Timbers on 22 July, after spending the past twelve months on loan in the United States. Soon after, Ariel Rojas headed off to Atlético Tucumán.
July
San Lorenzo played the first leg of their Copa Libertadores round of sixteen ties with Cerro Porteño of Paraguay on 24 July, with the encounter ending in a goalless draw in Buenos Aires. Raúl Loaiza's loan from Atlético Nacional was ended in July, allowing him to sign for Defensa y Justicia on 25 July. San Lorenzo started their league season with a win over Godoy Cruz on 27 July, with Nicolás Blandi securing the points with a late penalty. Juan Ramírez put pen to paper on a four-year contract from Talleres on 30 July. Gonzalo Castellani became the eighth player to leave San Lorenzo on 30 July, as he agreed terms with Atlético Tucumán. San Lorenzo were eliminated from the Copa Libertadores on 31 July, as Cerro Porteño beat them 2–1 in the second leg in Paraguay.
August
3 August saw youth player Gonzalo Berterame depart to Gimnasia y Esgrima (M). San Lorenzo followed up their Primera División victory on 27 July with another three points over Gimnasia y Esgrima (LP) on 4 August. Felix Villacorta signed for Uruguayan Segunda División side Atenas on 6 August. On 8 August, San Lorenzo announced the double signing of twin brothers Ángel Romero (Corinthians) and Óscar Romero (Shanghai Shenhua). Alejandro Molina was loaned to Gimnasia y Esgrima (M) on 12 August. Nicolás Reniero transferred to Eduardo Coudet's Racing Club on 13 August. Santamarina captured Jonás Acevedo on loan on 14 August. San Lorenzo came from two down to secure a point at the Estadio Pedro Bidegain versus Rosario Central on 17 August.
On 19 August, Spanish third tier club Cultural Leonesa revealed the loan signing of Gabriel Gudiño. San Lorenzo continued their undefeated streak in the Primera División on 23 August, as well as ending the perfect start of Arsenal de Sarandí at the Estadio Julio Humberto Grondona after strikes from Juan Ramírez and Nicolás Blandi. San Lorenzo maintained their unbeaten beginning to the league season with a win over Unión Santa Fe on 31 August.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Deportivo Morón announced an exhibition fixture with San Lorenzo on 19 June 2019, with the match set for 6 July. A trip to Estudiantes was confirmed on 22 June for 13 July. However, the game's host was reversed on 28 June as their opponents revealed it would take place at the Estadio Pedro Bidegain. Friendlies with their reserves started their pre-season. Details for the encounter with Deportivo Morón were set on 5 July. A fixture with Ferro Carril Oeste was revealed on 12 July.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Copa de la Superliga
Copa Libertadores
San Lorenzo's opponents for the Copa Libertadores round of sixteen were drawn in May 2019, as they received Cerro Porteño of the Paraguayan Primera División.
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
San Lorenzo de Almagro seasons
San Lorenzo
Shubhmangal Online () is an Indian Marathi television serial which is aired on Colors Marathi. It is produced by Subodh Bhave.
Plot
A marriage fixed during lockdown, where Sharvari and Shantanu have never meet personally, a few video calls is the reason of their life bond. Shantanu is shy guy who says that their parents have forced him for marriage whereas Sharvari seems like confident and fun loving girl.
Reception
Airing history
Cast
Sayali Sanjeev as Sharvari Gawaskar
Suyash Tilak as Shantanu Sadavarte
Sukanya Kulkarni as Anupama Sadavarte
Samidha Guru as Aishwarya Randive
Archana Nipankar as Rucha Gawaskar
Rushikesh Wamburkar as Chinmay Kamat
Guru Divekar as Harshad Gawaskar
Ankita Panvelkar as Madhuri Gawaskar
Shraddha Pokhrankar as Minakshi Palekar
Asmita Khatkhate as Ratna
Yogesh Kelkar as Jagdish Gawaskar
Amita Khopkar as Padma Aatya
Anand Ingale as Harinivas Guruji
Milind Phatak as Shrikant Sadavarte
Sachin Deshpande as Advocate Kirti Kumar Agnihotri
Awards
References
External links
Shubhmangal Online at Voot
Marathi-language television shows
2020 Indian television series debuts
Colors Marathi original programming
2021 Indian television series endings
Costanza Sforza of Santa Fiora (1550–1617) was an Italian noblewoman. By birth she was member of the powerful House of Sforza and by marriage member of the House of Boncompagni.
Early life
Costanza was daughter of Sforza Sforza, 10th Count di Santa Fiora (1520-1575) and his first wife, Luigia Pallavicino (died in 1552). She was a granddaughter of Costanza Farnese (daughter of Alessandro Farnese, later Pope Paul III). She married Giacomo Boncompagni, Marquess of Vignola, and Duke of Sora.
Lavinia Fontana, a prominent Bolognese artist, painted her portrait in 1594. A year later, Constanza served as the namesake and godmother of Fontana's daughter.
Notes
References
Murphy, Caroline P. (1996). "Lavinia Fontana and 'Le Dame Citta': understanding female artistic patronage in late sixteenth-century Bologna." Renaissance Studies 10 (2). pp. 190–208. JSTOR.
1550 births
1617 deaths
Italian duchesses
Costanza
Date of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
Place of birth unknown
Place of death unknown
16th-century Italian women
17th-century Italian women
Armando Zeferino Soares, (1920 in São Nicolau, Cape Verde – April 3, 2007) was a Capeverdean composer, author of the famous song Sodade.
He was born in Praia Branca in the island of São Nicolau and worked there as a salesman.
He had several disputes due to the authorship of Sodade with other composers, including Amândio Cabral and Luís Morais. Finally, in December 2006, the court declared Armando Soares the author of the famous song. He told the newspaper A Semana that he created the music in the 1950s in a farewell celebration to a group of friends that embarked for São Tomé e Príncipe.
External links
1920 births
2007 deaths
Cape Verdean composers
People from São Nicolau, Cape Verde
Jon Stevens (born 8 October 1961) is a New Zealand singer, best known for his work with Noiseworks and Jesus Christ Superstar.
Biography
1980–1986: career beginnings and Jezebel
Stevens was born in Upper Hutt, New Zealand, and is of Scottish and Māori descent. His brother is singer Frankie Stevens. He formed his first band while at Heretaunga College.
Stevens released his debut studio album Jezebel on CBS Records in 1980. It peaked at number 7 on the New Zealand charts and was certified Gold. He moved to Australia in 1981 and subsequently became an Australian citizen.
In 1982, a self-titled album was released, but was not successful. In 1983, Stevens formed the band the Change with guitarist Stuart Fraser. Over the next few years, additional members were added before renaming themselves as Noiseworks in 1986.
1986–1992: Noiseworks and Jesus Christ Superstar
In 1986, Stevens became the lead singer of the Sydney band Noiseworks. The band released three platinum studio albums between 1987 and 1991, with the greatest hits released in 1992. The band had three top ten singles across that time, those being "Take Me Back", "Touch" and "Hot Chilli Woman"
In 1992, Stevens played the role of Judas in the Australian production of Jesus Christ Superstar. A cast recording album was released in July 1992, which peaked at number 1 and was the highest selling album in Australia in 1992.
1993–1999: Solo work – Are U Satisfied and Circle
In 1993, Stevens signed with Columbia Records and released his third solo studio album, Are U Satisfied, which peaked at number 27 on the ARIA Charts.
In 1994, Stevens recorded "Don't Knock My Love" with Kate Ceberano for her album Kate Ceberano and Friends.
and released "Last One Standing For You" with Black Sorrows and a cover of the Temptations' "I Wish It Would Rain" with all proceeds from the song benefitting drought-stricken farmers.
In 1996, Stevens released his fourth studio album, Circle. In 1997, he recorded a cover of Frankie Goes To Hollywood's "Two Tribes". It was also the time in Australia when rugby league was going through a change with the split to "Super League". Television hosts, Foxtel, decided to use this song as their theme song for the series.
Stevens co-wrote the official song for the Sydney 2000 Olympics torch relay, entitled "Carry the Flame", with Barbara Griffin, who arranged the composition.
2000–2003: INXS
From 2000 to 2003, Stevens fronted Australian rock band INXS after the death of their lead singer Michael Hutchence. Stevens toured with the band for a year before he was officially announced as their lead singer in March 2002, prior to a 40-city US tour. The Stevens-fronted INXS released a song in 2003 called "I Get Up" but he quit the band in October of that year before an album was released. Stevens explained in a May 2009 interview that his departure from the band was due to a creative lull:
After 3½ years I'd had enough - the creativity was too slow. I had too much going on with my own stuff and I just said, "No". No need to be going away for months on end, away from home, away from family. It's hard to justify it when you're just playing other people's songs.
2004–2011: Solo work and touring
In late 2004, Stevens released his fifth studio album, Ain't No Life for the Faint Hearted, a modern R&B album that features a cover version of the Doors' "Light My Fire".
In 2005, Stevens released The Works, recorded as part of the Liberation Blue acoustic series, which included tracks from his time in Noiseworks. After a national tour with Ian Moss and the Choirboys— "Six Strings & The Works"—he completed a smaller acoustic tour, followed by a short break and an announcement that Noiseworks were preparing to tour again in late September 2007.
After two months on the road across Australia, Stevens took a break. In January 2008, Stevens's management confirmed plans for a massive national tour with Ian Moss, Jack Jones and Tania Doko. The tour was titled Let's Get Together and was scheduled to begin in Melbourne in April 2008, following Stevens's acoustic tour of regional Victoria with Australian country music singer Adam Brand.
In August 2011, Stevens released a new single "Just a Man" to Australian radio. A seventh solo studio album was released in September 2011 on new record label Universal Music Australia, called Changing Times. On 11 November 2011, a new album of soul music cover versions, called Testify!, was also released.
2012–present: The Dead Daisies, Woman and Starlight
In July 2012, Stevens teamed up with production outfit Silver Sneakerz for a dance remix of Noiseworks' 1988 hit "Touch". It was released on dance label Hussle Recordings (a division of Ministry of Sound). They performed the track live on The X Factor Australia on 30 October 2012.
In 2013, Stevens contributed the song "Fly" for the Planes (film) soundtrack.
Also in 2012, Stevens formed the Dead Daisies with guitarist David Lowy, son of Australian shopping-centre magnate Frank Lowy. The two were introduced by David Edwards, ex-manager of INXS. The band's first single was "Lock N Load" featuring Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash, which was released in April 2013. The band's debut album was released in August 2013. In April 2015, the band announced that Stevens was no longer a member of the group.
Stevens signed with Social Family Records and released his ninth studio album titled Woman in September 2015. The album peaked at number 86 on the Australian ARIA Charts.
In 2016, Jon Stevens teamed up with Dave Stewart from Eurythmics and they wrote and recorded a new album called Starlight. The first single, "Hold On" was released on 13 February 2017, and the album was released on 31 March 2017. The album debuted at number 16 on the ARIA Charts; becoming Stevens' highest charting album of his career.
Causes
In 2012, Stevens is listed as a supporter of the "Oscar's Law" campaign, together with other publicly known figures. The campaign protests against the factory farming of companion animals and is named after a neglected dog found in central Victoria, Australia. Other notable supporters include Mark McEntee (musician), Mick Molloy (comedian) and the Essendon Football Club (Australian Football League).
Discography
Solo albums
Jezebel (1980):
Jon Stevens (1982)
Are U Satisfied (1993):
Circle (1996)
Ain't No Life for the Faint Hearted (2004)
The Works (2005)
Changing Times (2011)
Testify! (2011)
Woman (2015)
Starlight (2017)
Awards and nominations
Country Music Awards (CMAA)
The Country Music Awards of Australia (CMAA) (also known as the Golden Guitar Awards) is an annual awards night held in January during the Tamworth Country Music Festival, celebrating recording excellence in the Australian country music industry. They have been held annually since 1973.
|-
|rowspan="2"| 2016 ||rowspan="2"| "Spirit of the Anzacs" (with Lee Kernaghan, Guy Sebastian, Jessica Mauboy, Sheppard, Shannon Noll and Megan Washington) || Vocal Collaboration of the Year ||
|-
| Video clip of the Year ||
|-
Logie Awards
The Logie Awards (officially the TV Week Logie Awards) is an annual gathering to celebrate Australian television, sponsored and organised by magazine TV Week, with the first ceremony in 1959, known then as the TV Week Awards, the awards are presented in 20 categories representing both public and industry voted awards.
|-
| Logie Awards of 1993
| "Everything's Alright"
| Most Popular Music Video
|
|}
New Zealand Music Awards
The New Zealand Music Awards are an annual awards night celebrating excellence in New Zealand music and have been presented annually since 1965.
!
|-
| 1979 || Jon Stevens || Most Promising Male || || rowspan="4" |
|-
| rowspan="3" | 1980 || "Montego Bay" || Single of the Year ||
|-
| Jon Stevens || Most Promising Male ||
|-
| Jon Stevens || Male Vocalist of the Year ||
|-
References
External links
Jon Stevens - Official Website
The Dead Daisies - Official Website
AudioCulture profile
Jon Stevens on Sergent.com.au
1961 births
Living people
People from Upper Hutt
New Zealand emigrants to Australia
Naturalised citizens of Australia
New Zealand rock singers
Australian people of Māori descent
New Zealand Māori musicians
INXS members
Australian rock singers
People educated at Heretaunga College
The Dead Daisies members
Saraycık, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Johannes Mononen (born 4 May 1991) is a Finnish footballer, who currently represents AC Oulu of Ykkönen, the second highest level of football in Finland. He is also part of Finland national under-18 football team. He is a defender and usually plays the position of central defender.
Mononen's youth team was JIPPO from Joensuu, for which he also played 13 matches in Ykkönen, the second highest level of football in Finland, in 2008. After that he made a contract with Tampere United of the premier league. He has been on trial with Italian teams Inter Milan and Chievo Verona.
References
Finnish footballers
Tampere United players
Veikkausliiga players
1991 births
Living people
JIPPO players
Association football defenders
The 1888–89 season was the second season of football by Celtic. They competed in the Scottish Cup, Glasgow Exhibition Cup, Glasgow Merchants Charity Cup, Glasgow Cup and Glasgow North Eastern Cup.
Results and fixtures
Pre-season and friendlies
Scottish Cup
Glasgow Cup
Glasgow Merchants Charity Cup
Glasgow North Eastern Cup
Rangers & Clydesdale Harriers Sports Cup
Notes
References
Celtic F.C. seasons
Celtic
The citreoline trogon (Trogon citreolus) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae. It is endemic to western Mexico, with an estimated distribution size of 539,000 km2 Due to this very large range, the IUCN consider it a species of The Least Concern and that the current population trend is stable. T. citreolus has also been studied as an Ecosystem engineer.
Much of our knowledge about this species comes from the work of Alexander Skutch.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are arid or semi-arid woodland habitats, low coastal jungle, thorny brushland, thorn-forest, mangroves and plantations. This species build nests in cavities in arboreal termitaria (termite nests built in trees). It is thought that this nesting technique provides a critical role in creating necessary cavities for many organisms in tropical dry forests.
Reproduction
Trogon citreolus reproduces between May and August, nesting in arboreal termite nests, in relatively sheltered vegetation, with 2-4 eggs per nest.
Feeding
Trogon citreolus eats mainly fruit from January to June, and insects from July to November, both during December and January. Most insects are eaten, including flying species, which they catch whilst they hover momentarily at the end of a long upward or outward dart. There is wide range to their animal prey, including dragonflies; mantises, grasshoppers and other ortopterans; big caterpillars, both hairy and hairless; and many smaller insects. The fruit is often swallowed with the seed, which is later regurgitated. They also eat the orange coloured pulp of the Central American rubber tree (Castilla elastica) and the green fruiting catkins of cecropia.
Identification
Around 27 cm in size, weighing between 85 and 90 grams. Adult males have a uniform gray head and upper breast and a metallic green mantle, fading to a violet-blue rump. The bill is pale blue-grey, and the eyes are yellow. The uppertail is blue-green with a black tip, and the wings are dark, with outer webs of the primaries white. The dark gray upper breast is separated from the bright yellow belly and undertail, with a creamy white breastband. Females are entirely dark gray above and tend to have a paler gray breast and paler yellow belly. Both sexes have dark bills and yellow eyes and predominantly white undertails. Near Ocozocoautla de Espinosa, the Citreoline can overlap with the Black-headed trogon, in this area the Citreoline is paler overall with more white in the undertail (extending all the way to the undertail coverts in the outer webs) and lacks the dark eye and white eyering.
The voice is similar to Trogon melanocephalus, a rapid sequence of low, throaty, short notes, resembling an antbird. In the mating season, several of each sex gather close together in scattered trees. Skutch observed that
"As each calls, it jerks its tail up and down with rapid but mincing strokes and shakes its slightly relaxed wings. Occasionally one trogon darts at another, who usually retreats without any show of resistance. The birds are evidently courting, but the proceedings are so long drawn out that it requires extraordinary patience to follow them to their natural conclusion. Later, while carving out the nest cavity, the trogons give voice to low, whining notes which resemble the grunts of new-born puppies."
Subspecies
There are two subspecies of citreoline trogon:
Trogon citreolus citreolus Gould, 1835 – Pacific slope of Mexico from Sinaloa to Oaxaca.
Trogon citreolus sumichrasti Brodkorb, 1942 – Pacific coastal plain of Mexico in Oaxaca and Chiapas.
References
citreoline trogon
Endemic birds of Mexico
citreoline trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Desisa malaccensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Malaysia and Borneo.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1938
Beetles of Asia
Michael Peck may refer to:
Michael Peck (cricketer) (born 1967), former English cricketer
Michael Peck (entrepreneur) (1971-) Lee's Summit, MO
Michael Peck (priest) (1914–1968), Dean of Lincoln, 1965–1968
Mick Peck (born 1981), New Zealand magician
Michael Peck (footballer) (born 2001), English association footballer
Ghassoul (Arabic: غسول) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria. It part of Brézina District and has a population of 5.179, which gives it seven seats in the PMA. Its postal code is 32150 and its municipal code is 3205.
It is also the name of a red Moroccan clay (sometimes known as Rhassoul) dug in the Atlas mountains.
Communes of El Bayadh Province
Missa Mercuria is a progressive metal project which involved members of the German bands Vanden Plas, Pink Cream 69 and Silent Force.
The album released by the project is a rock opera based on an idea and story by Karin Forstner and issued through Lion Music in 2002. The story revolves around the intervention of the Gods - represented by the four elements Fire, Water, Earth and Air - to prevent the destruction of Mankind and on the mission of the Gods' messenger Mercuria back in time.
It features lyrics written by D. C. Cooper and music written by Alex Beyrodt (Sinner, The Sygnet, Silent Force, Voodoo Circle), Günter Werno and Stephan Lill (Vanden Plas) and Alfred Koffler (Pink Cream 69). There are also vocal features of David Readman (Pink Cream 69), Andy Kuntz (Vanden Plas) and Sabine Edelsbacher (Edenbridge).
Track listing
All lyrics by D. C. Cooper, music as indicated
Personnel
Vocalists and characters
D. C. Cooper (Firegod)
Sabine Edelsbacher (Watergoddess)
Lori Williams (Earthgoddess)
Andy Kuntz (Airgod)
Isolde Groß (Mercuria)
David Readman (Narrator)
Musicians
Stephan Lill - guitars
Alfred Koffler - guitars
Alex Beyrodt - guitars
Günter Werno - keyboards
Dennis Ward - bass
Andreas Lill - drums
Pedro Weiss - percussion
Production
Dennis Ward - producer, engineer
Achim Kohler - mixing
References
External links
Official Homepage
Rock operas
2002 albums
Albums produced by Dennis Ward (musician)
Terra Vibe is a park in Attica, Greece, which is used as a venue for large-scale outdoor events, such as concerts and festivals.
Opened in 2004, it has hosted events such as the Rockwave Festival and Terra Vibe Festival, and covers .
In 2010, the Sonisphere Festival took place and the Big Four of thrash metal performed with headliners Metallica.
Mötley Crüe were due to play Rockwave in 2009 as part of the Crüe Fest tour but due to heavy rain in the Malakasa area, the venue was ruled unsafe and the event cancelled. Lauren Harris was support. The rain eventually stopped in time for the final day of the festival when Slipknot headlined.
The venue has hosted many festivals and some them are the annual Rockwave Festival, Sonisphere Festival 2010, Terra Vibe Festival and many artists have performed there not only as part of a festival
Artists who have performed at Terra Vibe
2004
W.A.S.P.
Soulfly
Dark Tranquillity
Firewind
Judas Priest
Nightwish
Queensrÿche
Placebo
HIM
2005
Duran Duran
Iron Maiden
Black Sabbath
Velvet Revolver
Black Label Society
DragonForce
Marilyn Manson
Moby
Slayer
Accept
Candlemass
Twisted Sister
Dio
Anthrax
The Cure
Korn
2006:
Sting
Roger Waters
Guns N' Roses
Depeche Mode
Placebo
Twisted Sister
Crimson Glory
Moonspell
W.A.S.P. did not perform, due to health problems of lead singer/guitarist Blackie Lawless.
2007:
Robert Plant & The Strange Sensation
Chris Cornell
Europe
Heaven And Hell
Dream Theater
Iced Earth
Metallica
Mastodon
My Dying Bride
Tool
Muse
Manic Street Preachers
2008:
Iron Maiden
Judas Priest
KISS
Kylie Minogue
Opeth
Within Temptation
Morbid Angel
Cavalera Conspiracy
The Offspring
Patti Smith
Linkin Park
Siouxsie
DEUS
Marky Ramone
The Gossip
Carcass
Innerwish
Manu Chao
Leonard Cohen
Lenny Kravitz
2009:
Deep Purple
The Killers
Slipknot
Duffy
Moby
Mastodon
Gogol Bordello
Linkin Park
Tokio Hotel
Depeche Mode did not perform, due to health problems of lead singer Dave Gahan.
2010:
Bob Dylan
Metallica
Slayer
Megadeth
Anthrax
Bullet For My Valentine
Stone Sour
Suicidal Angels
Rammstein
Combichrist
The Black Eyed Peas
Massive Attack
Fatboy Slim
Faithless
Gogol Bordello
Ska-P
Jethro Tull
Diana Krall
Serj Tankian
Placebo
Ozzy Osbourne
2011
Roxette
Iron Maiden
Slipknot
Mastodon
Gojira
The Prodigy
Gogol Bordello
Kyuss
Monster Magnet
Therapy?
Editors
Sivert Hoyem
The Stranglers
flogging molly
Dream Theater
2013
Depeche Mode
Lana Del Rey (as part of the Rockwave Festival)
The Subways (as part of the Rockwave Festival)
Echo & the Bunnymen (as part of the Rockwave Festival)
2015
The Black Keys
The Black Angels
Robbie Williams
The Prodigy
Judas Priest
Rotting Christ
Black Rebel Motorcycle Club
Manu Chao
Black Label Society
Thirty Seconds to Mars
2016
The Last Shadow Puppets
Dropkick Murphys
Suede
Lana Del Rey
Turbonegro
Allah-alas
2017
Depeche Mode
Placebo
Evanescence
Gojira
floggin molly
Sivert Høyem
External links
Terra Vibe
Music venues in Greece
Tourist attractions in Attica
Buildings and structures in Attica
VW is Volkswagen, a German automobile manufacturer.
VW, V.W., Vw, or Vw. may also refer to:
Music
Vampire Weekend, an American rock band
"VW", a song on Fantasy Black Channel by Late of the Pier
Science and technology
VW Cephei, a binary star system
Van Wijngaarden grammar, in computer science
Viewport width, in Web design, a Cascading Style Sheets unit of length
Vowpal Wabbit, online machine-learning software
Other uses
Aeromar, a Mexican airline (IATA code: VW)
VW Hamme, a Belgian association football club
VW Herald, a cycling race held in South Africa
Mabel Ann Wandelt (1917–2008) was an American nurse who made important contributions to the assessment of nursing quality within healthcare organizations. Wandelt was a nursing professor at Wayne State University, the University of Delaware and the University of Texas at Austin. She developed the Quality Patient Care Scale (Qualpacs) and performed much of the nursing retention research that later formed the Magnet Recognition Program.
Biography
Mabel Wandelt was born in Daggett, Michigan in 1917. She received a nursing diploma from Michael Reese Hospital in Chicago. She earned an undergraduate degree in public health nursing from Wayne State University in 1944. She attended graduate school at the University of Michigan, graduating with a Master of Public Health in 1948 and a doctorate in education in 1954.
Wandelt's early professional experiences included service in the Army Nurse Corps and a stint as a tuberculosis specialist in Washington, DC. She worked as a nurse educator at a Texas hospital before joining the faculty at Wayne State University in 1958. In 1973, Wandelt moved to the University of Delaware, where she served as a professor, assistant dean and acting dean. She taught at the University of Texas at Austin from 1977 to 1982, when she was named a Professor Emeritus.
While performing research on nursing turnover in Texas hospitals, Wandelt noticed an unexpected phenomenon. She found that where a particular hospital might be struggling with nursing recruitment and retention, there was often a nearby hospital having no such difficulties. Wandelt proposed to study these successful organizations and was one of four authors who published Magnet Hospitals: Attraction and Retention of Professional Nurses. This publication formed the basis of the Magnet Recognition Program. Wandelt and a colleague created the Quality Patient Care Scale (Qualpacs), an observational rating scale to measure nursing care quality. The details of the scale were published in 1974 and Wandelt's work influenced future metrics of nursing care. Wandelt was also the author of Guide for the Beginning Researcher and she served as an international nursing consultant.
In 1997, Wandelt was named a Living Legend by the American Academy of Nursing. She died at the age of 91 on November 20, 2008.
References
1917 births
2008 deaths
American nursing administrators
University of Michigan School of Public Health alumni
Wayne State University alumni
University of Texas at Austin faculty
University of Delaware faculty
Wayne State University faculty
Nursing school deans
United States Army Nurse Corps officers
Nursing educators
Women in the United States Army
American academic administrators
Sybra cristipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1950.
References
cristipennis
Beetles described in 1950
Isolate – The Numa Years is a compilation album by Gary Numan. It was released in March 1992 on CD and cassette and contains tracks issued on his own Numa Records label during the years 1984–1986. The songs (mainly in their extended or long forms) are taken from the albums Berserker, The Fury and Strange Charm. The four page insert contains printed lyrics to all the tracks.
CD copies of this album are known to suffer from CD bronzing.
Track listing
"My Breathing" – 6:35
"Call Out the Dogs" – 6:41
"Emotion" – 8:00
"My Dying Machine" – 9:04
"Time to Die" – 4:08
"Berserker" – 6:04
"Your Fascination" – 5:10
"The Secret" – 6:40
"Creatures" – 6:36
"This Is Love" – 4:29
Notes
"Time to Die" was originally exclusive to the cassette version of Berserker and also appeared as the b-side to the Sharpe and Numan single New Thing From London Town.
"This is Love" is incorrectly listed as being from Berserker instead of Strange Charm.
References
1992 compilation albums
Gary Numan compilation albums
Kirsten Hermansen (21 February 1930 – 8 November 2015) was a Danish operatic soprano and music pedagogue who performed for the Royal Danish Theatre. She made her solo debut in 1954 and then had her official stage debut the following year. Hermansen taught singing at her alma mater, the Royal Danish Academy of Music, in 1972 and as an associate professor from 1981. She received the Tagea Brandt Rejselegat in 1967 and was appointed a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1969.
Biography
On 21 February 1930, Hermansen was born in Copenhagen. She was the daughter of the head teacher Einar Holger Hermansen and the seamstress Kaja Louise Hessing and she was the youngest of five children in the family. Hermansen received tutoring from Eskild Rask Nielsen, and was educated at both the Royal Danish Academy of Music and the Opera Academy, studying under Holger Byrding at the university and after her graduation. She studied at an opera school under the tutelage of the drama teacher Anna Borg between 1953 and 1955.
She joined the Danish Radio Girls' Choir and gained singing and speaking roles in its musical performances. Hermansen gained national recognition when she was cast as the voice of the princess in the first ever Danish all-night cartoon Fyrtøjet in 1945. She also got the role of a child in Albert Herring by Benjamin Britten at the Royal Danish Academy of Music. In 1954, Hermansen had her solo debut at the Royal Danish Music Conservatory, and the following year made her official stage debut as Lucia in Britten's The Rape of Lucretia, for which she received critical praise. Following her playing Lucia in The Rake's Progress, she has sung the role of Susanna in the premiere of The Marriage of Figaro by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, and remained in the role for the following seventeen years. The role was described by critics as her breakthrough role. Hermansen also had roles in Mozart plays such as Blonde in Die Entführung aus dem Serail, Despina and Fiordiligi in Cosi fan tutte, The Queen of the Night in The Magic Flute, Rosina in La finta semplice, and the Marchioness in Der Rosenkavalier, a role that was broadcast on television.
Hermansen also performed the roles of Gilda in Rigoletto, Norina in Don Pasquale, Olympia in Hoffmann's Adventures, Zerbinetta in Ariadne auf Naxos, Hilde Mack in Elegy for Young Lovers for the Royal Danish Theatre. In 1972, Hermansen began teaching singing at the Royal Danish Academy of Music and became an associate professor at the institution nine years later. She taught the likes of Tina Kiberg, Elsebeth Lund, Susse Lillesøe, Michael Melbye and Johan René Schmidt. Hermansen partook in several concerts and recordings for Danmarks Radio, such as La sonnambula by Vincenzo Bellini in 1968. In 1983, she retired as a soprano opera singer.
Personal life
She was married to the double bassist Leif Rommer from Copenhagen. In 1969, Hermansen was appointed Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog. She died on 8 November 2015.
Legacy
Hermansen was described as not being "at all aristocratic, and with her good humour she was popular among her friends" and as having also contributed significantly "from her young years in the Danish Radio Girls' Choir to the great operetta roles with the Entertainment Orchestra and Grete Kolbe." Hermansen received various honorary awards for her work. She won the Musikanmelderringens kunstnerpris in 1956, the inaugural Elisabeth Dons' Memorial Scholarship in 1962, and Tagea Brandt Rejselegat in 1967.
References
External links
1930 births
2015 deaths
Singers from Copenhagen
20th-century Danish women opera singers
21st-century Danish women opera singers
Danish operatic sopranos
Knights of the Order of the Dannebrog
Singers awarded knighthoods
Royal Danish Academy of Music alumni
Royal Danish Academy of Music faculty
Women music educators
Baiqiao Tang (; born 11 August 1967, Yongzhou; sometimes spelled Tang Boqiao) is a Chinese political dissident from Hunan province who led student protests during the 1989 democracy movement. After the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre, Tang fled from agents of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) who eventually arrested him in the city of Jiangmen. He was charged with being a counter-revolutionary and imprisoned. Upon his release, he fled to Hong Kong, where he co-authored the report Anthems of Defeat: Crackdown in Hunan Province 1989 - 1992 through Human Rights Watch with Dr. Robin Munro of the University of London. Tang was later accepted into the United States as a political refugee in 1992. Tang claimed that he graduated in 2003 with a Master's degree in international affairs from Columbia University, but university archive and registrar of Columbia University claimed that he studied there but did not graduate.
Early life
Tang was born on August 11, 1967 in Yongzhou. He attended Lingling Number Four High School in Hunan, and then Hunan Normal University.
Arrival in the U.S.
Tang arrived in the United States in April, 1992. In June of that year, at a press conference in Washington, D.C., he announced the existence of an underground group called the All-China People's Autonomous Federation. According to Tang, the Federation was, at that time, operating in the People's Republic of China, and consisted mostly of former students who had taken part in the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989. Tang called himself the group's "overseas spokesman." He refused to cite specific members of the group for fear of reprisal by the Chinese Communist Party. The Federation's existence was corroborated by Dr. Robin Munro, who reportedly called the group "extensive and well organized."
Tang was also cited by officials of Asia Watch, a division of Human Rights Watch, for contributing the majority of research to a publication called Anthems of Defeat: Crackdown in Hunan Province 1989 - 1992. The book details some of the harshest punishments and human rights atrocities meted out by the CCP in the wake of Tiananmen Square. Among these were the plight of three Chinese dissidents sentenced up to life imprisonment for hurling paint at an image of Mao Zedong in connection with student protests during the 1989 democracy movement.
Continued activism
Since his escape from China, Tang Baiqiao has remained very active in the pro-democracy movement. In particular, he has called for a reassessment of China's human rights policies (including the number of actual casualties sustained in the Tiananmen Square massacre), an examination of the persecution of Falun Gong practitioners worldwide, support for the Dalai Lama's efforts to negotiate change for Tibet, and an end to the Chinese Communist Party.
Tang is a frequent on-air special commentator for New Tang Dynasty Television. He is a spokesman and officer for the China Interim Government. His articles have appeared in the Journal of International Affairs and Beijing Spring, among other publications.
Retrospective commentary on Tiananmen Square
In 1999, in an interview with Human Rights Watch, Tang stated that, "The 1989 democracy movement and the June 4 crackdown cut off any meaningful movement toward political change." Specifically, he said that public discussion related to political reforms were taking place before the Tiananmen Square protests. Tang noted that the reform efforts of Zhao Ziyang, Bao Tong, and Chen Yizi might well have prevailed had the crackdown never occurred. In essence, Tiananmen Square allowed CCP leaders such as Jiang Zemin to consolidate their power over the Party, the government, and the military.
In the same interview, Tang noted that corruption, not political reform, was the primary concern of student protestors. He pointed out that students also wished to see Hu Yaobang rehabilitated, as well as increased social benefits for intellectuals. Tang maintains that issues of democracy and human rights only emerged in the end stages of Tiananmen Square, and then somewhat tangentially. However, Tang notes that, due to the 1989 movement, the Chinese government has allowed greater economic, social, and cultural freedoms.
2009 assault
On July 6, 2009, Tang Baiqiao suffered an seemingly unprovoked assault by several men at a karaoke bar in Flushing, the Chinatown section of Queens. Tang suffered injuries to his face and hand. He maintains the assault was orchestrated and perpetrated by agents of the CCP, most likely in retaliation against statements he made in defense of Falun Gong practitioners, as well as his support for the Tuidang movement, which encourages renunciation of the CCP. However, Tang admitted his frustration that United States law enforcement were not convinced the attacks came from Communist sources. His claim has never been independently verified.
His version of events was supported by several New York leaders of the Chinese pro-democracy movement. Tang held a press conference at Capitol Hill, Washington, D.C. on July 30, 2009. He denounced the attacks, and called them reminiscent of a similar event that occurred in 2008 where mobs of up to 600 people physically and verbally assaulted Falun Gong members volunteering at a neighborhood community action center.
Publications
Anthems of Defeat: Crackdown in Hunan Province 1989 - 1992, with Robin Munro (1991)
Various articles
My Two Chinas: The Memoir of a Chinese Counterrevolutionary, with Damon DiMarco (2011) from Prometheus Books
Tang wrote the foreword to Peter Navarro's 2011 book Death by China, which highlights the threats to America's economic dominance in the 21st century posed by China's Communist Party.
He is a noted supporter of President Donald Trump.
In 2017 he started a Twitter account that translates to Simplified Chinese all of President Trump's tweets
See also
List of Chinese dissidents
External links
YouTube video
Facebook Page
Twitter account
Tangbaiqiao's blog
References
1967 births
Living people
Chinese dissidents
Chinese democracy activists
Chinese human rights activists
1989 Tiananmen Square protesters
Prisoners and detainees of the People's Republic of China
Voster ATS Team is a Polish UCI Continental cycling team founded in 2016. It obtained a UCI Continental licence in 2017.
Team roster
Major wins
2017
Overall Course Cycliste de Solidarnosc et des Champions Olympiques, Mateusz Komar
Stage 4, Mateusz Komar
2019
Overall Belgrade Banjaluka, Paweł Franczak
Visegrad 4 Kerekparverseny, Paweł Franczak
Stages 1 & 3 Baltyk-Karkonosze Tour, Paweł Franczak
Overall Tour of Malopolska, Adam Stachowiak
Stage 3, Adam Stachowiak
Grand Prix Doliny Baryczy migród - XXIX Memoria Grundmanna i Wizowskiego, Sylwester Janiszewski
2020
Overall Tour of Bulgaria, Patryk Stosz
Stage 2, Patryk Stosz
2021
Stage 2 Belgrade Banjaluka, Patryk Stosz
Stage 2 Tour of Małopolska, Patryk Stosz
Stage 1 Course de Solidarność et des Champions Olympiques, Patryk Stosz
Overall Szlakiem Grodów Piastowskich, Maciej Paterski
Stage 1, Patryk Stosz
Stage 2, Maciej Paterski
Stage 2 & 5 Tour of Romania, Patryk Stosz
Stage 4 Circuit des Ardennes, Patryk Stosz
2022
GP Adria Mobil, Maciej Paterski
National champions
2021
Poland Road Race, Maciej Paterski
References
External links
UCI Continental Teams (Europe)
Cycling teams established in 2016
Cycling teams based in Poland
Rockpepper Bay () is a bay 3.5 nautical miles (6 km) wide at its entrance, lying east of Boreal Point along the north coast of Joinville Island. Surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1953–54. So named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) because of the very many small islands and rocks in the bay.
References
Bays of Graham Land
Landforms of the Joinville Island group
Jan Bechtum (born 15 June 1958, Spijkenisse) is a Dutch guitarist and composer.
Bechtum was the first lead guitarist of Picture. He was influenced by Deep Purple, (mainly Ritchie Blackmore), Yes and Genesis.
In 1979 after having played in a few local bands, he got involved with Picture and was responsible for writing most of the songs for their first three albums. He left the band for personal reasons in 1983, right after their tour in Israel.
In 1992 and 1993, he performed in the gospel rock band Changed where he played with drummer Mark Maas. When that band stopped in 1993, Bechtum and Maas decided to try something and reformed Picture. With bass player Johannes Adema and vocalist Michel Zandbergen, the band recorded a demo and did a few good shows in the Netherlands. However, Bechtum decided to quit playing live performances in 1997 because of the growing violence in the Dutch nightlife.
Bechtum's favourite guitar is a Music Man Silhouette. While with Picture, he plugged straight into a Marshall with no effects.
In late 2007, Bechtum and the original members of Picture, with Ronald van Prooijen, teamed up for a reunion rehearsal. It went so well that they decided to continue rehearsing for some concert dates, and considered recording a new album in early 2008 with Shmoulik Avigal from the Diamond Dreamer lineup as their singer.
As of mid-2008, a permanent lineup was established with Bechtum, Rinus Vreugdenhil, Laurens Bakker, Rob vanEnkhuizen, and Pete Lovell. They are currently playing throughout Europe to very enthusiastic crowds. A limited edition live album was recorded at various venues and was released by the band. Plans are to go into the studio in early 2009 to record a new CD with new songs, two of which appeared on the limited edition CD.
The album Old Dogs, New Tricks was released on October 1, 2009 on the MarsMountains label. It contains 12 songs of all new material, released 30 years from when the band first formed.
On December 18, 2009, Bechtum announced his departure from Picture. He is being replaced by Peter Bourbon.
In October 2010, Bechtum revealed he formed a new band, Diamond Dreamer (named after the classic 1982 album), with former Picture member Rob van Enkhuizen (g), and also singer Martin van der Meyde, bassist Sander "Odie" Op Den Kelder and Nop Ton (dr).
When asked by the co-founding members (Rinus Vreugdenhil, Laurens Bakker) to rejoin Picture together with Ronald van Prooijen in 2016 he readily agreed.
References
1958 births
Living people
Dutch rock guitarists
Lead guitarists
People from Spijkenisse
Dutch heavy metal guitarists
Dutch male guitarists
Christopher Klute (born March 5, 1990) is an American soccer player who currently plays for California United Strikers FC in the National Independent Soccer Association.
Club
Atlanta Silverbacks
Klute played one season with both Furman University and Clayton State and spent time with the U.S. U-17s before moving to the Atlanta Silverbacks Reserves in 2011. Interim coach Alex Pineda Chacón called him up to the Silverbacks first team in June 2012.
Colorado Rapids
New head coach Brian Haynes loaned him to Colorado Rapids for the 2013 Major League Soccer season. Colorado purchased him outright in July 2013.
Columbus Crew SC
In January 2015 Klute was traded by Colorado to Columbus Crew SC.
Portland Timbers
Klute was traded by Columbus to Portland Timbers in exchange for allocation money on December 11, 2015.
Minnesota United
Klute was loaned to Minnesota United FC on September 7, 2016.
California United FC II
Klute joined California United in February 2017 and was a key member of the team which captured both the 2017 Spring & Fall Season United Premier Soccer League National Championships.
California United Strikers FC
In August 2019, Klute was signed to the Strikers professional side, California United Strikers FC, in the National Independent Soccer Association ahead of its first season. He appeared in all seven of the team's fall regular season games and in the West Coast Championship in November, which the team won over Los Angeles Force in a penalty kick shootout.
International
He was called up to the United States national team for a January 2014 camp, although he never made an appearance.
References
External links
Chris Klute at Clayton State
Chris Klute at SoccerStats
Chris Klute at Soccerway
1990 births
Living people
American soccer players
Furman Paladins men's soccer players
Atlanta Silverbacks players
Colorado Rapids players
Columbus Crew players
Portland Timbers players
Portland Timbers 2 players
North American Soccer League players
Major League Soccer players
USL Championship players
Clayton State Lakers men's soccer players
Soccer players from Texas
United States men's youth international soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
Association football defenders
People from Grand Prairie, Texas
Sportspeople from the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
United Premier Soccer League players
National Premier Soccer League players
National Independent Soccer Association players
Minnesota United FC (2010–2016) players
The black-breasted barbet (Lybius rolleti) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.
It is found in the Central African Republic, Chad, Sudan, South Sudan, and the extreme northeast of Democratic Republic of Congo and northern Uganda.
It occurs in woodlands of the eastern Sahel, between 200m and 1200m altitude (and as high as 2134m in western Sudan).
Taxonomy
This species is monotypic.
Distribution and habitat
The black-breasted barbet's range is largely in South Sudan. It is however known from Zakouma National Park, where birders do go to search for it.
Behaviour and ecology
This frugivorous barbet is known to frequent fig trees in Zakouma National Park in the dry season. As these riverine areas flood heavily in the wet season, their movements are unknown but they are not presumed to be migratory.
References
black-breasted barbet
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
black-breasted barbet
black-breasted barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The Depot River () is a tributary of the Big Black River (Saint John River), flowing in the townships T12 R17 Wels, T13 R16 Wels and T14 R15 Wels, in the Aroostook County in North Maine Woods in Maine, in the United States.
Its course runs entirely through forested region in an isolated mountain valley.
The watershed of the Depot River is accessible by some forest roads of Maine.
Geography
The source of the Depot River begins at the mouth of Little Lake Presley () (length: ; altitude: ), in townships T12 R17 WELS, in North Maine Woods, in Maine. This lake is located in a small valley between two mountains (the one on west reached above sea level and that on the east reached ).
This source is located at:
southeast of the border between Quebec and Maine;
southwest of Mount Depot (Depot Mountain);
Ssuthwest of the confluence of the Depot River;
east of the Frontier Lake (Quebec-Maine) in Quebec.
From the mouth of Little Lake Presley, the Depot River flows over as follows:
Upper courses of Depot River (segment of )
to the northeast in the Maine, up to the southwest bank of Mud Pond;
to the northeast, crossing the Mud Pond (altitude: ) over its full length to the mouth;
to the northeast by cutting a forest road and across a marsh area in the second half of the segment, up to the confluence of a stream (from the southwest) ;
to the north through a narrow marsh area up to a stream (from the northwest which drains a large marsh area, with dozens of small lakes);
eastward up to the discharge (from the south) of a series of lakes;
to the northeast up to the west shore of Lake Depot (length: ; height: );
northwards crossing the Lake Depot to the mouth.
Note: Lake Depot gets its water from the top of the Depot River and a stream (from the south) which is the discharge of a series of lakes and Mary L Pond.
Lower courses of Depot River (segment of )
to the northwest up to Glazier Brook;
(or direct line) to the northeast, winding up Brown Brook (from the northwest or the Quebec where it is designated Brown River);
(or direct line) to the north, winding end segment until Dead Brook (from the northwest);
to the northeast, up to a stream (from the northwest or the Quebec);
to the east, skirting the northern Mont Depot (altitude: ) up to Cunliffe Stream (from the south);
to the southeast, up to a stream (from the south);
to the northeast, up to a bridge of a forest road;
north, up to a stream (from the west);
to the southeast, winding end segment, up to the confluence of the river.
This confluence is located:
at the southeast of the Canada-US border;
at the southwest of the confluence of the Big Black River (Saint John River).
The Depot River pours on the south bank of the Big Black River (Saint John River) () in the township T14 R15 Wels, in the Aroostook County. The latter flows northeast zigzagging up to a river bend of Saint John River where it pours on the west bank. The latest flows to the east, then southeast through all the New Brunswick and pours on the north bank of the Bay of Fundy which opens to the southwest on the Atlantic Ocean.
Toponymy
The term "Depot" is associated with the Depot River in Lake Depot and Mont Depot.
See also
Aroostook County, a county Maine
Brown River, a stream
Big Black River (Saint John River), a stream
Saint John River (Bay of Fundy), a stream
North Maine Woods, a geographical region of Maine
List of rivers of Maine
References
Bibliography
External links
Maine Streamflow USGS data
Maine Watershed data from the Environmental Protection Agency
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Tributaries of the Saint John River (Bay of Fundy)
Rivers of Aroostook County, Maine
North Maine Woods
International rivers of North America
Verkhneivanayevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Kuntugushevsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 296 as of 2010. There are 5 streets.
Geography
Verkhneivanayevo is located 10 km southeast of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nizhneivanayevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
Punta Maisí Lighthouse is a Cuban lighthouse located in Maisí, a municipality of Guantánamo Province. It lies in Cape Maisí, the easternmost point of Cuba.
See also
List of lighthouses in Cuba
Cabo San Antonio Lighthouse, the westernmost in Cuba
References
Lighthouses in Cuba
Buildings and structures in Guantánamo Province
Lighthouses completed in 1862
Punatherium is an extinct genus of xenarthran, belonging to the family Dasypodidae. It lived from the Middle to the Late Eocene, and its fossilized remains were discovered in South America.
Description
This animal, probably quite similar to modern armadillos, is only known from a few osteoderms. It was probably a medium sized armadillo, comparable to the big hairy armadillo in size. It is characterized by a pelvic region equipped with a rigid shield of osteoderms fused together, themselves endowed of a main figure anteriorly circumscribed by three large foramina. Other large foramina were present, located in the lateral and posterior margins. They formed four peripheral figures, all anteriorly disposed. The contact margins between the osteoderms had several low and blunt protuberances. The semi-mobile osteoderms, probably situated in the back and flanks, show a lageniform main figure, surrounded by six large perforations, except in the posterior area.
Classification
Punatherium catamarcensis was first described in 2016, based on fossil remains found in Middle-Late Eocene terrains from the Catamarca Province of Argentina. Punatherium was a member of the family Dasypodidae, which includes the modern nine-banded armadillo.
Bibliography
Ciancio, M.R., Herrera, C., Aramayo, A., Payrola, P., and Babot, J. 2016. Diversity of cingulate xenarthrans in the middle–late Eocene of Northwestern Argentina. Acta Palaeontologica Polonica 61 (3): 575–590.
Prehistoric cingulates
Prehistoric placental genera
Eocene xenarthrans
Eocene genus first appearances
Eocene mammals of South America
Eocene genus extinctions
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossil taxa described in 2016
The Cage is the first album by guitarist Dario Mollo and former Black Sabbath vocalist Tony Martin.
Track listing
Personnel
Band Members
Tony Martin – vocals
Dario Mollo – lead guitar
Fulvio Gaslini – bass
Ezio Secomandi – drums
Don Airey – keyboards
Elio Maugeri – backing vocals
Production
Kit Woolven – production
Dario Mollo – production, cover art
References
Tony Martin (British singer) albums
Dario Mollo albums
1998 debut albums
Collaborative albums
Julie Brendengen Jensen (born 15 March 1990) is a Norwegian freestyle skier. She represented Norway at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, where she placed 8th in the Women's ski cross.
References
External links
1990 births
Sportspeople from Bærum
Norwegian female freestyle skiers
Olympic freestyle skiers of Norway
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Living people
The 2014–15 Milwaukee Panthers men's basketball team represented the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Panthers, led by tenth year head coach Rob Jeter, played their home games at the UW–Milwaukee Panther Arena and the Klotsche Center and were members of the Horizon League. They finished the season 14–16, 9–7 in Horizon League play to finish in fifth place.
Due to Academic Progress Rate penalties, Milwaukee were ineligible for a postseason tournament including the 2015 Horizon League men's basketball tournament.
Roster
Schedule
All conference games aired on the Horizon League website
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#000000; color:#FDBB30;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#000000; color:#FDBB30;"| Regular season
|-
References
Milwaukee
Milwaukee Panthers men's basketball seasons
Henry Austin Martin (23 July 1824 – 7 December 1884) was an English-born American physician known for introducing the method of production and use of smallpox vaccine lymph from calves.
Early life and education
Birth
Martin was born on 23 July 1824 in London, England. His father was Henry James Martin, Esq. M. R. C. S.
Martin married Francis Coffin Crosby (born 16 Nov 1825). They had the following children:
Henry Maclean (15 May 1849); 19th in descent from Edward III through maternal lineage, verified member of the Sons of the American Revolution (maternal great-great-grandfather Josiah Crosby served under Colonel James Reed as a Captain in the 3rd New Hampshire Regiment)
Stephen Crosby, MD (17 September 1850)
Austin Agnew, AB, LLB (3 November 1851)
Frances Moody (3 April 1855; 17 Mar 1857)
Francis Coffin, AB, MD (22 Mar 1858)
Education
Martin graduated from Harvard Medical School with an MD in 1845. He received an honorary A.M. from Dartmouth.
Death
The family is buried in Lowell Cemetery in Lowell, Massachusetts.
Career
Martin was a staff surgeon with the U. S. Vols and a Brevet Lieutenant Colonel "for gallant and meritorious services" in a wartime campaign.
He is also the namesake of Martin's Bandage, as well as Martin cartilage clamp, Martin incision, Martin vigorimeter, and Martin's Disease (periosteoarthritis of the foot from excessive walking).
Martin is best known for standardizing a method of vaccine production from calves which had been used for at least a century, the technique of which was utilized by Aventis-Pasteur. The vaccine was thought to have saved Boston from a potentially catastrophic 1873 epidemic, but he was widely criticized by medical peers and the general public. Human lymph later became illegal in the United States since it no longer provided adequate immunity, and apparently played a role in the 1905 supreme court case JACOBSON v. MASSACHUSETTS regarding compulsory vaccination.
Vaccinia virus, a member of the poxvirus family, affected rodents and is believed to have become extinct in the late 1800s. It is a critical component of the modern smallpox vaccine. Survival of the vaccinia is credited to Martin, sons Francis and Stephen, and Martin's lineage of pupils who preserved the virus in a laboratory setting.
Later in his career, Martin was an advocate for bovine vaccines which were thought to preserve potency and mitigate risk of syphilis transmission. He worked against anti-vaccination activists, and exposed fraudulent manufacturers whose vaccines were both unsafe and ineffective.
Awards and honors
American Medical Association Vaccine Committee chair
Martin's vaccine contribution will be commemorated by a historical marker at 27 Dudley Street, in the Roxbury section of Boston, where Martin lived and produced smallpox vaccine in a barn behind his house.
Publications
Scientific American, "The Cultivation of Vaccine Virus", 20 November 1880, p. 325
Letters of Henry A. Martin
AMA vs. Henry Martin
A Few Words on "unfortunate Results of Vaccination"
Hahnemann and Paracelsus. On Some Ancient Medical Delusions, and Their Connection with Errors Still Existing: An Address Delivered Before the Norfolk District Medical Society, November 11, 1857
References
1824 births
1884 deaths
19th-century English medical doctors
Harvard Medical School alumni
The Baltimore Orioles farm system consists of seven Minor League Baseball affiliates in the United States and the Dominican Republic. Four teams are independently owned, while the other three—the Florida Complex League Orioles and two Dominican Summer League Orioles squads—are owned by the major league club.
The Orioles have been affiliated with the Double-A Bowie Baysox of the Eastern League since 1993, making it the longest-running active affiliation in the organization among teams not owned by the Orioles. Their newest affiliate is the Norfolk Tides of the International League, which became the Orioles' Triple-A club in 2007. The longest affiliation in team history was the 53-year relationship with the Rookie Appalachian League's Bluefield Orioles from 1958 to 2010.
The Orioles have the shortest cumulative distance between its four full-season minor league affiliates in baseball at . The top four affiliates are located within a radius from Baltimore, with three of them situated in Maryland. Geographically, Baltimore's closest domestic affiliate is the Baysox of the Double-A Northeast, which is approximately away. Baltimore's furthest domestic affiliate is the Florida Complex League Orioles of the Rookie Florida Complex League some away.
Baltimore Orioles
2021–present
The current structure of Minor League Baseball is the result of an overall contraction of the system beginning with the 2021 season. Class A was reduced to two levels: High-A and Low-A. Class A Short Season teams and domestic Rookie League teams that operated away from Spring Training facilities were eliminated. Low-A was reclassified as Single-A in 2022.
1990–2020
Minor League Baseball operated with six classes from 1990 to 2020. The Class A level was subdivided for a second time with the creation of Class A-Advanced. The Rookie level consisted of domestic and foreign circuits.
1963–1989
The foundation of the minors' current structure was the result of a reorganization initiated by Major League Baseball (MLB) before the 1963 season. The reduction from six classes to four (Triple-A, Double-AA, Class A and Rookie) was a response to the general decline of the minors throughout the 1950s and early-1960s when leagues and teams folded due to shrinking attendance caused by baseball fans' preference for staying at home to watch MLB games on television. The only change made within the next 27 years was Class A being subdivided for the first time to form Class A Short Season in 1966.
(The Orioles were involved in minor league affiliate co-op agreements twice—the Pulaski Phillies with various other MLB clubs in 1976 and the Daytona Beach Islanders with the Texas Rangers in 1985.)
1954–1962
The minors operated with six levels (Triple-A, Double-A and Classes A, B, C and D) from 1946 to 1962. The Pacific Coast League (PCL) was reclassified from Triple-A to Open in 1952 due to the possibility of becoming a third major league. This arrangement ended following the 1957 season when the relocation of the National League's Dodgers and Giants to the West Coast killed any chance of the PCL being promoted. The 1963 reorganization resulted in the Eastern and South Atlantic Leagues being elevated from Class A to Double-A, five of seven Class D circuits plus the ones in B and C upgraded to A, and the Appalachian League reclassified from D to Rookie.
St. Louis Browns
References
External links
Major League Baseball Prospect News: Baltimore Orioles
Baseball-Reference: Baltimore Orioles League Affiliations
Minor league affiliates
Baltimore Orioles minor league affiliates
Dallia is a genus of mudminnows native to Russia and Alaska. Molecular data indicates the genus is more closely related to Esox and Novumbra than Umbra. Dallia diverged from Novumbra + Esox approximately 66 million years ago.
Species
Three species in this genus are recognized:
Dallia admirabilis Chereshnev, 1980 (Amguema blackfish)
Dallia delicatissima Smitt, 1881 (Pilkhykay blackfish)
Dallia pectoralis T. H. Bean, 1880 (Alaska blackfish)
Mitochondrial sequence data was examined from D. pectoralis and D. admirabilis and did not indicate that speciation within the genus in Russia; however, genetic isolation within Alaska for populations of D. pectoralis could be high and associated with karyotype differences.
References
Umbridae
Ray-finned fish genera
Taxa named by Tarleton Hoffman Bean
Al AbdulKarim Tower (Arabic: برج العبدالكريم) is a skyscraper in Khobar, Saudi Arabia.
Skyscrapers in Saudi Arabia
The John Bates Clark Medal is awarded by the American Economic Association to "that American economist under the age of forty who is adjudged to have made a significant contribution to economic thought and knowledge."
According to The Chronicle of Higher Education, it "is widely regarded as one of the field's most prestigious awards... second only to the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences." Many of the recipients went on to receive the Nobel Prizes in their later careers, including the inaugural recipient Paul Samuelson. The award was made biennially until 2007, but from 2009 is now awarded every year because of the growth of the field. The award is named after the American economist John Bates Clark (1847–1938). Although the Clark medal is billed as a prize for American economists, it is sufficient that the candidates work in the US at the time of the award; US nationality is not necessary to be considered.
Past recipients
See also
List of economics awards
Yrjö Jahnsson Foundation
Nakahara Prize
Gossen Prize
Fields Medal
Bernácer Prize
Elaine Bennett Research Prize
Prix du meilleur jeune économiste de France
References
External links
John Bates Clark Medal at American Economic Association website
American Economic Association
Awards with age limits
Economics awards
Kathrine Baumann is an American actress, model, and couture handbag designer. She established Kathrine Baumann Beverly Hills (KBBH), a haute-couture accessorie and handbag collection. Several of her creations have been purchased by celebrities and have been carried to red-carpet events.
Baumann creates accessories in the American pop art style. She includes cartoon characters and well-known product logos in her fashion designs. She designed a Titanic-shaped minaudiere, which was carried to events surrounding the release of the 1997 feature film.
Baumann created several seasons of her Americana Collection and characters such as Betty Boop, Mickey and Minnie Mouse, Miss Piggy, Barbie and Ms. Green M&M were made into crystal-encrusted minaudieres.
Early life and education
Baumann grew up in Independence, Ohio. She was a cheerleader in high school, and in 1966 was named Miss Independence. Kathrine is a 1971 graduate of Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green, Ohio.
Career
Kathy Lynn Baumann became Miss Ohio 1969. At the 1970 "Miss America Pageant" (held in September, 1969) Baumann became first runner-up to Miss America winning both talent and swimsuit awards. Her talent presentation consisted of a space travel gymnastic routine to "Those Were the Days." (The moon landing was still fresh in everyone's minds, having occurred only a few months prior to the pageant.) She later traveled to Vietnam as part of USO with Bob Hope to entertain the troops.
Baumann became an actress, and guest-starred on a variety of television shows, including season 2 M*A*S*H as Nancy Sue Parker in the 1974 episode entitled 'Henry In Love', The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, Knight Rider, Simon and Simon, The Fall Guy, Banacek, Fantasy Island, Trapper John M.D., CHiPs, The Dukes of Hazzard, Vegas and several movies of the week. Her film credentials include a co-starring role with Richard Harris and Chuck Connors in 99 and 44/100% Dead (1974), and roles in Chrome and Hot Leather (1971), The Thing with Two Heads (1972) and Sunburst (1975).
Baumann appeared on TV Guide Channel and E! Entertainment's live 2003 Countdown from the Red Carpet Academy Awards pre-show. Other notable television appearances include a segment on NBC's EXTRA, ABC's Inside Edition, and appearances on Fox's Good Day Los Angeles, KTLA Channel 5's Morning News, CNN's Larry King Live and Business Unusual. Baumann also made regular television appearances at local stations as a featured guest when she was traveling for trunk shows to display her collection.
Modeling
Kathrine's modeling work has been featured in publications such as Time, People, US Weekly, Vogue, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, Town & Country, Allure, Nylon, Las Vegas Magazine, LA Confidential, Gotham, Elle, WWD, and W, and she has appeared on CBS' Day & Date, ABC's Caryl & Marilyn, The Home & Family Show, Variety, V Life, The Los Angeles Times, Los Angeles Magazine, and Orange County. She was regularly featured in Accessories Magazine. Trade publications such as JCK, Luxury, Professional Jeweler and Modern Jeweler covered Baumann's work regularly from season to season.
She has also served as the national spokeswoman for Schlitz, Rubbermaid, the Family Fitness Centers, and Chrysler. She was featured on several posters along with Farrah Fawcett.
Kathrine Baumann Beverly Hills
In 1988, Baumann founded K. Baumann Design in Beverly Hills, California (now known as Kathrine Baumann Beverly Hills), where she designs luxury evening bags (minaudieres) and other women's accessories. The handbags were made in California and Italy.
In 2001 Baumann sued a group of entrepreneurs in Manhattan who were selling unauthorized copies of her designer handbags.
Her work was included in a fashion exhibit at Stephens College.
References
External links
Official website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Actresses from Ohio
Female models from Ohio
American fashion designers
People from Independence, Ohio
Bowling Green State University alumni
American women fashion designers
21st-century American women
Diphlebia coerulescens, known as the sapphire rockmaster, is an Australian species of broad winged damselfly.
It is one of a group known as the azure damselflies. It is found in Queensland and north-eastern New South Wales in eastern Australia, where it is found in fast-flowing streams and rivers.
English-born entomologist, Robin Tillyard described the sapphire rockmaster as a subspecies of the tropical rockmaster, Diphlebia euphaeoides in 1913, before reassessing it as a separate species on the basis of the distinct shape of the male anal appendage, as well as differences in size and colour of the adults.
The male sapphire rockmaster has a mostly bright blue and black body with dark wings. It can be distinguished from the tropical rockmaster by the larger size of two prominent blue markings at the base (front end) and underside of terga 4 to 6. Its upperside abdomen of its otherwise black abdomen often has blue markings to the front ends of the terga. The wings are narrower than the tropical rockmaster, but wider than the other members of the genus, and are a smoky brown rather than black. The legs are mostly brownish black, but have some blue on the upper mid and hind femurs. The female sapphire rockmaster is predominantly brown and olive-green, and also has smoky-coloured wings. Its legs are dark brown with light brown upper segments of mid and hind femurs. The upperside of its abdomen is a dark olive-green, with a darker dorsal line prominently running down the midline, which widens into a roughly triangular pattern at the rear end of each segment (tergum).
Gallery
References
Lestoideidae
Odonata of Australia
Insects of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Taxa named by Robert John Tillyard
Insects described in 1913
Damselflies
Eugene Kelly (born 9 August 1965) is a Scottish musician who is a member of the group The Vaselines, a founding member of the now disbanded Eugenius and has had a number of solo releases.
Eugene Kelly formed The Vaselines in Glasgow, Scotland in 1986 with Frances McKee and was a member until 1989 when the band disbanded the week their first and only full-length album, Dum-Dum, was released. Kurt Cobain of Nirvana was a big fan of the band, covering three of their songs. Molly's Lips and Son Of A Gun were included on their album, Incesticide. Nirvana also covered The Vaselines song Jesus Doesn't Want Me for a Sunbeam on their album, MTV Unplugged in New York.
In 1990, Kelly formed Captain America but was forced to change the name after Marvel Comics, who owned the trademark of the superhero name, threatened them with legal action. The band then became known as Eugenius. He has had a number of collaborations with Evan Dando of The Lemonheads and in 2003 Eugene released a solo album, Man Alive. In 1990 Kelly was reunited with McKee as the Vaselines to support Nirvana in a one-off gig at Edinburgh.
In 2006, he toured with Isobel Campbell, replacing Mark Lanegan when performing songs from Ballad of the Broken Seas and supporting Mogwai and The Lemonheads in Europe.
In the summer of 2006, Eugene Kelly and Frances McKee took to the stage to perform a set of The Vaselines songs, as part of a joint tour to promote their individual solo albums. This led to The Vaselines reforming (minus the old rhythm section) on 24 April 2008 for a charity show for the Malawi Orphan Support group at Glasgow's MONO venue.
Since 2008, The Vaselines have continued to perform around the world, with members of Belle & Sebastian supporting their live set. On 5 May 2009, Sub Pop released Enter the Vaselines. A deluxe-edition reissue of the 1992 Sub Pop release, it includes remastered versions of the band's two EPs, album, as well as demos and live recordings from 1986 and 1988.
Kelly features prominently in the 2017 documentary Teenage Superstars, which covers the formation of The Vaselines, their influence on Nirvana and Eugenius.
Releases
with The Pastels
Comin' Through EP (1987 Glass House Records)
Comin' Through / Sit On It Mother single (1987 Glass Records, Ltd.)
Sittin' Pretty (1989 Homestead)
The Vaselines
Son of a Gun EP (1987 53rd & 3rd)
Dying for It EP (1988 53rd & 3rd)
Dum-Dum (1989 Rough Trade)
The Vaselines / Beat Happening (1991 K Records - recorded live in London June 16, 1988)
The Way of the Vaselines: A Complete History (1992 Sub Pop)
All the Stuff and More... (1992 Avalanche)
Enter the Vaselines (2009 Sub Pop)
Sex with an X (2010 Sub Pop)
V for Vaselines (2014 Rosary Music)
with the BMX Bandits
Star Wars (1991 Vinyl Japan)
Captain America
Wow! / Bed-In / Wannabee / God Bless Les Paul EP (1991 Paperhouse Records)
Flame On EP (1992 Paperhouse Records)
Eugenius
Oomalama (1992 Fire/Atlantic)
It Ain't Rocket Science, It's Eugenius (1992 Fire Records)
Easter Bunny EP (1993 Creation Records)
Caesar's Vein EP (1993 Creation Records)
Mary Queen of Scots (1994 Creation Records)
Womb Boy Returns EP (1996 Human Condition Records)
Oomalama/Tireless Wireless re-issue (2003 Fire Records)
The Famous Monsters
In The Summertime EP (1995 Fire Records)
with Future Pilot A.K.A.
Tiny Waves, Mighty Sea (2001 Geographic) (lead vocals on "Beat of a Drum")
Godstar
Glasgow EP (Rugger Bugger Discs)
Astro Chimp
Draggin' / She's My Summer Girl single (1996 Shoeshine Records)
The Reindeer Section
Son of Evil Reindeer (2002 Bright Star Recordings)
Solo
Man Alive (2003 Sympathy)
Older Faster EP (2003 Geographic)
References
Living people
Scottish pop musicians
The Vaselines members
Place of birth missing (living people)
1965 births
20th-century Scottish male singers
Scottish singer-songwriters
21st-century Scottish male singers
British male singer-songwriters
Dr. Denis Alexander has spent 40 years in the biomedical research community. He is an Emeritus Fellow of St. Edmund's College, Cambridge and an Emeritus Director of the Faraday Institute for Science and Religion, Cambridge which he co-founded with Bob White in 2006.
Scientific work
Alexander was an Open Scholar at St Peter's College, Oxford, where he studied Biochemistry under the late Arthur Peacocke. He studied for a PhD in Neurochemistry at the Institute of Psychiatry, where he analysed the molecular structure of the sodium-potassium pump.
He spent 15 years in various university departments and laboratories outside the United Kingdom (1971-1986), including a post at Hacettepe University (1972-1974) and the Middle East Technical University (1974-1980) in Ankara, Turkey, where he set up a neurochemistry laboratory in the newly formed Biological Sciences Department. From 1981-1986 he held the post of Associate Professor of Biochemistry at the American University of Beirut Medical Centre, Lebanon, where he helped to establish the National Unit of Human Genetics. This entailed establishing a new research laboratory in medical genetics and the first prenatal diagnostic clinic in the Arab World. Discoveries during this era included a novel mutation which affected lysosomal enzyme processing and the identification and characterisation of several rare genetic diseases. At a symposium at the American University of Beirut Medical Center on ‘Genetic Diseases in Lebanon' held in April 1985, Alexander reported that “over 50 highly specialised tests are performed in the unit's laboratories, making them the leading laboratories in the whole Arab World”. Alexander and his family were evacuated three times from West Beirut, the first time following the Israeli invasion of the Lebanon in June 1982, the second time following intensive fighting that broke out amongst armed factions in March 1984, and the third and final time following Reagan's bombing of Libya in April 1986 which led to retaliation against the few westerners still residing in West Beirut. The Alexander family left West Beirut the same week that John McCarthy and Brian Keenan were kidnapped.
Upon return to the UK Alexander switched research fields and obtained a post at the Imperial Cancer Research Laboratories in London (now Cancer Research UK) (1986-1989) where he developed a new research programme on protein phosphatases in T cells. Following this Alexander became Project Leader at The Babraham Institute, Cambridge (1989-2008) where he subsequently headed the Molecular Immunology Programme and established the Laboratory of Lymphocyte Signalling and Development. Research focused on the role of Protein tyrosine phosphatases in lymphocyte signalling, development, activation and oncology. This led to a series of publications on CD45 (also known as PTPRC), on SHP-2 (also known as PTPN11), on the use of therapeutic monoclonal antibodies, and on the discovery of a novel signaling pathway utilizing intracellular alkalinisation following DNA damage implicated in the development of cancer.
During his time at The Babraham Institute, Alexander served on the Babraham Executive Committee from 1997-2006 and was elected a Fellow of St Edmund's College, Cambridge, in 1997.
Science and religion
Alexander has written on the subject of science and religion since at least 1972, when his book 'Beyond Science', written at the age of 25/26, was reviewed by Hugh Montefiore, then Bishop of Kingston upon Thames in the New Scientist.
In the late 1980s he became a member of the National Committee of Christians in Science [www.cis.org.uk] and served on the Committee until 2013. In 1992 he became editor of the journal Science and Christian Belief, a post he held until 2013. Alexander served on the Executive Committee of the International Society for Science and Religion and is a member of the Cambridge Papers Writing Group for which he writes papers related to science and religion.
In January 2006 Alexander became the founding Director of The Faraday Institute for Science and Religion which was originally founded as part of St Edmund's College, Cambridge, and launched with a grant from the John Templeton Foundation. Alexander co-founded the Institute with Bob White. The Institute carries out research on science and religion, runs courses, and engages in academic dissemination on the topic through seminars, lectures, panel discussions and in schools. In October 2012 Alexander became Emeritus Director and is now Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Institute. In December 2012 Alexander gave the Gifford Lectures at St. Andrews University on the theme "Genes, Determinism and God". Alexander writes and lectures widely on science and religion. His book "Rebuilding the Matrix – Science and Faith in the 21st Century" was published in 2002. Alexander is well-known for his critique of creationism and of "intelligent design".
Alexander engages in the public understanding of science and religion. This includes articles published on web-sites such as Nature, The Guardian and The Huffington Post. TV programmes such as David Malone's "Testing God" documentary for Channel 4, Rod Liddle's Channel 4 programme The Trouble with Atheism and a series of interviews for the US "Closer to Truth" TV series, together with numerous radio discussions and interviews, such as his interview with Joan Bakewell in her BBC series "Belief", on Australian national radio, and radio debates with Stephen Law and P.Z.Myers. In 2018 Alexander spoke in favour of the motion "This House Believes that Science Alone Can Never Answer our Biggest Questions" at an Oxford Union debate.
Selected Scientific Publications
Ogilvy, S., Louis-Dit-Sully, C., Cassady, R.L., Alexander, D.R. and Holmes, N. (2003) J.Immunol. 171:1792-1800. 'Either of the CD45RB and CD45R0 isoforms are effective in restoring T cell, but not B cell, development and function in CD45-null mice'.
Turner S.D., Tooze R., Maclennan K, and Alexander D.R. (2003) Oncogene 22: 7750-61 'Vav-promoter regulated oncogenic fusion protein NPM-ALK in transgenic mice causes B-cell lymphomas with hyperactive Jun Kinase'.
Zhao, R., Yang, F.-T., and Alexander, D.R. (2004). Cancer Cell, 5: 37-49. 'An oncogenic tyrosine kinase inhibits DNA repair and DNA damage-induced Bcl-xL deamidation in T cell transformation'.
Alexander, D.R. (2004) Cell Cycle 3: 584-7 'Oncogenic tyrosine kinases, DNA repair and survival'.
Alexander, D.R. (2005) 'Biological validation of the CD45 tyrosine phosphatase as a pharmaceutical target” in L.A.Pinna and P.W.Cohen (eds) 'Handbook of Experimental Pharmacology', Springer.
Turner, S.D. and Alexander, D.R. (2005) Leukaemia 7: 1128-1134. 'What have we learnt from mouse models of NPM-ALK induced lymphomagenesis?'
Elliott, J.I., Surprenant, A., Marelli-Berg, F.M., Cooper, J.C., Cassady-Cain, R.L., Wooding, C., Linton, K., Alexander, D.R. and Higgins, C.F. (2005). Nat. Cell. Biol. 7: 808-816. 'Membrane phosphatidylserine distribution as a non-apoptotic signaling mechanism in lymphocytes'.
Salmond, R.J., Huyer, G., Kotsoni, A., Clements, L. and Alexander, D.R. (2005) J. Immunol. 2005, 175: 6498-6508. 'The src Homology 2 Domain-Containing Tyrosine Phosphatase 2 Regulates Primary T-Dependent Immune Responses and Th Cell Differentiation'.
Turner S.D. and Alexander, D.R. (2006). Leukemia 20: 572-82. 'Fusion Tyrosine Kinase Mediated Signalling Pathways in the Transformation of Haematopoietic Cells'.
Zhao,, R., Oxley, D., Smith, T.S., Follows, G.A., Green, A.R. and Alexander, D.R. (2007) Plos Biology, doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.0050001. 'DNA Damage-induced Bcl-xL Deamidation is Mediated by NHE-1 Antiport Regulated Intracellular pH'.
McNeill, L. Salmond, R.J. Cooper, J.C., Carret, C.K., Cassady-Cain, R.L., Roche-Molina, M., Tandon, P., Holmes, N. and Alexander, D.R. (2007) Immunity 27: 425-437. 'The differential regulation by CD45 of Lck kinase phosphorylation sites is critical for TCR signalling thresholds'.
Rider, D.A., Havenith, C.E.G., de Ridder, R., Schuurman, J., Favre, C., Cooper, J.C., Walker, S., Baadsgaard, O., Marschner, S., van de Winkel, J.G.J., Cambier, J., Parren, P.W.H.I. and Alexander, D.R. (2007) Cancer Res. 67: 9945-9953. 'A human CD4 monoclonal antibody for the treatment of T cell lymphoma combines inhibition of T cell signaling by a dual mechanism with potent Fc-dependent effector activity'.
Zhao, R., Follows, G.A., Beer, P.A., Scott, L.M., Huntly, B.J.P, Green, A.R. and Alexander, D.R. (2008). New England J. Medicine, 359: 2778-2789. 'Inhibition of the Bcl-xL deamidation pathway in myeloproliferative disorders'.
Selected Scientific Publications
Beyond Science (1972), Oxford: Lion Publishing, .
Rebuilding the Matrix - Science and Faith in the 21st Century (2001), Lion Publishing, Oxford, UK, .
Beyond Belief: Science, Faith and Ethical Challenges with Bob White (2004), Lion Publishing, Oxford, UK, . Published in the USA as Science, Faith, and Ethics: Grid or Gridlock (2006), Denis Alexander & Robert S. White, Hendrickson, .
Can We Be Sure About Anything?: Science, Faith and Postmodernism (ed, 2005), Apollos, Nottingham, UK, .
Creation or Evolution: Do We Have to Choose? (2008), Monarch, Oxford, UK, . Second Edition 2014.
Rescuing Darwin - God and Evolution in Britain Today (2009), Theos Nick Spencer and Denis Alexander .
Biology and Ideology from Descartes to Dawkins (2010), University of Chicago Press, - Denis R. Alexander and Ronald L. Numbers (editors).
The Language of Genetics – an Introduction (2011), Templeton Foundation Press, .
Genes, Determinism and God (2017), Cambridge University Press. [The Gifford Lectures]. .
Is There Purpose in Biology? (2018) Oxford: Monarch Press. .
Are We Slaves to our Genes? (2020) Cambridge University Press. .
References
Closer to Truth videos by Denis Alexander
Gifford Lectures given December 2012
Does Evolution have any Religious Significance?
The Historical Background to the Science-Religion Debate
‘God and Darwin', panel discussion chaired by Denis Alexander
Lecture at Baylor University 2010: ‘"The Dawkins Delusion: Debunking the Conflict Between Science and Religion,"
Pascal Lectures, University of Waterloo, 2008/9: ‘Rescuing Darwin' and ‘Is Darwinism Incompatible With Purpose?'
Lecture given at AAAS, Washington, Dec 2012: ‘Are We Only Our Genes?'
Lecture given in Adelaide, Australia, 2011 ‘Creation or Evolution – Do We Have to Choose?'
Lecture given at Newcastle University, ‘Darwin, Ideology and God'
Gregory Lecture at St.Andrews University, 2008, ‘Has Science Made Religion Redundant?'
‘The Dawkins Delusion', Yale University, 2007
Lecture at National University of Malaysia
New College Lectures, University of New South Wales, 2018, ‘Genetics, God and the Future of Humanity'
Oral History, British Science, British Library. Life Story Interview.
Living people
British biochemists
British writers
Members of the International Society for Science and Religion
Fellows of St Edmund's College, Cambridge
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Alumni of King's College London
American University of Beirut faculty
British Christians
Writers about religion and science
English evangelicals
Evangelical Anglicans
Academic journal editors
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
1945 births
Critics of creationism
Theistic evolutionists
Alumni of St Peter's College, Oxford
Middle East Technical University faculty
The Georgia men's national basketball team () represents the country of Georgia in international basketball matches, and is controlled by the Georgian Basketball Federation. Georgia became a member of FIBA in 1992, after they gained independence from the Soviet Union. The national team played their first official match against Poland in 1995.
Georgia's accomplishments on the international stage have been clinching qualification to the European Basketball Championship five times. Their best result came at their debut trip to the tournament in 2011. While Georgia has qualified for the top European event, they have yet to achieve qualification to the top global tournament at the FIBA World Cup.
History
Soviet era
Until 1991, Georgia was a part of the Soviet Union, with players born in Georgia playing for the Soviet Union national team. Notable players born in Georgia who played for the Soviet Union and won medals at the Olympic Games, FIBA World Cup and EuroBasket include: Nodar Dzhordzhikiya, Otar Korkia, Guram Minashvili, Vladimer Ugrekhelidze, Levan Moseshvili, Zurab Sakandelidze, Mikheil Korkia and Nikolay Deryugin.
Independent Georgia
After gaining independence from the Soviet Union, on several occasions the Georgian national team unsuccessfully tried to qualify for the EuroBasket, Europe's biggest basketball competition and major tournament. Although the national team did play on the EuroBasket Division B level three times and gained promotion in 2009 after defeating Belarus in play-offs. However, after the expansion of the EuroBasket in 2011 from 16 to 24 teams, Georgia qualified to the competition for the first time.
EuroBasket 2011
The national team played five matches in Group D. They finished their preliminary group with an 2-3 record, with wins against Belgium and Ukraine, to advance. In their second round group phase, Georgia lost all five of their matches to finish their maiden voyage to the EuroBasket in 11th place.
EuroBasket 2013
After finishing second in qualifying group, Georgia qualified for its second EuroBasket tournament. After a comfortable 84–67 victory in the opening match over Poland, Georgia lost their four remaining matches and finished the tournament with an 1-4 record. To that point, the Eurobasket 2013 was the only tournament in which Georgia could not win more than one match.
EuroBasket 2015
Georgia qualified to the EuroBasket for the third successive time in 2015. After three consecutive losses to start the tournament, the national team finally earned their first win in group play against Macedonia 90–75. They followed it up with another victory to end the opening phase of the event against Croatia, 71–58 to move on to the knockout stages for the first time. There they suffered a narrow hard fought defeat to the tournament favourites, and eventual silver medalist Lithuania 81–85.
EuroBasket 2017
During the EuroBasket 2017 qualification Georgia topped its group after an 90–84 victory over Montenegro, and qualified to EuroBasket for the fourth successive time. Once the competition began, the national team got off to a quick start, avenging their EuroBasket 2015 knockout stage defeat to Lithuania 79-77. The rest of the group stage didn't go as well for the Georgian side though. As the team could only manage to pullout one more victory against Israel, before falling to Italy to finish the tournament with an 2-3 record and being eliminated.
EuroBasket 2022
Georgia will co-host the EuroBasket 2022, and they have automatically qualified for the 2022 finals tournament. This will make it the fifth successive time that Georgia has qualified for the event overall. Tbilisi will be one of the host cities, and will be used for Group A matches at the brand new Tbilisi Basketball Arena.
The Foundation
The core of the national team that has consistently qualified to Europe's biggest basketball competition consisted of captain Zaza Pachulia, Viktor Sanikidze, Manuchar Markoishvili, Tornike Shengelia, Giorgi Tsintsadze and Giorgi Shermadini. These pioneers in the Georgian basketball community have set the standard for future generations of the national team to build upon, and maintain.
Competitive record
FIBA World Cup
Olympic Games
EuroBasket
Recent results and forthcoming fixtures
2021
2022
2023
Team
Current roster
Roster for the EuroBasket 2022.
Depth chart
Head coach history
Past rosters
2011 EuroBasket: finished 11th among 24 teams
4 Giorgi Gamqrelidze, 5 Vladimir Boisa, 6 Anatoli Boisa, 7 Zaza Pachulia, 8 Giorgi Tsintsadze, 9 Giorgi Shermadini, 10 Lasha Parghalava, 11 Manuchar Markoishvili, 12 MarQuez Haynes, 13 Viktor Sanikidze, 14 Tornike Shengelia, 15 Nikoloz Tskitishvili (Coach: Igor Kokoškov)
2013 EuroBasket: finished 17th among 24 teams
4 Nika Metreveli, 5 Otar Pkhakadze, 6 Duda Sanadze, 7 Beka Burjanadze, 8 Giorgi Tsintsadze, 9 Giorgi Shermadini, 10 Ricky Hickman, 11 Manuchar Markoishvili, 12 Levan Patsatsia, 13 Viktor Sanikidze, 14 Besik Lezhava, 15 Nikoloz Tskitishvili (Coach: Igor Kokoškov)
2015 EuroBasket: finished 15th among 24 teams
0 Jacob Pullen, 4 Nika Metreveli, 7 Zaza Pachulia (C), 8 Giorgi Tsintsadze, 9 Giorgi Shermadini, 10 Duda Sanadze, 11 Manuchar Markoishvili, 12 Levan Patsatsia, 13 Viktor Sanikidze, 15 Beka Burjanadze, 23 Tornike Shengelia, 25 Besik Lezhava (Coach: Igor Kokoškov)
2017 EuroBasket: finished 17th among 24 teams
3 Michael Dixon, 4 Giorgi Gamqrelidze, 6 Anatoli Boisa, 7 Zaza Pachulia (C), 8 Giorgi Tsintsadze, 9 Giorgi Shermadini, 10 Duda Sanadze, 11 Manuchar Markoishvili, 17 Mikheil Berishvili, 23 Tornike Shengelia, 35 Goga Bitadze, 99 Ilia Londaridze (Coach: Ilias Zouros)
Head-to-head record
Record by opponents
Record against teams at the EuroBasket
Notable results
Kit
Manufacturer
2015–present: Spalding
Sponsor
2015: Natakhtari
2019: Georgian Railway
See also
Sport in Georgia
Georgia women's national basketball team
Georgia men's national under-20 basketball team
Georgia men's national under-18 basketball team
Georgia men's national under-16 basketball team
References
External links
FIBA profile
Georgian National Team – Men at Eurobasket.com
Georgia Basketball Records at FIBA Archive
Basketball teams in Georgia (country)
Men's national basketball teams
National sports teams of Georgia (country)
1992 establishments in Georgia (country)
Charles Kramer may refer to:
Charles Kramer (attorney) (1916–1988), American attorney
Charles Kramer (economist) (1907–1992), American economist, accused of being a spy for the Soviet Union
Charles Kramer (politician) (1879–1943), Representative from California
Charles Kramer (producer), American television producer
See also
Chas Kramer, a character in the film Constantine
Yandina () is a rural town and locality in the Sunshine Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. In the the locality of Yandina had a population of 2,371 people.
Geography
Yandina is in the Sunshine Coast hinterland. The Bruce Highway runs through the locality from south to north, passing just east of the town. Its name comes from the local Aboriginal words 'yan', meaning "to go", and 'dinna', meaning "on foot".
History
Aboriginal people have lived in the Yandina district for over 40,000 years. They belonged to the Gubbi Gubbi language group, which consisted of a number of tribes occupying traditional resource areas. Around Yandina, the Undandi tribal area was east of the present day railway line while the Nalbo area was west of the line. Legends, bora rings, pathways, grinding grooves, scarred trees and middens provide evidence of occupancy.
European settlement began in the 1850s and the town of Yandina was surveyed in 1870. It was the first town in the Maroochy district. Many of the original buildings and the heritage streetscape of Stevens Street have been preserved. The Anglican church, built initially as a community church and opened in 1880, is the oldest on the Sunshine Coast. It is part of the Anglican Diocese of Brisbane. The Yandina hotel dates back to 1889 and was relocated using rollers and a bullock team in 1891 when the railway came through town. In the same year, the post office was moved to the new railway station. Privately owned Koongalba homestead is on the National Heritage List and is one of several historic homes in town. Yandina was originally planned to be the centre of the shire but as the local sugar mill was built in Nambour, more and more people who worked there moved closer.
Yandina Baptist Church opened in 1921. The Baptist congregation had previously been using the Anglican church for their services. In January 1921 the Baptists purchased the former union church in Pomona to relocate it to Railway Street in Yandina. The opening ceremony was held on Wednesday 16 March 1921.
The early timber getters logged beech, cedar, bunya pine and flooded gum. The timber industry remained important until the 1970s when a shortage of timber forced the closure on the Yandina mill. The fertile land around Yandina has been used for beef and dairy cattle, fruit growing, sugar cane and ginger.
Yandina Presbyterian Church was officially opened on Saturday 30 November 1940.
Nambour & District Reds (or Nambour Reds) soccer club was established in 1974. In 1997 Nambour Reds merged with Yandina Eagles to create Nambour Yandina United.
The town was bypassed by the Bruce Highway in July 1997.
At the , Yandina had a population of 2,221.
In the the locality of Yandina had a population of 2,371 people.
Yandina Baptist Church celebrated its centenary in 2021.
Today, Yandina officially endures as the oldest continuously inhabited town on the Sunshine Coast.
Heritage listings
Yandina has a heritage-listed site:
12 Wharf Street (): Koongalba
Education
Yandina State School is a government primary (Prep-6) school for boys and girls at 48 School Road (). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 289 students with 26 teachers (21 full-time equivalent) and 15 non-teaching staff (10 full-time equivalent). It includes a special education program.
There is no secondary school in Yandina. The nearest government secondary school in Nambour State College in Nambour to the south.
Facilities
Maroochy River Fire Station is at 11 Branyandah Street ().
Yandina Ambulance Station is at 2 Machinery Road ().
There is a sewage treatment plant at 10 Focus Lane ().
Yandina Cemetery is at 33 Cordwell Road ().
Amenities
The Sunshine Coast Regional Council operates a mobile library service which visits Stevens Street.
The Yandina branch of the Queensland Country Women's Association meets at the Yandina Hall at 11 Stevens Street ().
Yandina RSL Hall is at 24 North Street ().
Wonga Park is a sportsground at 8 North Street (). It is the home ground of Nambour Yandina United, an association football club affiliated with Sunshine Coast Football.
Yandina has a number of churches including:
All Saints' Anglican Church at 3 Farrell Street ()
Yandina Baptist Church at 31 Low Street (corner of Railway Street, )
Yandina Seventh-Day Adventist Church at 23 North Street ()
Attractions
Yandina is the home to the Buderim Ginger Factory () and Nutworks ().
Yandina Historic House is a local history museum and visitor information centre at 3 Pioneer Road (). It is leased from the Sunshine Coast Council and operated by the Yandina & District Historical Society.
Transport
Yandina Station on the Nambour and Gympie North Line has passenger train services to Brisbane.
In popular culture
Peter Carey describes the Yandina of 1972 in his novel His Illegal Self.
See also
Coolum
Eumundi
Buderim
References
Further reading
External links
, Sunshine Coast Libraries
Towns in Queensland
Suburbs of the Sunshine Coast Region
Populated places established in 1870
1870 establishments in Australia
Localities in Queensland
Schinia honesta, or the black-spotted gem, is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species was first described by Augustus Radcliffe Grote in 1881. It is found in southern Canada and California. The wingspan is about 25–26 mm.
References
Schinia
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1881
Taxa named by Augustus Radcliffe Grote
Muenster High School is a 2A public high school located in Muenster, Texas (USA). It is part of the Muenster Independent School District located in western Cooke County. In 2011, the school was rated "Exemplary" by the Texas Education Agency.
A recent bond election in 2011 provided funds necessary to upgrade high school facilities including a new library, band hall, practice gym and agriculture shop. The upgrades will replace aging facilities.
Athletics
The Muenster Hornets compete in the following sports:
Baseball
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Powerlifting
Softball
Tennis
Track and Field
Baseball
State titles
Basketball - 2019(2A)
Baseball - 2019(2A)
Football - 2019 (2A/DII)
References
External links
Muenster ISD
High schools in Cooke County, Texas
Public high schools in Texas
Public middle schools in Texas
Çobanisa is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Technetium (99mTc) exametazime}}
Technetium (99mTc) exametazime is a radiopharmaceutical sold under the trade name Ceretec, and is used by nuclear medicine physicians for the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion in stroke and other cerebrovascular diseases. It can also be used for the labelling of leukocytes to localise intra-abdominal infections and inflammatory bowel disease. Exametazime (the part without technetium) is sometimes referred to as hexamethylpropylene amine oxime or HMPAO, although correct chemical names are:
(NE)-N-[(3R)-3-[[3-[[(2R,3E)-3-hydroxyiminobutan-2-yl]amino]-2,2-dimethylpropyl]amino]butan-2-ylidene]hydroxylamine
or 3,3'-((2,2,-dimethyl-1,3-propanediyl)diimino)bis-2-butanone dioxime.
Chemistry
The drug consists of exametazime as a chelating agent for the radioisotope technetium-99m. Both enantiomeric forms of exametazime are used—the drug is racemic. The third stereoisomer of this structure, the meso form, is not included.
References
External links
European Association of Nuclear Medicine: Ceretec
GE Healthcare: Ceretec
Exametazime ligand:
Radiopharmaceuticals
Ketoximes
Technetium-99m
Amines
Racemic mixtures
The Katonah Museum of Art is a non-collecting institution geared towards visual arts, located in Katonah, New York. It does not have a permanent collection, but holds temporary exhibitions.
The museum was founded in 1953, in one room at the local library. In 1990 it moved to a separate building, designed by Edward Larrabee Barnes. The cost of the new building was $5.3 million.
In 1993 The New York Times said that the museum had 50,000 visitors a year.
The museum uses the services of volunteers.
Directors
At the time of moving to the new building in 1990, George G. King was the director of the museum. He was succeeded by Susan H. Edwards in 1998. In 2022, Michael Gitlitz was reported to have been the museum's Executive Director until 2021. Leslie Griesbach Schultz was Interim Executive Director from 2021 to 2022. Michelle Yun Mapplethorpe was appointed as Executive Director in 2022.
References
External links
Museum's website
Art galleries established in 1953
Art museums and galleries in New York (state)
Museums in Westchester County, New York
Contemporary art galleries in the United States
1953 establishments in New York (state)
Oranga is a small residential suburb in Auckland, New Zealand. It is located nine kilometres to the southeast of the city centre, between the commercial suburbs of Te Papapa and Penrose to the south and east, and the residential suburbs of One Tree Hill and Onehunga to the north and south.
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "place of rising ground" for .
It used to be a state housing neighbourhood for low-income families, but it is rapidly gentrifying. Private investors have bought many of the state houses for renovation, and to subdivide their generous sections. Real estate agents increasingly advertise these houses as belonging to the wealthier suburb of One Tree Hill.
Local facilities include Oranga Kindergarten (neighbouring Fergusson Domain), and Oranga School. The local secondary schools are One Tree Hill College, Marcellin College and Onehunga High School.
Demographics
Oranga covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Oranga had a population of 3,198 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 246 people (8.3%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 393 people (14.0%) since the 2006 census. There were 879 households, comprising 1,578 males and 1,620 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.97 males per female. The median age was 29.6 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 792 people (24.8%) aged under 15 years, 825 (25.8%) aged 15 to 29, 1,287 (40.2%) aged 30 to 64, and 297 (9.3%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 32.6% European/Pākehā, 17.2% Māori, 50.0% Pacific peoples, 15.2% Asian, and 3.1% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 34.3, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 29.0% had no religion, 55.6% were Christian, 1.8% had Māori religious beliefs, 3.2% were Hindu, 2.0% were Muslim, 1.8% were Buddhist and 1.4% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 510 (21.2%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 543 (22.6%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $23,100, compared with $31,800 nationally. 288 people (12.0%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 1,167 (48.5%) people were employed full-time, 231 (9.6%) were part-time, and 150 (6.2%) were unemployed.
Oranga Round Concrete Sheds
The side photograph includes the two hundred or so unique concrete sheds built around 1947 in the vicinity of Oranga, Onehunga, Auckland. While their blueprints are possibly lost to time we know they were constructed of a base, cylinder, and roof using wood forms that will have been reused to begin the build process anew after each pouring, also their parts may have been built off-site and then assembled on location. The ceiling view had the appearance of the form being constructed like a cheese segment style rotation that was then poured and mounted atop with a slight overhang or eave around the outside. A single circular indent system was used to hold the roof in place atop the cylinder. These handy out-buildings featured a door and window opposite (upper four louvres with lower pane), with a small drainage hole at the floor wall corner below, while above outside the roof had a designed-in circular shallow v-gutter around the outer edge making for simple rain channeling with a drainage dip off to one side for water run-off. The roof could not be walked upon as the studfinder shows little or no reinforcing. The interior walls had around six vertical equally spaced planks attached for holding tools. The walls were around two and a half inches thick for the cylinder, and three inches for the roof section, and three for the base which sat in-line with the cylinder, Their large internal space measuring eight feet across the floor and seven feet to the apex above meant they could be used as a place for storage and or dispatching fowl back in the day. Slight banding and nail head indents can be seen around the exterior and interior walls where the wood forms had been erected for pouring day. The exterior was given a simple white coating.
References
Suburbs of Auckland
The term safe work procedure (SWP) originated in Victoria, Australia, and is predominantly used as a risk management tool by industries throughout Australia, particularly in the mining sector. SWPs are also referred to using other terms, such as standard operating procedure (SOP). A safe work procedure is a step by step description of a process when deviation may cause a loss. This risk control document created by teams within the company describes the safest and most efficient way to perform a task. This document stays in the health & safety system for regular use as a template or guide when completing that particular task on site.
Requirements of safe work
The document generally lists the associated hazards involved in performing a task, what risk score is associated with the hazards (using a risk matrix), what personal protective equipment is required, and the steps involved to complete the activity without incident.
The document is split up to meet the above requirements as follows;
Hazards
Inherent risk
Control measures
Residual risk
Each person involved in that task on site must ensure all sections of the SWP are followed.
Safe work procedures are also required for machinery and equipment that is used to perform commercial activities. The procedures are required to be enforced within the workplace and improved as conditions or equipment changes.
See also
Work method statement
External links
Worksafe Western Australia
Worksafe Victoria
Safety Culture - Safe Work Procedures
Occupational safety and health
Operating procedures
Istanbul is a 1957 American CinemaScope film noir crime film directed by Joseph Pevney, and starring Errol Flynn and Cornell Borchers. It is a remake of the film Singapore, with the location of the action moved to Turkey. The plot involves an American pilot who becomes mixed up with various criminal activities in Istanbul.
Plot
For the first time in five years, pilot Jim Brennan (Errol Flynn) flies to Istanbul, Turkey, but is immediately brought to the office of customs Inspector R. P. Nural (John Bentley) who suspects him of diamond smuggling. Jim goes to the hotel where he stayed previously, but his old room has American couple Charlie (Leif Erickson) and Marge Boyle (Peggy Knudsen) staying there.
At the café, Jim sits at his regular table and recalls the last time he was there, sharing a drink with German tourist Stephanie Bauer (Cornell Borchers), a beauty with whom he falls in love. She knows he has to fly for a living, and encourages him to accept a quick job flying businessmen to Cairo. On his return, an old friend, merchant Aziz Rakim (Vladimir Sokoloff) offers Jim a bracelet to give to Stephanie but a hidden compartment contains diamonds, which Jim stashes in his ceiling fan.
When he proposes to Stephanie, he also gives her the bracelet. She accepts his proposal, but back at his room, the couple encounter Paul Renkov (Werner Klemperer) who is looking for the diamonds. The next night, Paul follows Jim and with several henchmen, beat him up. Mr. Darius (Martin Benson), their leader, demands the diamonds. The police find Jim, and at headquarters, Nural tells him that Aziz was murdered likely due to his role in a shipment of stolen diamonds smuggled in a bracelet. Jim denies involvement in the theft and later asks Stephanie to come with him that night to Paris.
At her hotel room, Darius' men accost Stephanie and steal the bracelet. Jim finds Nural in his room, and reveals that he has impounded his aircraft and plans to keep him in custody until Jim leaves the country. Knowing he cannot retrieve the diamonds, Jim and Nural go to Stephanie's hotel, but the building is in flames. Jim tries to save his fiancée, but the blaze forces him to retreat.
Years later, Renkov finds Jim and tells him Darius wants to get his diamonds. Jim knows the married couple in his old room are in danger, and goes to the hotel, but is amazed to see Stephanie there. Claiming to be Karen Fielding, she leaves with her husband, Douglas Fielding (Torin Thatcher), the man who had saved her five years ago when her hotel had caught on fire. She had lost all of her earlier memories and does not recognize Jim.
Jim tries to press Stephanie about her past, but her husband asks him to leave them in peace. Later, clutching the bracelet Jim gave her, she secretly visits him at the café, trying to remember what he meant to her once. Jim attempts to retrieve the diamonds but is nearly caught by the inspector. He slips them into one of the Boyle's suitcases. Leaving the room he allows himself to be captured by Renkov and taken to an abandoned warehouse where Darius has already kidnapped Stephanie. Convincing Darius that she is the real thief, Jim slyly sets the warehouse ablaze.
Grabbing Stephanie who has gone into shock, he takes her back to her husband but the next morning as he prepares to fly out of Istanbul, Stephanie suddenly awakes and calls out Jim's name. Rushing to the airport, they see that Jim is caught with the diamonds although Nural decides to let him leave the country. As the aircraft takes off, her husband sees Stephanie's reaction and with the inspector's help, Jim is ordered to come back to Istanbul as someone wants to reunite with him.
Cast
Errol Flynn as James Brennan
Cornell Borchers as Stephanie Bauer / Karen Fielding
John Bentley as Inspector Nural
Torin Thatcher as Douglas Fielding
Leif Erickson as Charlie Boyle
Peggy Knudsen as Marge Boyle
Martin Benson as Mr. Darius
Nat "King" Cole as Danny Rice
Werner Klemperer as Paul Renkov
Vladimir Sokoloff as Aziz Rakim
Jan Arvan as Kazim
Nico Minardos as Ali
Ted Hecht as Lt. Sarac
David Bond as Dr. Sarica
Roland Varno as Mr. Florian
Hillevi Rombin as Air Hostess
Production
The film was a remake of Singapore (1948) based on a script by Seton I. Miller. Universal considered Jeff Chandler to play "Jim Brennan" and Robert Middleton to play "Mr. Darius." Eventually, Errol Flynn was cast.
It was the first film Flynn had made in Hollywood since Against All Flags (1952), also at Universal. It had been a difficult few years for Flynn, incurring tax trouble with the IRS and debts due to his attempt at making The Story of William Tell, a film about William Tell.
Flynn was paid a reported £150,000 for the film, taking a flat salary instead of a percentage. All the money Flynn earned went to the payment of his debts.
Flynn signed his contract on February 15, 1956 and filming began the following week. Some scenes were shot on location in Istanbul, Turkey.
Flynn later wrote "I thought the film was to be made in Turkey, but it turned out I must go back to Hollywood In the States, people who saw me again on the screen said I looked dissipated. Great! I was tired of being called beautiful, as they had called me when I was younger."
Cornell Borchers was already attached to the film when Flynn signed on. It was the second of two films Borchers made for Universal, the first being Never Say Goodbye; Universal were very big on hiring stars with international reputations at the time.)
Istanbul marked Peggy Knudsen's last film appearance.
Lawsuit
Kim Inc., which had the rights for a 1954 film called Istanbul starring Virginia Bruce, brought a suit against Universal claiming $450,000 in damages and an injunction stopping use of the name Istanbul. This was dismissed.
Soundtrack
When I Fall in Love
Music and lyrics by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans
Sung by Nat 'King' Cole
I Was a Little Too Lonely (and You Were a Little Too Late)
Music and lyrics by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans
Sung by Nat 'King' Cole
Let's Love Again
Written by Milton Rosen and Everett Carter
Venita
Written by Henry Mancini and Frederick Herbert
Hi Ya Sailor
Written by Milton Rosen and Everett Carter
Slightly Sentimental
Written by Milton Rosen and Everett Carter
Theme song from Foxfire
from Foxfire (1955)
Music by Henry Mancini
Lyrics by Jeff Chandler
Reception
Critical
Bosley Crowther in his review for The New York Times, described Istanbul, as basically mediocre. "There is nothing to distinguish this production. The color is good and the CinemaScope inserts of the city by the Golden Horn are nice."
The Los Angeles Times called it "a moderately interesting drama of intrigue."
Film historian Leonard Maltin considered the film did not have many redeeming elements. "Sole bright spot: Cole singing "When I Fall in Love". Remake of Singapore.
Filmink magazine said "the script is full of echoes of Casablanca – it's set in an exotic city, is about a shady hero who is (surprise) deep down a goodie and has a long-lost love, a black pianist friend and a friendly rivalry with the local chief of police – but they only serve to remind the viewer of what a better movie that was."
See also
List of American films of 1957
References
Notes
Bibliography
Maltin, Leonard. Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide 2009. New York: New American Library, 2009 (originally published as TV Movies, then Leonard Maltin's Movie & Video Guide), First edition 1969, published annually since 1988. .
Thomas, Tony, Rudy Behlmer and Clifford McCarty. The Films of Errol Flynn. New York: Citadel Press, 1969.
External links
1957 films
Film noir
1957 crime drama films
CinemaScope films
Films set in airports
Films directed by Joseph Pevney
Films about amnesia
Films set in Istanbul
Films shot in Turkey
Universal Pictures films
1950s English-language films
American crime films
1950s American films
Contra El Viento (en: "Against the Wind") is the seventh track from WarCry album ¿Dónde Está La Luz?, and was also released as a music video created after a montage of scenes from a live concert given by the band. It is also featured on live album Directo A La Luz on both DVD and CD versions.
Meaning
The lyrics were written entirely by Víctor García, who explained them on the band's website as follows:I'm sure you all have seen pictures of children in a hospital with their heads shaved, suffering of various types of cancer, with that sad look but at the same time sweet, which tell us that rather than sick, they are just children. There are many other images that show adverse environments in which a human being tries to survive, many cases in which the calculation of possibilities is adverse, but many of them the human ended up victorious.
This story talks about a terminal patient who notices that his time is about to come, and still grasps desperately to his life. It's common to hear expressions like: "If I have an accident and end up blind, I prefer to die", or "If I lose a leg I prefer to die"... Dying, is like total surrender. There might be a life after death, but one thing is totally clear, it won't be the same. The human being is a viscous substance that exists in our heads, everything else is replaceable and complementary. The loss of an organ, vision, or hearing is not a loss of identity, also, your family wouldn't leave you just because you're blind, or anything else, their support and affection will always be present.
Imagine you the protagonist of this story, think of any way of survival, think that every second is vital, and that life is a disease with constant pain and thousands of barriers to whom you need to face. Escaping is not allowed, but only resistance, struggle ,and fights to solve problems. At the end of our years death will win, but no one can take away the pleasure of having fought every single day of our lives... against the wind.
Personnel
Víctor García - vocals
Pablo García - guitars
Fernando Mon - guitars
Roberto García - bass
Manuel Ramil - keyboards
Alberto Ardines - drums
External links
WarCry's Official website
Official MySpace
Contra El Viento at YouTube
Notes
WarCry (band) songs
2005 songs
ASC Healthcare is a mental health service provider based in Bolton. It runs the Breightmet Centre an autism treatment centre in Bolton which opened in 2013, and a small hospital, Mayfield Court in Whalley Range which is used for short term placements of mental health patients. It also proposes to open a similar acute crisis unit for mental health patients in Blackburn.
The Breightmet Centre, which took patients from all over England, was forced to shut suddenly after "serious concerns" were raised by the Care Quality Commission in July 2019 and its registration was revoked. The inspectors identified serious concerns both with the centre's physical environment and with the company's understanding of patients' healthcare needs. The site was dirty, with food and human waste in some of the bedrooms and social areas. Services were taken over by Mersey Care NHS Foundation Trust. It was rated “Good” in 2018. The second inspection appears to have been undertaken as result of complaints by a parent of a 20-year old resident from Gloucestershire who said that both she and her son were absolutely traumatised.
Subsequently Mayfield Court, which was used by NHS trusts when there were no available beds, was also inspected by the Care Quality Commission. It was rated ‘inadequate' overall and placed into special measures. There were complaints about the state of the premises. The service's quality audits had failed to fully identify risks, including a ligature point and the external perimeter fence being easily climbable. There had been 10 incidents of people leaving the service without authorisation since May 2019.
References
Private providers of NHS services
Health in Greater Manchester
Health care companies of the United Kingdom
Mental health in England
Intonjane is a Xhosa rite of passage into womanhood practiced in the Eastern Cape of South Africa. The ritual takes place after a girl has had her first period. This ritual is symbolic of a girl's sexual maturity and ability to conceive. It is through this ritual that girls are taught about socially accepted behaviours of Xhosa women, while also encouraging them not to have sex before marriage.
The origins of the name intonjane is associated with the life cycle of a stick insect. At the end of its larval stage, caterpillars encase themselves in a little grass-like mat cocoon where till it is ready to emerge as an adult. During these months, trees have these grassy cocoons that Xhosa people refer to as ntonjane. The kind of grass that the girl sits on during the ritual, called inxkopho, bears a resemblance to the cocoons encasing of the caterpillars on the tree, hence the name intonjane. The intonjane ritual takes three to six weeks, and several events take place during that period.
Umngeno
When the girl has had her first menstruation, she notifies her mother, who in turn informs her father, who then calls on a traditional gathering called ibhunga. Jewellery made from grass is placed around her neck and waist as a symbol of her coming to age.
The ibhunga gathering is marked by the making of umqombothi webhunga (traditional beer). It is during this event that the girl is informed that she is going to attend the intonjane ceremony. She then wears a necklace made from a string of a live ox's tail hair, referred to as ubulunga. The necklace is a symbol of fertility and that the girl is ready to accept marriage proposals.
It is then that the girl goes into seclusion with amakhankatha (assistants) and her aunt. This seclusion is referred to as umngeno as it is the day that the initiate goes into isolation. The first week is marked by the initiate being placed behind a curtain without any of her clothes, apart from a black doek, and inkciyo, a beaded skirt that serves as a garment covering the pubic area. Her body is painted with white ochre, representing contact with the ancestral spirits and seclusion from tribal life.
Umngenandlini
After the first or second evening, a goat is slaughtered by the father or the men of the family. After slaughtering the goat, a young man is selected to roast a piece of meat called ‘isiphika'. Once the meat is roasted, a sharpened stick is used to pick it up and the meat is given to the initiate, who is not allowed to eat it using her hands. Her assistants are not allowed to eat it with their hands.j
Umtshato
After umngenandlini, on the fourth day or any even numbered day after the seclusion of the initiate, a ceremony that simulates a marriage ceremony is held. The reason why umtshato must be held on an even numbered day is that the even number is symbolic of two families in a marriage union.
This ritual is marked by the slaughtering of an ox, the right shoulder of the ox, called umshwamo, is placed into the chosen special hut from the girl's homestead for the night. The following day, one of amakhankatha cooks the meat and the meat is eaten using the same stick that was used when eating the goat meat from unngenandlini. This ritual is a three-day celebration where the public is witness to the girl's new role as woman.
Ukutsiba Intaba
This is an event marked by the disposal of the initiate's sanitary towels or whatever she used during her period. It is after the disposal that the girl and her amakhankatha must burn the stick that they have been using to eat the meat. The initiate and her assistants look for a place to burn the stick. Then one of her assistants ties the stick to the bunch of grass they have chosen to use as tinder and burns it. After the fire, the initiate and her assistants disperse the ashes everywhere. This is symbolic of the ending of the initiate's childhood stage and the beginning of her journey into womanhood. After dispersing of the ashes, the girls run home. However, the initiate must run fast and be ahead of her assistants because if they catch up to her, she will have to stay in the hut for an extended period.
Umngqungqo
Before the end of the girl's seclusion, a party is thrown for all the women in the village. This event is referred to as umngqungqo. Women are clad in bright-coloured clothing and beads during this event. In the morning after the last day of the party, the initiate goes to the river to wash the white ochre and it is replaced by the yellow one referred to as umdike. The initiate and her assistants wear new clothes upon their return from the river. It is then that celebrations continue, to mark the end of the intonjane ritual.
See also
Xhosa
References.
Ceremonies
Menstrual cycle
Metaphors referring to insects
Puberty
Rites of passage
Xhosa culture
Kenneth P. Green is a social worker and Democratic and Independent politician from Hartford, Connecticut. He served as a Representative to the Connecticut House of Representatives for Connecticut's 1st assembly district.
Early life
Green was born in Hartford, Connecticut. He has a BA in Social Science from Hampshire College and earned a MA in Social Work at the University of Connecticut School of Social Work in 1979.
Political career
Green represented Connecticut's 1st assembly district from 1994 to 2010. During his legislative career he chaired Connecticut's Legislative Black and Puerto Rican Caucus. In 2010, Green lost the Democratic primary to challenger Matthew Ritter; 1,153 votes to 1,151 votes. In 2017, Green ran as an Independent in a three way race for Connecticut House of Representatives District 7 against Democrat Rickey Pinckney Sr. and Working Families Party candidate Joshua Malik Hall.
References
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Members of the Connecticut General Assembly
Connecticut Democrats
Politicians from Hartford, Connecticut
Living people
Hampshire College alumni
University of Connecticut alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tingeling is a group of songs created and performed by Henrik Dorsin, Michael Lindgren, Andreas Alfredsson Grube, Andreas Grill, Jorge Olivares Rivas and Grotesco which served as entertainment during the intermission of the Melodifestivalen 2009. A version of the songs, namely Tingaliin was released as a single that peaked at number one on the Sverigetopplistan 27 March 2009. On 5 April 2009, it entered Svensktoppen.
The songs were a part of a series of sketches performed at Melodifestivalen in which the TV director Pål Potter, performed by the actor Rikard Ulvshammar, and music director Rolf Pihlman, performed by Dorsin, try to get a singer and a song from every city where Melodifestivalen is held. They fail each time, and Pihlman instead performs songs from his old dance band, mostly the stereotypical dance band song Tingeling, and remixes of it.
Versions included:
Tingeling (a dance version)
Singeling
Blingeling
Tingaliin
The latter created a lot of controversy because of stereotyping. However, it still became popular and made to the top of the Swedish Singles Chart.
Album
Based on the success of the single Tingaliin, an album was released containing various renditions:
"Tingaliin" (P-BROS feat DJ Trexx & Olga)
"Lite introsnack så..." (Rolf Pihlman)
"Tingeling" (original from 1977) (Tingeling)
"Solstingeling" (Xtra and The Lab Sound System)
"Tingäälingi" (Pirjo Hyvinäänen)
"El tingelino" (Don Jalapeño)
"Visan om Tingeling" (Buddha and Bastugatan)
"Blingeling" (Kapten Krok Crew)
"Lite mellansnack och det" (Rolf Pihlman)
"Tingeling, Tingeling" (Tingeling with Rolf Pihlman)
"The Bass is International" (DJ Trexx)
"Dangeland, dangelang" (Carl McRoo)
"Din vackraste klänningeling" (Lasse Andersson)
"Katschingeling" (Curlstie Spearsty)
"Två hjärtans tingeling" (Markusson & Forelli)
"Welcome to Internet" (DJ Trexx pres. Dr Internet)
"Tingeling (Disco Suburbia Remix)" (Bob Grillman)
"Tingaliin (Dancingeling Remix)" (DJ Boris)
"Fläskkarré med plommon" (Rolf Pihlman)
"Jaha, nu är det slutsnackat" (Rolf Pihlman)
"Singeling" (Rolf Pihlman)
"Farfars urin" (Rolf Pihlman)
External links
The song on YouTube
Melodifestivalen
2009 singles
Fethiye, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Marjorie Lewty, née Lobb (b. 8 April 1906 in Wallasey, Cheshire, England, United Kingdom – d. 21 January 2002) was a British writer of short stories and over 45 romance novels from 1958 to 1999 for Mills & Boon.
Biography
Marjorie Lobb was born on 8 April 1906 in Wallasey, Cheshire, England, United Kingdom, the daughter of James, a sailor in the Merchant Navy, and Mabel, the manager of the Queen's Cinema in Liverpool. She studied at Queen Mary High School in Liverpool, but her plans to study sciences at university were thwarted when her father died. She was forced to take a hated job as secretary of the District Bank Ltd. from 1923 to 1933, when she married Richard Arthur Lewty, a dental surgeon of Liverpool. They had one son Simon Lewty, and one daughter, Deborah (Bornoff). After her marriage, she began to write short stories that were published in magazines. In 1958, she sold her first romance novel to Mills & Boon, and her last novel in 1999. Her husband died in 1978, and she died on 21 January 2002.
Bibliography
Single novels
Never Call It Loving (1958)
The Million Stars (1959)
Imperfect Secretary (1959)
The Lucky One (1961)
This Must Be for Ever (1962)
Alex Rayner, Dental Nurse (1965)
Dental Nurse at Denley's (1968)
Town Nurse – Country Nurse (1970)
The Extraordinary Engagement (1972)
Rest Is Magic (1973)
All Made of Wishes (1974)
Flowers in Stony Places (1975)
Fire in the Diamond (1976)
To Catch a Butterfly (1977)
Time and the Loving (1977)
The Short Engagement (1978)
A Very Special Man (1979)
A Certain Smile (1979)
Prisoner in Paradise (1980)
Love Is a Dangerous Game (1980)
Beyond the Lagoon (2016)
Girl Betwitched (1981)
Makeshift Marriage (1982)
Dangerous Male (1983)
One Who Kisses (1983)
Lover's Knot (1984)
Riviera Romance (1984)
Acapulco Moonlight (1985)
Lake in Kyoto (1985)
Villa in the sun (1986)
In Love with the Man (1986)
Honeymoon Island (1987)
Bittersweet Honeymoon (1988)
Falling in Love Again (1988)
Kiss Is Still a Kiss (1989)
Lightning Strike (1990)
Man-trap (1990)
Deep Water (1991)
The Beginning of the Affair (1992)
Little White Lies (1993)
Step in the Dark (1994)
An Ambitious Heart (1995)
Misleading Engagement (1996)
A Real Engagement (1999)
Omnibus in collaboration
Runaway Visitors / Tower of the Winds / Rest is Magic (1977) (with Eleanor Farnes and Elizabeth Hunter)
Shadows on the Sand / All Made of Wishes / Sweet Roots and Honey (1979) (with Elizabeth Hoy and Gwen Westwood)
Velvet Spur / The Habit of Love / Extraordinary Engagement (1979) (with Jane Arbor and Joyce Dingwell)
Flowers in Stony Places / The Flight of the Hawk / Ross of Silver Ridge (1981) (with Rebecca Stratton and Gwen Westwood)
The Beach of Sweet Returns / To Catch a Butterfly / Heart in the Sunlight (1982) (with Margery Hilton)
The House in the Foothills / The Short Engagement / Henrietta's Own Castle (1986) (with Mons Daveson and Betty Neels)
References and sources
Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
External links
Marjorie Lewty's Webpage in Fantastic Fiction's Website
1906 births
2002 deaths
British romantic fiction writers
20th-century British novelists
Watson Realty Corp. is an independent real estate company headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, with 51 offices and 1,400 employees in Northeast Florida, Central Florida, and Southeast Georgia.
Watson Realty Corp. is a member of Leading Real Estate Companies of the World, a global community of 565 international real estate companies across the world. Watson Realty Corp. also maintains an affiliation with Luxury Portfolio International, the luxury branch of Leading Real Estate Companies of the World.
History
Watson Realty Corp. was formed in 1965 by William A. Watson, Jr. The company's first office was located in Jacksonville, as a single-office real estate company in a shared storefront with William A. Watson and one part-time sales agent.
William A. Watson Jr., was born in Jacksonville, the son and grandson of railroad conductors for what today is CSX Corp. The professor, Roger G. Giles, would become one of Watson's early mentors.
After graduation in 1959, Watson joined Gifford Grange Realty in 1960. When Grange left the business to enter politics, Watson opened his own brokerage on the Southside. He offered property management and fire and casualty insurance in addition to real estate services. Watson opened his first branch office in 1970.It would later be renamed a final time to Watson Realty Corp. in 1976.
By 1979, Watson opened branches in Gainesville, Orlando, Longwood, Deland, and Daytona. In 1985, Watson opened its first office outside of Florida in St. Marys, Georgia.
Watson established its family of service companies in 1994 with the opening of Watson Mortgage Corp. and, in 2002, Watson Title Services of North Florida, Inc.
In 2017, Watson merged with All Florida Realty, offering services to Melbourne, Port St. Lucie, Vero Beach, and Port Charlotte.
Growth
In 1999, Watson Realty Corp. acquired Palm Coast Home Realty. Palm Coast Home Realty was the resale real estate marketing division of ITT Community Development Corp., the initial developer of Palm Coast, a 15,000-home community halfway between St. Augustine and Daytona Beach.
Today
Today, Watson Realty Corp. headquarters are located in Jacksonville at 7821 Deercreek Club Rd. in the Southside area. The company has offices in the Northeast and Central Florida, as well as Southeast Georgia.
The company currently has 51 offices, including the newest location in Lake Nona.
References
Real estate services companies of the United States
Companies based in Jacksonville, Florida
RX5 may refer to:
Roewe RX5, a Chinese compact crossover automobile
RX5 (album), a 1981 album by The Alvin Lee Band
Mutya ng Pilipinas 2000 was the 32nd edition of Mutya ng Pilipinas. It was held at the AFP Theater in Camp Aguinaldo, Quezon City, Metro Manila on May 13, 2000.
At the end of the event, Ritchie Ocampo crowned Josephine Canonizado as Mutya ng Pilipinas Asia Pacific 2000. Including her crowned are the new court of winners: Marie Pearl Acas was named First Runner-Up, Christine Anne de Jesus was named Second Runner-Up, Peachy Manzano was named Third Runner-Up, and Macbeth Abuzo was named Fourth Runner-Up.
Results
Color keys
The contestant Won in an International pageant.
The contestant was a Runner-up in an International pageant.
The contestant was not able to compete in an International pageant.
The contestant did not place.
Contestants
25 delegates have been selected to compete in this year.
Withdrawals
Joy Anne Morales, 19, 5'8", Filipino Community of the United Kingdom
Kristen Maua, 18, 5'10", Filipino Community of the USA
References
External links
Official Mutya ng Pilipinas website
Mutya ng Pilipinas 2012 is on!
2000 beauty pageants
2000 in the Philippines
2000
Merhav Am (, lit. Nation's Expanse) is a religious community settlement in southern Israel. Located in the Negev desert between Yeruham and the kibbutz of Sde Boker, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ramat HaNegev Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
Merhav Am was founded by the Or Movement on 1 November 2001 and had a population of around 30 families by November 2006, many living in caravans.
The original name was intended to be Halukim due to its proximity to the Halukim Hills (the nearest road junction is called the Halukim Junction). However, after around a year it was renamed Merhav Am, inspired by the wide open area in which it was to be built, as well as in honour of Rehavam Ze'evi, a former Minister who was assassinated in 2001: In Hebrew Merhav (מרחב - MRHV) means "wide open spaces" whilst Rehavam is spelt using the last three letters of the word plus two more (רחבעם - RHVAM). Combining the two gives Merhav Am (MRHV+AM).
References
External links
Official website
Religious Israeli communities
Community settlements
Populated places in Southern District (Israel)
Populated places established in 2001
2001 establishments in Israel
Karanja Sohol Wildlife Sanctuary () is a protected area in the Karanja talukas of Washim district in Maharashtra, India. It was created in 2000 to preserve the black buck population. It covers of forest and grasslands.
Description
The Karanja Sohol Wildlife Sanctuary is located some from Karanja town. There are a few undulating hills in the sanctuary with a large area which is a part of the catchment area of Aadan reservoir. The sanctuary is best approached by road from Washim. The nearest rail head is Murtizapur.
History
The management plan for Karanja Sohol wildlife sanctuary is approved vide letter Desk-22(8)/521(3)/172 dt. 29/04/2009 for the year 2009/2010 to 2018/2019 by the Government of India.
Biodiversity
Flora
Karanja Sohol Wildlife Sanctuary is an undulating tract of grasslands interspersed with wooded areas.
The tropical and subtropical dry broadleaf forests harbours teak (Tectona grandis) and Coromandel ebony (Diospyros melanoxylon) as predominant species. Other important tree species include ain (Terminalia alata), axlewood (Anogeissus latifolia), lendia (Lagerstroemia parviflora), shiwan (Gmelina aoborea), kalamb (Mitragyna paoviflora), telia, Indian rosewood (Dalbergia latifolia) and bija (Pterocarpus marsupium).
Fauna
The sanctuary attracts a large variety of migratory waterfowl from November to March every year. 17 mammal species, 75 bird species, 18 reptiles, three amphibians, 23 fishes and 48 butterfly and spider species were recorded. Mammal species include Indian muntjac (Muntiacus muntjak), striped hyena (Hyaena hyaena), sambar deer (Rusa unicolor), jungle cat (Felis chaus), wild boar (Sus scrofa).
Grass has been grown to aid restoring blackbuck (Antilope cervicapra). and spotted deer (Axis axis).
Notes
Wildlife sanctuaries in Maharashtra
Tourist attractions in Raigad district
Nature conservation in India
Wildlife conservation in India
2000 establishments in Maharashtra
Protected areas established in 2000
Džungľa (literally: "Jungle", ) is a borough (city ward) of Košice, Slovakia. The borough is situated in the Košice I district and lies to the northeast of the neighbouring borough of Košice Old Town, at an altitude of roughly above sea level.
Džungľa gained its distinctive name in the interwar period and was made an official borough in the early 1990s. It is the smallest of all 22 of Košice's boroughs, and is also one of the least populous overall.
The borough is largely focused on housing (with a few hundred residents), industrial areas and shopping centres.
History
Today's borough of Džungľa developed during the interwar period, its nickname (later adopted as an official name) first appeared in the late 1920s.
Džungľa became a separate borough of Košice, as part of the Košice I district, in 1990.
Statistics
Area:
Population: 697 (December 2017)
Density of population: 1500/km2 (December 2017)
District: Košice I
Mayor: Adriana Šebeščáková Balogová (as of 2018 elections)
Gallery
Photos
Maps of the area
References
External links
Article on the Džungľa borough at Cassovia.sk
Official website of Košice
Boroughs of Košice
Mount Rainbow () is a peak, 2,050 m, along the south side of Byrd Glacier, surmounting the broad ridge between Zeller and Sefton Glaciers. So named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) (1960–61) as the peak consists of multi-colored beds of sandstone with probable dolerite sitting on pink-green limestone.
Mountains of Oates Land
The 1967 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during the 1967 NCAA University Division football season. In their fourth season under head coach Tommy Hudspeth, the Cougars compiled a 6–4 record (3–2 against WAC opponents), finished third in the WAC, and outscored opponents by a total of 278 to 215.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Kahn is a surname of German origin. Kahn means "small boat", in German. It is also a Germanized form of the Jewish surname Cohen, another variant of which is Cahn.
People with the personal name Kahn
Kahn Fotuali'i (born 1982), New Zealand rugby-union player of Samoan origin
Kahn Singh Nabha (1861–1938), Punjabi Sikh scholar, writer, anthologist, lexicographer, and encyclopedist
People with the surname Kahn
Albert Kahn (1860–1940), French banker and philanthropist
Albert Kahn (1869–1942), American industrial architect
Albert E. Kahn (1912–1979), American journalist
Alex Kahn (born 1967), American artist
Alexander Kahn (1881–1962), American lawyer and newspaper editor
Alfred E. Kahn (1917–2010), American economist
Alfred R. Kahn (born 1947), American businessman, CEO of 4Kids Entertainment
Ashley Kahn, American jazz historian
Aunia Kahn (born 1977), American artist
Axel Kahn (1944–2021), French geneticist
Barbara B. Kahn, American endocrinologist and professor
Bob Kahn (born 1938), American developer of the TCP and IP protocols
Brian Kahn, American writer and radio host
Brenda Kahn (born 1967), American singer-songwriter
Charles H. Kahn, professor of philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania
Charles N. Kahn III (born 1952), president and chief executive officer of the Federation of American Hospitals
C. Ronald Kahn (born 1944), American physician and scientist
David Kahn (born 1930), American historian, journalist and writer
David Kahn (born 1961), American sports executive, former G.M. of the Minnesota Timberwolves
Dominique Strauss-Kahn (born 1949), French former managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF)
Emilie Kahn, Canadian musician
Ely Jacques Kahn (1884–1972), American commercial architect
Gilles Kahn (1946–2006), French computer scientist, described Kahn process networks
Gus Kahn (1886–1941), American musician and songwriter
Gustave Kahn (1859–1936), French poet
Hannah Kahn (1911–1988), American poet, born in New York City
Harold L. Kahn (1930–2018), American historian
Herman Kahn (1922–1983), American military theorist and futurologist
Irving Kahn (1905–2015), American investor
Israel Kahn (born 1988), Peruvian footballer
Jean-François Kahn (born 1938), French journalist
Jeff Kahn, American mathematician at Rutgers University
Jenette Kahn (born 1947), American comic book editor
Julius Kahn (1861–1924), United States congressman
Larry Kahn, American tiddlywinks champion
Lehman Kahn (1827–1915), Belgian educationalist and writer
Lisa B. Kahn, American economist
Lisa M. Kahn (1921–2013), German-American scholar and poet
Lloyd Kahn (born 1935), American publisher and author
Louis Kahn (1901–1974), American architect
Lucian Kahn (born 1982), American singer, songwriter and guitarist of Schmekel
Lucille Kahn (1902–1995), American actress and parapsychology advocate
Madeline Kahn (1942–1999), American actress
Michael Kahn (born 1935), American film editor
Oliver Kahn (born 1969), German former footballer
Otto Hermann Kahn (1867–1934), German-born American banker and patron of the arts
Paul W. Kahn (born 1952), professor at Yale Law School
Philippe Kahn (born 1952), French-born American entrepreneur
Reuben Leon Kahn (1887–1979), Lithuanian physician
Richard Ferdinand Kahn (1905–1989), English economist
Robert Kahn (1865–1951), German composer
Robert Louis Kahn (1918–2019), psychologist and social scientist
Robert Ludwig Kahn (1923–1970), professor of German studies and poet
Roger Kahn (born 1927), American author and sports journalist
Roger Wolfe Kahn (1907–1962), American jazz musician
Ruth Ward Kahn (1872–?), American writer
Sam Kahn (1911–1987), South African anti-apartheid politician, activist and lawyer
Tom Kahn (1938–1992), American social-democrat, civil-rights leader, and labor-union officer
Yoel Kahn (1930–2021), American, Chabad rabbi
Zadoc Kahn (1839–1905), Alsatian-French, chief rabbi of France
Fictional characters
Kahn Souphanousinphone, Hank Hill's neighbor in the television cartoon series King of the Hill
Shao Kahn, in the Mortal Kombat universe
Kotal Kahn, playable character in "Mortal Kombat X"
Noel Kahn, in the American TV series Pretty Little Liars
See also
Khan (name), title and surname in Central and South Asia
Kan (surname)
Caan (disambiguation); Kaan (disambiguation)
Cann (disambiguation); Kann (disambiguation)
References
German-language surnames
Jewish families
Kohenitic surnames
Jewish surnames
Yiddish-language surnames
Moscow Square () is a Hungarian film released in 2001. It is named after Moscow Square in Budapest and is about a group of high school students who would rather party than take notice of the history taking place all round them in 1989.
Cast
Gábor Karalyos – Petya
Eszter Balla – Zsófi
Erzsi Pápai – Boci mama
Ilona Béres – Igazgatónő
External links
2001 films
2001 comedy films
Hungarian comedy films
Macbrideola is a genus of Amoebozoa in the family Stemonitidaceae. As of 2015, there are 17 species in the genus.
The genus name of Macbrideola is in honour of Thomas Huston Macbride (1848–1934), who was the tenth president of the University of Iowa and was a naturalist and botanist.
The genus was circumscribed by Henry Clark Gilbert in Univ. Iowa Stud. Nat. Hist. vol.16 on page 155 in 1934.
Species
Macbrideola andina
Macbrideola argentea
Macbrideola confusa
Macbrideola cornea
Macbrideola decapillata
Macbrideola declinata
Macbrideola dubia
Macbrideola herrerae
Macbrideola indica
Macbrideola lamprodermoides
Macbrideola macrospora
Macbrideola martinii
Macbrideola oblonga
Macbrideola ovoidea
Macbrideola reticulospora
Macbrideola scintillans
Macbrideola synsporos
References
Myxogastria
Amoebozoa genera
Verlon Lee Walker (March 7, 1929 – March 24, 1971) was an American catcher in minor league baseball and a coach for the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball from 1961 through 1970. He was also known as Rube Walker, nicknamed after his more famous older brother Albert, who preceded him as a catcher in the Chicago farm system. Albert played 11 seasons in the Major Leagues with the Cubs and Brooklyn Dodgers, and was an MLB pitching coach for three clubs, most notably the New York Mets.
Born in Lenoir, North Carolina, Verlon Walker never rose higher than eleven total games in the Double-A Texas League and Southern Association as a minor league catcher (1948–50; 1953–61). He turned to managing in 1957 as the playing skipper of the Paris Lakers of the Class D Midwest League, where he enjoyed his finest season as a hitter, batting .321 with 20 home runs. A left-handed batter who threw right-handed, Walker stood tall and weighed .
In 1961, he was appointed to the Cubs' College of Coaches, a rotating team of instructors and "head coaches" created as an experimental alternative to the traditional baseball hierarchy of a manager and a coaching staff. He was a member of this group for the five years of its existence, then was retained as the Cubs' bullpen coach when Leo Durocher was named manager for 1966. However, that year Walker discovered he was suffering from acute myeloid leukemia. After treatments offered a remission from the illness, he served under Durocher through the 1970 season, and was poised to become the Cubs' new pitching coach for . But a recurrence of leukemia caused his death on March 24, 1971, in Chicago at the age of 42.
Upon his death, the Cubs established the Verlon "Rube" Walker Leukemia Center at Northwestern Memorial Hospital, which still exists today as the Rube Walker Blood Center.
References
Spink, C.C. Johnson, ed., The Baseball Register, 1965-68 editions. St. Louis: The Sporting News.
Thorn, John, and Palmer, Peter, eds.., Total Baseball, New York: Warner Books, 1989.
External links
Coach's page in Retrosheet
"A Baseball Love Story," tribute blog by daughter Leigh Ann Walker Young
1929 births
1971 deaths
Baseball catchers
Baseball coaches from North Carolina
Baseball players from North Carolina
Chicago Cubs coaches
Deaths from cancer in Illinois
Deaths from leukemia
Des Moines Bruins players
Lumberton Cubs players
Macon Peaches players
Major League Baseball bullpen coaches
Major League Baseball first base coaches
Nashville Vols players
Paris Lakers players
People from Lenoir, North Carolina
Pueblo Bruins players
San Antonio Missions managers
San Antonio Missions players
Sioux Falls Canaries players
Topeka Owls players
Wenatchee Chiefs players
Itapemirim Transportes Aéreos S.A., also operating as Itapemirim Cargo, was a Brazilian passenger and cargo airline founded in 1990 and totally defunct in 2000.
History
Itapemirim Transportes Aéreos was founded in 1990 as an air-cargo division of Viação Itapemirim, one of the largest bus companies for passengers and cargo in Brazil. Flights started in January 1991 and operated in intermodal fashion, integrating air and land (buses and trucks) transportation. In 1996 a division for regional passenger flights was created and its flights started in 1997. However, in 1998 it was sold to TAM Linhas Aéreas. In 1999 all its cargo aircraft were sold and in 2000 the airline permanently ceased its activities.
Destinations
Itapemirim served the following cities:
Fleet
Itapemirim operated the following aircraft:
See also
List of defunct airlines of Brazil
References
Defunct airlines of Brazil
Airlines established in 1990
Airlines disestablished in 2000
1990 establishments in Brazil
2000 disestablishments in Brazil
Akkur is a village in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is located 20 km from Kanchipuram.
Akkur is home to the thirukanneeshwarar udanurai thirupura sundari temple of lord shiva. The temple is approximately 1000 years old & Ambujavalli Nayikaa Samedha Lakshmi Narayana Temple. The temple is approximately 700 years old, and is dedicated to Lord Vishnu. The temple was renovated in 2003 and a mahasamprokshanam was conducted.
References
Villages in Tiruvannamalai district
Tiruvannamalai district
Cities and towns in Tiruvannamalai district
The 2018–19 season is Liverpool Football Club Women's 30th season of competitive football and its ninth season in the FA Women's Super League and at the top level of English women's football, being one of the league's foundation clubs. It is also its first season following a re-brand from its former name Liverpool Ladies Football Club. Neil Redfearn replaced Scott Rogers as manager before the preseason. Redfearn joins the club after guiding Doncaster Rovers Belles to the crown of FA WSL 2 in the previous season. Redfearn resigned after three months and only two matches in charge, ending his tenure with a 5–0 loss to Arsenal in the league's opening weekend.
First team
Last updated on 18 August 2018.
Transfers and loans
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans out
Pre-season
Competitions
Women's Super League
FA Cup
FA WSL Cup
Appearances and goals
References
2018-19
Kepler-26e is an exoplanet orbiting the star Kepler-26, located in the constellation Lyra. It was discovered by the Kepler telescope in February 2014. It orbits its parent star at only 0.220 astronomical units and completes an orbit once every 46.8 days. It is potentially habitable.
References
Kepler-26
Super-Earths
Exoplanets discovered by the Kepler space telescope
Exoplanets discovered in 2014
The 1952 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College during the 1952 college football season. It was the first season as head coach for Murray Warmath, and also for quarterback Jackie Parker, who transferred to Mississippi State from Jones County Junior College. Parker rushed for 16 touchdowns in 1952, a school record that stood until Vick Ballard broke it in 2010. Parker would win his first of two SEC "Player of the Year" honors by the Nashville Banner.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
Beep Prepared is a 1961 Warner Brothers Merrie Melodies American theatrical cartoon short directed by Chuck Jones and designer Maurice Noble. The short was released on November 11, 1961, and stars Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner. The title is a play on the Boy Scouts of America motto "Be Prepared".
Plot
After being run off the edge of the cliff, Wile E. Coyote begins his typical plotting of various methods to catch the bird. First, Wile E. tries to trip the Road Runner with his own foot, only to have it flattened by a passing delivery truck. Taking higher ground, Wile E. uses a bow and arrow to skewer the Road Runner, only to have the bow hit him in the nose instead. He tries to trap the Road Runner in a manhole, which the Road Runner uses as a portable hole. Other traps include a rocket-powered flying suit (which explodes), a box of "ACME Iron Bird Seed" and a big magnet (which pulls him into the path of a train), a spring-loaded block of pavement (which ends up crushing him), a pair of machine guns connected by a trip wire (which the Roadrunner cuts), and an ACME Rocket-Sled Kit (which blasts off too early).
Crew
Co-Director & Layouts: Maurice Noble
Animation: Bob Bransford, Tom Ray, Ken Harris & Richard Thompson
Backgrounds: Philip DeGuard
Effects Animation: Harry Love
Film Editor: Treg Brown
Music: Milt Franklyn
Produced by David H. DePatie & John W. Burton
Story by John Dunn & Chuck Jones
Directed by Chuck Jones
References
External links
1961 short films
Merrie Melodies short films
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
1961 animated films
Short films directed by Chuck Jones
Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner
Films scored by Milt Franklyn
Films directed by Maurice Noble
1960s Warner Bros. animated short films
Animated films without speech
American animated short films
Films about Canis
Animated films about mammals
Animated films about birds
The DB Class 215 is a 4 axle diesel locomotive of the V 160 type. They were built for the German Federal Railways (Deutsche Bundesbahn) for medium-weight passenger and freight service on secondary and primary routes, and later passed to the Deutsche Bahn AG.
A number of variants were made by rebuilding; some were converted to Class 225 locomotives for freight only work for DB Cargo and the sub-class Class 215.9 were altered for use on the SyltShuttle.
Background
The locomotives of Class 215 were a longer version of the original DB Class V 160, and consequently were equipped with steam heating apparatus. In the pre-1968 classification scheme they were to be numbered V 163.
The engines were built to the length of the DB Class 218 ( longer than a Class V 160), so that later they could be rebuilt to the same specification of the longer class, which at the time only existed as a prototype; the Deutsche Bundesbahn could not wait for the Class 218 to reach production maturity as it was forging ahead with the replacement of the last steam locomotives.
Design and modifications
The locomotive has a diesel powertrain, using hydraulic transmission, with both bogies driven by cardan shafts, and all wheels powered.
The ten initial prototype machines built from 1968-1969 by Krupp were powered by diesel engines of type 12 V 956 TB 10 with a power of 1839 kW.
The machines numbered 215 011 to 215 070, and 215 094 to 215 150 had less powerful (1397 kW) but more reliable 16-cylinder Maybach MTU 16 V 652 TB engines (the same as the engines with which the Class 216 / V 160s were equipped), while the numbers 215 071 to 215 093 had a more powerful engine, but this time again the 12-cylinder 12 V 956 TB used in the prototypes. 215 091 to 215 093 were later retrofitted with the V-12 engine, having initially had the 16-cylinder engine.
The steam heating also doubled as a pre-heater for the locomotives engine, and other parts. Space was reserved for the installation of an electrical generator later on, the proposed conversion of the machines to the 218 series never came about - the exception was 215 112 which was rebuilt as DB Class 218 399 after an accident.
Numbers 030 to 032 locos were exceptional in that they were fitted from the outset with an electric heater (steam heating was removed) driven from an auxiliary diesel of type 8V 331 TC 10 with an output of 520 kW at 2100 rpm. Unlike in the DB Class 217 the auxiliary diesel is not connected to the transmission and cannot be used for additional traction power
Conversion variant 215.9
In the summer of 2003, DB AutoZug acquired a total of 18 locomotives from DB Regio, 14 units were rebuilt in a fashion analogous to the DBAG Class 225 but numbered as Class 215.9. The remaining four locomotives were kept for spare parts.
The steam heating boilers needed fuel and water tanks which for this service were now unnecessary, thus they were replaced with a ballast weight, the engines remained unchanged. A GSM-R system was fitted, as well as automatic brake slack adjusters.
DBAG Class 225
After passenger work for many of the DB Class 215 disappeared, DB Regio transferred 68 locomotives to DB Cargo (later Railion) for freight work, the steam heating boilers being removed and replaced with ballast. The new class was augmented by further DB Class 218 machines, which formed the subclass 225.8.
Operations
Class 215
The class were used on all types of train; the main area of used was on the Eifel rail (Cologne to Trier) in the Lower Rhine and Baden-Wuerttemberg area down to Lake Constance.
One high-profile working in the 1980s was the D 216/217 "Austria-Express" ( from Klagenfurt via Graz/Krefeld to Amsterdam) between Krefeld central station (Hauptbahnhof Hbf.) and Arnhem, the Netherlands. The units with electric heating modifications (030 to 032) were used for this service.
The last scheduled working of the 215 series was on the DB Regio Hessen trains, which ended in April 2003. Afterwards some were kept on standby for the DB Regio Rheinland Regionalbahn trains.
In June 2003 transfer of the sub-class 215.9 to DB AutoZug GmbH took place, many others having been sent previously to DB Cargo.
Class 215.9
This class were specifically used for the AutoZug (car ferry trains) between Niebüll and Westerland operated by DB AutoZug. The Class 215.9s work around the Sylt island ended in March 2008. Afterwards some were transferred for work around Chemnitz.
References
Further information
Allgemeine Infos - Baureihe 215 Class 215 - technical information, and individual locomotive statistics.
Diesel locomotives of Germany
215
B-B locomotives
Henschel locomotives
Krupp locomotives
Krauss-Maffei locomotives
MaK locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1968
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Diesel-hydraulic locomotives of Germany
Mixed traffic locomotives
Guy Robert Russell (born 28 September 1967) is an English former professional footballer and manager who played in the Football League for Birmingham City and Carlisle United. He played as a centre forward.
Life and career
Russell was born in Shirley, West Midlands. As a junior, he played for Knowle North Star before joining Birmingham City as a YTS trainee in 1984. He turned professional two years later. He made his debut as a 17-year-old, on 19 March 1985, playing 90 minutes as Des Bremner's deputy in a Second Division game at home to Manchester City which finished goalless. He made one substitute appearance in the following season in the First Division, and spent the latter part of the 1987–88 season on loan at Carlisle United, where his two goals from 12 games failed to prevent the club's relegation from the Third Division. Russell made another ten first-team appearances for Birmingham, but failed to score despite being a regular scorer in the junior teams, and in April 1989 he moved to Finland to play for Kemin Palloseura. Following their relegation, he returned to England and joined Moor Green of the Southern League.
Russell was to remain with Moor Green for eleven years, and captained the team. In April 1999, by which time he had 135 goals from 430 appearances in all competitions, he was awarded a testimonial match between a Birmingham City All-Stars team and their Middlesbrough counterparts. Manager Bob Faulkner later described him as "one of the Moor Green greats".
In 2000 Russell joined Solihull Borough as a player, later becoming assistant manager and in March 2004 taking over as manager. After nearly a year in post, Russell resigned, citing the time commitment and the frustration involved in managing a club unable to compete financially.
References
1967 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Solihull
English footballers
Association football forwards
Knowle F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Carlisle United F.C. players
Kemi City F.C. players
Moor Green F.C. players
Solihull Borough F.C. players
English Football League players
Southern Football League players
English football managers
English expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Finland
The Looney Tunes Hall of Fame is a 1991 feature film compilation of 15 classic animated short subjects from the Warner Bros. studio. The line-up of cartoons included in this anthology were A Wild Hare (1940), Birdy and the Beast (1944), Bugs Bunny Rides Again (1948), Rabbit Seasoning (1952), Feed the Kitty (1952), One Froggy Evening (1955), Duck Amuck (1953), Another Froggy Evening (1995), Fast and Furry-ous (1949), Ali Baba Bunny (1957), Knighty Knight Bugs (1958), High Diving Hare (1949), Bully for Bugs (1953) and Rabbit of Seville (1950). The Looney Tunes Hall of Fame offered audiences an opportunity to see the cartoons in a 35mm theatrical presentation.
References
1991 films
1991 animated films
Bugs Bunny films
Daffy Duck films
Porky Pig films
Looney Tunes films
Warner Bros. animated films
Animated anthology films
Compilation films
1990s American animated films
1990s English-language films
Eymir, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Václav Nejtek (23 September 1899 – 26 August 1958) was a Czech sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1899 births
1958 deaths
20th-century Czech sculptors
20th-century male artists
Czech male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Beastars is a manga that takes place in a world of modern, civilized, anthropomorphic animals with a cultural divide between carnivores and herbivores. The series takes its name from the in-universe rank of Beastar, an individual of great talent, service, and notoriety. The sory focuses on the gray wolf Legoshi as he deals with his attraction to the rabbit Haru. Paru Itagaki launched the manga in Akita Shoten's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion on September 8, 2016.
The manga is licensed for English release in North America by Viz Media. In the 10th issue of 2019 of Weekly Shōnen Champion, it was announced that Beastars would get an anime television series adaptation animated by CG studio Orange.
In a September 2019 interview with Spanish website Ramen Para Dos, Itagaki stated that the manga would have "at most twenty volumes." In a January 2020 chapter's author's note Itagaki commented that the "end is in sight". The series finished with its 196th chapter on October 8, 2020. Akita Shoten has compiled its chapters into individual tankōbon volumes. The first volume was released on January 6, 2017. The 22nd and final volume was released on January 8, 2021.
During their panel at Anime NYC 2018, Viz Media announced that they have licensed the manga. The first volume was released on July 16, 2019.
Volume list
References
Beastars
Four Pillars of Basement is a 2015 Indian Hindi psychological thriller film directed by Girish Naik and produced by Gautam Bafana & Pravin Chudasama. The film stars Dilzan Wadia, Bruna Abdullah, Alia Singh and Shawar Ali in leading roles and was released on 6 November 2015.
Plot
On the night of Diwali, Riya (Aliya Singh) gets locked down in the basement of her office. She finds help in the form of Samir (Dilzan Wadia) who works as a security guard there, but soon comes to realize that Samir is not there to help her find a way out.
Production
Fair Deal Studios is producing the film. Song performances were filmed in Goa with the lead actors of the film. "Rehamo Karam" is a song shot in Goa and over a schedule of 15 days. "Tu Hai Gazab Soniye", starring Dilzan and Bruna, was shot in Baroda at the Dynamite lounges. Another major shooting schedule of the film was held in Surat at Rahul Raj mall, Baroda at K10 mall. Dilzan Wadia will launch 11-year-old singer Jayalakshmi.
Four Pillars of Basement is written by Rajan Safri (US), directed by Giresh Naik K and produced by Gautam Bafana and Pravin Chudasama. Javed Ali and Mudassir Ali have sung songs for the film and music is composed by Anurag Mohn.
Cast
Dillzan wadia as Samir
Bruna Abdullah as Bruna
Aliya Singh as Riya
Zakir Hussain as DSP
Shawar Ali as Jiju
Imran Khan as Bhai
Anant Jao as Sir
Ehasan Khan as Rodrigues
Ravi Gadariya as Kal
Soundtrack
The soundtrack of Four Pillars of Basement consists of four songs composed by Mudasir Ali and Anurag Mohn, the lyrics of which have been written by Avinash Jaiswar, Pratyush Prakash and Shailey Bidwaiker.
Critical reception
Renuka Vyavahare of The Times of India gave the film a rating of 0.5 out of 5 and said that, "The film is a blatant scene-to-scene copy of Hollywood thriller P2 (2007). While the original film was mediocre itself, it seems remarkable compared to this one." Johnson Thomas of The Free Press Journal criticized the film saying that, "There's little logic in the interplay and much less in the premeditated convolutions in the story telling that leads up to a suspect ending." Rajesh Kumar Singh of Bollywood Trade gave the film a rating of 0 out of 5 and said that, "The film seems to have been made to showcase the histrionic prowess of Dillzan Wadia who hams all the way to ignominy and ridicule. It's an unimaginatively directed, written, photographed and edited film."
References
External links
2015 films
2010s Hindi-language films
Indian psychological thriller films
Ernest W. "Trip" Kuehne III (born June 20, 1972) is an American amateur golfer. He is most remembered for his defeat at the hands of Tiger Woods in the 1994 U.S. Amateur, and his subsequent refusal to turn professional in favor of a successful amateur career.
Early achievements
Kuehne was born in Dallas, Texas. As a pupil at Highland Park High School in Dallas, he was coached by Hank Haney, who later gained renown as Tiger Woods' swing coach after Woods and Butch Harmon split in 2002. Under Haney's tutelage he won back-to-back Texas high school golf championships, an achievement shared with Justin Leonard, Ben Crenshaw and Tom Kite.
At college, he enrolled at Arizona State University, where he was the roommate of Phil Mickelson. He then transferred to Oklahoma State University, where he was All-American from 1994 to 1996 and won the 1995 Ben Hogan Award. But following his defeat at the 1994 U.S. Amateur, Kuehne found he was unwilling to make the sacrifices demanded in a professional golfer's life, and concentrated instead on a career in finance after graduating with an MBA in 1997.
1994 U.S. Amateur and subsequent career
In 1994, Kuehne reached the final of the U.S. Amateur at the TPC at Sawgrass, where his opponent was a heavily hyped eighteen-year-old Tiger Woods. After shooting 66 in the morning round, Kuehne had a six-hole advantage, and was five up with twelve holes remaining. Woods then staged the greatest turnaround in the tournament's 94-year history, winning five of the next ten holes before sinking a fifteen-foot putt on the seventeenth to win the event in what was described as "one of golf's great performances". The defeat caused Kuehne to question his own commitment to the sport and whether he really was good enough to compete. He has since said that he views the match a "blessing in disguise," although he says that he still will not watch footage of the match.
Kuehne played in three Walker Cup teams for the United States, in 1995, 2003, and 2007. He also played in four U.S. Opens, where he was the lowest scoring amateur in 2003 at Olympia Fields Country Club. Thirteen years after his Masters Tournament debut as runner-up to Woods, he returned to the Augusta National Golf Club in 2008, this time by beating Dan Whitaker 9&7 at the 2007 U.S. Mid-Amateur Championship at Bandon Dunes Golf Resort in Oregon to qualify. The fulfillment of his ambition to "take my boy to the Masters", along with his other 2007 successes—he was on the winning Walker Cup team for the first time, and helped Texas retain the USGA state team title—led him to make Augusta the scene of his final competitive tournament before retirement.
At age 49, Kuehne entered a few amateur tournaments with an intent to participate in qualifying for major tournaments as he will have reached eligibility for the senior amateur and professional championships in 2022 when he turns 50.
Personal life
Kuehne is the eldest child of Ernest W. "Ernie" Kuehne, Jr. and ex-wife Pam Kuehne. His father is a successful lawyer and businessman who says he was a hard-driving parent: "I don't think my kids are competitive by accident." All three children have won U.S. Golf Association championships, a unique feat in the organization's history. His sister Kelli scored back-to-back victories at the U.S. Women's Amateur in 1995 and 1996 before turning pro in 1998, while brother Hank, before joining the PGA Tour in 1999, won the 1998 U.S. Amateur with Trip as his caddie.
He lives with wife Dusti and son Will in Irving, Texas, and owns his own Dallas-based investment management company, Double Eagle Capital, which he started in 2005 after working as a hedge fund manager for Legg Mason. His home club is the Vaquero Club at Westlake, Texas.
Results in major championships
Note: Kuehne only played in the Masters and the U.S. Open.
LA = Low amateur
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
U.S. national team appearances
Amateur
Walker Cup: 1995, 2003, 2007 (winners)
Eisenhower Trophy: 2006
References
External links
Results and stats on PGA Tour's official site
Player biography, 2007 U.S. Open Championship
American male golfers
Amateur golfers
Oklahoma State Cowboys golfers
Golfers from Dallas
People from Irving, Texas
1972 births
Living people
Margaret of Brandenburg (1410 – 27 July 1465, Landshut) was a Princess of Brandenburg by birth and through successive marriages Duchess of Mecklenburg, Duchess of Bavaria-Ingolstadt and Countess of Waldenfels.
Margaret was a daughter of Elector Frederick I of Brandenburg (1371–1440) from his marriage to Elisabeth of Bavaria-Landshut (1383–1442 ), daughter of Duke Frederick of Bavaria-Landshut. Margaret's brothers were Frederick II and Albert III Achilles, who successively ruled Brandenburg.
She married in 1423 Duke Albert V of Mecklenburg, but he died shortly after his marriage, even before they could begin living together. Margaret received as dowry Dömitz and Gorlosen from her father.
On 20 July 1441 Margaret married Louis VIII of Bavaria-Ingolstadt (1403–1445), to secure peace in the land. Through this marriage, Louis regained possessions he had lost to Elector Frederick I during the Bavarian War of 1420–1422. Two children were born of this marriage. Both, however, died young.
In 1446, finally, Margaret secretly married her tutor, Count Martin of Waldenfels (d. 1471). This relationship has been incorporated into the tragedy Louis the Bearded by Georg Köberle, published in 1844.
References and sources
Footnotes
15th-century German people
House of Hohenzollern
House of Wittelsbach
1410 births
1465 deaths
German countesses
German duchesses
15th-century German women
Vanadzor State University named after Hovhannes Tumanyan (VSU) (), is a public university in Vanadzor, Lori Province, Armenia. With 5 faculties, it is the largest university in the Lori Province. It provides degrees in Philology, History and Geography, Pedagogy, Biology and Chemistry, and Physics and Mathematics. Currently, more than 2,400 students are attending the university.
Overview
Originally, the Faculty of Pedagogy in Vanadzor was founded on 9 July 1969 as part of the Armenian State Pedagogical University. In 1982, the Faculty of Physics and Mathematics of the Yerevan State University-Vanadzor branch was opened.
On 30 April 2014, by the decision of the Government of Armenia, the educational institutions of Vanadzor were restructured to form the Vanadzor State University named after Hovhannes Tumanyan.
The current rector of the university is Rostom Sahakyan.
Faculties
Currently, the university has the following structure:
Faculty of Philology
Section of Armenian Language
Section of Literature
Section of Russian Language
Section of Foreign Languages
Faculty of History and Geography
Section of History
Section of Philosophy and Political Science
Section of the Theory of Economics
Faculty of Pedagogy
Section of Pedagogy
Section of Psychology and Sociology
Section of Art
Faculty of Biology and Chemistry
Section of Biology, Physiology and Medical Science
Section of Chemistry
Section of PE Theory and Methodology
Faculty of Physics and Mathematics
Section of Physics
Section of Mathematics and Methodology
Section of IT and Economical Methods and Modeling
Notable alumni
Tovmas Poghosyan (1954-), prominent Armenia folk music performer.
References
Universities in Armenia
Educational institutions established in 1969
1969 establishments in Armenia
Katarina Vilioni (died 1342) was one of the first Europeans known to have resided in China. She was apparently a member of a Genoese trading family that lived in Yangzhou during the mid-14th century.
Vilioni is known through her tombstone, which was rediscovered at Yangzhou in 1951. It suggests that Vilioni died in 1342 and was the daughter of a man named Domenico Vilioni.
Historical background
The early presence of Europeans at Yangzhou may have been linked to the silk trade and a reported sojourn there, during the 1280s, by Marco Polo, who was said to have served the Chinese emperor in an official position at Yangzhou.
Members of the Franciscan order were apparently established at Yangzhou before 1322, when Odoric de Pordenone visited and resided among Franciscans there.
The existence of the tombstone suggests that, by the time Vilioni died, there was a well-established community originating from the Italian peninsula in the city.
Tombstone
The tombstone, which is inscribed in an upper-case Lombardic Latin script, reads:
''
("In the name of the Lord, amen. Here lies Caterina daughter of the deceased lord Domenico de Vilionis, who died in A.D. 1342, in the month of June.")
Vilioni's tombstone also carries a depiction of the martyrdom of Saint Catherine of Alexandria. As such, it may represent the oldest surviving Roman Catholic artefact in China. (Older Christian monuments in China are the work of the Nestorian Church of the East. Odoric de Pordenone also mentions the existence, in 1322, of three Nestorian churches in Yangzhou.)
The tombstone was rediscovered in 1951 by members of the People's Liberation Army, among material that had been used to build ramparts at Yangzhou.
Later research
The Vilioni family of Yangzhou has been linked to a named Pietro Vilioni, who in 1264 was involved in trade at Tabriz (in modern Iran).
Following the rediscovery of Katarina Vilioni's tombstone, a smaller plaque was discovered in Yangzhou, with an inscription mentioning the death in November 1344 of an Antonio Vilioni, who was also a son of Domenico Vilioni.
The surname Vilioni may have been a precursor or variant of the later surname Ilioni. The medieval scholar Robert Lopez has suggested that the Domenico Vilioni of Yangzhou was a man named "Domenico Ilioni", who in 1348 was mentioned in records kept by the city of Genoa. The Genoese records state that Domenico Ilioni mentioned in relation to a merchant named Jacopo de Oliverio, who was said to have lived in the "Kingdom of Cathay" (China), where he had multiplied his capital fivefold.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Silk Road
Chinese people of Italian descent
1342 deaths
Year of birth unknown
People from Yangzhou
Yuan dynasty people
1951 archaeological discoveries
Camp MacArthur (or Camp McArthur, also known as Fort MacArthur) was an American military training base in Waco, Texas during World War I. It was named for General Arthur MacArthur, Jr. on July 18, 1917.
Location
Camp MacArthur was located on a 10,699-acre tract of land in northwest Waco, Texas. On March 7, 1919, the camp closed and the land was encompassed into the city of Waco.
History
Shortly after the United States declared war on Germany in 1917, Waco was chosen as a site for a military training camp. 10,700 acres of cotton fields and black land farms were chosen as the site for construction. Camp MacArthur began its $5 million construction on July 20, 1917.
The cite was named for Lt. Gen Arthur MacArthur who was a Medal of Honor recipient and fought in two American wars. In September 1917, 18,000 troops arrived at Camp MacArthur. Most of those soldiers were from Wisconsin and Michigan, so their arrival boosted the Waco population. Even though Camp MacArthur was built to hold about 45,000 troops, no more than 28,000 ever lived inside the compound.
Within the camp was an officer's training school, demobilization facility, and an infantry replacement and training camp, as well as a hospital, administrative offices, and a tent camp. Loretta Johnston, who was a nurse at Camp MacArthur, wrote of the hospital. She described it as "very pleasing to the eye" and a "pleasant place for [the] sick and convalescent soldiers. The Thirty-Second (Red Arrow) division based at Camp MacArthur participated in combat in France in 1918. Between 1917 and 1919, 45,074 soldiers were stationed at Camp MacArthur, nearly doubling the town's population and boosting the area's wartime economy. After the close of the camp, some of its materials were used to build United States-Mexican border stations. After the War's conclusion, many soldiers returned to Waco. Some of the materials were used to build neighborhoods in Waco.
References
Closed installations of the United States Army
Military facilities in Texas
Louis Edouard Deveau (O.C, O.N.S, P.ENG, L.L.D. - Hon.) is a Canadian businessman and the founder of Acadian Seaplants Limited. He served as the Chancellor of Université Sainte-Anne in Pointe-de-l'Église, Nova Scotia from 2006 to November 2011.
Life and career
Born in Salmon River, Nova Scotia, Canada, Louis Deveau later founded Acadian Seaplants Limited, a science- and research-based company with global reach and impact. His parents were Marie Madeline (née Deveau) and Alphonse Joseph, the village blacksmith. Deveau was educated at Université Ste. Anne, Saint Mary's University, and Nova Scotia Technical College, now the engineering school at Dalhousie University. All three of these universities would later award him Honorary Degrees, and in 2003, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 2004. In 2013, the Ordre de la Francophonie recognized his lifelong contribution to French language education and culture in Canada when it named him as a member of L'Ordre de la Pléiade.
In 1980, at the age of 49, Deveau founded Acadian Seaplants from his son's bedroom at the family home in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia. By 2021, the company was exporting products to more than 80 countries worldwide, employing scientists in dozens of nations. It also operated harvesting, manufacturing and research facilities in Canada, the United States, Ireland, Scotland, and England. Deveau's success was anchored in research and innovation, an approach born of his view that a small Canadian company could never thrive against low-cost producers in what he saw as a commodity business.
Under Deveau's leadership, Acadian Seaplants developed two innovative seaweed product lines – agricultural bio-stimulants (or extracts) manufactured at a facility in Cornwallis Nova Scotia, and seaweed vegetables grown for the demanding Japanese food market. The product for Japan was grown at a pioneering 100-acre land-based cultivation site at Charlesville, Nova Scotia. Deveau is widely respected for sponsoring leading-edge science that proved the effectiveness of seaweed extracts as agriculture bio-stimulants, and for showing that proof to the market by way of peer-reviewed publications in academic journals.
Prior to founding Acadian Seaplants, Deveau worked as a senior executive at Marine Colloids of Rockland, Maine, where he turned around the company's struggling operations in Mexico and the Philippines. In the 1960s, as an employee of Canada's Department of Fisheries and Oceans, he was a driving force behind the creation and development of the East Coast crab fishery, now the second most lucrative fishery in Atlantic Canada.
Today, Deveau (now 90) is still active in the day-to-day operations of Acadian Seaplants, where he serves as Chairman. His son Jean-Paul Deveau is the company's President and CEO.
Personal
Louis Deveau, a passionate supporter of Acadian culture, grew up at a time when the Nova Scotia public education system operated exclusively in English. Deveau and his wife Fedora (née Robichaud), who celebrated their 64th anniversary in 2021, both became strong advocates of French-language education in Nova Scotia and across Canada.
Today, French immersion streams are offered to students across Nova Scotia, and French-language education is also available in major centres and many Acadian areas of the province. (The five Deveau children - Jean-Paul, Louise, Nicole, Monique and Michelle - were born between 1958 and 1968, at a time when primary school education was still offered in English only.)
Louis Deveau became a lifelong patron of French-language education in Canada and Nova Scotia. He served as Chancellor of his alma mater Université Sainte-Anne between 2006 and 2011, as well as serving on its board. Today, he still acts as a trusted advisor to university president Allister Surette, who credits Deveau with helping transform the former Catholic institution into a progressive, business-friendly 21st Century university. The university's Louis E. Deveau Entrepreneurship Centre was named in his honour. In 1997, Deveau also agreed to serve as the first chairman of the independent board of the Collège de l'Acadie. Louis and Fedora Deveau also supported dozens of Acadian festivals and events over the years, none more important to them than the Acadian Festival in the District of Clare, where they both grew up.
References
1931 births
Living people
Canadian university and college chancellors
Officers of the Order of Canada
Margaret Wynne Nevinson (née Jones) (11 January 1858 – 8 June 1932) was a British suffrage campaigner.
Nevinson was one of the suffragettes who split from the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU) in 1907 to form the Women's Freedom League (WFL). She wrote many articles for the WFL journal, The Vote, and also wrote many suffrage pamphlets including A History of the Suffrage Movement: 1908-1912, Ancient Suffragettes and The Spoilt Child and the Law. Nevinson was also the first woman Justice of the Peace in London as well as serving as a Poor Law Guardian.
Early life
Nevinson was born Margaret Wynne Jones at Vicarage House, Lower Church Gate, Leicester, on 11 January 1858, the daughter of the Revd Timothy Jones (c.1813–1873/4) and his wife, Mary Louisa (c.1830–1888). Her father, vicar of St Margaret's Church, Leicester, was a classical scholar who taught her Latin and Greek alongside her five brothers. Her mother had more traditional notions of appropriate pursuits for her only daughter. A brief, unhappy spell in an Oxford Anglican convent school was followed by finishing school in Paris.
The unexpected death of her father increased Margaret's wish to live independently. She tried governessing, then went to Cologne as a pupil teacher in a professor's family. In the early 1880s she became a classics mistress at South Hampstead High School, London. She also studied for examinations in Education, German, and Latin, becoming one of 63 women who gained the title and diploma of Lady Literate in Arts in 1882 from St Andrews University. Between 1882-3 she took a further course of lectures in English given by Henry Morley at University College London.
Marriage
On 18 April 1884 in London Margaret married childhood friend, the journalist Henry Woodd Nevinson (1856–1941). They spent a year in Germany, Henry studying at University of Jena while Margaret resumed teaching English. Their daughter (Mary) Philippa, who became a talented musician, was born in Germany. After returning to London (encouraged by Samuel and Henrietta Barnett) they moved to workmen's flats in Whitechapel. Margaret taught French evening classes at Toynbee Hall and helped with St Jude's Girls' Club. She then became a rent collector in artisans' dwellings.
In 1887 the Nevinsons moved to Hampstead. Their son, born in August 1889, was the artist Christopher Richard Wynne Nevinson. His autobiography describes growing up as part of the Hampstead intelligentsia. His mother was "always a pioneer", from her shingled hair and hatred of lace curtains to her espousal of modern art, European outlook, and commitment to social justice (C. R. W. Nevinson, 6).
In 1901 the Nevinsons bought a house in Downside Crescent, Haverstock Hill, where Margaret lived for the rest of her life. By now Margaret and Henry's lives were running along separate grooves, not least because of the latter's night newspaper work. Henry also became a war correspondent so was frequently away for months. The marriage suffered though they never formally separated.
Employment and activism
Margaret was a school manager for 25 years, initially for the London School Board in the East End, then for London County Council (north St Pancras).
In 1904 she became a Hampstead poor-law guardian, determined to root out inefficiency and expose anomalies, particularly where they affected poor women. Her greatest contribution was probably not so much through the weekly meetings she attended so regularly as in publicizing the problems of the poor law. She did this through talks to women's suffrage groups, articles, and stories. In 1918 she published twenty-six tales known as Workhouse Characters. These included one story which had earlier been turned into a one-act play called In the Workhouse. Gender-specific legislation discriminating against married women was increasingly the focus of Margaret's writings whether through pamphlets such as The Legal Wrongs of Women (Women's Freedom League, 1923) or via her thinly disguised autobiographical stories, Fragments of Life (1922).
An early trainee in massage, Margaret treated wounded Belgian soldiers during World War I. Although she had refused to speak on behalf of parties or causes other than suffrage prior to gaining the vote, once enfranchised she supported the Liberal Party. She also lectured on the League of Nations and became a vice-president of the Women's Peace Crusade. In 1927 she was elected to the committee of the Society of Women Journalists.
Her most significant post-war public service was, however, as a pioneer female justice of the peace. Nominated by the WFL, in June 1920 she became the first woman in London to adjudicate at criminal petty sessions. With her experience and self-confessed 'passion for justice' and "devotion to logic" (M. W. Nevinson, 254), she again played a crucial role in Hampstead's affairs. She also visited the United States to study the American probationary system. In 1921 she was one of three women appointed to the Lord Chancellor's London county justices advisory committee.
In the Workhouse (1911)
Performed in 1911 in the Kingsway Theatre, In the Workhouse was one of the most controversial plays produced by Edy Craig's Pioneer Players as part of a triple bill with Chris St. John's The First Actress and Cicely Hamilton's Jack and Jill and A Friend (King's Hall, 1911). It is an exposé of the iniquities of the Coverture Act, which decreed that a married woman had no separate legal existence from her husband and therefore meant that if her husband entered - or left - the workhouse, she and her children were obliged to go with him.
Set in a workhouse ward, where a group of mothers, married and unmarried, look after their children, it exposes the contradictions of a system where Penelope, a respectable, secure, mother of five and unmarried is freer than respectable Mrs Cleaver who returns from her appeal to the Board of Guardians to announce that legally she has no right to leave the workhouse, even though she has work to go to and a home available for herself and her children.
The play, with its refusal to condemn vice and the unmarried mother, was either condemned for offensiveness or acclaimed for its importance. The Pall Mall Gazette compared it to the work of Eugène Brieux "which plead for reform by painting a terrible, and perhaps overcharged, picture of things as they are... Such is the power of the dramatic pamphlet, sincerely written and sincerely acted. There is nothing to approach it in directness and force. It sweeps all mere prettiness into oblivion."
Two years after the play was produced, the law was changed in large measure due to Margaret's and other suffragists' campaigns.
The play was revived in 1979 by Mrs Worthington's Daughters, a feminist theatre company, directed by Julie Holledge in a double-bill with Susannah Cibber's The Oracle (1752).
Role in the suffrage movement
Margaret joined a number of women's suffrage groups including the WSPU. A committed Christian, she was a member of the Church League for Women's Suffrage, spoke for the Cymric Suffrage Union (her father, originally from Lampeter, was a Welsh speaker) and was treasurer of the Women Writers' Suffrage League. Her main commitment was, however, to the Women's Freedom League (WFL). She was a founder member in 1907, became treasurer of the Hampstead branch and was widely known as a witty speaker with a good stock of stories. She frequently invoked classical and biblical themes to illustrate points. She participated in passive resistance such as the suffrage picket outside parliament, and refusing to pay taxes. Margaret also published pamphlets through the Women's Freedom League including Ancient Suffragettes (1911) and Five Years Struggle for Freedom: a History of the Suffrage Movement (1908-1912).
Margaret's husband was also active in the suffrage movement, becoming a founder of the Men's Political Union for Women's Enfranchisement for which he wrote at least one dramatic sketch.
Final years and death
Margaret's autobiography was published in 1926. Her final years were lonely ones, plagued by depression. She died of kidney failure at her Hampstead home, 4 Downside Crescent, on 8 June 1932. She was buried on 11 June at St Stephen's Church, Rosslyn Hill, London.
After Margaret's death her husband remarried, to her close friend and prominent suffragist, Evelyn Sharp.
See also
List of suffragists and suffragettes
Women's Freedom League
References
External links
Spartacus article on Margaret Nevinson
1858 births
1932 deaths
British suffragists
English tax resisters
Women of the Victorian era
A list of Rugby Football League seasons since its inception as the Northern Rugby Football Union in 1895:
Seasons
External links
Rugby Football League official website
Super League official website
Seasons
Seasons
The Madre de aguas (Mother of water), also known as Magüi, this is a mythical creature in the folklore of Cuba.
The legends say that the Madre de aguas is a giant boa snake very large and wide with the thickness of a palm tree, has two extrusions similar to horns in the frontal region of his head, and is covered in scales thick and distributed inversely as present in other boa snakes, which is impenetrable to bullets.
It is said that it inhabits rivers and lakes, which never dry out while it lives there. Madre de aguas never dies, and anyone who tries to kill or capture it dies. It also is said to be a fearsome animal that when hungry could completely engulf a calf.
References
Dr. Jesús Guanche Pérez. Etnicidad cubana y seres míticos populares. Portal de la cultura de América Latina y el Caribe. (in Spanish)
Caribbean legendary creatures
Legendary serpents
Cuban culture
Poinsett County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 24,583. The county seat is Harrisburg.
Poinsett County is included in the Jonesboro–Paragould Combined Statistical Area.
History
Poinsett County was formed on February 28, 1838, and named for Joel Roberts Poinsett, U.S. Secretary of War. County business was initially conducted in the county judge's home until first court was held in Bolivar, upon completion of a courthouse in 1839. County government was moved in 1859 to Harrisburg, a more central locale designated as the new county seat. Poinsett County acquired its current boundaries in the years following this change, as portions were assigned to newly organized counties.
The northern portion became Craighead County, and the south portion became Cross County. Sunken lands were added to eastern Poinsett County during this time, including Lepanto and Marked Tree.
The Civil War devastated the county financially. It did not recover until the railroads were constructed into the area, giving farmers a new avenue to market their crops, and the timber industry developed. The Texas and St. Louis Railway Company completed track through Weiner and the St. Louis and Iron Mountain Railway ran through the center of the county in 1882. The Kansas City, Ft. Scott, and Gulf Railroad opened service in east Poinsett County the following year. Shipping timber had become feasible and was undertaken throughout northeast Arkansas following the completion of railroads. Farmers used the railroads to ship their cotton and farm animals to new markets. Many small railroad towns boomed during this period. Despite this uplift, the county's population mostly consisted of poor sharecroppers and tenant farmers, with an elite class of white landowners.
Poinsett County was the hardest hit county by the Great Mississippi Flood of 1927, which flooded thousands of fields and destroyed homes countywide. The Southern Tenant Farmers Union was founded in 1935 in Tyronza during the Great Depression. The organization was an interracial union to improve the pay and working conditions of poor sharecroppers. It met violent resistance from white planters, with union leaders and members attacked and some killed throughout its areas of organizing in Arkansas and Mississippi. The Southern Tenant Farmers Union Museum in Tyronza is operated by Arkansas State University.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water. Located in Arkansas's northeast corner, the county is bisected by Crowley's Ridge and the L'Anguille River which both pass north–south through the county. The soils in the eastern part of the county have been deposited by the Mississippi River and are mostly used for cotton farming. Western Poinsett County is generally dedicated to rice fields. Lake Poinsett State Park is centrally located within the county.
Major highways
Interstate 555
U.S. Highway 49
U.S. Highway 63
Highway 1
Highway 14
Highway 18
Highway 69
Highway 75
Highway 118
Highway 135
Highway 136
Highway 140
Highway 149
Highway 158
Highway 163
Highway 198
Highway 214
Highway 308
Highway 322
Highway 373
Highway 463
Adjacent counties
Craighead County (north)
Mississippi County (east)
Crittenden County (southeast)
Cross County (south)
Jackson County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 22,965 people, 9,526 households, and 6,710 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 25,614 people, 10,026 households, and 7,228 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 11,051 housing units at an average density of 15 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 90.98% White, 7.13% Black or African American, 0.23% Native American, 0.16% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.74% from other races, and 0.75% from two or more races. 1.43% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 10,026 households, out of which 32.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.60% were married couples living together, 13.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.90% were non-families. 24.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.10% under the age of 18, 8.90% from 18 to 24, 27.10% from 25 to 44, 23.70% from 45 to 64, and 14.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,558, and the median income for a family was $32,257. Males had a median income of $26,633 versus $19,199 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,087. About 17.60% of families and 21.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.60% of those under age 18 and 20.50% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Poinsett County generally voted Democratic until, in 2008, it voted Republican for only the third time in the past century; in the four elections since then it has also gone Republican.
Education
Public education
Early childhood, elementary and secondary education is available from four school districts listed from largest to smallest based on student population:
Trumann School District based in Trumann with four facilities serving more than 1,600 students.
Harrisburg School District based in Harrisburg with five facilities and serving more than 1,300 students.
East Poinsett County School District based in Lepanto with three facilities serving more than 750 students.
Marked Tree School District based in Marked Tree with three facilities serving more than 650 students.
Libraries
Poinsett County is served with central and branch libraries from two library systems, the Crowley Ridge Regional Library System and Trumann Library System.
Communities
Cities
Fisher
Harrisburg (county seat)
Lepanto
Marked Tree
Trumann
Tyronza
Weiner
Town
Waldenburg
Census-designated place
Payneway
Rivervale
Unincorporated communities
Greenfield
Townships
Boliver (Harrisburg)
Dobson
Greenfield
Greenwood (Lepanto)
Little River (Marked Tree)
Lunsford
Owen (Fisher, Waldenburg)
Scott
Tyronza (Tyronza)
West Prairie (Weiner)
Willis (Trumann)
See also
Arkansas Highway 308 (1973–1979), former state highway southwest of Marked Tree
List of lakes in Poinsett County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Poinsett County, Arkansas
References
External links
Poinsett County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
1838 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1838
Jonesboro metropolitan area
Jonesboro-Paragould Combined Statistical Area
Kei Lun Wai () is a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Kei Lun Wai is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy. It is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Kei Lun Wai is part of the Po Tin constituency.
History
Archaeological deposits in Siu Hang Tsuen and Kei Lun Wai were discovered in 1997 during a survey carried out by a team from Zhongshan University. The findings indicated occupation of the area from the Song, Ming and Qing periods.
See also
Kei Lun stop
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Kei Lun Wai (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Antiquities Advisory Board. Historic Building Appraisal. Nos. 15-17, Row 4, Kei Lun Wai Pictures
Villages in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
The National Barrier Asset is a modular fence system established in 2004 by the British government to provide UK police forces with a capability to deploy temporary specialist protective security barriers to protect high profile locations or temporary events, such as political party conferences, from vehicle borne suicide attacks.
The fence is about high. It is designed to meet the British government's PAS 68 specifications and therefore is able to withstand an impact from a 7.5-tonne vehicle travelling at . It is managed and stored in an undisclosed location on behalf of the Home Office by Sussex Police, and is capable of being deployed in central London within three to four hours.
In 2008 the size of the National Barrier Asset was tripled to meet expected demands. It came to prominence for the 2014 NATO Summit, when it was erected around the Celtic Manor in Newport and in parts of Cardiff. In June 2015 it was announced that around 2 miles (4 kilometres) of the asset would be sent to Calais to help prevent illegal immigration to the United Kingdom. In 2017, Police Scotland deployed the asset in Edinburgh ahead of the Fringe festival. The assets have also been deployed regularly in various UK cities as a protective measure at European style Christmas markets.
References
Fences
Security
Illegal immigration to the United Kingdom
Government of the United Kingdom
The 1987 World Club Challenge (also known as the 1987 Foster's World Club Challenge due to sponsorship by brewers, Foster's) was only the second game of its kind to be played between Britain's and Australia's respective domestic rugby league champion clubs. Chairman of Britain's 1986–87 Rugby Football League season champions Wigan, Maurice Lindsay, invited Australia's 1987 NSWRL season premiers, the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles to Wigan for the game. After this memorable match, the World Club Challenge was decided to be made an official annual feature on the rugby league calendar.
Originally, Australian Rugby League boss and former long-time Manly club secretary Ken Arthurson proposed that regardless of the outcome, the prize money should be split evenly between the two clubs. However, Wigan chairman Maurice Lindsay convinced Arko and the Manly club that it should be "winner takes all" as it would give the players even more incentive to take the game seriously if there was a bigger money pool for the winners.
Background
Wigan
The 1986–87 Rugby Football League season was the 105th in the history of English club Wigan. Coached by Graham Lowe and captained by Ellery Hanley, they finished at the top of the 1986–87 Rugby Football League to claim the RFL Championship. They had also won the 1986–87 John Player Special Trophy. By the time of the 1987 World Club Challenge Wigan had already begun playing in the 1987–88 Rugby Football League season.
Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles
The 1987 NSWRL season was the 41st in the history of Australian club the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles. Coached by Bob Fulton and captained by Paul Vautin, they finished the regular season as minor premiers, then went on to win the 1987 NSWRL Grand Final against the Canberra Raiders on 27 September 1987 to claim the Premiership.
Match details
The match was played at 7:45pm on a dry Wednesday night, 7 October at the Central Park ground in Wigan. A crowd of 36,895 was in attendance for the game, though unofficial estimates from those present put the attendance as high as 50,000. The game atmosphere was electric throughout the entirety of the match. The game was refereed by RFL international referee John Holdsworth. Former four-time Manly premiership winning Graham Eadie, who at the time was playing in England with 1987 Challenge Cup winners Halifax, was on hand as a match commentator as was dual Manly premiership player (and captain of the 1978 team) and the skipper of the 1982 Invincibles, Max Krilich.
No tries were scored in what was a closely fought and, at times, spiteful encounter. Michael O'Connor opened the scoring for Manly with a successful penalty kick in only the second minute, which would turn out to be the only time the Sea Eagles scored. Tempers flared as the match went on, punctuated by more penalties and a few unsavoury incidents:
Manly forward Ron Gibbs became the first person to be sent off in a World Club Challenge match for illegal use of the elbow when taking out Joe Lydon high after he attempted a drop-goal;
An all-in brawl erupted after Dale Shearer was lifted in a tackle then started a punch-up in the ruck with Brian Case;
After taking Manly captain Paul Vautin over the touchline, a group of Wigan defenders went on to take him over the fence causing another all-in brawl;
Later, when Shearer brought down Lydon in defence, he appeared to step on the Great Britain international's head as he got up after making the tackle.
Amongst all of these incidents Wigan's David Stephenson kicked four penalty goals, which in the end would prove decisive. The score was 8 - 2 in favour of the home side as the final whistle blew, prompting the overjoyed Wigan supporters to flood onto the field to celebrate with the players.
In his biography The Strife and Times of Paul Vautin written by Mike Coleman and released in 1992, the Manly captain told that the Sea Eagles players were so convinced that they would beat Wigan after their Grand Final win over the Canberra Raiders and after the undefeated 1986 Kangaroo Tour, that they treated the trip to England more as a holiday than anything serious and continued celebrating their GF win while there. Vautin and the other Manly players believe that their poor attitude is what ultimately cost them the game. Wigan on the other hand, led by their Kiwi coach Graham Lowe and featuring 11 Great Britain and one New Zealand internationals (compared to 5 Australian and one New Zealand international for Manly), took the game very seriously with pride their main motivation after the Great Britain Lions had been humiliated by the Australian's with 4 straight 3-0 Ashes series losses since the disastrous 1979 Australasian tour and the popular belief that the NSWRL Premiership was superior to the RFL's.
References
External links
1987 World Club Challenge at wigan.rlfans.com
1987 World Club Challenge at rugbyleagueproject.com
World Club Challenge
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles matches
Wigan Warriors matches
World Club Challenge
World Club Challenge
1987 rugby league matches
Men's Downhill World Cup 1985/1986
Calendar
Final point standings
In Men's Downhill World Cup 1985/86 the best 5 results count. 15 racers had a point deduction, which are given in ().
References
External links
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup men's downhill discipline titles
Mikheil Makharadze () (born November 13, 1946) is a Georgian politician and historian of philosophy, who was the Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Autonomous Republic of Adjara from July 20, 2004, to October 28, 2012.
Education and academic career
Born in a teacher's family in the Khulo district, Adjara, an autonomous republic of then-Soviet Georgia, Makharadze graduated from the Tbilisi State University with a degree in philosophy in 1970. Since then he has been working for the Tbilisi-based Institute of Philosophy, now part of the Ilia State University. In 2000, he became a professor at the Tbilisi State University. He has published several works on the history of philosophy, particularly focusing on the Areopagite, medieval Georgian, and Renaissance philosophy. From 1986 to 2010, Makharadze oversaw the publication of a 4-volume history of the Georgian philosophical thought, for which he received the National Prize of Georgia (2011).
Political career
Makharadze was a regular contributor to the Georgian political press since the 1990s. In 2003, shortly after the Rose Revolution in Georgia, he co-founded and co-chaired the political movement chveni adjara ("Our Adjara"), which opposed the regime of the Adjarian strongman Aslan Abashidze. In February 2004 he became a member of the Parliament of Georgia and in June he was elected to the Supreme Council of Adjara, a regional legislature reelected after Abashidze's resignation. Makharadze was elected a chairman of the Supreme Council on July 20, 2004. He was the only candidate for this position as the other one, also a member of the anti-Abashidze movement, Koba Khabazi, had earlier withdrawn his nomination. He was reelected to this position on December 2, 2008. After the October 1, 2012 election, he was succeeded by Avtandil Beridze on October 28, 2012. Makharadze himself was elected to the Parliament of Georgia on a United National Movement ticket.
Personal life
Makharadze is married, with 4 children and 6 grandchildren. He has received several civil and academic awards, including the State Prize of Georgia (2004), Order of Honor of Georgia (2004), Order of Vakhtang Gorgasali, 1st Rank (2007), Shalva Nutsubidze Prize (2009), and Presidential Order of Excellence (2012).
References
1946 births
People from Batumi
Members of the Parliament of Georgia
Philosophers from Georgia (country)
20th-century historians from Georgia (country)
Living people
Historians of philosophy
Recipients of the Order of Honor (Georgia)
Prince George, Duke of Kent, (George Edward Alexander Edmund; 20 December 1902 – 25 August 1942) was a member of the British royal family, the fourth son of King George V and Queen Mary. He was a younger brother of kings Edward VIII and George VI.
Prince George served in the Royal Navy in the 1920s and then briefly as a civil servant. He became Duke of Kent in 1934. In the late 1930s he served as an RAF officer, initially as a staff officer at RAF Training Command and then, from July 1941, as a staff officer in the Welfare Section of the RAF Inspector General's Staff. He was killed in a military air-crash on 25 August 1942.
Early life
Prince George was born on 20 December 1902 at York Cottage on the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk, England. His father was the Prince of Wales (later King George V), the only surviving son of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra.
His mother was the Princess of Wales, later Queen Mary, the only daughter and eldest child of the Duke and Duchess of Teck. At the time of his birth, he was fifth in the line of succession to the throne, behind his father and three older brothers: Edward, Albert and Henry.
George was baptised in the Private Chapel at Windsor Castle on 26 January 1903 by Francis Paget, Bishop of Oxford.
Education and career
Prince George received his early education from a tutor and then followed his elder brother, Prince Henry, to St Peter's Court, a preparatory school at Broadstairs, Kent. At the age of 13, like his brothers, the Prince of Wales, later King Edward VIII and Prince Albert, later King George VI, before him; he went to naval college. First at Osborne and later, at Dartmouth. He was promoted to sub-lieutenant on 15 February 1924, and was promoted to lieutenant on 15 February 1926. He remained on active service in the Royal Navy until March 1929, serving on and later on the flagship of the Atlantic Fleet (renamed the Home Fleet in 1932), . He served on the latter as a lieutenant on the admiral's staff before transferring in 1928 to HMS Durban on the America and West Indies Station, based at the Royal Naval Dockyard at Bermuda; where his father had previously served on HMS Canada and HMS Thrush, as a watch-keeping Lieutenant.
After leaving the navy, he briefly held posts at the Foreign Office and later the Home Office, becoming the first member of the royal family to work as a civil servant. He continued to receive promotions after leaving active service: to commander on 15 February 1934 and to captain on 1 January 1937.
From January to April 1931, Prince George and his elder brother the Prince of Wales travelled 18,000 miles on a tour of South America. Their outward voyage was on the ocean liner . In Buenos Aires they opened a British Empire Exhibition. They continued from Río de la Plata to Rio de Janeiro on the liner and returned from Brazil to Europe on the liner , landing at Lisbon. The princes returned via Paris and an Imperial Airways flight from Paris–Le Bourget Airport that landed specially in Windsor Great Park.
On 23 June 1936, George was appointed a personal aide-de-camp to his eldest brother, the new king, Edward VIII. Following the abdication of Edward VIII, he was appointed a personal naval aide-de-camp to his elder brother, now George VI. On 12 March 1937, he was commissioned as a colonel in the British Army and in the equivalent rank of group captain in the Royal Air Force (RAF). He was also appointed as the Colonel-in-Chief of the Royal Fusiliers from the same date.
In October 1938 George was appointed Governor-General of Australia in succession to Lord Gowrie with effect from November 1939. On 11 September 1939 it was announced that, owing to the outbreak of the Second World War, the appointment was postponed.
On 8 June 1939, George was promoted to the ranks of rear admiral in the Royal Navy, major-general in the British Army and air vice-marshal in the Royal Air Force. At the start of the Second World War, George returned to active naval service with the rank of rear admiral, briefly serving in the Intelligence Division of the Admiralty.
He was patron of the Society for Nautical Research between 1926 and 1942.
Personal life
Marriage and children
On 12 October 1934, in anticipation of his forthcoming marriage to his second cousin, Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark, he was created Duke of Kent, Earl of St Andrews, and Baron Downpatrick. The couple married on 29 November 1934 at Westminster Abbey. The wedding was followed by a Greek ceremony in the private chapel at Buckingham Palace, which was converted into an Orthodox chapel for the ceremony. They had three children:
Prince Edward, Duke of Kent (9 October 1935). He married Katharine Worsley on 8 June 1961. They have three children.
Princess Alexandra, The Hon. Lady Ogilvy (25 December 1936). She married the Hon. Angus Ogilvy, son of David Ogilvy, 12th Earl of Airlie and Lady Alexandra Coke, on 24 April 1963. They had two children.
Prince Michael of Kent (4 July 1942). He married Baroness Marie Christine von Reibnitz on 30 June 1978. They have two children.
Relationships
There were rumours that he had affairs with musical star Jessie Matthews, writer Cecil Roberts, and Noël Coward, a relationship which Coward's long-term partner, Graham Payn, denied. While married, he had an affair with Margaret Whigham, later known as Margaret Campbell, Duchess of Argyll.
George was also rumoured to have been addicted to drugs, especially morphine and cocaine, an allegation which reputedly originated from his friendship with Kiki Preston (née Alice Gwynne, 1898–1946), whom he first met in the mid-1920s. Known as "the girl with the silver syringe" due to her addiction to heroin, Preston – a
cousin of railroad heiress Gloria Vanderbilt – was married first to Horace R. B. Allen and then, in 1925, to banker Jerome Preston. She died after jumping out of a window of the Stanhope Hotel in New York City.
Other alleged sexual liaisons include a ménage à trois with Preston and José Uriburu, bisexual son of Argentinean ambassador to the UK José Uriburu Tezanos.
In addition to his legitimate children, he was said to have had a son by Kiki Preston. According to the memoirs of a friend, Loelia, Duchess of Westminster, Prince George's brother, the Duke of Windsor, believed that the son was Michael Temple Canfield (1926–1969), the adopted son of American publisher Cass Canfield – and the first husband of Lee Radziwill, sister of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
Some authors have alleged that like his elder brother, Edward VIII, later the Duke of Windsor, he was a Nazi sympathiser with ties to Rudolf Hess but the claim has not been proven.
RAF career
As a young man the Duke came to the opinion that the future lay in aviation. It became his passion, and in 1929, the Duke earned his pilot's licence. He was the first of the royal family to cross the Atlantic Ocean by air. Before his flying days, he entered the Royal Navy, and was trained in intelligence work while stationed at Rosyth.
In March 1937, he was granted a commission in the Royal Air Force as a group captain. He was also made the Honorary Air Commodore of No. 500 (County of Kent) Squadron Auxiliary Air Force in August 1938. He was promoted to air vice-marshal in June 1939, along with promotions to flag and general officer rank in the other two services.
In 1939 he returned to active service as a rear admiral in the Royal Navy, but in April 1940, transferred to the Royal Air Force. He temporarily relinquished his rank as an air officer to assume the post of staff officer at RAF Training Command in the rank of group captain, so that he would not be senior to more experienced officers. On 28 July 1941, he assumed the rank of air commodore in the Welfare Section of the RAF Inspector General's Staff. In this role, he went on official visits to RAF bases to help boost wartime morale.
Freemasonry
Prince George was initiated into freemasonry on 12 April 1928 in Navy Lodge No 2612. He subsequently served as master of Navy Lodge in 1931, and was also a member of Prince of Wales's Lodge No 259, and Royal Alpha Lodge No 16, of which he served as master in 1940. He was appointed senior grand warden of the United Grand Lodge of England in 1933, and served as provincial grand master of Wiltshire from 1934, until he was elected grand master of the United Grand Lodge of England in 1939; a position he held until his death in 1942.
Death
On 25 August 1942, George and 14 others took off in a RAF Short Sunderland flying boat W4026 from Invergordon, Ross and Cromarty, to fly to Iceland on non-operational duties. The aircraft crashed on Eagle's Rock, a hillside near Dunbeath, Caithness, Scotland. George and all but one of the those on board were killed. He was 39 years old.
Lynn Picknett and Clive Prince have written about the crash in their book Double Standards, which, however, has been criticised for its "implausible inaccuracy".
They alleged that Kent had a briefcase full of 100 Swedish krona notes, worthless in Iceland, handcuffed to his wrist, leading to speculation the flight was a military mission to Sweden, the only place where Swedish notes were of value.
His death in RAF service marked the first time in more than 450 years that a member of the royal family died on active service. The prince's body was transferred initially to St. George's Chapel, Windsor, and he was buried in the Royal Burial Ground, Frogmore, directly behind Queen Victorias mausoleum. His elder son, six-year-old Prince Edward, succeeded him as Duke of Kent. Princess Marina, his wife, had given birth to their third child, Prince Michael, only seven weeks before Prince George's death.
One RAF crew member survived the crash: Flight Sergeant Andrew Jack, the Sunderland's rear gunner. Flight Sergeant Jack's niece has claimed that Jack told his brother that the Duke had been at the controls of the plane; that Jack had dragged him from the pilot's seat after the crash; and that there was an additional person on board the plane whose identity has never been revealed.
In popular culture
The Duke's early life is dramatised in Stephen Poliakoff's television serial The Lost Prince (2003), a biography of the life of the Duke's younger brother John. In the film, the teenage Prince 'Georgie' is portrayed as sensitive, intelligent, artistic and almost uniquely sympathetic to his brother's plight. He is shown as detesting his time at the Royal Naval College and as having a difficult relationship with his austere father.
In May 2008, the BBC aired its Radio 4 comedy, Hut 33, Series 2, Episode 1, titled "The Royal Visit". The main guest character for this episode was Duke of Kent, played by Michael Fenton-Stevens. The show is set at Bletchley Park with a team of code breakers. The Duke has been chosen to make an impromptu visit, and the code breakers have been told to hide all evidence of their real work and invent a story. On no account should the Duke be told what really happens at Bletchley because he is a Nazi spy. He is also portrayed as promiscuous and bisexual, as he tries to gain sexual favours from one of the male staff, and one of the female characters recalls a previous liaison with the Duke.
Much of George's later life was outlined in the documentary film The Queen's Lost Uncle. He is a recurring character in the revival of Upstairs, Downstairs (2010/2012), played by Blake Ritson. He is portrayed as a caring brother, terrified of the mistakes that his family is making; later, he is portrayed as an appeaser of the German regime, but also as a supportive friend of Hallam Holland.
George and his eldest brother the Prince of Wales, later Edward VIII, are shown in Stephen Poliakoff's BBC television serial Dancing on the Edge (2013), in which they are portrayed as supporters of jazz and encouragers of Louis Lester's Jazz Band. A sexual attraction to Louis on George's part is also insinuated.
Honours and arms
KG: Knight of the Garter, 1923
KT: Knight of the Thistle, 1935
GCMG: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George, 1934
GCVO: Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order, 1924
Royal Victorian Chain, 1936
ADC(P) Personal aide-de-camp to the King (Appointed by Edward VIII), 23 June 1936
Knight of the Order of the Elephant, 20 September 1922
Knight of the Order of the Seraphim, 1 October 1932
Knight Grand Cross of the Chilean Order of Merit
Knight Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour, March 1939
Appointments
1932: Royal Bencher of the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn
Military
Colonel-in-Chief, Royal Fusiliers (1937)
Honorary Air Commodore, No. 500 (County of Kent) Squadron Auxiliary Air Force (1938)
Colonel-in-Chief, Corps of New Zealand Engineers (1938)
Arms
Around the time of his elder brother Prince Henry's twenty-first birthday, Prince George was granted the use of the Royal Arms, differenced by a label argent of three points, each bearing an anchor azure.
Ancestry
References
Further reading
(New edition in 1992 by Crécy Publishing, .)
Millar, Peter. "The Other Prince". The Sunday Times (26 January 2003).
Warwick, Christopher. George and Marina, Duke and Duchess of Kent. London: Weidenfeld and Nicolson, 1988. .
External links
Portraits of Prince George from the National Portrait Gallery
1902 births
1942 deaths
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in Scotland
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1942
Bailiffs Grand Cross of the Order of St John
Burials at the Royal Burial Ground, Frogmore
Civil servants in the Home Office
Civil servants in the Foreign Office
Dukes of Kent
Grand Masters of the United Grand Lodge of England
Honorary air commodores
George, Duke of Kent
British people of German descent
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
Knights of the Garter
Knights of the Thistle
Lords High Commissioner to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
People educated at the Royal Naval College, Osborne
People educated at St Peter's Court
George, Duke of Kent
Royal Air Force air marshals
Royal Navy admirals of World War II
British Empire in World War II
People from Sandringham, Norfolk
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
British princes
Peers created by George V
Royal Air Force personnel killed in World War II
Children of George V
Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
British Army generals of World War II
Royal reburials
Sons of emperors
The United States Naval Academy (USNA) Small Satellite Program (SSP) was founded in 1999 to actively pursue flight opportunities for miniature satellites designed, constructed, tested, and commanded or controlled by Midshipmen. The Naval Academy's aerospace laboratory facilities are some of the most advanced and extensive in the country. These facilities include structures labs, propulsion and rotor labs, simulation labs, wind tunnels with flow velocities ranging from subsonic to supersonic, computer labs, and the Satellite Ground Station. The SSP provides funds for component purchase and construction, travel in support of testing and integration, coordination with The US Department of Defense or National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) laboratories or with universities for collaborative projects, and guides Midshipmen through the Department of Defense (DoD) Space Experiments Review Board (SERB) flight selection process.
The satellite development process is a multi-semester effort requiring the contributions of Midshipmen from two distinct groups: 1) Senior Capstone Design Team involving several consecutive graduating classes and 2) Extra Curricular Activity open to all four classes and any majors program. In the senior capstone class, First Class Midshipmen studying aerospace engineering/astronautical track, take a Spacecraft Design and initiate the satellite building process in the fall semester with the identification of the mission and determination of requirements followed by development of the conceptual design. In the spring semester the graduating midshipmen will conduct assembly, testing, and final preparations of the satellite for launch. An extra curricular group consisting of all classes and open to all majors also contribute to SSP and is designed to further develop midshipmen interaction with space rated projects. The group often aids and assists the senior capstone team, however they design, build, construct and test their own platforms.
The scope of the projects supported by SSP is limited by the resources of the USNA Department of Aerospace Engineering. The Midshipmen participating in SSP-sponsored projects are predominantly drawn from First Class (senior) majors in aerospace engineering who have chosen to concentrate on astronautics.
List of Satellites
PCSat
PCsat, or Prototype Communication Satellite, was the United States Naval Academy's first space operating system. Launched in 2001 from Kodiak, Alaska, PCSat provided 2-way hand held communications for students and APRS travelers within the Amateur Satellite Service. PCSat remains the oldest surviving midshipmen built satellite in space. See http://aprs.org/pcsat.html
PCSat-2 & PCSat-3
Both subsequent PCSats were repetitive designs from the first successful PCSat. These two satellites were launched to the ISS on 26 July 2005 and activated 8 days later in an external "suitcase" installed by an astronaut during a spacewalk. It was opened to expose the solar cells and to activate the data transponder. In addition to supporting the communications experiments, PCSat-2/3 also provided telemetry, command and control, and a NRL solar cell experiment (http://aprs.org/pcsat2.html).
Sapphire
In 2001 Naval Academy midshipmen paired with students from Stanford University and George Washington University to launch and operate a second satellite dubbed Sapphire. Sapphire was initially equipped with a camera, voice synthesizer, and an infrared Earth Sensor and later was modified to also support the APRS network in support of PCSat. Sapphire was also launched in 2001 on Kodiak Star, out of Kodiak, Alaska.
ANDE
The Atmospheric Neutral Density Experiment (ANDE) was another PCSat follow-on payload that flew inside a Navy Research Lab sphere launched to study the density of the atmosphere. ANDE had no solar panels, instead ANDE used 112 "D" sized Lithium cells. No external antennas were installed either. Each of the two halves of the sphere was insulated and used as a dipole antenna (http://aprs.org/ande.html).
RAFT/MARScom
RAFT/MARScom was a USNA's 6th built satellite and was a combination of two small 5 inches cube shaped satellites. The Radar Fence Transponder (RAFT) was cube one and used to explore the Navy's Space Surveillance System. The second cube dubbed MarsCom contained a transponder which also continued to support follow-on PCSat transponder type communications and voice synthesizer (DoD Volunteer Emergency Communicators) (http://aprs.org/raft.html).
MIDSTAR
MIDSTAR was the largest USNA satellite and was composed of several minor payloads for the Space Test Program that operated in S-Band. The satellite was only capable of communicating with the USNA Ground Station. MIDSTAR II was a follow up to the first; however, it never flew.
DRAGONSat
DRAGONSat was the first 1U Cubesat built by midshipmen. The primary payload was a gravity-gradient boom that extended a tip mass 1.5 meters from the satellite.
USS Langley
This 3U Colony-1 Cubesat was designed to provide a Linux-based file server in space operating on S-Band. It launched on the ULTRA mission in spring 2015. Communications were never established with the satellite.
BRICSat
BRICSat-1
BRICSat-1 is a 1.5 U Cubesat with a primary payload of micro-arch thrusters built by George Washington University to experiment with attitude control. It was launched on the ULTRA mission in the spring of 2015 and is still active. BRICSat-1 also continues support of the Amateur radio operators via a PSK-31 multi-user text messaging transponder similar to PSAT, an updated version of PCSAT. The thruster experiment was a success; however, communication issues prevent the retrieval of the data from the satellite. See http://aprs.org/bricsat-1.html
BRICSat-2
Manifest on the STP-2 launch of SpaceX heavy lift vehicle in September 2017, this 1.5U CubeSat continues flight testing of the George Washington University thrusters. BRICSat-2 will conduct similar tests as BRICSat-1 but with the redesigned radio also being flown on PSAT-2. See http://aprs.org/bricsat-2.html
PSAT
PSAT-1
PSAT or ParkinsonSat is the upgraded version of PCSat and operates using the APRS network. PSAT also houses a PSK-31 transponder. Launched with BRICSat and USS Langley on 20 May 2015, PSAT-1 has had non mission critical failures, and continues to operate today. See http://aprs.org/psat.html
PSAT-2
Manifest on the STP-2 launch of SpaceX heavy lift vehicle in September 2017, this communications satellite has integrated all of the APRS command and control as well as APRS user transponder onto a single circuit card as the baseline of future USNA CubeSat missions. It combines all of the APRS data relay netweok pioneered by USNA since PCSat in 2001 and includes the PSK-31 and TouchTone Texting experiments of QIKCOM-2 all into a single satellite. See http://aprs.org/psat-2.html
QIKCOM
QIKCOM-1
QIKCom-1 is an amateur radio payload built to take advantage of the previously developed APRS network. Because it flies on a host spacecraft (SIMPL), there were no solar panels or attitude control systems developed (as in previous designs). It continues the PCSat and PSAT missions containing APRS packet radio communications transponders for relaying remote telemetry, sensor and user data from remote users and amateur radio environmental experiments. The data transponder also includes all the telemetry and command and control for a complete CubeSat.
QUICOM-1 has arrived on the ISS and is awaiting deployment. Currently SIMPL / QIKCOM-1 is being held from release due to a SNAFU over radio licensing. Once released, the expected lifetime is very short, lasting for only a couple weeks. See http://aprs.org/qikcom-1.html
QIKCOM-2
QIKCOM-2 is another USNA built payload flying on the eXCITe mission scheduled for launch in late 2016. The payload continues the APRS missions of prior USNA space systems, but also adds a simpler touch-tone up-link capability so that users worldwide can use existing radios with key pads instead of the more expensive specialized APRS radios from past satellites. QIKCOM-2 allows position reporting and text messaging from anywhere on earth using simple $90 radios. Delivered in November 2015 to the spacecraft integrator, QIKCOM-2 is being held as a hot-backup and will be launched at the earliest opportunity. See http://aprs.org/qikcom-2.html
HFSat
HFSat is designed to be a HF SATCOM (High Frequency Satellite Communications) experiment to demonstrate the use of HF radios for simple backup HF SATCOM. The concept would allow every unit from the largest Naval warships to a single Marine infantryman to be equipped with HF radios to access SATCOM without needing special radios. The detailed designed began late summer of 2016 and initial tests will use HF Satellite allocations in the Amateur Satellite services as well as amateur experiments worldwide.
NSAT
NSAT is a planned 1.5U CubeSat designed to house two experiments and will be the first USNA Satellite to use DoD Command and Control system licensed via NTIA. The first of the payloads will test the use of simplified encryption techniques in the space environment. The second experiment will fly an experimental distributed power system for NASA.
TUGSat
TUGSat is a planned 3U CubeSat with electric propulsion (similar to BRICSat) specifically designed for attitude control and maneuvering capability. It will be designed to work with follow on RSAT modules with docking capabilities.
RSat-P
RSat-P, or Repair Satellite Prototype, is a 3U CubeSat and the first USNA robotics mission that launched on 16 December 2018. RSat-P features two robotic arms for robotic investigations and manipulations in the space environment. Future RSat models will be attached to a TUGSAT which will provide the needed maneuvering capabilities.
References
External links
http://aprs.org/qikcom-1.html
http://aprs.org/qikcom-2.html
http://aprs.org/pcsat.html
http://aprs.org/ariss.html
http://aprs.org/psat.html
http://aprs.org/psat-2.html
http://aprs.org/bricsat-1.html
http://aprs.org/bricsat-2.html
http://aprs.org/astars.html
United States Naval Academy
Military space program of the United States
GUIDE (Guidance for Users of Integrated Data-Processing Equipment) was a users' group for users of IBM computer systems.
GUIDE was formed in 1956; it was incorporated in 1970 as a non-profit organization under the name of GUIDE International Corporation. At its peak GUIDE had a membership of around 2,000 companies and institutions. As of 1990, GUIDE was the largest IBM users' group with 2850 members. Its membership included fifty percent of the Fortune 1000 companies.
"GUIDE's principal purposes are to contribute to the improvement of data processing products and services and to provide a forum for the development, exchange and dissemination of information concerning large data processing equipment and systems." "GUIDE's principal activity is the sponsorship of week-long conferences held three times each year."
</ref>
In 1994 in Europe GUIDE merged with the European arm of SHARE, another major IBM users' group forming GSE (Guide Share Europe).
In the US GUIDE ceased operation in September 1999. Although the groups did not merge, many of GUIDE's activities and projects were taken over by SHARE, and GUIDE suggested to its members that they join SHARE. In August 2000, SHARE took over the guide.org domain name.
See also
COMMON
References
External links
Index of GUIDE International Records, 1970-1992 at Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota.
GUIDE SHARE EUROPE
IBM user groups
User groups
Organizations established in 1956
Organizations disestablished in 1999
Prospekt is the ninth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle, first released on CD in 2000 by Ektro Records. It was re-released as a double LP by Static Resonance in 2002. The D-side of the re-issue contains the live track "Työläisten laulu" from a show at Jyväskylä, Finland, on September 11, 2001. It was re-issued again as a CD in 2011 by the Brazilian label Essence Records, including the extra track, and presented in a gatefold sleeve replicating the vinyl version in miniature.
Overall, the album has a tight krautrock sound that shows heavy influence from both Can and Neu!. Drawing largely on long improvisations centered on a single riff or chord progression, the songs have an expansive progressive rock sound as well, often going past ten minutes, like "Aarre" and "Eripwre".
Track listing
"Dedofiktion" (8:22)
"Gericht" (6:45)
"Stimulance" (6:53)
"Varhain" (6:55)
"Aarre" (10:17)
"Eripwre" (10:33)
"Työläisten laulu (Encore Apocalypse Mix)" (17:40)
Personnel
Teemu Elo
Pike Kontkanen
Jyrki Laiho
Jussi Lehtisalo
Tomi Leppänen
Teemu Niemelä
Janne Peltomäki
Mika Rättö
Markku Peltola
Mika Rintala
Circle (band) albums
2000 albums
"Ex-Factor" is the second single from American recording artist Lauryn Hill from her debut solo album, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill (1998). The song incorporates elements of R&B, neo soul and hip hop soul. Released by Ruffhouse and Columbia Records, the song features a sample of "Can It Be All So Simple" by Wu-Tang Clan.
The song has been claimed to be about Hill's former Fugees groupmate Wyclef Jean. Upon its release, critics praised the song's enchanting vocals and lyrics. The song peaked in the Top 40 on the US Billboard Hot 100, and reached number-one on US R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay and on the UK R&B chart. It was awarded the Best R&B/Soul single - Female award at the 2000 Soul Train Awards. Spin named it the 3rd best single of 1999. In 2020, The Ringer ranked it as the 18th greatest breakup song of all time.
The song has been sampled by numerous artists including Drake ("Nice for What") and Cardi B ("Be Careful"); and has been covered by Beyoncé, Kelly Clarkson, John Legend, and H.E.R.
Music and lyrics
"Ex-Factor" was written and produced by Lauryn Hill and it features replayed elements of "Can It Be All So Simple" by Wu-Tang Clan, which itself samples Gladys Knight & the Pips' cover of Barbra Streisand's "The Way We Were".
"Ex-Factor" is a soul number which serves as a painful dissection of a failing relationship. The accompaniment is driven by two-chord progressions all throughout its melodic variations. Its refrain contains soaring harmonies.
Chart performance
Although not as successful as Hill's previous single "Doo Wop (That Thing)", the song still entered several international charts. It spent 22 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 and peaked at 21 on the week of April 10, 1999. It reached number one on the R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart. It also charted on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, spending 31 weeks and peaking number 7 on March 13, 1999. It reached number 4 on the UK Singles Chart and spent 16 weeks on the chart, it remains Hill's biggest hit in the UK.
Track listings
US 7-inch single
A. "Ex-Factor" (radio edit) – 4:38
B. "When It Hurts So Bad" (album version) – 5:42
UK CD1
"Ex-Factor" (album version) – 5:27
"Ex-Factor" (Part II remix) – 4:38
"Ex-Factor" (A Simple Mix) – 4:37
UK CD2
"Ex-Factor" (radio edit) – 4:38
"Ex-Factor" (A Simple Breakdown) – 4:10
"Lost Ones" (remix) – 4:17
UK cassette single
"Ex-Factor"
"Can't Take My Eyes Off You"
European CD1
"Ex-Factor" (radio edit) – 4:38
"Ex-Factor" (A Simple Mix) – 4:37
European CD2
"Ex-Factor" (radio edit) – 4:38
"Ex-Factor" (A Simple Breakdown) – 4:10
"Lost Ones" – 4:17
"Ex-Factor" (A Simple Mix) – 4:37
Credits and personnel
Credits are adapted from The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill liner notes.
Leads and background vocals: Lauryn Hill
Additional background: Chuck Young
Bass: Paul Fakhourie
Piano: Tejumold Newton
Wurlitzer, organ and rhodes: James Poyser
Percussion: Rudy Byrd
Guitar: Johari Newton
Drum programming by Vada Nobles
Recorded by Commissioner Gordon
Mixed by Commissioner Gordon
Assistant recording engineer: Chip Verspyck
Assistant mix engineer: Greg Thompson
Recorded at RPM Studios, (NYC), Marley Music, Inc. (Kingston, Jamaica) and Chung King Studios (NYC)
Mixed at Hit Factory Studios and Chuing King Studios (NYC)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Samples
In 2018, rappers Drake and Cardi B sampled it in their songs "Nice for What" and "Be Careful", respectively.
References
External links
Lauryn Hill - "Ex-Factor" at YouTube
1990s ballads
1998 singles
Contemporary R&B ballads
Holly Miranda songs
Lauryn Hill songs
Song recordings produced by Lauryn Hill
Songs about heartache
Songs written by Lauryn Hill
Soul ballads
Changqing Subdistrict () is a township-level division situated in Hefei, Anhui, China.
See also
List of township-level divisions of Anhui
References
Township-level divisions of Anhui
Subdistricts of the People's Republic of China
Trictionary is a 400-page trilingual illustrated dictionary for translating English, Chinese, and Spanish, published in 1982, covering about 3,000 words in each language. The wordbook was compiled by anonymous volunteers, mostly younger students from New York City whose native language was English, Chinese, or Spanish. The compilation was made "by the spare-time energy of some 150 young people from the neighborhood" aged between 10 and 15, two afternoons a week over three years. The project was sponsored by the National Endowment for the Humanities and work was done at the Chatham Square branch of the New York Public Library. The original idea was developed by Jane Shapiro, a teacher of English as a Second Language at Junior High School 65, helped by Mary Scherbatoskoy of ARTS (Art Resources for Teachers and Students).
Tom McArthur described the project as a future model for reference work creation based on group collaboration, volunteer work, and no single or named author; the Trictionary was "something much more radically interesting: turning students on occasion into once-in-a-lifetime Samuel Johnsons and Noah Websters." McArthur's 1986 observation was prescient; the project is now seen as an early model of social information processing.
Notes
External links
Trictionary official site —
1982 books
Multilingual dictionaries
Social information processing
Chinese dictionaries
English dictionaries
Spanish dictionaries
Jonathan C. Linton (born November 7, 1974) is a former American football running back with the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League.
Linton was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania on November 7, 1974 and played high school football at Catasauqua High School in Catasauqua, Pennsylvania. He played college football at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
National Football League
In 1998, Linton was drafted in the fifth round of the NFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills. He played for the Bills in the 1998, 1999, and 2000 seasons.
References
1974 births
Living people
Catasauqua High School alumni
Sportspeople from Allentown, Pennsylvania
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
American football fullbacks
North Carolina Tar Heels football players
Buffalo Bills players
Sabine Wichert (8 June 1942 – 8 September 2014), was a German born poet and historian from Northern Ireland
Biography
Born Sabine Wichert on 8 June 1942 in Graudenz, West Prussia which is now Grudziadz, Poland, Wichert was educated in West Germany. She studied in Frankfurt, Marburg, FU Berlin and Mannheim. She also studied in Britain in the London school of Economics and Oxford. Her first introduction to Belfast was a visit to the city as a tourist.
She worked in Queen's University, Belfast from 1971 teaching history but with an interest in the visual arts. She wrote poetry about her adopted homeland and edited the work of historian ATQ Stewart. She retired in 2007. She died of lung cancer in Belfast on 8 September 2014. Wichert was cremated at Roselawn and was returned to Germany by her brothers Peter and Christian.
She was a member of the Arts Council of Northern Ireland until 1994 and she was appointed to the Board of Annaghmakerrig by the Arts Councils in Ireland.
Bibliography
Poetry
Miranda (1993)
Tin Drum Country (1995)
Sharing Darwin (1999)
Taganrog (2004)
Non fiction
Northern Ireland Since 1945
The British Left and Appeasement: Political Tactics or Alternative Policies?
The Northern Ireland Conflict: New Wine in Old Bottles?
The role of nationalism in the Northern Ireland conflict
Northern Ireland: The Context for Conflict and for Reconciliation
References and sources
1942 births
2014 deaths
People from Grudziądz
German emigrants to Northern Ireland
Writers from Belfast
20th-century poets from Northern Ireland
21st-century poets from Northern Ireland
Historians from Northern Ireland
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Academics of Queen's University Belfast
Deaths from lung cancer in Northern Ireland
20th-century women writers from Northern Ireland
21st-century women writers from Northern Ireland
Growth differentiation factors (GDFs) are a subfamily of proteins belonging to the transforming growth factor beta superfamily that have functions predominantly in development.
Types
Several members of this subfamily have been described, and named GDF1 through GDF15.
GDF1 is expressed chiefly in the nervous system and functions in left-right patterning and mesoderm induction during embryonic development.
GDF2 (also known as BMP9) induces and maintains the response embryonic basal forebrain cholinergic neurons (BFCN) have to a neurotransmitter called acetylcholine, and regulates iron metabolism by increasing levels of a protein called hepcidin.
GDF3 is also known as "Vg-related gene 2" (Vgr-2). Expression of GDF3 occurs in ossifying bone during embryonic development and in the thymus, spleen, bone marrow brain, and adipose tissue of adults. It has a dual nature of function; it both inhibits and induces early stages of development in embryos.
GDF5 is expressed in the developing central nervous system, with roles in the development of joints and the skeleton, and increasing the survival of neurones that respond to a neurotransmitter called dopamine.
GDF6 interacts with bone morphogenetic proteins to regulate ectoderm patterning, and controls eye development.
GDF8 is now officially known as myostatin and controls the growth of muscle tissue.
GDF9, like GDF3, lacks one cysteine relative to other members of the TGF-β superfamily. Its gene expression is limited to the ovaries, and it has a role in ovulation.
GDF10 is closely related to BMP3 and has a role in head formation and, it is presumed, in skeletal morphogenesis. It is also known as BMP-3b.
GDF11 controls anterior-posterior patterning by regulating the expression of Hox genes, and regulates the number of olfactory receptor neurons occurring in the olfactory epithelium, and numbers of retinal ganglionic cells developing in the retina.
GDF15 (also known as TGF-PL, MIC-1, PDF, PLAB, and PTGFB) has a role in regulating inflammatory and apoptotic pathways during tissue injury and certain disease processes.
References
Proteins
TGFβ domain
APTN Mainstage is a half-hour Canadian musical television series showcasing First Nations music from across Canada and North America. It aired on APTN.
External links
Digital Forum
1996 Canadian television series debuts
Aboriginal Peoples Television Network original programming
1990s Canadian variety television series
1990s Canadian music television series
First Nations music
Louis Vignaud (14 June 1929 – 10 July 2014) was a French sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1929 births
2014 deaths
French male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of France
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Angers
The Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (or Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level) is a GCE Advanced Level examination held annually in Singapore and is jointly conducted by the Ministry of Education (MOE), Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board (SEAB) and the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate (UCLES).
The examination is taken by school candidates upon the completion of their pre-university education at junior colleges and centralised institutes, and is also open to private candidates. The Singapore-Cambridge GCE Advanced Level examination has been de-linked from the British A-Level examinations since 2002, when the MOE took over the management of its national examination, due to differences in the development of the respective education systems in the two countries.
The Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level is recognised internationally by universities as a university entrance examination and employers as a tertiary education certificate.
The standards and grading for the subjects are determined by SEAB and MOE in consultation with the Cambridge International Examinations (CIE), a subsidiary of UCLES. Localised subjects, including Mother Tongue subjects such as Chinese, Malay and Tamil are marked locally.
Curriculum
In 2006, the Singaporean A-level curriculum was revised for an enhanced curriculum framework dedicated to the Singapore's education requirement. This is compared to the initial system of ‘AO', ‘A' and ‘S' papers modelled after the United Kingdom education system. It was designed to emphasise multi-disciplinary learning, breadth of learning as well as flexibility, and it aims to prepare students well for the approaches being taken in university education, and for the demands of an innovation-driven world of the 21st century. The Singaporean A-levels differ in exam structure and subject content from GCE A-levels in other countries such as the United Kingdom, Malaysia, Brunei, Seychelles, Pakistan etc.
Under the new curriculum, candidates select subjects from three levels of study, namely Higher 1 (H1), Higher 2 (H2) and Higher 3 (H3). Subjects are divided into knowledge skills and content-based subjects. Knowledge skills subjects include General Paper, Knowledge and Inquiry and Project Work; content-based subjects are divided into languages, humanities and the arts, and mathematics and sciences. These changes took effect beginning with the batch taking the A Levels in 2007.
General Paper and Knowledge & Inquiry
General Paper (or GP) at H1 level or Knowledge & Inquiry (or KI) at H2 level are academic subjects offered at the Singapore-Cambridge GCE Advanced Level examination in the Singapore education system. All pre-university students in Singapore undertaking the Singapore-Cambridge GCE Advanced Level examination are required to offer either of the subjects.
General Paper aims to develop in students the ability to think critically, to construct cogent arguments and to communicate their ideas using clear, accurate and effective language. In addition, General Paper encourages students to explore a range of key issues of global and local significance and provides students with a good foundation to thrive in a fast-changing world.
The General Paper comprises two papers, Paper 1 and Paper 2, which carry 50 marks each and have equal weightage.
Paper 1 comprises twelve questions that cover a wide range of topics, including but not limited to: history, society, culture, economy, politics, philosophy, sciences, mathematics, geography, literature and language, as well as topics of local interest and global concern. Candidates are to answer any one question out of the twelve given within a time span of 90 minutes. Candidates are to write an essay of length between 500 and 800 words. Marks are also allocated for the candidate's use of language throughout this paper; the maximum which may be awarded is twenty.
Paper 2 comprises one or two passages of continuous prose. Candidates are required to demonstrate their ability to comprehend, explain, infer, evaluate and summarise within a time-span of 90 minutes. The sections tested include short answer questions, summary and an application question. Short answer questions require students to explain sections of the text. Most of the time, candidates will be required to use their own words in their answers, and will not be credited if they copy words directly from the passage. This ensures the candidate actually understands what the passage is talking about (and is not blindly copying without understanding it), and is also a test of their English language skills and vocabulary. The summary requires candidates to briefly outline points mentioned by the author about a specified topic in a few specified paragraphs of the passage, in their own words and with no more than 120 words. The application question requires the candidate to evaluate the author's arguments and apply the author's suggestions to their own country. Marks are also allocated for the candidate's use of language throughout this paper; the maximum which may be awarded is fifteen.
In 2012, the Singapore General Paper syllabus was modified. The old syllabus which had the subject code 8806 was replaced by a new syllabus with a different examination format and a new subject code 8807. A key difference in the new syllabus is that examiners require candidates to present conviction, confidence and be convincing in their essays, departing from set-piece essays and memorising core content.
Subject combination
Subjects at H1 level constitutes one academic unit, subjects at H2 level constitutes two academic units, with the exception of subjects taken at H3 level. Students are invariably required to sit for either H1 General Paper or H2 Knowledge and Inquiry, and may opt to elect any combination and number of H1 and H2 subjects, up to a maximum of twelve academic units (AUs). A maximum of two H3 subjects can be applied. Subject examination of the H3 level subjects were previously offered as "Special papers" (or "S-Papers") under the Cambridge GCE Advanced Level before 2006.
Under the Ministry of Education's regulations, students sitting for the A-level in a junior college are required to take at least one subject that is from a contrasting discipline. They are also required to fulfil additional academic requirements of Singapore's education system, such as having to take Project Work and a Mother Tongue Language.
Grading system
H1 and H2 subjects are graded alphabetically in the following manner.
Notes:
Candidates who pass at least one subject at H1 or H2 level will receive a Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education (Advanced Level).
Grade 'S' denotes a sub-pass.
Grades 'S' and 'Ungraded' indicate that the candidate has failed to obtain a pass in the particular subject. These two grades do not appear on the certificate but will be shown on the result slip.
Subject(s) taken by the candidate under special arrangements will be annotated in the certificate.
H3 subjects are graded as either Distinction, Merit, Pass or Ungraded.
Candidate Performance
In 2010, the number of school candidates who sat for the examination was 14,280, out of which 90.8% of them scored at least three Higher 2 (H2) passes, with a pass in General Paper (GP) or Knowledge and Inquiry (KI).
See also
Education in Singapore
General Certificate of Education
GCE Advanced Level
GCE Ordinary Level in Singapore
Singapore-Cambridge GCE Normal Level
Junior college (Singapore)
Millennia Institute
Centralised institutes (Singapore)
External links
Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level on the SEAB website
Press release: Results of the 2010 Singapore-Cambridge GCE Advanced Level
References
Education in Singapore
Geçitli is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Sedgley urban district was a local government district within Staffordshire, which was created in 1894 from the western half of the manor of Sedgley (the other half of which became the Coseley Urban District).
The Urban District, formed in 1894, consisted of the historic villages of Sedgley, Cotwall End, Gospel End, Upper Gornal, Lower Gornal and Woodsetton.
The UDC built many new houses within its boundaries as the local population grew. The first developments included the Beacon Hill Estate in Sedgley and smaller developments off Dudley Road in Upper Gornal and Summer Lane in Lower Gornal, which were built in the 1920s. These developments were then expanded in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s. Post World War II developments included the Sedgley Hall Estate near Gospel End Road, the Bramford Estate at Woodsetton and a smaller development at Cinder Road in Gornal Wood. Flats (not in blocks more than four storeys high) and bungalows were also built in large numbers during this era. Interwar estates including the Beacon Estate were also expanded after 1945. The houses on the Sedgley Hall Estate were built from concrete panels just after the end of World War II, and are still standing some 70 years later even though Sedgley UDC intended to replace them with brick-built housing by the 1960s.
By 1966, the district had developed into a town due to extensive housebuilding (private and council) since 1920, and was dissolved to be absorbed into three neighbouring authorities. The bulk of the district was absorbed into the County Borough of Dudley, while the Gospel End area was absorbed into Seisdon Rural District (now South Staffordshire) and Goldthorn Park was absorbed into Wolverhampton. The introduction of post code districts locally in 1966 also means that much of Woodsetton now has a Dudley DY1 post code rather than Sedgley DY3, although Gospel End comes within the DY3 postal district – as do the villages of Himley and Swindon, which were never within the same local authority at Sedgley and are no longer even in the same county.
The Urban District Council also built many schools. Roberts Street Schools were built in Upper Gornal in 1894 – the year the Urban District Council was formed. Queen Victoria Schools were opened in Bilston Street in 1897. Dormston School, adjacent to Queen Victoria School, opened in 1935, replacing the former senior schools at Queen Victoria and Sedgley National Schools. Bramford Primary School in Woodsetton was built during the 1950s. Flax Hall Primary School in Upper Gornal was opened in the 1950s and remained open until 1989.
Mass house building in the west of Sedgley during the 1950s and 1960s made it necessary for new primary school's to be built to accommodate Sedgley's quickly growing population – Cotwall End infant and junior schools were opened in 1962 and on the nearby Northway Estate, Alder Coppice Infant and Junior Schools were opened in 1967. High Arcal Grammar School was built in the Woodsetton area of Sedgley in 1961, while in the Lower Gornal area Ellowes Hall School opened in 1964 to replace the former senior schools at Robert Street and Red Hall. Sedgley UDC also had plans to build a new primary school to serve the new Straits Estate, and these became reality when Straits Primary School opened in 1968, by which time the UDC had been absorbed into an expanded County Borough of Dudley.
With the exception of Flax Hall, all of the schools built by Sedgley UDC remain in existence today, although Roberts Primary was replaced by a new building in 2001, and many of the other schools have been significantly expanded or partly rebuilt since their opening. Dormston School, for instance, had just one building (with capacity for around 500 pupils) on its opening, and by 2008 it had five classroom blocks (with capacity for well over 1,000 pupils) and also incorporated an arts and leisure complex. High Arcal's status changed from grammar to comprehensive in 1975, in the same year that Ellowes Hall and Dormston switched from secondary modern to comprehensive.
The 19th century buildings of Sedgley's only Roman Catholic school, St Chad's, were gradually replaced between 1957 and 1969.
The council offices were built on High Holborn in 1882, and after Sedgley UDC was disbanded were taken over by Dudley council, who used it as a Social Services department until 2000, ending 118 years of local authority use. It was sold to a private developer in 2002 and subsequently converted into flats.
References
Working Class Housing in Sedgley: 1900–1923, Alan Aitcheson (2000)
Dudley News, (1985–present)
Urban districts of England
History of Wolverhampton
History of Dudley
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Astragalus eriopodus is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.
References
eriopodus
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
Saccharophagus degradans (formerly Microbulbifer degradans) is a gram-negative marine bacterium known to degrade a number of complex polysaccharides as energy source. S. degradans have also been shown to ferment xylose to ethanol. In recent studies, Saccharophagus degradans from Chesapeake Bay was effectively used to produce cellulosic ethanol. Cellulosic ethanol production by means of bacterial action could be the key cheap production of cellulosic ethanol for global mass market production of bioethanol. It is currently produced by such means as gasification. S. degradans is the only species in its newly created genus.
References
External links
Type strain of Saccharophagus degradans at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Alteromonadales
Bacteria described in 2005
Justice Butler may refer to:
Charles C. Butler, associate justice of the Colorado Supreme Court
Fred M. Butler, associate justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Louis B. Butler, associate justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court
Thomas B. Butler, associate justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court
Turner Butler, associate justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court
Vreven is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alfred Vreven (1937–2000), Belgian politician
Stijn Vreven (born 1973), Belgian footballer and manager
The National Liberty Monument was a proposed national memorial to honor the more than 5,000 enslaved and free persons of African descent who served as soldiers or sailors or provided civilian assistance during the American Revolutionary War. The memorial is an outgrowth of a failed effort to erect a Black Revolutionary War Patriots Memorial, which was authorized in 1986 but whose memorial foundation dissolved in 2005. Congress authorized the National Liberty Monument in January 2013, but authorization expired in 2021.
Push for the memorial
In 1980, Lena Santos Ferguson, an African American woman, applied for membership in the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR), an organization for descendants of those who fought in the American Revolutionary War. Despite having excellent documentation of her ancestry and her ancestor's participation in the war, she could not find two members anywhere in the national organization to sponsor her for membership. Margaret Johnston, a member of the Mary Washington chapter of the DAR and wife of a General Motors executive, said, "It was made clear to me that [Ferguson] was not welcome because she is black." DAR national president Sarah King admitted that blacks were not being admitted as members, but also claimed that some individuals were also disliked by existing members, were divorced, or rejected out of spite. In 1983, Ferguson was granted "limited" membership in the DAR, which meant she did not have voting rights and could not belong to a local chapter (where the work of the organization was conducted).
After the Council of the District of Columbia threatened to revoke the DAR's city tax exemption and Ferguson threatened to sue to revoke its federal tax exemption, the DAR admitted Ferguson as a full member.
The DAR and Ferguson negotiated an agreement in which the DAR would help minorities become part of the society, state in its membership materials that all people of whatever race were eligible for membership, offer scholarships to students in the District of Columbia (where the overwhelming majority of students were black), educate the DAR membership about the role African Americans played in the Revolutionary War, and identify all African Americans (slave or free) who fought in the war. The DAR also agreed to support a congressional resolution to establish a national memorial in Washington, D.C., honoring African Americans who fought in the Revolutionary War.
Black Revolutionary War Patriots Memorial
Meanwhile, momentum was building in Congress for a memorial. The memorial had its genesis in a resolution introduced in Congress by Representative Nancy Johnson, a Republican from Connecticut. Her bill was a proclamation honoring black Revolutionary War patriots. The resolution was conceived by Maurice Barboza, Ferguson's nephew and a member of the Sons of the American Revolution. Barboza saw the bill as a means of pushing the DAR to admit his aunt, but it was quickly approved by Congress and President Ronald Reagan signed it into law (P.L. 98-245) on March 27, 1984. Realizing there was support in Congress, Barboza asked Johnson to sponsor legislation for a physical memorial. She agreed. DAR President King prevailed on a friend, Senator Al Gore (a Democrat from Tennessee), to sponsor identical legislation in the Senate. He agreed. After just 17 months, the bill was adopted by Congress and President Reagan signed the Black Revolutionary War Patriots Act (P.L. 99-558) into law on October 27, 1986. The act forbade the use of federal funds to build the memorial (a typical requirement by Congress). Instead, it established a nonprofit, the Black Revolutionary War Patriots Memorial Foundation, to solicit funds to build the memorial.
The foundation selected Constitution Gardens on the National Mall for the site of its memorial. Constitution Gardens is a lightly forested area and pond bounded on the west by the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, on the east by 17th Street NW, on the north by Constitution Avenue NW, and on the south by the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool. The area, formerly occupied by temporary federal buildings, was created in 1976 as a United States Bicentennial tribute. In July 1982, the Memorial to the 56 Signers of the Declaration of Independence was dedicated on the island in the lake. This memorial is a low, curved stone wall facing the water and encompassing a tiny patio. Because the Commemorative Works Act (CWA) of 1986 (P.L. 99-625) barred memorials on the National Mall unless they were of "preeminent" and "lasting" historical significance, Barboza was forced to seek congressional authorization to locate the Black Revolutionary War Patriots Memorial in Constitution Gardens. On March 25, 1988, President Reagan signed into law P.L. 100-265, allowing the memorial to be built in "Area I" (the National Mall and its immediate environs). Under the rules imposed by the CWA, the memorial foundation had seven years to complete fundraising, win approval of its design, and begin construction.
Barboza incorporated the foundation in 1985 with himself, Ferguson and Johnson as members of the founding board. After five years of self-funding the project and using volunteers, Barboza received a commitment from the General Motors Corporation to help raise funds. In May 1989, GM sponsored the "One Nation Dinner" in Washington, D.C. that raised $250,000 and introduced the project to dignitaries, corporations and government leaders. The group was off to a good start after a long and tedious struggle between 1985 and 1989. Later, after Johnson became chairman of the board, the group foundered over her efforts to wrest control from Barboza and Ferguson and recast the message of the memorial. All the while the forward movement of the project began to lose purpose. Barboza tried to oust Johnson from the board she had packed with acquaintances but was later voted off in 1992. Ferguson resigned.[12] Problems with the appropriateness of the design and the meddling of sculptor Edward Dwight also hindered fundraising and contributed to the debacle and waste that would come later.[13] From 1992 to 2005, extensions of the memorial construction deadline were granted by Congress four times. On October 20, 1996, Congress enacted the United States Commemorative Coin Act of 1996 (P.L. 104-329), which authorized the United States Mint to manufacture no more than 500,000 $1 commemorative coins. These coins, sold for $10 each, would be used to finance the memorial. But only 100,000 of the coins were sold during the year (1998) they were offered. Between 1996 and 1999, the foundation raised another $1.5 million for a total of $3.6 million in received contributions. But it spent $800,000 designing the memorial and another $1.8 million on salaries for staff, leaving it with just $1 million in its trust fund.
The memorial's design was also problematic. In 1990, architect Marshall Purnell proposed an elliptical plaza with seven high statues of African American Revolutionary War soldiers and citizens. The United States Commission of Fine Arts (CFA), which had design approval over all memorials in the National Capital Area, rejected the design as too monumental and too visible compared with the nearby Signers' Memorial. It counseled the foundation to eliminate the statues and seek a "landscape solution" as a memorial. In 1991, the memorial foundation held a charrette to seek a new design. Edward Dwight's design for a granite block with figures of African American soldiers and citizens emerging from swirling rock was chosen. The CFA liked the design, but repeatedly asked for changes over the next five years. Dwight became convinced that members of the CFA and the National Park Service had "an issue with putting black faces on the National Mall". Dwight's design was subsequently approved by the CFA. But the changes left the memorial without any monumental elements, too small and pinched to attract financial support.
Congressional authority to build the Black Revolutionary War Patriots Memorial expired on October 27, 2005. The memorial foundation dissolved, out of money.
National Liberty Memorial
While the Black Revolutionary War Patriots Memorial was under design consideration, Congress enacted the Commemorative Works Clarification and Revision Act of 2003 (CWCRA). This law barred the erection of any memorial in Area I without the approval of the National Capital Memorial Advisory Commission (NCMAC).
In 2005, Barboza established the National Mall Liberty Fund D.C., a nonprofit foundation to honor African Americans (slave and free) who fought in the American Revolutionary War, who provided assistance to the war effort as civilians, and who sought their freedom during the Revolutionary period. In April 2006, Senator Chris Dodd (Democratic from Connecticut) introduced legislation to approve the new memorial. Dodd's legislation, however, did not refer to African Americans or any other minority, simply to "slaves and other persons who fought" in the war. Barboza asked the NCMAC to transfer the Black Revolutionary War Patriots Memorial site approval to the National Liberty Memorial, but the agency declined to do so in 2007.
The Dodd legislation died at the end of the 109th United States Congress on December 8, 2006. Dodd introduced new legislation, with altered wording, in 2009, 2010, and 2011.
The Congress finally authorized the National Liberty Memorial on January 2, 2013, in Section 2859 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (). Congress declared the memorial to be a "commemorative work to slaves and free black persons who served in the American Revolution" as soldiers, sailors, or civilians. The National Mall Liberty Fund D.C. was authorized to build the memorial. Congress authorized the memorial to be constructed in Area I or Area II of the National Capital Area, but not in the Reserve area designated by federal law. National Mall Liberty Fund D.C. was also authorized to begin raising private funds to construct a memorial, which would be turned over to the federal government upon completion.
Under the rules established by the 2003 CWCRA, the National Mall Liberty Fund D.C. has seven years (until January 2, 2020) to raise the necessary funds to build the memorial, and to obtain siting, design, and other approvals from the NCMAC, CFA, and National Capital Planning Commission.
Preliminary memorial design and site
The National Mall Liberty Fund D.C. hired sculptor David Newton to design a preliminary memorial. Newton's draft depicts an African American father, mother, and child. The father is armed with a rifle, but not depicted as a soldier. The mother points toward the nearby Lincoln Memorial. The child wears a tricorne hat and is beating a drum.
On July 23, 2013, the memorial foundation presented its first site selection report to the NCMAC. The foundation examined 43 potential sites before creating a short-list of five preferred sites: northwest of the Lincoln Memorial, the United States Department of the Interior triangle on Virginia Avenue NW, Walt Whitman Park, Freedom Plaza, and a site on the west side of the Jamie L. Whitten Building (the headquarters of the United States Department of Agriculture). The NCMAC asked the foundation to reconsider Walt Whitman Park, the Interior Department triangle, and a new site—the western terminus of Constitution Avenue NW (the "belvedere") on the shores of the Potomac River. After reconsidering these sites and the others originally studied, the foundation requested that the site at the Whitten Building be approved. The Whitten site received the support of Senator Chuck Grassley and Senator Chris Murphy on November 20, 2013. Because the Whitten site is in Area I, the most protected part of the National Mall, use of the site required approval by Congress.
On September 26, 2014, President Barack Obama signed legislation allowing the National Liberty Memorial to be placed on the National Mall on a site next to the Department of Agriculture Building, extending authority to begin construction to 2021. The legislation's sponsor, Rep. G. K. Butterfield (D-NC), said that "this eventual memorial will show the nation, it will show the world, that the sacrifices, the heroic efforts of African Americans, both slave and free, who took up arms for American independence are not forgotten."
Commemorative Works Act authorization for the memorial expired on September 26, 2021, with the organization having not raised sufficient funds to begin construction.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
: Public Law 112-239, establishing the memorial
National Mall Liberty Fund D.C.
National Memorials of the United States
Proposed monuments and memorials in the United States
National Park Service areas in Washington, D.C.
Monuments and memorials in Washington, D.C.
Monuments and memorials on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
African-American military monuments and memorials
The Lower Snake River Wind Project is the newest and largest wind farm operated by Puget Sound Energy, and is located in Washington's Garfield and Columbia counties. The wind farm is made up of 149 Siemens wind turbines rated at 2.3 MW each for a maximum generating capacity of 343 MW. The project was estimated to create up to 150 temporary jobs and 25 permanent jobs.
See also
Wind power in Washington
List of wind farms in the United States
References
Buildings and structures in Columbia County, Washington
Buildings and structures in Garfield County, Washington
Wind farms in Washington (state)
Puget Sound Energy
Dereköy is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
The Taipei Metro Mingde station (formerly transliterated as Mingte Station until 2003, traditional Chinese: 捷運明德站) is located in the Beitou District (北投區) of Taipei, Taiwan. The station is on the Tamsui Line, otherwise known as "the red line" by locals. It is also a minor bus transfer point for connections to Tianmu (天母) and Yangmingshan National Park (陽明山).
Station overview
The two-level, elevated station structure with one island platform and one exit, situated between Donghua Street (東華街) and Xi'an Street (西安街) at the midsection of Mingde Road (明德路).
Originally, it was planned to be called "Tianmu Station," but was changed before the station opened on 28 March 1997.
Station layout
First and Last Train Timing
The first and last train timing at Mingde station is as follows:
References
1997 establishments in Taiwan
Tamsui–Xinyi line stations
Railway stations opened in 1997
Signy or Signe (, sometimes known as ) is the name of two heroines in two connected legends from Norse mythology which were very popular in medieval Scandinavia. Both appear in the Völsunga saga, which was adapted into other works such as Wagner's 'Ring' cycle, including its famous opera Die Walküre. Signy is also the name of two characters in several other sagas.
The first Signy is the daughter of King Völsung. She was married to the villainous Geatish king Siggeir who has her whole family treacherously murdered, except for her brother Sigmund. She saves her brother, has an incestuous affair with him and bears the son Sinfjötli. She burnt herself to death with her hated husband.
The second Signy is the daughter of King Siggeir's nephew Sigar. She fell in love with the Sea-King Hagbard, and promised him that she would not live if he died. They were discovered and Hagbard was sentenced to be hanged. Hagbard managed to signal this to Signy who set her house on fire and died in the flames whereupon Hagbard hanged himself in the gallows. See Hagbard and Signy.
A third Signy is the daughter of a witch named Grid in Illuga saga Gríðarfóstra. They are both delivered from a curse by a young man named Illugi.
A fourth Signy was Hroðgar's sister in Skjöldunga saga and Hrólfs saga kraka. She is unnamed in Beowulf.
In Völsunga saga
Signy was the only daughter of King Völsung of Hunaland and Hljod the giantess. She and her twin brother Sigmund were the oldest of Volsung's eleven children. Signy reluctantly married King Siggeir of Gautland after he asked King Volsung for her hand. It was at their wedding feast that Sigmund drew the sword Gram from Barnstokkr.
Three months after her wedding, Signy's father and brothers visited her at her new home in Gautland. Signy warned them of her husband's plan to betray them. Despite her warning, Volsung is killed and all of Signy's brothers are captured. At Signy's request, her brothers are put in the stocks rather than executed, but each night one was killed by a she-wolf. When only Sigmund was left alive, Signy sent a man to smear honey on his face and mouth, which the wolf only licked, allowing Sigmund to escape alive. Signy then helped her brother to hide in the woods.
Signy wanted nothing but to see her father's death avenged. She sent her elder son to Sigmund for him to help in this endeavor. When Sigmund revealed to her that he was unworthy, Signy told Sigmund to kill him, which he did. The same happened to her younger son.
Signy met a sorceress with whom she exchanged shapes. Signy, looking like the sorceress, went to her brother in the woods and slept with him for three nights. She then returned to the castle and regained her appearance. After a time she gave birth to a son Sinfjötli. He was also sent to her brother in the forest when he was nine years old. Sigmund and Sinfjötli kill Siggeir to avenge the death of their father/grandfather together. It is only after this that Signy informs Sigmund of the incest that led to Sinfjötli's birth. Signy then walks into the fire that is killing her husband, announcing, "In everything I have worked toward the killing of King Siggeir. I have worked so hard to bring about vengeance that I am by no means fit to live. Willingly I will now die with King Siggeir, although I married him reluctantly."
References
Heroes in Norse myths and legends
Völsung cycle
Incest in mythology
sv:Signe
Julie Kirwan is a camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2005 and an Ireland medal in 2004. She was nominated for further All Star awards in 2004, and on the Tipperary team defeated in the Ireland finals of 2005 and 2006.
References
Living people
Tipperary camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Alessandro Giannessi and Gianluca Naso were the defending champions. Giannessi did not compete, while Naso partnered Alessio di Mauro, and lost in the first round to Gerard Granollers and Jordi Samper Montaña.
Hans Podlipnik Castillo and Stefano Travaglia won the title, defeating Granollers and Samper Montaña in the final, 6–2, 6–7(4–7), [10–7].
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Morocco - Meknes - Doubles
2014 Doubles
Meknes - Doubles
Mikołajowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately south-east of Legnickie Pole, south-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Notable residents
Wilhelm Iwan (1871-1958), from 1911 to 1939 local Lutheran pastor
References
Villages in Legnica County
Michelle Suárez Bértora (21 February 1983 – 22 April 2022) was a Uruguayan activist, lawyer, lecturer, politician, and writer. She was Uruguay's first transgender university graduate, first trans lawyer, and first transgender person elected to office.
Biography
Michelle Suárez Bértora was born 21 February 1983 in Salinas, Canelones Department, Uruguay. She transitioned at the age of 15 with the support of her mother. Studious, she followed her dream and became an attorney. Suárez went to primary and secondary school in Salinas before entering university in 2004. After six years of study, and a legal transition to allow her to graduate with her proper gender, Suárez earned her doctorate. She was the first (and only) trans-woman to become a lawyer in Uruguay graduating in 2010 from the University of the Republic as the first transgender person to complete university studies in the country. In 2014, she also became the first transgender person elected to the Uruguayan legislature.
Suárez was a member of, and the legal adviser to, the organization "Ovejas Negras" (Black Sheep), an LGBT rights organization. She joined in 2010, shortly after the death of her mother. Working was cathartic for dealing with her grief and she immediately set out to draft the equal marriage proposal, which was presented to Congress in 2011. The bill initially passed the Senate in 2012 and after review by the judicial committee received final approval in 2013.
Suárez was also a body-image activist. Constantly asked about her obesity, she recognized that women must follow a rigid aesthetic. She has said it is sometimes even more of a struggle for transgender individuals, as multiple minorities. The stereotype of young, "modelish," and eternally beautiful in Suárez's view is absurd and oppressive for all women.
Suarez's belief was that prejudices must be addressed by legal standards which are substantive and accompanied by public debate. She has written a book to address implementation of human rights for those who have difficulties because of their orientation or gender identity.
Suarez was sworn into the Uruguayan senate in October 2017, becoming the first transgender senator in the nation's history. In December 2017, Suarez resigned her seat in the senate after she was found guilty in a criminal investigation of forging legal documents while working as an attorney.
Saurez died on 23 April 2022, at the age of 39.
Selected works
2012, Hacia una Igualdad Sustantiva Mujer y Salud en Uruguay ()
See also
List of transgender people
References
1983 births
2022 deaths
Transgender rights activists
Transgender women
Transgender writers
LGBT rights activists from Uruguay
21st-century Uruguayan women writers
Uruguayan women writers
People from Canelones Department
University of the Republic (Uruguay) alumni
Members of the Senate of Uruguay
Broad Front (Uruguay) politicians
Transgender politicians
LGBT writers from Uruguay
21st-century Uruguayan women politicians
21st-century Uruguayan politicians
LGBT legislators
21st-century Uruguayan writers
The equestrian statue of Charles Devens (also known as the Worcester County Devens Memorial Statue) is a public monument in Worcester, Massachusetts, United States. Located in front of the old Worcester County Courthouse in the Institutional District, the equestrian statue honors Charles Devens, who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War and later served as United States Attorney General. The statue was designed by Daniel Chester French and Edward Clark Potter and was dedicated on July 4, 1906.
History
Background
Charles Devens was born in Charlestown, Massachusetts, United States on April 4, 1820. In his youth, he attended the Boston Latin School. He graduated from Harvard College in 1838 and received a Bachelor of Laws degree from Harvard Law School in 1840. He began practicing law in 1841. Devens became involved in politics shortly thereafter, serving as a member of the Massachusetts Senate from Franklin County between 1848 and 1849, and between 1849 and 1853, he served as the United States marshal for the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. During the American Civil War, Devens served in the Union Army as the major of a rifle battalion and later than colonel of the 15th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment. By the end of the war, Devens had reached the rank of general and had been wounded at both the Battle of Fair Oaks and the Battle of Chancellorsville. He resumed his law career following the war and in 1873 became an associate justice for the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. In 1877, he was appointed the United States Attorney General by President Rutherford B. Hayes, a position he would hold until 1881. Devens would later die in Boston on January 7, 1891.
Creation
Efforts towards the erection of a monument honoring Devens began in late 1891 when United States Senator George Frisbie Hoar of Massachusetts sent requests to many prominent citizens from Worcester with the following letter on November 9:
At the meeting, a committee of 35 men was formed for the purposes of raising funds for the monument, and a circular discussing the monument and its projected cost of $15,000 was prepared. However, no further action was taken by the committee, and the project languished for about a decade. The idea for a monument was revived in fall 1901 during a meeting of the veterans' organization for the 15th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment. A committee was formed by the organization, and in March 1902, a general committee consisting of many prominent citizens from the area was formed. Notable members included Hoar, Rufus B. Dodge Jr. (mayor of Worcester), Thomas Corwin Mendenhall (president of the Worcester Polytechnic Institute), Daniel Merriman (president of the Worcester Art Museum), and multiple members of the veterans' organization, among others. On April 4, 1902, the Massachusetts General Court granted an act of incorporation on the "Worcester County Memorial Devens' Statue Commission".
Following this, the commission began to raise public funds for the monument. The city of Worcester appropriated $7,500, while $5,000 was appropriated by Worcester County, with roughly $4,000 in additional funding appropriated by several other towns in the county. On July 12, 1902, the commission voted to hire the sculptors Daniel Chester French and Edward Clark Potter to design an equestrian statue of Devens, at a cost of no more than $30,000. French and Potter had collaborated on several equestrian statues before this, and as with their previous collaborations, French was responsible for the human part of the statue, while Potter was responsible for the horse. On November 27, 1903, the sculptors submitted a model of the proposed statue, which was accepted by the commission. Additionally, the architect Robert D. Andrews from Boston was hired to design the pedestal for the statue. The George D. Webb Granite and Construction Co. was contracted to create the pedestal, while Jno. Williams, Inc., a foundry in New York City, was responsible for the creation of tablets and letterings that would be fixed to the pedestal. On October 17, 1903, the commission accepted the final design of the statue by French and Potter, and subsequently, the model was sent to the Gorham Manufacturing Company in Providence, Rhode Island for casting. Senator Hoar had managed to get several condemned cannons to be appropriated by the United States Congress to be used in the casting, with a total value of approximately $2,000.
Dedication
In December 1905, work on the monument was nearing completion, and the commission assembled a committee to plan the statue's dedication. The committee petitioned the city council of Worcester for permission to place the monument on public land in front of the Worcester County Court House, which was granted. The unveiling ceremony took place on July 4, 1906 (Independence Day) in front of the courthouse, with approximately 250 militia members and over 1,000 Civil War veterans in attendance. A parade was held, with Massachusetts Governor Curtis Guild Jr. and Worcester mayor John T. Duggan present, during which the state colors of the 15th Regiment, which had been carried during the Battle of Antietam, were carried. Every post of the Grand Army of the Republic was represented in the parade. Seats on the courthouse steps were set up for many of the veterans, while a speaking platform was built at the top of the steps. The parade, which followed mostly along the city's main street, ended around 10 a.m., with the veterans seated by 10:30 a.m.
The speakers assembled at the top of the steps included Governor Guild, Lieutenant Governor Eben Sumner Draper, Secretary of War William Howard Taft, and Chief Justice Marcus Perrin Knowlton and associate justice Henry Braley of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, among others. Shortly before 11 a.m., William Franklin Draper (who had become the head of the commission following Hoar's death in 1904) called the ceremony to order, with Merriman (a reverend) giving a prayer. Following the prayer, Governor Guild gave a speech celebrating Devens and highlighting his contributions to the state, which was followed by a speech by William Draper. Afterwards, Charles Devens Osborne, a grandnephew of Devens, officially unveiled the statue. The band played "The Star-Spangled Banner" amidst cheers from the crowd, and afterwards, a member of the county commissioners officially accepted the statue on behalf of the county. Afterwards, William Draper introduced Stewart L. Woodford, a politician and former Union Army officer from New York, as the orator for the ceremony. Following his speech, the band played "America", and after the end of the ceremony, veterans were treated to a luncheon in the city's armory. In total, approximately 10,000 spectators were present for the ceremony.
Recent history
In 1950, during an expansion of the court house building, the statue was moved several feet, and today the statue stands at the intersection of Main Street and Highland Street, still on the court house grounds, overlooking Lincoln Square. In 1994, the monument was surveyed as part of the Save Outdoor Sculpture! project. In 2015, the old court house, which had been vacant since 2008, was sold to developers with the intent to convert the building to apartments. As part of the sale, agreements were made regarding continued historic preservation of the property by the developers, including for the Devens statue. A 2017 article in the Telegram & Gazette discussing renovations to the building stated that the statue would remain in place in front of the courthouse.
Design
The monument consists of a bronze equestrian statue of Devens atop a rectangular granite pedestal. Devens is depicted in his Civil War uniform, partially covered by a heavy coat, with his right hand holding the horse's reigns. The statue stands tall, while the pedestal is approximately tall. The width of the pedestal is approximately . A bronze tablet affixed to the rear of the pedestal bears the following inscription:
The inscription on the front of the pedestal reads:
Additionally, the commission specified "[t]hat on the south side of the base the several organizations known as Worcester County Regiments, Battalions and Companies be placed, and on the north side of the base the names of the several cities and towns, with the number of men furnished by each." These organizations, inscribed on the left side of the base, are as follows:
Analysis
Art historian Michael Richman compared the statue to a similar equestrian statue of Ulysses S. Grant created several years earlier by French and Potter in Philadelphia, saying it was "reminiscent of the Grant without being imitative." In a 2019 work on Civil War memorials in the United States, Thomas J. Brown stated that "[t]he decision to honor Devens as a military leader typified the recent reconfiguration of American priorities" and that while Devens "failed to achieve much battlefield success", the decision to represent him as a soldier was articulated by Hoar, who said, "whatever may be said by the philosopher, the moralist, or the preacher, the instincts of the greater portion of mankind will lead them to award the highest meed of admiration to the military character." Discussing both the Devens statue and a later equestrian statue French created for William Franklin Draper, Brown argues that "[i]n French's statues of Devens and Draper, the lawyer and the industrialist blended into the army general, celebrating the extraction of obedience through compulsion."
Discussing French's works in a 2019 book, historian Harold Holzer stated that "[b]y the time the Devens statue was dedicated in 1906, the team of French and Potter had clearly established an aesthetically pleasing and financially lucrative formula to portray Civil War 'heroes'," but that French was growing tired of the genre, pointing out that it would be six years before French created another equestrian statue of a Civil War figure.
See also
1906 in art
List of equestrian statues in the United States
List of Union Civil War monuments and memorials
Public sculptures by Daniel Chester French
References
Bibliography
External links
1906 establishments in Massachusetts
1906 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Worcester, Massachusetts
Culture of Worcester, Massachusetts
Equestrian statues in Massachusetts
Outdoor sculptures in Massachusetts
Sculptures by Daniel Chester French
Sculptures of men in Massachusetts
Landmarks in Worcester, Massachusetts
Union (American Civil War) monuments and memorials in Massachusetts
László Szőke (born 21 August 1966) is a Hungarian boxer. He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. At the 1988 Summer Olympics, he lost to John Wanjau of Kenya.
References
1966 births
Living people
Hungarian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Hungary
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Boxers from Budapest
Featherweight boxers
Hans-Christoph Seebohm (4 August 1903 – 17 September 1967) was a German politician of the national conservative German Party (Deutsche Partei, DP) and after 1960 the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). He was the minister of Transport for 17 years and the vice-chancellor of West Germany in 1966.
Biography
Seebohm attended school in Dresden, Saxony and studied mining at the universities of Munich and Berlin-Charlottenburg. Passing the Staatsexamen in 1928, he worked as a junior civil servant at Halle and obtained a doctorate level degree from the Technical College of Berlin in 1932. He became a mining director at Silesian Gleiwitz and Bytom and upon the German occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1938/39 supervised the "Aryanization" of the mines at Královské Poříčí (Königswerth).
After World War II, he joined the regionalist Lower Saxon State Party in the British occupation zone under Heinrich Hellwege, which in 1947 was renamed German Party (DP). Seebohm became president of the chamber of commerce at Braunschweig and was a member of the Landtag state assembly of Lower Saxony from 1946 until 1951. From 1946 until 1948 he held the office of Minister for Reconstruction, Labour and Health in Hinrich Wilhelm Kopf's Lower Saxon state government. In the run-up to the first federal election of 1949, he and his party fellows Hellwege and von Merkatz negotiated a national conservative alliance with the Deutsche Rechtspartei and Hessian National Democrats, which however were aborted by the British occupation forces. In 1952, Seebohm was elected DP chairman, but refused to assume office.
Minister for Transport
From 1949 until his death he was a member of the Bundestag for the constituency of Hamburg-Harburg. From 20 September 1949 until 30 November 1966 he also served as Federal Minister for Transport, firstly under Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, who forced him to join the CDU in 1960 as he wouldn't support the DP any longer; then under Ludwig Erhard, under whom he ultimately, but briefly, served as Vice-Chancellor. Seebohm was a firm supporter of the Bundesbahn, and went to some length to hamstring the trucking industry. In April 1953, second trailers were prohibited. In 1954 a law was passed dictating that half of all transports in Germany had to be carried by train; this would be promoted by subventioning rates for train transports. Trucking remained popular, however, due to its higher flexibility. Thus, in 1956, the rules were tightened yet more: Sunday truck traffic was prohibited, along with a host of other new restrictions. Trucks were restricted to a GVW, with a maximum axle load of , and a maximum overall length of . A minimum power-to-weight requirement of 6 PS/tonne (max 373 lb/hp) was instituted. These various restrictions forced truck manufacturers to develop entirely new trucks meeting the ever tightening requirements, and had a detrimental effect on exports. In 1960 an easing of the restrictions was announced; railroad and trucking transport were now working in conjunction. Paradoxically, meeting the tough restrictions had forced the German trucking industry to become lean and innovative, leaving them in a much stronger position than before Seebohm's programs.
When the 1966 grand coalition under Chancellor Kurt Georg Kiesinger took office, he left the cabinet, having served as a federal minister for seventeen years, a record beaten only by Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher's 23 years (with an interruption in 1982) but as of 2011 still the record for uninterrupted service.
Spokesperson for the Sudeten Germans
From 1959 Seebohm acted as spokesperson of the Sudetendeutsche Landsmannschaft (Sudeten German Homeland Association) of German expellees from Czechoslovakia, where he held his so-called "weekend speeches". In line with West German government policy at the time, he questioned the borders of Germany, referring to the borders of the 1937 German Reich as base of any border revision and stating that Germans should also never forget about the eastern territories lost after World War I according to the resolutions of the Treaty of Versailles, while at the same time even demanding restoration of the 1938 Munich Agreement.
Seebohm died a few months after his retirement and is buried in the Bad Pyrmont cemetery.
References
External links
1903 births
1967 deaths
Government ministers of Germany
Transport ministers of Germany
Members of the Bundestag for Hamburg
Members of the Bundestag for Lower Saxony
Members of the Bundestag 1965–1969
Members of the Bundestag 1961–1965
Members of the Bundestag 1957–1961
Members of the Bundestag 1953–1957
Members of the Bundestag 1949–1953
German Party (1947) politicians
People from the Province of Silesia
Vice-Chancellors of Germany
Members of the Landtag of Lower Saxony
Grand Crosses 1st class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Democratic Union of Germany
Uncial 061 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1035 (Soden); is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 5th century.
Description
The codex contains a part of the First Epistle to Timothy (3:15-16; 4:1-3; 6:2-8), on two small leaves (14 cm by 12 cm), both damaged. The text is written in one column per page, 19 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type with some singular readings. Aland placed it in Category V.
Codex 061 is cited in the Textual Apparatus of the UBS-4, but not in that of the Nestle-Aland edition. It has a singular reading of ᾧ ἐφανερώθη (he revealed) in 1 Timothy 3:16.
It is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
The codex is located now in Louvre (Ms. E 7332), in Paris.
See also
List of New Testament uncials
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
Theodor Zahn, Forschungen zur Geschichte des neutestamentlichen Kanons III, Supplementum Clementinum (Erlangen, 1884), pp. 277-278.
B. Reicke, Les Deux Fragments grecs onciaux de I Tim. appelés 061 publiés, Coniectanea Neotestamentica 11 (Uppsala, 1947), pp. 196-206.
External links
Uncial 061 at the Encyclopedia of Textual Criticism
Greek New Testament uncials
5th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts of the Louvre
Syarhey Ignatovich (; ; born 29 June 1992) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for Isloch Minsk Raion.
Honours
Dinamo Brest
Belarusian Super Cup winner: 2020
References
External links
Profile at Dinamo Minsk website
1992 births
Living people
People from Mogilev
Sportspeople from Mogilev Region
Belarusian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Belarus international footballers
FC Dinamo Minsk players
FC Bereza-2010 players
FC Dynamo Brest players
FC Minsk players
FC Isloch Minsk Raion players
July 1978: The Complete Recordings is a live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead. Packaged as a box set, and produced as a limited edition of 15,000 copies, it contains five complete concerts on twelve CDs. It was released on May 13, 2016.
July 7, 1978 was the band's first appearance at Colorado's Red Rocks Amphitheatre (there were actually four dates in succession at the venue, with the band taking a seven-week break halfway in between for the recording of Shakedown Street). They played annual runs at Red Rocks through 1987, missing only 1980, 1981, and 1986. An additional date was originally scheduled for Milwaukee Summerfest, on July 2, but had to be cancelled. Though relatively short, this is the third complete tour to be officially released by the band, following the twenty two-date tour of Western Europe in 1972, and the sixteen-date winter / spring 1990 tour of the eastern United States.
The concerts were recorded by audio engineer Betty Cantor-Jackson. They are among a number of soundboard recordings by Cantor-Jackson — known as "Betty boards" — that were long missing from the Grateful Dead's vault of concert recordings. The tapes eventually were returned to the band, and production of the album began some months later.
Concerts
The album includes all five of the band's July 1978 concerts.
July 1, 1978 – Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri
July 3, 1978 – St. Paul Civic Center Arena, Saint Paul, Minnesota
July 5, 1978 – Omaha Civic Auditorium, Omaha, Nebraska
July 7, 1978 – Red Rocks Amphitheatre, Morrison, Colorado
July 8, 1978 – Red Rocks Amphitheatre, Morrison, Colorado
Track listing
July 1, 1978 – Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri
Disc 1
"Bertha" > (Jerry Garcia, Robert Hunter) – 7:02
"Good Lovin'" (Arthur Resnick, Rudy Clark) – 6:30
"Tennessee Jed" (Garcia, Hunter) – 8:49
"Jack Straw" (Bob Weir, Hunter) – 6:03
"Friend of the Devil" (Garcia, John Dawson, Hunter) – 8:20
"Me and My Uncle" > (John Phillips) – 2:56
"Big River" (Johnny Cash) – 5:16
Disc 2
"Terrapin Station" > (Garcia, Hunter, Kreutzmann, Hart) – 11:01
"Playing in the Band" > (Weir, Mickey Hart, Hunter) – 8:56
"Rhythm Devils" > (Hart, Bill Kreutzmann) – 8:51
"Space" > (Garcia, Phil Lesh, Weir, Keith Godchaux) - 3:51
"Estimated Prophet" > (Weir, John Barlow) – 11:05
"The Other One" > (Weir, Kreutzmann) – 5:13
"Wharf Rat" > (Garcia, Hunter) – 10:01
"Around and Around" (Chuck Berry) – 8:25
Encore:
"Johnny B. Goode" (Berry) – 4:15
Note: The Dead played one set on this date, as part of Willie Nelson's annual 4th of July Picnic.
July 3, 1978 – St. Paul Civic Center Arena, St. Paul, Minnesota
Disc 1
First set:
"New Minglewood Blues" (Traditional) – 5:40
"Loser" (Garcia, Hunter) – 7:35
"Looks Like Rain" (Weir, Barlow) – 7:51
"Ramble On Rose" (Garcia, Hunter) – 7:25
Mexicali Blues" > (Weir, Barlow) - 3:26
"Mama Tried" (Merle Haggard) – 3:24
"Peggy-O" (traditional, arranged by Grateful Dead) – 8:09
"Cassidy" (Weir, Barlow) – 5:08
"Deal" > (Garcia, Hunter) – 6:13
"The Music Never Stopped" (Weir, Barlow) – 8:20
Disc 2
Second set:
"Scarlet Begonias" > (Garcia, Hunter) – 10:16
"Fire on the Mountain" (Hart, Hunter) – 9:39
"Dancing in the Street" > (Marvin Gaye, Ivy Jo Hunter, William "Mickey" Stevenson) – 13:32
"Rhythm Devils" > (Hart, Kreutzmann) – 11:10
"Not Fade Away" > (Charles Hardin, Norman Petty) – 6:46
"Stella Blue" > (Garcia, Hunter) – 10:51
"Sugar Magnolia" (Weir, Hunter) – 9:19
Encore:
"Werewolves of London" (LeRoy Marinell, Waddy Wachtel, Warren Zevon) – 7:12
July 5, 1978 – Omaha Civic Auditorium, Omaha, Nebraska
Disc 1
First set:
"Sugaree" (Garcia, Hunter) –9:51
"Beat It On Down the Line" (Jesse Fuller) – 3:28
"They Love Each Other" (Garcia, Hunter) – 7:12
"Looks Like Rain" (Weir, Barlow) – 7:59
"Dire Wolf" (Garcia, Hunter) – 3:49
"It's All Over Now" (Bobby Womack, Shirley Womack) – 8:22
"Candyman" (Hunter, Garcia) – 6:41
"Lazy Lightning" > (Weir, Barlow) – 3:27
"Supplication" (Weir, Barlow) –5:27
Second set:
"Deal" (Garcia, Hunter) – 6:13
"Samson and Delilah" (traditional, arranged by Grateful Dead) – 7:08
"Ship of Fools" (Garcia, Hunter) – 7:41
Disc 2
"Estimated Prophet" > (Weir, Barlow) – 12:42
"Eyes of the World" > (Garcia, Hunter) – 12:23
"Rhythm Devils" > (Hart, Kreutzmann) – 7:56
"Space" > (Garcia, Lesh, Weir, Godchaux) - 7:28
"Wharf Rat" > (Garcia, Hunter) – 9:43
"Truckin'" > (Garcia, Lesh, Weir, Hunter) – 7:29
"Iko Iko" > (James "Sugar Boy" Crawford, Barbara Ann Hawkins, Rosa Lee Hawkins, Joan Marie Johnson) – 7:23
"Around and Around" (Berry) – 8:27
Encore:
"Promised Land" (Chuck Berry) – 4:13
July 7, 1978 – Red Rocks Amphitheatre, Morrison, Colorado
Disc 1
First set:
"Jack Straw" (Bob Weir, Hunter) – 5:49
"Candyman" (Hunter, Garcia) – 6:41
"Me and My Uncle" > (John Phillips) – 3:00
"Big River" (Johnny Cash) – 5:53
"Friend of the Devil" (Garcia, John Dawson, Hunter) – 8:36
"Cassidy" (Weir, Barlow) – 5:06
"Tennessee Jed" (Garcia, Hunter) – 9:11
"Passenger" (Lesh, Peter Monk) – 5:31
"Peggy-O" (traditional, arranged by Grateful Dead) – 9:10
"The Music Never Stopped" (Weir, Barlow) – 8:13
Disc 2
Second set:
"Cold Rain and Snow" (traditional, arranged by Grateful Dead) – 7:26
"Beat It On Down the Line" (Jesse Fuller) – 3:38
"Scarlet Begonias" > (Garcia, Hunter) – 10:18
"Fire on the Mountain" (Hart, Hunter) – 8:10
Disc 3
"Dancing in the Street" > (Gaye, Hunter, Stevenson) – 8:57
"Rhythm Devils" > (Hart, Kreutzmann) – 10:12
"Space" > (Garcia, Lesh, Weir, Godchaux) - 6:09
"Not Fade Away" > (Charles Hardin, Norman Petty) – 11:04
"Black Peter" > (Garcia, Hunter) – 10:29
"Around and Around" (Berry) – 8:44
Encore:
"U.S. Blues" (Garcia, Hunter) – 5:55
"Johnny B. Goode" (Berry) – 4:16
July 8, 1978 – Red Rocks Amphitheatre, Morrison, Colorado
Disc 1
First set:
"Bertha" > (Jerry Garcia, Robert Hunter) > – 6:43
"Good Lovin'" (Resnick, Clark) – 6:40
"Dire Wolf" (Garcia, Hunter) – 4:07
"El Paso" (Marty Robbins) – 4:25
"It Must Have Been the Roses" (Hunter) – 7:16
"New Minglewood Blues" (traditional, arranged by Grateful Dead) – 6:09
"Ramble On Rose" (Garcia, Hunter) – 8:34
"Promised Land" (Chuck Berry) – 4:37
"Deal" (Garcia, Hunter) – 6:26
Second set:
"Samson and Delilah" (traditional, arranged by Grateful Dead) – 7:44
"Ship of Fools" (Garcia, Hunter) – 7:45
Disc 2
"Estimated Prophet" > (Weir, Barlow) – 13:08
"The Other One" > (Weir, Kreutzmann) – 8:51
"Eyes of the World" > (Garcia, Hunter) – 10:34
"Rhythm Devils" > (Hart, Kreutzmann) – 10:29
"Space" > (Garcia, Godchaux, Lesh, Weir) – 5:03
"Wharf Rat" > (Garcia, Hunter) – 8:43
"Franklin's Tower" > (Garcia, Hunter, Kreutzmann) – 10:39
"Sugar Magnolia" (Weir, Hunter) – 9:31
Disc 3
Encore:
"Terrapin Station" > (Garcia, Hunter, Kreutzmann, Hart) – 10:48
"One More Saturday Night" (Weir) – 5:13
"Werewolves of London" (Marinell, Wachtel, Zevon) – 6:44
Note: This show was simultaneously released as a stand-alone edition.
Personnel
Grateful Dead
Jerry Garcia – guitar, vocals
Donna Jean Godchaux – vocals
Keith Godchaux – keyboards
Mickey Hart – drums
Bill Kreutzmann – drums
Phil Lesh – bass
Bob Weir – guitar, vocals
Production
Produced by Grateful Dead
Produced for release by David Lemieux
Mastering: Jeffrey Norman
Recording: Betty Cantor-Jackson
Art direction, design: Steve Vance
Cover art: Paul Pope
Liner notes: Nicholas Meriwether, David Lemieux
Charts
References
Grateful Dead live albums
2016 live albums
Rhino Entertainment live albums
Kazanka () is a rural locality (a village) in Kundashlinsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 201 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Kazanka is located 91 km southeast of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Taykash is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
There were three special elections to the United States House of Representatives in 1997 during the 105th United States Congress. Republicans had a net one-seat gain over the Democrats.
Summary
Elections are listed by date and district.
|-
!
| Frank Tejeda
| | Democratic
| 1992
| | Incumbent died January 30, 1997.New member elected April 12, 1997.Democratic hold.
| nowrap |
|-
!
| Bill Richardson
| | Democratic
| 1982
| | Incumbent resigned February 13, 1997 to become U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations.New member elected May 13, 1997.Republican gain.
| nowrap |
|-
!
| Susan Molinari
| | Republican
| 1990
| | Incumbent resigned August 2, 1997, to become a journalist for CBS.New member elected November 5, 1997.Republican hold.
| nowrap |
|}
New Mexico's 3rd district
The election was held in the historically Democratic district after the resignation of Democrat Bill Richardson, who became the United States Ambassador to the United Nations. Bill Redmond won the May 13 election and became the only Republican to ever represent this district.
Texas's 28th district
Incumbent Frank Tejeda died of brain cancer soon after the congressional elections. As no candidate received an outright majority during the first round on March 15, 1997 a special runoff was held on April 12, 1997, which was won by State Representative Ciro Rodriguez.
New York's 13th district
References
1997
War in Pakistan may refer to:
Insurgency in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Insurgency in Balochistan
Indo-Pakistani wars and conflicts
Cabled observatories are seabed oceanographic research platforms connected to the surface by undersea cables. Such cables supply both power and telecommunications to instruments. By removing the limitations of undersea power sources and sonar or RF communications, cabled observatories allow persistent study of underwater phenomena. A single cable can support multiple observation sites via individual "drops;" multiple or branching cables may then provide data in 2D or 3D.
The extent of coverage is limited by the high cost of laying dedicated undersea cable. Initial experiments used abandoned communications cables; efforts are in progress to extend observations at lower cost by accessing more such cables.
Despite their advantages, cabled observatories can (and do) relay compromised data to scientists, particularly when located in remote parts of the ocean. Factors such as instrumental malfunction and biofouling are often responsible for this. Systematic improvements, to lessen the impacts of such factors, are currently being studied by groups such as Ocean Networks Canada.
List of cabled observatories
Monterey Accelerated Research System (MARS)
NEPTUNE
VENUS
Liquid Jungle Lab (LJL) Panama- PLUTO
(Hawaii-2 Observatory)- early experiment
ALOHA
ESONET
FixO3
Ocean Observatories Initiative Cabled Array
Exploration & Remote Instrumentation by Students (ERIS)
See also
Mooring (oceanography)
Benthic lander
References
Oceanography
Oceanographic instrumentation
Submarine communications cables
Cyperus hieronymi is a species of sedge that is native to southern parts of South America. It occurs in Argentina, Bolivia and Paraguay.
The species was first formally described by the botanist Johann Otto Boeckeler in 1888.
See also
List of Cyperus species
References
hieronymi
Taxa named by Johann Otto Boeckeler
Plants described in 1888
Flora of Argentina
Flora of Bolivia
Flora of Paraguay
Faradiele is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 2130.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Herlihy is an Irish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
David Herlihy (1930–1991), American historian
David V. Herlihy (born 1958), American author and historian
Ed Herlihy (1909–1999), American newsreel narrator
Gavan Herlihy (born 1947), New Zealand politician
James Leo Herlihy (1927–1993), American writer
Maurice Herlihy (born 1954), American computer scientist
Patricia Herlihy (1930-2018), American historian
Thomas Herlihy (1956-2015), American politician
Tim Herlihy (born 1966), American actor and producer
Surnames of Irish origin
Surnames of British Isles origin
Anglicised Irish-language surnames
Eceköy is a village in the Tefenni district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Tefenni District
Carlos Nieto Herrero (born 6 May 1996) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza. Mainly a left back, he also plays as a central defender or midfielder.
Football career
Born in Zaragoza, Nieto graduated from local Real Zaragoza's youth setup, and made his senior debuts with the reserves in the 2013–14 campaign, while still a junior, in Tercera División. In the 2014 summer he was definitely promoted to the B-team, now in Segunda División B.
On 14 September 2014 Nieto played his first match as a professional, starting in a 1–1 home draw against CE Sabadell FC in the Segunda División championship. He would resume his spell mainly with the B-side in the following campaigns, achieving promotion from Tercera División in 2017.
On 1 August 2018, Nieto extended his contract until 2022 and was definitely promoted to the main squad.
References
External links
Zaragoza official profile
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Zaragoza
Spanish footballers
Association football defenders
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Real Zaragoza B players
Real Zaragoza players
Liopropomini is one of the five tribes in the subfamily Epinephelinae, the group including the groupers, which is part of the family Serranidae which also includes the anthias and the sea basses. They are found mainly in the Indo-Pacific region and in the Western Atlantic Ocean with a single species in the eastern Atlantic.
Genera
The following genera are included within the Liopropomini:
Bathyanthias Günther, 1880
Liopropoma Gill, 1861
Rainfordia McCulloch, 1923
References
Epinephelinae
Fish tribes
The LK50GY (Pulse Rage 50 – LK50GY-2 in Europe) is a motorcycle manufactured by Pulse Motorcycles Ltd and is currently their only 50 cc sport moped. The manufacturer's suggested retail price (SRP) for the LK50GY in the UK market is £1395. The LK50GY is particularly popular amongst 16-year-old learner drivers. The LK50GY is also very fuel economical as the manufacturer's advised fuel consumption is 141.24 MPG. The bike is 7/8 of the size of an average bike, making it easier to maneuver and support for beginners and riders of a smaller size.
External links
Specifications
Engine
Single cylinder four-stroke, air cooled.
Engine Brand: LK139QMB
Displacement: 50cc
Advised Fuel Consumption: 141.24 MPG
Ignition: Electronic
Starting Method: Electric, Key start
Power: 2.25 bhp
Top Speed: 50 mph depending on rider and year of bike's manufacture (35 mph when restricted for learner usage)
Dry Weight
108 kg
Gear box
Automatic
Final drive
Belt Driven
Frame
Cast aluminium with plastic fairing
Suspension
Front suspension: Telescopic Forks
Rear suspension: Twin Shock Absorber
Brakes
Front: Hydraulic Disc
Rear: Drum
Wheels
Five spoke aluminium alloy
Tires
Tubeless radial. Front 130/60-13; rear 130/70-12.
Fuel tank capacity
7 litres / 1.5gal
Battery Voltage
12V
Battery Capacity
7a
EEC Approval Number
e4*2002/24*1681*01
Colors
Metallic Black
Metallic Silver
Metallic Red
External links
http://www.pulsemoto.co.uk/view_LK50GY-2.php.
Motorcycles of China
Motorcycles introduced in 2006
Nasiba Jahangir gizi Zeynalova (; 20 April 1916 – 10 March 2004) was a Soviet and Azerbaijani actress. People's Artist of Azerbaijan SSR (1967).
Life and career
Nasiba Zeynalova was born in Baku (then part of the Russian Empire, present-day capital of Azerbaijan), the daughter of merchant and stage actor Jahangir Zeynalov. The family fled to Iran just before the Azeri massacre of March 1918 committed by Bolshevik military units in Baku. Her father died during their trip back home in September 1918, via the Caspian Sea.
While in secondary school she attended dance courses. In 1932 she joined Rza Tahmasib's drama club. In 1937 she joined a vagrant theatre troupe and toured several Azerbaijani towns. In 1938 she started working at the Azerbaijan State Academic Theatre of Musical Comedy. She earned a degree at the Baku School of Theatre.
In the following years Nasiba Zeynalova acted in 22 films and around 70 plays, as well as in numerous television sketches. She is most remembered for the roles of Fatmanisa in Ogey ana (Stepmother, 1958), Sughra in Bizim Jabish muallim (Our Teacher Jabish, 1969), Jannat in Gayinana (Mother-in-law, 1978) and Auntie Asli in Beyin ogurlanmasi (The Kidnapping of the Groom, 1985). In 1967, she was named People's Artist of Azerbaijan SSR.
Filmography
Ögey ana (1958)
Mollanın sərgüzəşti (1960)
Böyük dayaq (1962)
Ulduz (1964)
Qanun naminə (1968)
Bizim Cəbiş müəllim (1969)
Dəli Kür (1969)
O qızı tapın (1970)
Bizim küçənin oğlanları (1973)
1001-ci qastrol (1974)
Любовь с первого взгляда (1975)
Xoşbəxtlik qayğıları (1976)
Qayınana (1978)
Mən mahnı bəsləyirəm (1978)
За закрытой дверью (1981)
Не бойся, я с тобой (1981)
Bəyin oğurlanması (1985)
Qəm pəncərəsi (1986)
Xüsusi vəziyyət (1986)Gecə qatarında qətl (1990)Güllələnmə təxirə salınır (1993)Yuxu (1995)Məhəllə'' (2003)
References
1916 births
2004 deaths
20th-century Azerbaijani actresses
21st-century Azerbaijani actresses
Actors from Baku
Honored Artists of the Azerbaijan SSR
People's Artists of Azerbaijan
Recipients of the Order of Friendship of Peoples
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Recipients of the Shohrat Order
Azerbaijani film actresses
Azerbaijani stage actresses
Soviet Azerbaijani people
Soviet film actresses
Soviet stage actresses
Burials at Alley of Honor
Sabaur railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside Patel Nagar Road at Sabaur, Bhagalpur in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
Urban Investment Partners is company that develops apartments in Washington D.C. The company was founded in 1999 by Steve Schwat and Wout Couster. In 2019 and 2020, tenants of a building owned by Urban Investment Partners launched a rent strike to protest mold, lead, poor maintenance, and other problems with the building. The company initiated eviction proceedings against the non-paying tenants.
Perdomo National Wrecking Company sued the company in 2018 for $221,000, alleging that Urban did not make "timely and complete payments" for work performed. In January, 2020, Edge Commercial sued Urban Investment Partners for breach of contract. As of May, 2020, the company had not issued rent relief to tenants affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
History
Urban Investment Partners originally specialized in acquiring and renovating brick buildings subject to rent control. The company developed or invested in the following properties:
Hall on Virginia Avenue in Foggy Bottom
3 buildings near American University in Tenleytown
The TRIBECA in NoMa
Policy, a 62-unit apartment community in Kalorama.
Onyx on First in the Capitol Riverfront business improvement district
3333 Wisconsin Ave NW in Cleveland Park
1483 Newton St NW in Columbia Heights
Frequency Apartments in Tenleytown
References
External links
1999 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Real estate companies based in Washington, D.C.
Real estate companies established in 1999
Real estate companies of the United States
Nikolay Alexeyevich Maklakov (9 September 1871 – 5 September 1918 (N.S.) was a Chamberlain of the Imperial court, a Russian monarchist, and a prominent right-wing statesman. He was a governor in the Ukrain and state councillor who served as Russia's Interior Minister from 16 December 1912 – 5 June 1915. His older brother, Vasily Maklakov was a famous lawyer and liberal deputy in the State Duma (Russian Empire); his younger brother was an ophthalmologist.
Biography
Nikolay was the son of an eye doctor in Moscow. He graduated from the historical-philological faculty of Imperial Moscow University (1893). The following year, he started to work for the Ministry of Finance. In 1893 he married to Princess Marie L. Obolensky (30 April 1874, Moscow - 25 September 1949, Menen).
On 7 June 1909 he was appointed acting Governor of Chernigov. The Emperor appointed him on 16 December 1912 as manager in the Ministry of Internal Affairs. The appointment took place, despite the stubborn resistance of the chairman of the Russian Council of Ministers Vladimir Kokovtsov, who, not without reason, feared that Maklakov, closely associated with influential right-wing of prince Vladimir Meshchersky, would prevent the government's liberal policies. He was a member of the Union of the Russian People and friendly with Vladimir Dzhunkovsky.
On 21 February 1913, Nikolay Maklakov was appointed as Minister of Interior. In his new position, Maklakov actively supported the monarchist movement. His reaction to the Siberian goldfield strike, ending in the Lena massacre, and believed to have made revolutionary feeling widespread in Russia for the first time, was "So it was. So it will be." Like his brother the lawyer he was involved in the Beilis case but on the opposite side.
Nikolay Maklakov prohibited the celebration of the poet Taras Shevchenko. The Minister pushed through the legislative establishment of 150 bills, including on the transformation of the police, the press, the zemstvo, on the transformation of the statistical section of the Ministry, and the second General census of the population.
(In May 1915, the anti-German mood in Moscow reached a provisional high point.) In June, Maklakov was forced to resign accused of supporting a peace with Germany. In December 1916, he appealed with a letter to the Tsar, in which he persuaded him to adopt a more rigid course, and to delay the resumption of sessions of the Duma to a later period. Maklakov was one of the few dignitaries, taken on the eve of the February 1917 real steps to prevent the revolution. The Emperor instructed Maklakov and Alexander Protopopov on 8 February 1917 to prepare a Manifesto on the dissolution of the Imperial State Duma. On 28 February, Maklakov was arrested, and almost torn to pieces when he was taken to prison. He remained in Kresty prison and was able to leave every now then the hospital until his death by firing squad in a public execution in Moscow's Petrovsky Park. His younger brother Alexey disappeared in the same year. His children escaped or fled to their uncle Vasily in Paris and participated in the White army.
References
1871 births
1918 deaths
Russian monarchists
Members of the State Council (Russian Empire)
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 1st class
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 3rd class
Victims of Red Terror in Soviet Russia
Grow Up is a novel by author Ben Brooks.
The novel was published in 2011 by Canongate Books Ltd. It centres on Jasper, a teenager who is in his final year of compulsory education and, like his friends, engages in drugs, sex and drink in his spare time.
The novel received mixed reviews. Anna Winter of The Observer wrote "Ben Brooks's coming-of-age novel has sex and drugs – but not a lot else" while a review on Scotsman.com said that "Grow Up is a sharp and witty exploration of adolescent life in modern Britain". "Brooks's novel is achingly self-reflexive" says reviewer Jane Housham of The Guardian. The reviewer for The Independent mentions a "horrible tendency to over-egg his similes and metaphors".
References
2011 British novels
Canongate Books books
Michael Constantino (born February 5, 1969) is a former U.S. soccer forward. He earned one cap with the U.S. national team and was a member of the U.S. team at the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Youth
Constantino graduated from the Friends Academy where he was a 1986 Parade Magazine High School All American soccer player. He attended the University of Pennsylvania where he played on the men's soccer team in 1986 and then from 1988 to 1990. He took the 1987 season off to play with the United States U-20 men's national soccer team. He returned to Penn in 1988 and completed his four seasons in 1990. He scored thirty career goals and was All Ivy League in 1986 and 1988. In May 2005, he was named to the University of Penn all century soccer team.
National teams
In 1987, Constantino was selected for the U.S. team which went to the U-20 World Cup in Chile. Constantino played all three games as the U.S. went 1-2 in group play; failing to qualify for the second round. Constantino earned his lone cap with the United States men's national soccer team in a 1-0 loss to Guatemala on January 10, 1988 in Guatemala City. He came off for Joey Kirk.
Post-playing career
In July 1996, Constantino was hired by Bear Stearns. He remained with the company for twelve years, moving to GMAC in September 2008.
References
External links
1969 births
American soccer players
Living people
Penn Quakers men's soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
Soccer players from New York (state)
Association football forwards
Brian Briggs (29 March 1932 – 2 August 1996) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. He played at representative level for Great Britain, England and Yorkshire, and at club level for Stanley Rangers, York, Huddersfield, St. Helens (Heritage No. 749) and Wakefield Trinity (Heritage No. 665), as a , i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Background
Brian Briggs was born in Wakefield, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Playing career
Career at St Helens
Brian Briggs was a stalwart for St. Helens playing over 80 matches mostly in the position. He was signed by St. Helens from Huddersfield on Friday 14 February 1958, and made his St. Helens début against Oldham on Saturday 15 February 1958. He was a hard running and tough tackling who added great steel to the St. Helens pack at the time. In 83 matches for St. Helens Brian Briggs scored 4 tries, kicked 11 goals for a total points aggregate of 34 points. Brian Brigg's first try for St. Helens came at Hunslet as St. Helens cruised to a 33 points to two victory. Brian Briggs also had the pleasure of watching Tom van Vollenhoven notch four tries that particular day. On Tuesday 14 April 1959 Brian Briggs scored a try and kicked two goals as St. Helens thumped Hull F.C. at Knowsley Road in front of 18,500 spectators. Brian Briggs managed to earn two caps for Yorkshire whilst at St. Helens. He partnered Dick Huddart in the resounding 1959 Championship Final 44 points to 22 thrashing of Hunslet, and he played his last match for St. Helens against Wigan in the Championship semi-final defeat on Saturday 7 May 1960. He transferred to the emerging great Wakefield Trinity side of the early 1960s for £5,000 (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £226,900 in 2013).
International honours
Brian Briggs, won a cap for England while at Huddersfield in 1956 against France, and won a cap for Great Britain while at Huddersfield in 1954 against New Zealand.
County honours
Brian Briggs won cap(s) for Yorkshire while at Wakefield Trinity.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Brian Briggs played left-, i.e. number 11, in Wakefield Trinity's 12–6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1962 Challenge Cup Final during the 1961–62 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 12 May 1962.
County Cup Final appearances
Brian Briggs played left-, i.e. number 11, in Huddersfield's 15–8 victory over York in the 1957 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1957–58 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 19 October 1957, played left- in St. Helens 2–12 defeat by Oldham in the 1958 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1958–59 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 25 October 1958, played left- in the 4–5 defeat by Warrington in the 1959 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1959–60 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 31 October 1959, Left- in Wakefield Trinity's 16–10 victory over Huddersfield in the 1960 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1960–61 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 29 October 1960, and played left- in the 19–9 victory over Leeds in the 1961 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1961–62 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 11 November 1961.
References
External links
Profile at saints.org.uk
Wakefield Win Cup 1962
Fender gets the plaudits
1932 births
1996 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Huddersfield Giants players
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league players from Wakefield
St Helens R.F.C. players
Wakefield Trinity players
York Wasps players
Yorkshire rugby league team players
Clan Guthrie is a Scottish clan.
History
Origins of the clan
The family of Guthrie took their name from the lands of the same name in the county of Angus and their name is one of the oldest in that county. The origin of the name Guthrie is not known, although there is a tradition that the lands were named Guthrie by an early king of Scots, after a fisherman gut three fish to serve his hungry monarch.
In about 1178 William the Lion granted the lands of Gutherin to Arbroath Abbey. The family were royal falconers and subsequently purchased these lands.
Wars of Scottish Independence
The Laird of Guthrie was sent to France in 1299 to invite William Wallace to return to Scotland. The mission was successful and Guthrie landed with Wallace at Montrose, Angus. The early charters of the Guthrie family have since been lost but it seems certain that they obtained the Barony of Guthrie from David II of Scotland.
15th century
In August 1442, Alexander Guthrie of Guthrie witnessed a charter by Alexander Seton, lord of Gordon to Lord Keith. He acquired the lands of Kincaldrum near Forfar in 1446 and became Baillie of Forfar. Sir David Guthrie of Guthrie was armour bearer to the king, captain of the guard and was appointed Lord Treasurer of Scotland in 1461. He also obtained a charter under the great seal to build Guthrie Castle in 1468 and in 1473 was appointed Lord Chief Justice of Scotland. David greatly increased the Guthrie estates and founded a collegiate church at Guthrie which was confirmed in a Papal bull of 1479.
16th century and clan conflicts
David's son, Sir Alexander Guthrie, was killed at the Battle of Flodden in 1513. In 1567 the Guthries signed a bond upholding the authority of the infant James VI of Scotland against that of his mother, Mary, Queen of Scots. Around the same time the Clan Guthrie were feuding with their neighbours, the Clan Gardyne. Alexander Guthrie had been assassinated at Inverpeffer and the Guthries retaliated. The feud lasted until 1618, when the Guthries were saved from their actions by a royal pardon.
17th century and civil war
In the early seventeenth century the estate passed through cousins until 1636 when John Guthrie, Bishop of Moray became the eleventh chief of Clan Guthrie. Guthrie had been ordained at Perth and had become minister of St Giles in Edinburgh in 1621. He took up residence at Spynie Palace in 1623 and was consecrated Bishop of Moray. During the Scottish Civil War he was forced to surrender his castle to the forces of Colonel Monroe, retiring to his own estates in Guthrie. His third son, Andrew, fought for James Graham, 1st Marquis of Montrose but was captured at the Battle of Philiphaugh. Andrew was sentenced to death and beheaded by the Scottish "Maiden" in January 1646 in St Andrews. Andrew's daughter, Bethia, married a kinsman, Francis Guthrie of Gagie, and as a result the title and estates remained with the Guthrie family.
Henry Guthrie, Bishop of Dunkeld, was a cousin of John Guthrie, the Bishop of Moray.
The Guthries were religious leaders in the time of Martin Luther and were champions of Presbyterianism against the Roman Catholic Church. They were ready to back up their beliefs with their lives and were true to their reputation of 'holding a sword in one hand, a Bible in the other'.
James Guthrie, who was of the chiefly family, was a Covenanter minister who became one of that movement's early martyrs. He was ordained the minister of Lauder in 1638 and moved to Stirling in 1649. He preached openly against the king's religious policies and was stripped of his office by the Church of Scotland's General Assembly, whose authority Guthrie had challenged. He continued to preach until 1661 when he was sentenced to death and executed.
18th and 19th centuries
A branch of the Clan Guthrie were the Guthries of Halkerton who held their barony by right of the office of royal falconers in Angus. However this title and office were only relinquished under the terms of the Heritable Jurisdictions Act in 1747.
John Douglas Guthrie of Guthrie served in the cavalry during the 1882 Egyptian campaign. He married Mary, daughter of Duncan Davidson of Tulloch.
Lieutenant Colonel Ivan Guthrie of Guthrie was the last chief of Clan Guthrie to live at Guthrie Castle. He was born in 1886, he became a distinguished soldier, commanding the 4th Battalion the Black Watch and was awarded the Military Cross.
The clan today
Guthrie Castle was purchased by the [de la] Peña family in 1984, and is now a venue for weddings, business meetings, and golf. There is an active fraternal organization, Clan Guthrie USA, dedicated to preserving and promoting Guthrie heritage.
Clan Chief
The previous chief was Alexander Ivan Bedini Guthrie of Guthrie 22nd of that Ilk, who inherited the title from his grandmother Moira Guthrie of Guthrie in 1990. Born in London in 1967, he was educated in Italy and England and attended UCL; he lived between Rome, Monte Argentario and the UK. Guthrie of Guthrie died in London of COVID-19 on 23 March 2020. He was succeeded by Christian Guthrie of Guthrie, 23rd of that Ilk, as the 23rd Chief of Clan Guthrie.
Tartans
Clan Castles
Guthrie Castle: Is a historic site, and is well known in Scotland. Located near Forfar in Angus, the castle was built in 1468 under a warrant granted by King James III of Scotland to his treasurer, Sir David Guthrie. It originally consisted of only the square tower, and a yett (entrance gate). The yett was a symbol of trust in an era when the King wasn't anxious for his subjects to be heavily fortified. The tower has walls 14 feet thick, which discouraged invaders until the invention of modern artillery. It is believed that the family stopped living in the tower, and built a house close by around 1760. In 1848, John Guthrie, with the help of architect David Bryce, connected the tower and the house. Major renovations were carried out by John and Harriet Maude Guthrie in the 1850s. Later, the railroad which ran from Forfar to Guthrie actually had tracks passing along the top of the main gate. Guthrie Castle was sold in 1984 to the Penna family. After 19 years as their private residence, the family opened the castle to the public (by prior reservation). Today, it's a popular venue for weddings and special events, including golf on the property course. The castle has a reputation of being haunted. The ghost was last seen by one of the present members of the Guthrie family when she was a little girl. There have been other experiences since the Peña family first inhabited it in September 1984.
Gagie House: Near Dundee, was built in 1614. It served as the dower house for the Laird-to-be of Guthrie Castle. The eldest son of the Laird was often given Gagie on his marriage, and he lived here until his father died. He then moved with his family into Guthrie Castle, and his eldest son took up residence in Gagie House. Gagie has been altered in each century, but still maintains its 17th-century charm. The garden wall was originally a defensive bamkin wall, and is attached to the house. In the garden is the summer house, built by John and Jean Guthrie in 1762. Gagie contains a number of family portraits that formerly graced the walls of Guthrie Castle. They were purchased by the Friends of the Guthrie Castle when they were auctioned upon the sale of the castle. Gagie is now owned by the Smoors, and they welcomed visiting Guthries. According to Clan Guthrie USA's May 2013 newsletter, Gagie house is now for sale.
Torosay Castle: Located on the Isle of Mull, Torosay Castle was acquired in 1865 by Arburthnot Charles Guthrie, a wealthy London businessman. It served as his getaway. The castle has over 60 rooms, and is surrounded by an estate of over 12,000 acres. Torosay was sold in 2012 to the McLean Fund and closed to the public for a year. Opening with a private family dinner in December 2013. Christopher Guthrie-James, former Laird of the Estate said "it was with a sense of relief, rather than regret, that we sold the family home at Torosay." Kenneth Donald McLean sixth Laird has spent more than £1 million restoring the castle and gardens.
Branches of Clan Guthrie
Although the Guthries of Guthrie were the main line of the family, many offshoots existed, some of them mentioned in an old rhyme: "Guthrie o' Guthrie and Guthrie o' Gagie Guthrie o' Taybank an' Guthrie o' Craigie."
Clan Guthrie USA
Clan Guthrie USA is a nonprofit, fraternal organization of over 400 Guthrie families who have joined to promote and preserve their common heritage. The organization participates in Scottish Highland festivals, sells Guthrie merchandise, publishes a quarterly newsletter, sponsors special events (such as Scotland reunion tours), and maintains a Guthrie genealogy database.
See also
Scottish clan
Guthrie baronets
References
External links
Clan Guthrie USA
Guthrie
Tsutaya Jūzaburō (; 13 February 1750 – 31 May 1797) was the founder and head of the Tsutaya publishing house in Edo, Japan, and produced illustrated books and ukiyo-e woodblock prints of many of the period's most famous artists. Tsutaya's is the best-remembered name of all ukiyo-e publishers. He is also known as Tsuta-Jū and Jūzaburō I.
Tsutaya set up his shop in 1774 and began by publishing guides to the Yoshiwara pleasure quarters. By 1776 he was publishing print series, and went on to publish some of the best-known artists of the late 1700s. He is
best remembered for his association with Utamaro and as the sole publisher of Sharaku. "Tsutaya" is not a true surname, but a yagō "shop name" that translates as "Ivy Shop". The publisher used a seal of ivy leaves under a stylized Mount Fuji as a publisher's mark.
Life and career
Jūzaburō's father is believed to have been a member of the Maruyama clan and a worker in Yoshiwara, Edo's pleasure district. Born in Yoshiwara, Jūzaburō was adopted into the Kitagawa family and given the name "Tsutaya" after the shop name of one of the Kitagawa's tea houses.
Tsutaya opened his publishing business in Shinyoshiwara Gojukkendō Higashigawa in Edo in 1774 and began publishing with a volume of illustrations of Yoshiwara beauties by Kitao Shigemasa called Hitome Senbon ("Thousands at a Glance"); Tsutaya's other early publications were also guides to the pleasure quarters.
With the publisher Urokogataya, Tsutaya co-published the Yoshiwara Saiken ("Guide to Yoshiwara") from around 1774–75, and published it solo from 1776 to 1836 with illustrations by such artists as Katsukawa Shunshō. Also from 1776 Tsutaya began publishing books of haiku poetry, sharebon books, and ehon picture books, and with publisher Nishimura Yohachi, Tsutaya co-published his first print series in 1776: Koryūsai's Hinagata Wakana no Hatsumoyō ("Models for Fashion: New Designs as Fresh Young Leaves"). Tsutaya did not continue with the series, though, and Nishimura finished publishing it alone in 1781. In 1783, he began publishing kibyōshi by the famous writer Hōseidō Kisanji, marking the beginning of his popularity and success. He soon expanded into books of kyōka (comic waka poetry).
He moved his shop to Nihonbashi Tōriaburachō Minamigawa in 1783. The same year, he took over the publishing house of Maruya Kohei, and began publishing Utamaro the same year. Over the course of his career, Tsutaya discovered and supported artists and writers such as Utamaro, Sharaku, Bakin, Jippensha Ikku, and Santō Kyōden, producing thousands of prints based on the artists' designs, printing the writers' books, encouraging these creative talents, and serving as their patron and mentor. Though he enjoyed great contemporary success and profits for his publications, his fame today likely derives more from his ability to discover and nurture great talents. Without his efforts, many of the period's most famous and talented artists and writers may not have ever emerged.
The Kansei Reforms, instituted from 1787–1793, brought strict censorship and strict penalties. In 1791 Santō Kyōden was placed under house arrest in shackles, and Tsutaya was forced to pay a large monetary penalty for publishing his politically volatile works. For a period of ten months in 1794–1795, he printed and edited the entire work of the great artist Sharaku, to great contemporary success and profits. As Sharaku's identity remains a subject of debate, some scholars claim he and Jūzaburō may have been the same person, although this is unlikely.
Tsutaya died at the age of 48 in 1797. Some sources claim the cause to have been beriberi. His business continued under his chief clerk Yūsuke, who took on the name Jūzaburō II; production became sporadic from the 1810s, and appears to have ceased by the early 1850s.
Legacy
Tsutaya is the best-remembered ukiyo-e print publisher, largely due to his promotion of Utamaro and as the sole publisher of Sharaku. Richard Lane called him "the greatest of the print publishers".
Tsutaya was well known for his kyōka poetry, which he wrote under the pseudonym Tsuta no Karamaru. He lodged writers and artists in his home, including Kyokutei Bakin, Santō Kyōden, and Utamaro, the last of whom still lived there at the time of Tsutaya's death. His portrait appeared in at least five books during his lifetime, and his shop appeared in 1799 in Hokusai's Ehon Azuma Asobi ("Picture Book of the Pleasure Spots of the Eastern Capital"). His work is held in the collection of the National Diet Library.
References
Works cited
Lane, Richard. (1978). Images from the Floating World, The Japanese Print. Oxford: Oxford University Press. ; OCLC 5246796
Nussbaum, Louis Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan Encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 48943301
Ukiyo-e
Japanese publishers (people)
Japanese merchants
Japanese editors
1750 births
1797 deaths
18th-century Japanese businesspeople
18th-century merchants
Harold Frederick Thomas (11 January 1909 – 29 March 1933) was a New Zealand boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated in the first round of the welterweight class after losing his fight to Italy's Luciano Fabbroni. Thomas was born in Wellington. He died in Wellington aged 24, less than a year after his appearance at the Olympics. He jumped from a train a few hours after learning about the death of his fiancée.
References
1909 births
1933 suicides
Welterweight boxers
Olympic boxers of New Zealand
Boxers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Wellington City
Suicides in New Zealand
Suicides by train
New Zealand male boxers
The Bristol City Centre (Haymarket) Hotel, formerly known as Avon House, is an 18-storey building, one of the tallest structures in central Bristol, England.
History
The building formed part of an initiative in the 1960s by Bristol City Council to redevelop the St. James Barton area which had been badly damaged by bombing during the Bristol Blitz of the Second World War and had remained semi derelict since the end of the war.
Planning permission was given for a tall building in the international style in 1967 and the construction work took place between 1969 and 1972. The design involved an 18-storey building (a two-storey podium with shops, a church hall and a public house together with a 16-storey tower), which was high, on the corner of Marlborough Street and the Haymarket at the Bearpit Roundabout; the original access was through a doorway on the ground floor of the Haymarket elevation: the tower was 16 bays across on the Haymarket elevation and five bays across on the Bearpit Roundabout elevation. The visual impact of the scheme was criticised by English Heritage who said that "it was bulk rather than height that damaged the skyline."
Avon House was built speculatively but was occupied by the former Avon County Council when it was formed in April 1974. In 1987, when the television presenter, Caron Keating, visited Bristol to launch the Christmas carnival procession, she joined three dwarves in abseiling down the face of Avon House, as part of a fund raising initiative in support of the Bristol Royal Hospital for Children.
After Avon County Council was abolished in 1996 the building was used as workspace by Bristol City Council staff for a few years before it became redundant. It was converted into a hotel in 1999 and was subsequently rebranded as a Premier Inn.
See also
List of the tallest buildings and structures in Bristol
References
Buildings and structures in Bristol
Buildings and structures completed in 1972
County halls in England
Antony Dupuis (; born 24 February 1973) is a French retired professional tennis player.
Personal life
Dupuis began playing tennis at the age of nine with his father Xavier. He mentioned in an interview once that he prefers clay and hard court surfaces. He was coached by Benoit Carelli, whom he credits with improving his physical and mental ability. Carelli had coached Dupuis since February 1998.
Career
Dupuis won one singles title in Milan in 2004 and reached a career-high singles ranking of World No. 57 in September 2001. In 2005, at the Valencia tournament, Dupuis became the first French player to defeat Novak Djokovic. In 2006 he tested positive for the banned drug Salbutamol and was suspended for two and a half months.
Career finals
Singles: 2 (1 title, 1 runner-up)
Doubles: (1 title)
See also
List of sportspeople sanctioned for doping offences
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Doping cases in tennis
French male tennis players
French sportspeople in doping cases
Sportspeople from Bayonne
The Héaux de Bréhat is an active lighthouse in Côtes-d'Armor, France, located on the Île-de-Bréhat. The lighthouse is closed to the public.
Built by French engineer Léonce Reynaud in 1840, it sits on the reefs of Tréguier, near the Sillon de Talbert. It is on the western end of the Bay of Saint-Brieuc, and marks the entrance to the island of Bréhat from the Trieux channel.
It was classified as a monument historique on 23 May 2011.
History
The French Lighthouse Commission decided to build a lighthouse on the reefs of Tréguier in 1831, entrusting the construction of a temporary structure to a carpenter from Saint-Brieuc. The project, a white signal light, was completed in 1832, but destroyed within a year due to strong currents and surf. In April 1834, Augustin Fresnel commissioned 32-year-old engineer Léonce Reynaud to design a lighthouse.
Reynaud's approach was different, and did not fit in with the typical British-style architecture of lighthouses in 19th century Brittany. The building was constructed in two blocks: the first block was solid and modeled after the British lighthouses Eddystone and Bell Rock, while the second block was lighter in style, upon which the illumination was to be placed at its final height.
Blocks of granite were cut to size, numbered, and delivered to be assembled on site. The setbacks to construction were numerous, including several contractors backing out due to safety concerns, the proposed laying of the first stone being postponed due to bad weather, strikes shutting down the site in October 1838, and difficulties with exceeding the budget.
The light was finally lit for the first time in February 1840, with an initial height of 154 ft (47 m).
On 18 June 1903, the characteristic became white with a period of 4 seconds.
In August 1944, the Germans blew up the tower with dynamite. 49 ft (15 m) of the lighthouse disappeared into the sea, but it was quickly rebuilt and raised one floor to reach 187 ft (57 m).
The light was automated in 1982.
Popular culture
The Héaux de Bréhat is featured on bottles of Glann ar Mor whisky.
The lighthouse is featured prominently in the French movie A Very Long Engagement (2004), as is the entire island of Ile de Bréhat, where the hero and heroine live. Stars include Audrey Tautou, Jody Foster and Marion Cotillard.
See also
List of lighthouses in France
References
External links
Lighthouses completed in 1840
Lighthouses of the English Channel
Monuments historiques of Côtes-d'Armor
Jerzy Janicki may refer to:
Jerzy Janicki (1928–2007), Polish writer
Jerzy Stanisław Janicki (born 1956), Polish physicist
Argna is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Argnidae.
Species
Species within the genus Argna include:
Argna bielzi (Rossmässler, 1859)
Argna biplicata (Michaud, 1831)
Argna bourguignatiana (Nevill, 1880)
Argna ferrari (Porro, 1838)
Argna szekeresi A. Reischütz, N. Steiner-Reischütz & P.L. Reischütz, 2016
Argna thracica Subai, 1999
Argna valsabina (Spinelli, 1851)
References
Bank, R. A. (2017). Classification of the Recent terrestrial Gastropoda of the World. Last update: July 16th, 2017
External links
Cossmann, M. (1889). Gastéropodes. In: Douvillé, H. (Ed.) Revue de paléontologie pour l'année 1888. Annuaire Géologique Universel. 5: 1079–1109
Wenz, W. (1920). Zur Systematik tertiärer Land- und Süßwassergastropoden. III. Senckenbergiana. 2: 15-19.
Argnidae
Hans Nicolai Andersen (born 1 November 1974 in Hillerød) is a Danish politician, who is a member of the Folketing for the Venstre political party. He was elected into parliament at the 2011 Danish general election. He was previously a member of parliament between 2001 and 2007.
Political career
Andersen first ran for parliament in the 2001 Danish general election, where he was elected with 2,684 personal votes. He was reelected in the 2005 election with 2,979 personal votes. He ran again in the 2007 election, but was not reelected. He returned to parliament after the 2011 election, with 1,333 personal votes, and was reelected in 2015 with 5,447 votes and in 2019 with 7,444 votes.
External links
Biography on the website of the Danish Parliament (Folketinget)
References
Living people
1974 births
People from Hillerød Municipality
Venstre (Denmark) politicians
Members of the Folketing 2001–2005
Members of the Folketing 2005–2007
Members of the Folketing 2011–2015
Members of the Folketing 2015–2019
Members of the Folketing 2019–2023
Benitachell () or El Poble Nou de Benitatxell () is a municipality in the comarca of Marina Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Lady Elizabeth School, a British international school, has its junior school campus in Benitachell.
References
Municipalities in the Province of Alicante
Marina Alta
Glyphipterix chrysallacta is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in South America.
References
Moths described in 1922
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of South America
In Islam, ( , plural: ) is a prayer of invocation, supplication or request, even asking help or assistance from God.
Role in Islam
Muslims regard this as a profound act of worship. Muhammad is reported to have said, "Dua is itself a worship."
There is a special emphasis on du'a in Muslim spirituality and early Muslims took great care to record the supplications of Muhammad and his family and transmit them to subsequent generations. These traditions precipitated new genres of literature in which prophetic supplications were gathered together in single volumes that were memorized and taught. Collections such as al-Nawawi's Kitab al-Adhkar and Shams al-Din al-Jazari's al-Hisn al-Hasin exemplify this literary trend and gained significant currency among Muslim devotees keen to learn how Muhammad supplicated to God.
However, Du'a literature is not restricted to prophetic supplications; many later Muslim scholars and sages composed their own supplications, often in elaborate rhyming prose that would be recited by their disciples. Popular du'as would include Muhammad al-Jazuli's Dala'il al-Khayrat, which at its peak spread throughout the Muslim world, and Abul Hasan ash-Shadhili's Hizb al-Bahr which also had widespread appeal. Du'a literature reaches its most lyrical form in the Munajat, or 'whispered intimate prayers' such as those of Ibn Ata Allah. Among the Shia schools, the Al-Sahifa al-Sajjadiyya records du'as attributed to Ali and his grandson, Ali ibn Husayn Zayn al-Abidin.
Types and categories
Dua is essentially an expression of submission of faith to God and of one's neediness.
Type I: Du'ā al-mas'alah (دُعَاءُ الْمَسْأَلَة du‘ā'u 'l-mas‘alah), or the 'du'a of asking.' This type of du'a is when one asks for the fulfillment of a need, or that some harm be removed from him/her. An example would be when a person asks, "O God! Grant me good in this world, and good in the next life!"
Type II: Du'ā al-'ibadah (دُعَاءُ الْعِبَادَة du‘ā'u 'l-‘ibādah), or the 'du'a of worship.' This type of du'a includes every single act of worship. Examples would include when a Muslim prays or gives zakāt or fasts.
Salat
The salat is the obligatory prayer recited five times a day, as described in the Quran: "And establish regular prayers at the two ends of the day and at the approaches of the night: For those things, that are good remove those that are evil: Be that the word of remembrance to those who remember (their Lord):"[Quran 11:114] Salat is generally read in the Arabic language; however Imam Abu Hanifah, for whom the Hanafi school is named after, proclaimed that prayer could be said in any language unconditionally. His two students who created the school: Abu Yusuf and Muhammad al-Shaybani, however, did not agree and believed that prayers could only be done in languages other than Arabic if the supplicant can not speak Arabic. Some traditions hold that Abu Hanifa later agreed with them and changed his decision; however there has never been any evidence of this. Hanbali theologian Ibn Taymiyah issued a fatwa proclaiming the same. Until the 1950s, Ismailis from India and Pakistan performed the prayer the language of the local Jama'at Khana.
Common duas
A person who recites from ("In the creation of the heavens and the earth") in Surah Al Imran till the end of the surah on any night or part of the night, will receive the reward of performing his Salaat for the whole night.
A person recites Surah Ya Sin early in the morning then his need for the day will be fulfilled.
Abdullah bin Masood narrates that Muhammad has stated that the person who recites the last two ayat of Surah Al-Baqara till the end, then these two ayats will be sufficient for him, i.e. God will protect him from all evil and ploys.
When retiring to sleep, make wudu, dust off the bed three times, lie on the right side, place the right hand under the head or cheeks and recite the following dua three times: ("In your name, O Allah, I die and I live")
A person who recites three times ("I seek refuge in Allah, the All-Hearing and All Knowing from the accursed devil") in the morning the last three ayat of Surah Al-Hashr then God delegates 70,000 angels (malāʾikah) to send mercy onto him till the evening and if he dies that day, he will die as a martyr and if he recites these in the evening then God delegates 70,000 angels to send mercy onto him till the morning and if he dies that night, he dies as a martyr.
A Muslim servant recites ("I am pleased with Allah as my Lord, and with Islam as my religion, and with Muhammad as my Prophet") three times every morning, then it becomes the responsibility of God to satisfy him on the Day of Qiyamah.
A person who has recited ("O God, whatever favour has come to me or to any of Thy creatures in the morning, it comes from Thee alone who hast no partner, to whom be praise and thanksgiving") in the morning, he has pleased (praised, glorified) God for His favours of the morning, and if he has done so in the night, he has thanked God for His favours of the night.
If a person recites three ayat of Surah Ar-Rum and if he misses his normal recitation of the day, he will still be rewarded for it. This applies to the night as well.
If a person retires to bed on the side and recites Surah Al-Fatiha and Surah Al-Ikhlas he is immune from everything besides death.
Reciting Ayat-ul Kursi will cause the reciter to be protected throughout the night by the angels and Satan will not come near him.
When a person enters his bed (to sleep), an angel and a Shaitan surround him. The Shaitan whispers 'your awakening will end in evil' and the angel says' end in good". One sleeps after engaging in dhikr, the angels will protect him throughout the night. In order to gain the protection of the angels, it is encouraged to engage in dhikr and then sleep.
A man dreamed of Muhammad several times. Each time he asked Muhammed for advice on being able to retain his faith. He was told by Muhammad to recite the following each day:
Zayn al-'Abidin's Dua
Ali ibn al-Husayn Zayn al-'Abidin conveyed his understanding of the relationship between human and God by the prayers and supplications that he offered God during his extensive nighttime vigils in the Al-Masjid an-Nabawi (Mosque of the Prophet) in Medina. These prayers and supplications were written down and then disseminated by his sons and the subsequent generations. Among them is the Al-Sahifa al-Sajjadiyya, which is known as the Psalms of the Household of Muhammad.
The pre-conditions
In Islam there are nine pre-conditions that need to be present in order for a du'a to be accepted.
Sincerity
In Islam, rules have been made to remember Allah. All Muslims follow those rules.
It is necessary to be pure in order to remember God in Islam.
Every Muslim is required to offer prayers for 5 times, Allah is remembered through prayers. In Islam a Muslim prays to God alone.
Patience
In Islam, to be hasty in du'a is said to be a cause of rejection of du'a. The type of hastiness that is forbidden in Islam is that a person leaves du'a, thinking that God will not respond to it. In Islam, Muslims are instructed not to give up du'a because they do not see a response immediately.
Purity
In Islam, in order for a person's du'a to be accepted by God, it must be for something pure and reasonable.
Good intentions
In Islam it is imperative that a person making du'a have the best of intentions for whatever he or she is asking. An example would be if someone asks for an increase in wealth, they should intend with that increase in wealth to spend more on the poor and on their relatives.
Attentive heart
A Muslim is instructed to make du'a with an attentive heart. A Muslim should be aware of what he is saying and should believe in his or her heart that their du'a will be responded to by God.
Sustenance
It states in the Quran in sura Al-Baqara Verse 200:
Again and moreover Muhammad is reported to have said,
The Hadith above describes a man who earned his money by cheating other people. His money was impure so therefore everything he purchased with his money became impure. His clothes, drink, and food were all purchased with that money which was considered impure, so his clothes, drink and food were all considered impure. According to the above hadith, in Islam a person's du'a will not be accepted by God if he earns unlawful money.
The hadith also stresses that according to Islam, anyone who eats impure foods, such as pork, will have his or her du'a rejected by God.
Non-interference
In Islam there is no specific time of day to which making du'a is restricted. In Islam, if something more important comes up than du'a, then that takes precedence. What is more important than du'a is defined by the Quran and Sunnah. Some examples include the call to prayer. If the adhan is called, in Islam one must respond to it. Another example is if a person is making du'a, and his or her parents call him or her for assistance, then responding to his or her parents takes precedence over du'a. This means a person must stop making du'a when he or she hears the adhan or the parents calling him or her, to respond. In Islam, the rights of the parents are great and are emphasized greatly in the Quran and Hadiths.
Why Duas are not answered
There are various reasons due to which Du'as, supplications and invocations are not accepted.
Authentic or confirmed reasons
Impatience
God rejects supplications if the worshipper is hasty or does not have patience.
Change oneself first
This aspect is explained in the following verse:
Praising God
One reported Hadith relates as follows,
If worshipper thinks Dua will not be answered
Muhammad is reported to have said,
Not thinking positively of God may have invocations unanswered. Muhammad said:
Sinful or haraam income and food
Muhammad made mention of a person who travels widely, his hair dishevelled, and covered with dust.
A similar version in Hadith reported by Ahmad, Muslim, and al-Tirmidhi from Abu Hurayrah, as mentioned in sahih al-Jami #2744.
Asking for something sinful
Abu Hurayrah reports that Muhammad said:
A dua for something that is haram cannot be made and will not be fulfilled. Muslims cannot ask for that which is forbidden in Islam. Such duas would definitely not be answered.
Cutting of the ties of kinship
Muhammad said:
Making Dua conditional
Muhammad said:
In Shia Islam
Praying or Du'a in Shia has an important place as Muhammad described it as a weapon of the believer. Du'a is considered a feature of Shia community in a sense. Performing Du'a in Shia has a special ritual. Because of this, there are many books written on the conditions of praying among Shia. Most ad'ayieh transferred from the household of Muhammad and then by many books in which we can observe teachings of Muhammad and his household according to Shia. The leaderships of Shia always invited their followers to recite Du'a. For instance, Ali has considered with the subject of Du'a because of his leadership in monotheism.
Shia believes that Dua is possible both in terms of philosophy and from other religion. Some philosophers like Avicenna, however refers to the importance and possibility but reality of dua. He says that if one heard that someone got health by the Mystic or some problem has been resolved by Bua then do not deny them without reflection suddenly since that may there is a wisdom and mystery. Certainly mystic is one who has connection with Trans physic. Therefore, no one of Islamic sages denied the affection of dua.
Among believers there are three groups on Dua. One group is radical such a way that they believe that there is no role for dua in life of believer. Second group believe that at least some of Dua are of affection but many of them don't have any affection. Third group are of moderate attitude on Dua. They believe that Dua is of condition and there are preliminaries for fulfillment of Dua.
According to Mutahhari, Dua is both premises and conclusion, both means and end. Mutahhari knows Dua as disposition and innate desire within human.
Other optional etiquette
There are various other optional techniques and etiquettes in the Quran and Sunnah for Du'a. Listed here are a limited few and just a fraction of the etiquettes of du'a that scholars have found in reference to in the Quran and Sunnah.
Raising one's hands
Raising one's hands is an encouraged option. There are many hadith that describe how Muhammad raised his hands during du'a. Some hadith describe him having raised his hands to or above head-level in dire circumstances. Many scholars agree that aside from times of exceptionally great need, Muhammad did not raise his hands above his head. Under any other conditions, a common practice is to raise the hands to shoulder-height with palms placed together.
Scholars however agree that there are two authentic ways of raising one's hands: when not in drastic conditions the palms of one's hands should be turned up facing the skies, whilst the back of one's hands are facing the ground, then the du'a can be "recited". One must also make sure to face the Qibla (direction of prayer), whilst making du'a.
The second way agreed upon by scholars is to have the palms facing one's face; once again one must face the Qibla, but this time the back of one's hands should also face the Qibla.
Evidence for facing the Qibla during du'a can be found in Sahih al-Bukhari and Sahih Muslim
Abdullah ibn Zayd narrated:
Facing the Qiblah
The Qibla is the direction that Muslims face while performing salat.
There are also Sahih hadith which narrate that it is forbidden to lift one's eyes towards the sky in prayer.
Abu Huraira reported:
Wiping the face
Once the du'a has been completed, it is most common for the supplicant to wipe their face with their hands, and this act signals the end of the du'a.
See also
Raising hands in Dua
Du'a Kumayl
Duha
Mafatih al-Janan
The Sermon for Necessities- a popular sermon in the Islamic world, particularly as the introduction to a khutbah during Jumu'ah
Durood
Dua in Yazidism
References
External links
Islamic terminology
Salah
Salah terminology
Javon Ramon Searles (born 21 December 1986) played seven matches for West Indies at Under 19 level, including four matches in the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka. He has played in one List A match for Barbados in 2006-07, in which he scored nought and did not bowl. In January 2018, he was bought by the Kolkata Knight Riders in the 2018 IPL auction. In October 2019, he was selected to play for Barbados in the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament.
References
External links
1986 births
Barbadian cricketers
Barbados cricketers
Living people
Trinbago Knight Riders cricketers
Kolkata Knight Riders cricketers
Alternative treatments used for the common cold include numerous home remedies and alternative medicines. Scientific research regarding the efficacy of each treatment is generally nonexistent or inconclusive. Current best evidence indicates prevention, including handwashing and neatness, and management of symptoms.
Echinacea
A systematic review by the Cochrane Collaboration, last updated in 2014, examines twenty-four randomized controlled trials studying various echinacea preparations for prevention and treatment of the common cold. Echinacea showed no benefit over placebo for prevention. Evidence for treatment was inconsistent. Reported side effects were rare.
2007 meta-analyses conclude that there is some evidence that echinacea may reduce either the duration or severity of the common cold, but results are not consistent.
Use of echinacea preparations is not currently recommended.
Chicken soup
In the twelfth century, Moses Maimonides wrote, "Chicken soup ... is recommended as an excellent food as well as
medication."
Since then, there have been numerous reports in the United States that chicken soup alleviates the symptoms of the common cold. Even usually staid medical journals have published tongue-in-cheek articles on the alleged medicinal properties of chicken soup.
Pelargonium sidoides extract
A 2013 Cochrane review found tentative evidence of benefit with Pelargonium sidoides for the symptoms of the common cold; however, the quality of the evidence was very poor.
Steam inhalation
Many people believe that steam inhalation reduces cold symptoms. There is no evidence suggesting that steam inhalation is effective for treating the common cold. There have been reports of children being badly burned by accidentally spilling the water used for steam inhalation.
Evidence does not support a relationship between cold temperature exposure or a "chill" (feeling of coldness) and the common cold.
References
Alternative medical systems
Dietary supplements
Herbalism
Naturopathy
Common cold
"Chinese fire drill" is a slang term for a situation that is chaotic or confusing, possibly due to poor or misunderstood instructions.
Origins
The term goes back to the early 1900s, and is alleged to have originated when a ship run by British officers and a Chinese crew practiced a fire drill for a fire in the engine room. The bucket brigade were to draw water from the starboard side, pass it to the engine room, and pour it onto the 'fire'. To prevent flooding, a separate crew was to ferry the accumulated water from the engine room up to the main deck and heave the water over the port side. The drill had previously gone according to plan until the orders became confused in translation. The bucket brigade began to draw the water from the starboard side, run directly over to the port side and then throw the water overboard, bypassing the engine room completely. Additionally, the term is documented to have been used in the U.S. Marine Corps during World War II, where it was often expressed in the phrase "as screwed up as a Chinese fire drill". It was also commonly used by Americans during the Korean War and the Vietnam War.
Historians trace Westerners' use of the word Chinese to denote "confusion" and "incomprehensibility" to the earliest contacts between Europeans and Chinese people in the 1600s, and attribute it to Europeans' inability to understand China's radically different culture and world view. In his 1989 Dictionary of Invective, British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "incompetence, fraud and disorganization".
Other examples of such use include:
"Chinese puzzle", a puzzle with no or a hard-to-fathom solution.
"Chinese whispers", a children's game in which a straightforward statement is shared through a line of players, one player at a time, until it reaches the end, often having been comically transformed along the way into a completely different statement. This game is known as 'telephone' in North America and 'wire-less telephone' in Brazil.
"Chinese ace", an inept pilot, derived from the term "one wing low" (which supposedly sounds like a Chinese name), an aeronautical technique.
Other uses
The term can also refer to a prank originating in the 1960s in which the occupants of an automobile jump out, run around the vehicle, and jump back in at a different door, usually while at a red light or other form of traffic stoppage. This is sometimes also used to refer to a driver and passenger intentionally switching places in the middle of the road because the driver is having trouble with road conditions.
Held as offensive
Public use has been held to be offensive. In 2017, a candidate for office in Nova Scotia, Matt Whitman apologized for using the term in a video and subsequently removed the video. In 2020, Washington state Senator Patty Kuderer made an apology for using the term in a hearing; Linda Yang of Washington Asians for Equality stated that the term is racist and filed a complaint with the state. Kuderer had apologized before any complaint was filed.
In popular culture
A Chinese Firedrill is the name of a music project by Armored Saint and Fates Warning bassist Joey Vera. It released an album, Circles, in 2007. The album uses different musical foundations in each song, such that it is "chaotic or confusing," like a Chinese fire drill.
See also
List of practical joke topics
Stereotypes of East Asians in the United States
References
Practical jokes
Car games
Hazardous motor vehicle activities
Metaphors referring to objects
Allie Eagle (9 January 1949 – 25 May 2022) was a New Zealand artist whose work in the 1970s was key to the development of feminist art practice in New Zealand. She was the subject of the 2004 documentary Allie Eagle and Me. She identified herself as "a lesbian separatist and radical feminist."
Early life and education
Eagle was born in Lower Hutt. Her birth name was Alison Mitchell but she took the name Eagle in the 1970s, linked to a series of watercolours titled I the eagle become.
Eagle completed a Diploma of Fine Arts at Ilam School of Art, University of Canterbury in 1968. She studied at Auckland Training College for a year and taught at Upper Hutt College before returning to Christchurch and becoming Exhibitions Officer at the Robert McDougall Art Gallery in 1974 (a job she later had to leave after falling from a ladder and cracking her pelvis).
Career and work
Eagle was integrally involved in the women's art movement that emerged in New Zealand in the 1970s, initially most strongly expressed in Christchurch. In June 1975 Eagle organised Six Women Artists at the Robert McDougall Art Gallery, the first public exhibition in New Zealand focused solely "on the premise of declaring female identity". The exhibition included the work of Helen Rockel, Stephanie Sheehan, Joanna Margaret Paul and others. In her catalogue essay Eagle cited feminist art historians, artists and writers such as Judy Chicago and Linda Nochlin, arguing that women have been prevented from being seen as serious artists because of social misconceptions about their abilities and role in society.
In 1977 Eagle was involved as a facilitator in a collaborative project at the Canterbury Society of Arts, the Women's Art Environment. Designed to be more than a gallery displaying art, the intent was to create a space where women could meet and share their experiences. Eagle was also involved with the Women's Gallery in Wellington, established in 1980, showing in their opening exhibition and in the 1981 touring exhibition Mothers.
Art historian Anne Kirker wrote in 1986 that Eagle's "commitment as a facilitator in these early years was matched by an uncompromising approach as an artist". A 1978 exhibition at the Canterbury Society of Arts created some controversy and Eagle received hate mail. The exhibition was made up of many diverse parts, but a small number relating to the issue of abortion rights became influential in New Zealand feminist art history. This woman died I care is a large watercolour now in the collection of Auckland Art Gallery, and was based on a banned photograph of a woman who died from an illegal abortion (Eagle had earlier used the photograph on a placard used in a Christchurch abortion rights rally). The work was accompanied by stethoscope and the printed instructions "To view this woman's death place stethoscope on and listen to your own heartbeat". In the piece Empathy for a Rape Trial Victim men and boys were invited to lie on a stained mattress (implicitly taking the place of the victim), which was placed beneath a glass sheet on a metal frame; at crotch-level on the glass a metal cylinder evoking an erect penis was placed; a mixture of squashed eggs, spaghetti and jelly oozed out of its funnel.
In their introduction to Alter / Image, a 1993 exhibition reviewing two decades of feminist art-making in New Zealand, Tina Barton and Deborah Lawler-Dormer wrote of Eagle's works that "Their rawness is a direct appeal that is almost unparalleled in New Zealand art history". For Alter / Image Eagle recreated a work from the 1978 show titled Risk (a bowl full of red jelly embedded with razor blades) and showed the watercolours Oh yes, we will, we will (1978) and This woman died I care along with a recreation of the stethoscope and text work.
In 1978 Eagle moved to Te Henga, near Auckland, renting a house from another feminist artist, Juliet Batten. In 1980 she converted to Pentecostal Christianity. Since that time her work has been concerned with the land as subject and material. Eagle continued to practice as an artist in an atelier style from her studio in Te Henga. She died on 25 May 2022 at North Shore Hospital.
Allie Eagle and Me
In 2004 the documentary Allie Eagle and Me was released. Directed by Briar March and with Eagle as an executive producer, the documentary looked at Eagle's place in the women's art movement of the 1970s, her journey from being a lesbian feminist to celibate Christianity, and her subsequent reconsideration of some of her positions in this period. In particular the artist stated she now has mixed views on her stance on abortion in the 1970s.
Further reading
Joanna Paul and Allie Eagle, 'Letters from room to room', A Women's Picture Book: 25 Women Artists from Aotearoa (New Zealand), Wellington: GP Books, 1988.
Priscilla Pitts, 'Feminist eye', Broadsheet, no. 73, October 1979, p. 35.
Juliet Batten, 'Emerging from the underground: The women's art movement in New Zealand', Spiral, no. 5, 1982, pp. 24–28.
Allie Eagle interviewed by Lita Barrie, Women's Art Archive, Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.
Juliet Batten, 'Strokes and art attacks', Broadsheet, no. 138, April 1986, pp. 46–47.
Lisa Sabbage, 'Strokes and art attacks: Surveying', Broadsheet, no. 162, October 1988, pp. 35–36
Joanna Paul, Faith + Works, Palmerston North: Manawatu Art Gallery, 1988.
Jane Sayles, 'Theoretically Speaking: Alter / Image in Suffrage Year', Art New Zealand, no. 70, Autumn 1994, pp. 49–53.
Joanna Osborne, 'The sudden imperative : re-contextualisation and methodology in the recent work of Allie Eagle', Journal of New Zealand art history, vol 33, 2012–2013, pp. 73–86.
References
External links
Collections
Works in the Auckland Art Gallery
Works in the Christchurch Art Gallery
1949 births
2022 deaths
New Zealand artists
People from Lower Hutt
Feminist artists
Art exhibitions in New Zealand
The northern waterthrush (Parkesia noveboracensis) is a species of ground-feeding migratory New World warbler of the genus Parkesia. It breeds in the northern part of North America in Canada and the northern United States including Alaska, and winters in Central America, the West Indies and Florida, as well as in Venezuela, Colombia, and Ecuador. It is a rare vagrant to other South American countries and to western Europe. Its closest relative is the Louisiana waterthrush.
Etymology
The genus name Parkesia commemorates Kenneth Carroll Parkes, American ornithologist and curator of the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, and noveboracensis is New York, the type locality from Latin novus, "new" and Eboracum, York.
Description
The northern waterthrush is a large New World warbler (and not a thrush, despite the name). It has a length of , wingspan of and weighs between Among standard measurements, the wing chord is , the tail is , the bill is and the tarsus is . On the head, the crown is brown with a white supercilium. The bill is pointed and dark. The throat is lightly streaked brown to black with heavier streaking continuing onto the breast and flanks. The back is evenly brown. Sexes are morphologically similar. Young birds have buff, rather than white underparts.
The only species birdwatchers confuse with the northern waterthrush is the closely related Louisiana waterthrush (Parkesia motacilla), which has buff flanks, a buff undertail, and bright pink legs. The Louisiana waterthrush also has a whiter throat with fewer streaks. More subtle clues include smaller size and smaller bill, a narrower and darker eye-line, and different call note and habits.
Both waterthrush species walk rather than hop, and seem to teeter, since they bob their rear ends as they move along.
Behavior
On the wintering grounds in Puerto Rico, northern waterthrushes leave daytime foraging areas and fly up to to nighttime roosts. The roosts are often located in red mangrove habitats. Northern waterthrushes winter in 4 main habitats in Puerto Rico: white mangrove, red mangrove, black mangrove, and scrub. Males, which are larger and migrate earlier in spring, prefer to winter in white mangrove, and are able to maintain or gain weight through the winter. Females winter in the other drier and less food-rich habitats. During the non-breeding period, northern waterthrushes are site-faithful and tend to be solitary.
Waterthrushes wintering in red and black mangrove can maintain body weight through the winter but lose weight in scrub. Another determinant in body mass increase in the wintering grounds is moisture.
Northern waterthrush territories are distributed across both upland and riparian habitats, but have limited occupation of harvested areas. Crowding into riparian buffer zones adjacent to harvested areas have more difficulty foraging compared to those in untouched areas.
Reproduction
The breeding habitat of the northern waterthrush is wet woodlands near water. It nests in a stump or among tree roots where it lays three to six eggs, cream- or buff-colored, with brown and gray spots. These eggs are laid in a cup nest constructed of leaves, bark strips, and rootlets.
Diet
The northern waterthrush is a terrestrial ground feeder, eating insects, spiders, mollusks (such as snails), worms, and crustaceans found amongst leaf litter, as well as minnows, found by wading through water.
Vocalization
The song of loud, emphatic, clear chirping notes generally falling in pitch and accelerating; loosely paired or tripled, with little variation. Call a loud, hard spwik rising with a strong K sound. The flight call is a buzzy, high, slightly rising zzip.
Vagrancy
The first northern waterthrush recorded in Europe was a female trapped in Ushant, France on 17 September 1955. The species was first recorded in the United Kingdom on 30 September 1958, on St. Agnes, Isles of Scilly. It was caught in a mist-net, photographed, and released, after which is stayed until 12 October. There have been seven records in the UK between 1958 and 2019.
References
External links
Smithsonian Migratory Bird Center - Northern waterthrush research
Northern waterthrush - Seiurus noveboracensis - USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
Northern waterthrush species account – Cornell Lab of Ornithology
northern waterthrush
Birds of North America
Native birds of Alaska
Birds of Canada
Birds of the Dominican Republic
northern waterthrush
Taxa named by Johann Friedrich Gmelin
Mauro Astrada (born November 14, 1980 in Chabás, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Unión Temuco of the Primera B Chilena.
Teams
Boca Juniors 2000-2002
Sportivo Italiano 2002-2003
RCD Mallorca B 2003-2005
Sportivo Italiano 2005-2006
Temperley 2006-2007
Deportivo Merlo 2007
Duque de Caxias 2008
Luján de Cuyo 2008-2009
Gimnasia y Esgrima de Mendoza 2009-2010
Unión Temuco 2011–present
References
Mauro Astrada at BDFA.com.ar
1980 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Boca Juniors footballers
Gimnasia y Esgrima de Mendoza footballers
RCD Mallorca B players
Unión Temuco footballers
Primera B de Chile players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Association football goalkeepers
Bettis Academy and Junior College is a historic African-American Baptist school complex and national historic district located near Trenton, Edgefield County, South Carolina. Bettis Academy and Junior College was established in 1881 and closed in 1952. The complex now consists of three contributing buildings and one contributing site, all dating from the last 20 years of the institution. The remaining buildings are the rock-faced Alexander Bettis Community Library (1939); a bungalow-form building with a dual-pitched pyramidal roof; the stuccoed brick Classroom Building (1935); and the rock-faced Colonial Revival style Biddle Hall (1942).
The library was originally the Iowa City Unit of the Faith Cabin Libraries that was built by the students. It was later named the Alexander Bettis Community Library.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
References
African-American history of South Carolina
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Colonial Revival architecture in South Carolina
School buildings completed in 1942
Buildings and structures in Edgefield County, South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Edgefield County, South Carolina
1935 establishments in South Carolina
Conus arafurensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Description
The size of the shell varies between 25 mm and 51 mm.
Distribution
This species occurs in the Arafura Sea.
References
Monnier E., Limpalaër L. & Robin A. (2013) Revision of the Pionoconus achatinus complex. Description of three new species: P. koukae n. sp. from Oman, P. arafurensis n. sp. from northern Australia and P. rouxi n. sp. from Western Australia. Xenophora Taxonomy 1: 3-39.
Puillandre N., Duda T.F., Meyer C., Olivera B.M. & Bouchet P. (2015). One, four or 100 genera? A new classification of the cone snails. Journal of Molluscan Studies. 81: 1-23
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
arafurensis
Gastropods of Australia
Gastropods described in 2013
The following is a list of newspapers and news publications in Madagascar. Most are headquartered in the city of Antananarivo. As of the mid-1960s, there were "18 dailies, 48 weeklies, 60 monthlies, 10 bimonthlies, and 19 quarterlies" in publication.
Current publications
Defunct
L'Aurore (weekly published in Mahajanga); defunct?
Le Colon (in French)
Courrier de Madagascar (est. 1962); defunct?
L'Echo de Madagascar (est. 1900, in French)
L'Echo du Sud (in French)
L'Echo de Tananarive (in French)
Fanilo (Catholic weekly published in Fianarantsoa); defunct?
Ny Gazety Malagasy (government publication, est. 1883)
KITRA
Lumiere (Catholic weekly published in Fianarantsoa); defunct?
Madagascar News (in English)
Madagascar Times (in English)
Madagascar World (in English)
Madecasse (in French)
Ny Mizana (monthly published in Toamasina); defunct?
Le Quotidien
Vaovao (est. 1900, in French)
Ny VAOVAOntsika (daily)
See also
List of radio stations in Madagascar
Telecommunications in Madagascar
Online media of Madagascar (in French)
Literature of Madagascar
References
Bibliography
External links
Newspapers
Madagascar
The Bangladesh Red Crescent Society (also abbreviated as BDRCS) is a humanitarian organization and auxiliary to the Government of Bangladesh. The organization was established in 1973 as the Bangladesh Red Cross Society through the Presidents Order 26. It changed its name to Bangladesh Red Crescent Society in 1988 while the country adopted Islam as the constitutional religion. It has its headquarters in Dhaka and also has 68 Units. A Unit is constituted in each of the 64 districts and in the Metropolitan cities of Dhaka. Chittagong, Rajshahi & Khulna. The society has played an instrumental role in relief and rehabilitation during floods, cyclones and other natural disasters which are frequent in various parts of Bangladesh They are also one of the largest sources of blood donation throughout the country.
Organizational structure
The President of the People's Republic of Bangladesh is the Head of the Bangladesh Red Crescent Society by designation. Under his supervision, a Managing Board runs the organization.
Management
The Managing Board consists of 15 members. There is a Chairman, a Vice-Chairman, a Treasurer and 12 general members on the board. As of June 2022, the current postholders are:
Chairman: Major General A. T. M. Abdul Wahab (Retd)
Vice-Chairman: Md. Nur-Ur-Rahman
Treasurer: Mohammad Abdus Salam
Under the Managing Board, there are 2 Divisional Chiefs and 19 Directors responsible for each of the departments that run the organization. This senior management is presided over by a Secretary General and a Deputy Secretary General. The current Secretary General of BDRCS is Kazi Shafiqul Azam and the current Deputy Secretary General is Md. Rafiqul Islam.
Gallery
See also
List of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies
International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement
International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies
Emblems of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement
References
External links
Red Crescent Society Profile
Red Cross Web Site
Bangladesh Red Crescent Society Website
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
Organizations established in 1973
Medical and health organisations based in Bangladesh
1973 establishments in Bangladesh
Dan Tana (born 1935 as Dobrivoje Tanasijević; ) is an American restaurateur, actor and former professional footballer from Yugoslavia. Tana is the proprietor of an eponymous restaurant, Dan Tana's, in West Hollywood, California, as well as being closely associated with football clubs Red Star Belgrade and Brentford F.C.
Football career
Tana was spotted playing football at 12, and offered an apprenticeship with Red Star Belgrade. He spent five years at Red Star, developing as a striker. His restaurateur father had been arrested by the new communist authorities established at the end of the Second World War by Marshal Tito, and his restaurants nationalised.
Tana was aged 17 when he toured Belgium in 1952 as part of the junior squad of the Yugoslav football team Red Star Belgrade to play R.S.C. Anderlecht. While in Brussels, Tana abandoned the team and stayed in Belgium.
While in Belgium, Tana saw the senior Red Star Belgrade team play Anderlecht, and was spotted in the crowd by the Red Star captain Rajko Mitić. Mitic told Anderlecht of Tana's ability, and arranged a trial for Tana with them. Anderlecht offered Tana a four-year contract, but as a defector he could not play club football in Belgium for two years. Anderlecht loaned Tana to Hannover, and six months later, in the summer of 1955, he was offered a contract to play for Montreal in the Canadian League. Playing in Montreal, he won successive Canadian league titles and the Dominion Cup.
In the United States
After playing poker with a friend, Tana won $5,000, after betting $100; everything they had. With his friend, Luca, Tana decided to go to Hollywood though they had no valid passports. Luca was later taken away by men in a black limousine who Tana assumed were immigration officers. Tana faced the dilemma of whether to return to Canada to resume his football career or remain in the United States, with $10 to his name. He decided to remain in Hollywood, and began working as a dishwasher.
Working as a dishwasher Tana was recognised by a Serb who had seen him play in Canada. With no money, legal papers or a place to stay, the man offered Tana a place to stay and Tana eventually found his way to the Californian league football team Yugoslavian American. The team arranged a job for Tana in a local tuna cannery, and the football contract allowed him to stay in the United States legally.
Tana began drama lessons with Jeff Corey in Malibu, initially to improve his English accent. His drama teacher thought his looks and accent might enable him to play 'bad guy roles' in films. Tana later had a small part in The Enemy Below, starring Curt Jürgens and Robert Mitchum. For the role Tana earned $20,000 for eight weeks work, more than he ever had playing football. Tana also appeared in the films The Untouchables, Rin Tin Tin and Peter Gunn. He rejected an approach from Hannover to return to Europe to play football in 1960, as he was involved in the running of a nightclub, Peppermint West. Tana later became the general manager of the football team L.A. Toros and helped found the first professional soccer league in the United States.
Robert Urich's character in the American television drama Vega$ and Hamish Linklater's character in The Newsroom were both named for Tana. Tana has produced eight films.
Brentford F.C. and return to Yugoslavia
In 1973, Tana moved to London, feeling that "... I felt I had more to give to the game and to do that I had to be in a soccer culture. Football was calling me home." Meeting with the English playwright Willis Hall, Hall invited him to join a regular football gathering, which included broadcaster Michael Parkinson and the football personality Jimmy Hill. The manager of Brentford F.C., Frank Bluntstone, attended the gatherings and invited Tana to watch Brentford play. Tana was subsequently asked to join the board of Brentford, a privilege for which Tana bought five shares at 50p each.
Brentford were at the bottom of the Fourth Division at the time of Tana's involvement, and had large debts, and poor attendance. Tana later said that he had had "...big ambitions for Brentford...At that time English football was in trouble...the hooligans and poor facilities made it a very poor form of entertainment for anyone but young men...I wanted to feel comfortable taking my wife and children to a game. In America 30 per cent of the fans in stadia were female. Here it was about one per cent. If America needed English football, England needed American facilities."
Tana became chairman of Brentford and they were promoted and turned a profit. He resigned from the Brentford board in 2002. Tana was also part of the Football Association's International Committee. In 1988 Tana was approached to join the Yugoslav Football Federation by his former teammate, Miljan Miljanić, then president of the federation. With Yugoslavia Tana attended the 1990 FIFA World Cup, and felt his loyalties divided between both England and Yugoslavia. Tana subsequently prepared a Yugoslav side for the 1992 UEFA European Championship, from which they were banned as a result of United Nations sanctions. Tana was elected to the board of Red Star Belgrade in 2000.
Tana has a summerhouse on the Dalmatian island of Hvar in Croatia in the Adriatic Sea.
Dan Tana's
Tana founded the restaurant Dan Tana's on Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood, in 1964. Tana had formerly been the maitre d' at another Hollywood restaurant, La Scala. Since its opening it has been famed for opening late and its steaks, and has been described as "resolutely untrendy" and a favourite of Hollywood and film industry personalities and professionals. The restaurant is referenced in the songs "Small Clone" by Mayer Hawthorne, "But I Am A Good Girl" from the Burlesque soundtrack, and "Christmas in LA" by The Killers and Dawes .
References
External links
Dan Tana's official site
1935 births
Living people
Brentford F.C. directors and chairmen
Hannover 96 players
American restaurateurs
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Footballers from Belgrade
Yugoslav emigrants to Canada
Yugoslav expatriates in the United States
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslav dissidents
Serbian anti-communists
Association footballers not categorized by position
Snapper(s) may refer to:
Animals
Lutjanidae, a family of fish known as snappers
Lutjanus campechanus, a fish found in the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic coast of the United States
Bigeye snapper (Lutjanus lutjanus), a fish that primarily lives in the Pacific and Indian Oceans, sometimes known as simply "Snapper"
Cubera snapper (Lutjanus cyanopterus), native to the western Atlantic Ocean
Fishes from other families including:
Australasian snapper, Pagrus auratus, also known as silver seabream
Eastern nannygai, also known as red snapper, Centroberyx affinis
Bluefish (Pomatomus saltatrix), of which the smallest are often known as "snappers"
Sebastes, some species of which are known as "Pacific snapper" or "red snapper"
Chelydridae, a family of freshwater turtles of which both extant species are known as snapping turtles, informally shortened to "snapper"
Common snapping turtle
Alligator snapping turtle
Sistrurus catenatus, also known as black snapper, a snake
Arts and entertainment
The Snapper (novel), a 1990 novel by Roddy Doyle
The Snapper (film), a film based on the above novel
Snapper (video game), a faithful clone of Pac-Man for the BBC Micro
Snapper Music, a UK record label
Snapper (band), a New Zealand indie rock band
Snapper (EP)
Snapper Carr, a character in the DC Universe
Snapper Foster, a character on the soap opera The Young and the Restless
Snapper (puzzle), a mechanical puzzle
Bang snaps or "snappers", a type of novelty firework
Military
, eight ships of the Royal Navy
, three ships of the United States Navy
3M6 Shmel, an anti-tank missile with NATO reporting name AT-1 Snapper
Sopwith Snapper, a British First World War prototype fighter aircraft
Places
Snapper Creek, Florida
Snapper Island (New South Wales), Australia, in Sydney Harbour
Snapper Island (Queensland), Australia, at the mouth of the Daintree River
Snapper, a hamlet in the UK that was served by Snapper Halt railway station
Sports
Long snapper, a specialized player in gridiron football
Steve "Snapper" Jones (1942–2017), American basketball player and television analyst
Surname
Ernst Snapper (1913–2017), Dutch-American mathematician
Other uses
Snapper Inc., a residential lawn care and snow removal equipment company
Snapper card, a New Zealand contactless smartcard and USB device
See also
Red snapper (disambiguation)
Snap (disambiguation)
The 2016 Copa do Brasil (officially the Copa Continental Pneus do Brasil 2016 for sponsorship reasons) was the 28th edition of the Copa do Brasil football competition. The competition was contested by 86 teams, which qualified either by their respective state championships (70), by the 2016 CBF ranking (10) or those qualified for 2015 Copa Libertadores (5) and the team with the best 2015 Série A record (excluding those qualified for 2016 Copa Libertadores). The latter six clubs entered the competition in the round of 16. The best six teams of the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A eliminated until the third round qualified for the 2016 Copa Sudamericana.
Format
The competition was a single elimination knockout tournament featuring two-legged ties. In the first two rounds, if the away team won the first match by two or more goals, it progressed straight to the next round and avoided the second leg. The away goals rule was also used in the Copa do Brasil, with the exception of the finals. The winner qualified for the 2017 Copa Libertadores.
Qualified teams
The teams in bold are qualified directly for the round of 16.
Draw
A draw for the first round was held by CBF on January 11, 2016. The 80 qualified teams were divided in eight groups (A-H) with 10 teams each. That division was based on the 2016 CBF ranking and the matches were drawn from the respective pots: A vs. E; B vs. F; C vs. G; D vs. H. The lower ranked teams of each match hosted the first leg. Before the round of 16 there was another draw including the six teams that directly qualified for that round. All draws were at CBF headquarters in Rio de Janeiro.
Seeding
2016 CBF ranking shown in brackets.
First round
Second round
Third round
Copa Sudamericana qualification
The best six teams eliminated before the round of 16 with the best 2015 Série A or 2015 Série B record (excluding those directly qualified for the round of 16) qualified for 2016 Copa Sudamericana.
1 Santa Cruz qualified as (Brazil 7) in the 2016 Copa Sudamericana, independently of qualifying position of the other seven teams.
Knockout stages
A draw by CBF was held to set the matches for the round of 16. The 16 qualified teams were divided in two pots (1-2). Teams from pot 1 were the six teams directly qualified to the round of 16, the five teams that competed at the 2016 Copa Libertadores and the best placed team in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A not taking part in the 2016 Copa Libertadores, plus the two highest CBF ranked teams in 2016 qualified via the third round. Pot 2 was composed of the other teams that qualified through the third round. Each pot was divided into 4 pairs according to the CBF ranking. That division made sure that each team within a pair would not face each other before the finals as they would be placed in opposite sides of the bracket. The draw also decided the home team of the round of 16. The following stages had additional draws to determine the order of the matches as the tournament advanced. All draws will be held at CBF headquarters in Rio de Janeiro.
Seeding
2016 CBF ranking shown in brackets.
Bracket
Round of 16
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Finals
References
2016
2016 domestic association football cups
2016 in Brazilian football
Eatinger is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Robert Eatinger (born 1957), American lawyer
Stephen Eatinger, American country music artist
The statue of Winston Churchill in Woodford, London, is a bronze sculpture of the British statesman, created by David McFall in 1958–9. The statue commemorates Churchill's role as the member for the parliamentary constituency of Woodford. Churchill was elected to the Epping seat in 1924 and held it until 1945 when the new constituency of Woodford was created. Churchill then held this seat until his retirement in 1964. The statue is a Grade II listed structure.
History
Winston Churchill's parliamentary career began at age 25, when he won the northern seat of Oldham as a Conservative candidate in the 1900 general election. It ended 64 years later in October 1964 at age 90, when he decided, at the instigation of family and friends, not to contest the 1964 general election, and ceased to be MP for Woodford. His parliamentary career was unconventional: elected a Tory in 1900, in May 1904 he crossed the floor to become a senior member of the Liberal Party. By 1924, he had left the Liberals, and in October he stood as an independent Constitutionalist, winning the seat of Epping, on the Essex/London border. Subsequently, re-joining the Tory Party, he held this seat until its abolition under parliamentary reorganisation in 1945, and then won the successor seat of Woodford, which he held until his final retirement in 1964.
In 1958, the Sir Winston Churchhill Commemoration Fund commissioned David McFall (1919–1988) to sculpt a statue of Churchill to be placed in the Woodford constituency. McFall had previously trained under Eric Gill and then collaborated with Jacob Epstein. McFall worked initially from photographs, before Churchill allowed a number of personal sittings at Chartwell, his country home in Kent. The sittings, after which McFall produced six busts of Churchill in addition to the Woodford statue, were the last Churchill ever permitted. The statue was unveiled by Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein, , on 30 October 1959. Churchill attended the ceremony and made a short speech focused on the gradual dissolution of the British Empire and on Britain's own future place in the world. The statue was one of only two of Churchill completed and unveiled in his lifetime.
In the 21st century the statue has been the subject of occasional vandalism. In 2009 it was chosen as the symbol of the London Borough of Redbridge for the 2012 London Olympics.
Reception
Initial reactions to photographs of the work in progress were unfavourable, including those of members of Churchill's own family. Clementine Churchill, a fierce defender of her husband's reputation and public image, wrote to McFall suggesting that the face was "a caricature of Winston" and requesting changes. McFall made alterations, and Lady Churchilll adjusted her opinion (see box). The reaction at the unveiling, and subsequently, was more positive; Pathé News reported in its contemporary account that "the essence of Sir Winston is caught in the brilliant sculpture by David McFall". Churchill's own comment on the statue at the unveiling ceremony was, "very nice". Historic England describes the statue as a "highly regarded, purposeful, yet sympathetic sculptural representation of Britain's iconic war-time Prime Minister in his later years".
Description
The statue is executed in bronze and is high. It stands on a plinth of Cornish granite. Churchill is depicted in a three-piece suit, walking in the gardens at Chartwell. An inscription on the front of the plinth reads "WINSTON S. CHURCHILL", and another on the reverse reads "McFALL 1959". The sculpture is a Grade II listed structure.
Footnotes
References
Sources
External links
People in the News 1959 – Pathé News coverage of the unveiling of the statue in October 1959
1959 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in England
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1959
Churchill, Winston
Grade II listed monuments and memorials
Monuments and memorials in London
Outdoor sculptures in London
Churchill, Winston
London, Woodford
Vandalized works of art in the United Kingdom
1959 in London
Roesler is a red Austrian wine grape developed in 1970 by Dr. Gertraud Mayer at Höhere Bundeslehranstalt und das Bundesamt für Wein- und Obstbau in Klosterneuburg, Austria. It is the result of a crossing Zweigelt x (Seyve-Villard 18-402 x Blaufränkisch).
It is named after the former director of Austria's oldest viticultural college, Leonard Roesler (1839–1910), who was a German-Austrian chemist and oenologist. The variety is deep in colour and with abundant extract. It is frost resistant and can withstand temperatures as low as -25ºC (-13ºF). It is also resistant to mildew.
References
External links
Grape varieties in Austria: Roesler Wines from Austria
Höhere Bundeslehranstalt und das Bundesamt für Wein- und Obstbau in Klosterneuburg
Vitis International Variety Catalogue
Red wine grape varieties
David Brevik (born February 14, 1968) is an American video game designer, producer and programmer who served as the co-founder and president of Blizzard North. He is best known for the critically acclaimed Diablo franchise. Currently he serves as game designer and founder of his independent studio, Graybeard Games.
Biography
Early life
Brevik was born in Madison, Wisconsin, United States. He was educated at California State University, Chico from 1986 to 1991.
Career
Following his position as lead technical director at Iguana Entertainment, Brevik left to form Condor / Blizzard North, holding a position as president of the company from September 1993 to 2003. GameSpot named him as 1996's fourth most influential person in computer gaming for his role in the inception and development of Diablo.
Brevik resigned from Blizzard and co-founded Flagship Studios (in 2003) as well as Ping0 (in 2006), a sister company to Flagship Studios. After the company dissolved it was announced that he was appointed new creative director for Turbine and its new West coast studio.
In 2009, David Brevik began at Gazillion Entertainment in San Mateo, California working in the Gargantuan Studio. In 2011, Gargantuan became Secret Identity Studios and David Brevik was named president and chief operating officer of Gazillion Entertainment. Eventually he was promoted to Chief Executive Officer of Gazillion Entertainment in 2013. He left the company to pursue "other opportunities" on January 6, 2016. As of October 18, 2016, Brevik has been working as an advisor on the Chinese release of Path of Exile for Grinding Gear Games.
After leaving Gazillion, Brevik founded an indie studio called Graybeard Games. In May of 2019, Graybeard Games released an action role-playing video game titled It Lurks Below.
Brevik and Bill Wang, a former employee of Perfect World Entertainment, announced the formation of Skystone Games in May 2020, a publishing and development studio aimed to help smaller indie studios with multiplatform releases.
Works
Gordo 106 (1993) – Programmer
Aero the Acro-Bat (1993) – Programmer
NBA Jam (1993) – Programmer
Justice League Task Force (1995) – Programmer
Diablo (1997) – Lead Programmer, Senior Designer
Diablo II (2000) – Project and Design Lead
Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos (2002) – Additional Game Review
Hellgate: London (2007) – Game Visionary, Lead Programmer, Story Editor
Dungeons & Dragons Online: Eberron Unlimited (2009) – Creative Director
Marvel Heroes (2013) – Creator
The Nonomancer (2016) – Creator
It Lurks Below (2018) – Creator
References
Bibliography
External links
Diablo made me do it - 1UP.com interview
Hellgate: London Interview - StrategyInformer interview
Diablo 2 Designer Diaries - GameSpot interview
Lead Creator - Blue's News Turbine expansion
About David Brevik - Graybeard Games website
American video game designers
California State University, Chico alumni
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Video game producers
1968 births
Blizzard Entertainment people
American video game programmers
"No Guidance" is a song by American singer Chris Brown featuring vocals from Canadian rapper Drake. It was released on June 8, 2019, as the fourth single from Brown's ninth studio album, Indigo (2019). The song was written by Brown, Drake, Velous and Nija Charles, and produced by Vinylz, J-Louis, Teddy Walton, and Canadian producer 40.
"No Guidance" garnered positive reviews from music critics, who complimented the song's catchiness and Brown's vocal performance. The song received great success, becoming Brown's highest charting single as a lead artist on the Billboard Hot 100 since "Forever". The song dominated on both pop and hip-hop radio, breaking the record for most weeks at number one on the R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay, being subsequently surpassed by "Go Crazy", also by Brown. The song peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot 100, and also reached the top ten in Australia and New Zealand, Belgium, Canada, Czech Republic and UK. Among the certifications it gained, it was most notably certified octuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), quadruple platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), and triple platinum by the Canadian Recording Industry Association (MC).
The song won three Soul Train Music Awards and received a nomination for Best R&B Song at the 62nd Grammy Awards.
Background
Brown and Drake have had a history of feuds dating back to 2012 over singer Rihanna, which escalated in June of that year after friends of the musicians started throwing bottles at each other in a New York City nightclub. In 2013 Brown even dissed Drake on Young Jeezy's song "R.I.P. (Remix) " by rapping "Dearly departed, I bought a plane I departed/ And if you started from the bottom, go on and come out the closet," rhyming that on the song's final verse, making a clear reference to Drake and his "Started from the Bottom" single. The following years the artists sporadically made offensive comments aimed at each other, expressing their hatred. However, on October 12, 2018, Drake brought out the singer on his Aubrey & the Three Migos Tour date in Los Angeles and publicly ended their feud. The performance sparked rumors about a possible collaboration and Drake later teased a possible collaboration with Brown on Instagram in early 2019.
Following Brown's announcement of having collaborated with Drake on his Indigo album, snippets of the song, taken from Brown's 30th birthday party, were leaked online on May 5, 2019. On June 5, 2019, Brown teased the song on his social media and two days later announced that the song would be released that night. Even before its release, various news outlets called the song a contender for 2019's "Song of the Summer".
Drake, when discussing his reconciliation with Brown during a Tidal interview, talked about the making of the song, saying: “We've come together before and tried to link and make music and we were always kind of forcing it”, and after finally ending their beef in 2018 they found it more natural to work together. Drake stated: "I just always had a lot of admiration for his talent and I think finally he gave me the mutual respect and admiration by allowing me to take the lead on the song".
Composition
"No Guidance" is a mid-tempo R&B song. It was written by Brown, Drake, Velous and Nija Charles, while the production was handled by Vinylz, J-Louis, 40 and Teddy Walton. Its production contains an uncredited vocal sample of "Before I Die", written and performed by Che Ecru. In the song the two artists express to a woman their intention of establishing a life-changing love relationship with her, but also manifesting paranoia caused by respective mistakes that led to the end of their previous failed relationships.
Critical reception
Trent Clark of HipHopDX complimented the song, saying that it "serves as a timeless bluesy groove". Vulture'''s reviewer Craig Jenkins said that: "their first proper one-on-one collaboration, sparks but never exactly glows", finding it to be "too familiar", but ending up saying that "I'll be stuck on it for the next few days either way". Desire Thompson of Vibe stated that the song proves that Brown and Drake "make a good R&B team".
Music video
The "No Guidance" music video was directed by Chris Robinson, and released on July 26, 2019. The video has a total run-time of 9 minutes and 7 seconds. Drake's reaction to Brown's dance during the dance battle, in which he quips "Ooo wow"'', has since garnered meme popularity. Singers Tory Lanez and Sevyn Streeter made cameo appearances in the video.
Synopsis
The video starts with some dialogue cuts that set up a party where the two artists accidentally meet. It later depicts the confrontation between Chris Brown and Drake surrounded by their crews and multiple ladies in a Miami carpark, which ends up being a dance battle. During the battle Brown executes a
complex choreography of the song's last verse, while Drake responds with goofy dance moves, interpreted in a comical way. Following the confrontation, the two artists resolve their beef.
Commercial performance
In the United Kingdom, "No Guidance" debuted at number eight on the UK Singles Chart on the chart dated June 14, 2019, and moved up to number 6 in its second week charting. It serves as Brown's 16th top-ten song and Drake's 17th top ten on the chart. In the United States, the song debuted at number nine on the US Billboard Hot 100, making it Chris Brown's 15th top-ten song and Drake's 34th top ten on the chart. It later peaked at number five, making it Brown's first top five as a lead artist since "Forever" (2008). In Canada the song debuted at number 7.
The single was nominated for Best R&B Song at the 2020 Grammy Awards, but lost to PJ Morton's "Say So".
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Chris Brown – lead vocals
Drake – featured vocals
Vinylz – production
J-Louis – production
Noah "40" Shebib– production
Teddy Walton – production
Patrizio Pigliapoco – recording
Noel Cadastre – recording
Ben Magikz – recording
Noah "40" Shebib – mixing engineer
Chris Athens – mastering engineer
Eazy $ign – vocal engineer
Awards and nominations
The single won Best Collaboration Performance, Best Dance Performance and Song of the Year at the 2019 Soul Train Music Awards and received a nomination for Best R&B Song at the 62nd Grammy Awards.
Other versions
Tinashe released a remix of "No Guidance" on June 11, 2019. Fetty Wap released a freestyle of "No Guidance" on August 3, 2019.
A remix by artist Ayzha Nyree released in 2020 went viral on TikTok.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2019 songs
Chris Brown songs
Drake (musician) songs
Songs written by Nija Charles
Songs written by Chris Brown
Songs written by Drake (musician)
Songs written by Teddy Walton
Songs written by 40 (record producer)
Songs written by Vinylz
Song recordings produced by 40 (record producer)
Internet memes introduced in 2019
Song recordings produced by Vinylz
María José López Herrera (born 9 October 1984) is a Mexican former professional tennis player.
Born in San Luis Potosí, López Herrera was a world number 18 junior and a girl' doubles semi-finalist at Wimbledon.
López Herrera, who represented the Mexico Fed Cup team in 2001 and 2002, made two main draw appearances as a wildcard at the WTA Tour's Mexican Open. She fell in the first round on both occasions.
ITF finals
Singles: 1 (0–1)
Doubles: 1 (1–0)
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Mexican female tennis players
Sportspeople from San Luis Potosí
20th-century Mexican women
21st-century Mexican women
Leonard Illarionovich Adamov (, ; 10 March 1941 – 9 November 1977) was a Ukrainian and Soviet football player. He committed suicide by jumping out of his apartment window.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1962.
International career
Adamov played his only game for USSR on 4 September 1965 in a friendly against Yugoslavia.
External links
Profile
1941 births
1977 deaths
Soviet footballers
Association football forwards
Soviet Union international footballers
Suicides by jumping in Belarus
Suicides in the Soviet Union
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Dinamo Minsk players
Soviet Top League players
Soviet football managers
1977 suicides
Amnesty is a pardon extended by the government to a group or class of persons.
Amnesty may also refer to:
Amnesty (2011 film), a 2011 Albanian drama film
Amnesty (2019 film), a 2019 Slovak-Czech thriller film
Amnesty (I) (album), a 2016 album by Crystal Castles
Amnesty Act, an act that removed restriction from secessionists in the American Civil War
Amnesty clause, a salary cap provision in the National Basketball Association (NBA)
Amnesty International, a human rights organization
Amnesty the game, a game related to Amnesty International
Amnesty for Polish citizens in the Soviet Union
Amnesty of 1947, a law for soldiers and activists of the Polish anti-communist underground
Clapper v. Amnesty International USA, a US Supreme Court case dealing with a challenge to Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act
Tax amnesty, an opportunity for forgiveness of a tax liability
Amnesty (novel), the fifth novel from Aravind Adiga
Henry Herrick, sometimes spelled Henry Hayrick or Henry Heyrick or Henry Heyricke was a member of the Virginia House of Burgesses, the elected lower house of the colonial Virginia General Assembly, from Warwick County, in 1644 and 1644–1645.
In a note in the Richmond Standard quoted in other sources, Henry Herrick is said to be a nephew of Thomas Herrick, burgess for "The Upper Part of" Elizabeth City, Virginia, later Elizabeth City County, Virginia, now Hampton, Virginia, in 1629–1630.
He was the son of William Herrick (MP) and his wife, Joan, daughter of Richard May of London and his wife, Mary Hilderson of Devonshire.
Notes
References
Stanard, William G. and Mary Newton Stanard. The Virginia Colonial Register. Albany, NY: Joel Munsell's Sons Publishers, 1902. , Retrieved July 15, 2011.
Tyler, Lyon Gardiner, ed. 'Encyclopedia of Virginia Biography'. Volume 1. New York, Lewis Historical Publishing Company, 1915. . Retrieved February 16, 2013.
People from Warwick County, Virginia
Virginia colonial people
House of Burgesses members
17th-century American politicians
1604 births
1671 deaths
Amantani is an island on the Peruvian side of Lake Titicaca. According to a 1988 census, it had a population of 3,663 Quechua speakers divided among about 800 families. The most current census (2017) estimates a population of 3,557. The island is circular and about in size. It has two mountain peaks, Pachatata ("father earth") and Pachamama ("mother earth"), with ancient Inca and Tiwanaku ruins on top of both. The hillsides are terraced, mostly worked by hand, and planted with wheat, quinoa, potatoes, and other vegetables. Livestock, including sheep, also graze the slopes.
Amantani is known as the "Island of the Kantuta", after the national flower of Peru and Bolivia, which grows plentifully on the island.
Overview
The temples at the top of the peaks are generally closed during the year. Entrance is permitted on the morning of the annual feast day on or around January 20 (the third Thursday in January), at which time the island's population divides in two, with each group gathering at its respective temple. A race is then held from each peak to a point somewhere between the two, and a representative of each group is chosen to run. According to tradition, a victory for Pachamama portends a bountiful harvest in the year to come.
Similar to the Taquileños, the inhabitants of Amantani are also known for their textiles, as well as their ceramics. Most of the inhabitants live in houses of adobe. There is a small health clinic and school on Amantaní. The island has no cars but does have a generator, though it is no longer functional.
There are no hotels, but some of the families on Amantani open their homes to tourists for overnight stays and provide cooked meals, arranged through tour guides. The families who do so are required to have a special room set aside for the tourists and must fit a code by the tour companies that help them. Guests typically take food staples (cooking oil, rice, fruits) as a gift or school supplies for the children on the island. Sweets and sugar are not recommended as regular dental care is uncommon on the island. They hold nightly traditional dance shows for the tourists where they offer to dress them up in their traditional clothes and participate. Women of the families also offer self-made alpaca-hats to their visitors as cover for the night-breeze, which the visitors are most welcome to buy at the end of their stay.
See also
Taquile Island
Tikunata
Sources
Jordi Gascón, Gringos como en sueños: Diferenciación y conflicto campesino en los Andes Peruanos ante el desarrollo del turismo. Lima: Instituto de Estudios Peruanos.
CBC - "INKA POWER PLACES, SOLAR INITIATIONS" by Mallku Aribalo
References
Lake islands of Peru
Islands of Lake Titicaca
Bouts-Rimés (French, literally 'rhymed-ends') is the name given to a kind of poetic game defined by Addison in the Spectator as "lists of words that rhyme to one another, drawn up by another hand, and given to a poet, who was to make a poem to the rhymes in the same order that they were placed upon the list".
The more odd and perplexing the rhymes are, the more ingenuity is required to give a semblance of common sense to the production. For instance, the rhyme scheme breeze, elephant, squeeze, pant, scant, please, hope, pope is submitted, and the following stanza is the result:
The invention of bouts-rimés is attributed to a minor French poet of the 17th century named Dulot, of whom little else is remembered. According to the Menagiana, about the year 1648, Dulot was complaining one day that he had been robbed of a number of valuable papers, and, in particular, of three hundred sonnets. Surprise being expressed at his having written so many, Dulot explained that they were all blank sonnets, that is to say, that he had put down the rhymes and nothing else. The idea struck everyone as amusing, and what Dulot had done seriously was taken up as a jest. Bouts-rimés became the fashion, and in 1654 Jean François Sarrazin composed a satire against them, entitled La Défaite des bouts-rimés ('The defeat of the rhymed-ends'), which enjoyed a great success. Nevertheless, they continued to be abundantly composed in France throughout the 17th century and a great part of the 18th century.
The Academy of Toulouse have also contributed towards keeping in countenance the bouts-rimés, by holding an annual contest , to describe the glories of Louis XIV of France; the victorious sonnet was rewarded with a medal. An instance of this is the following one, filled out by Father Commire:
{|
|Tout est grand dans le Roi, l'Aspect seul de son
|buste
|Everything is big about the king, just the looks of his bust
|-
|Rend nos fiers Ennemis plus froids que des
|Glacons :
| turn our fierce enemies colder than ice
|-
|Et Guillaume n'attend que le Tems des
|Moissons,
| and William can't wait for the time of [Moissons],
|-
|Pour se voir Soccomber sous un bras si
|robuste.
|to see himself succumb under so robust an arm.
|-
|Qu'on ne nous vante plus les Miracles d'''
|Auguste;
| Let nobody praise the miracles of August to use anymore;
|-
|Louis de bien regnir lui feroit des|Lecons :
|Louis [feroit] him the lessons of good ruling:
|-
|Horace en vain l'egale aux Dieux dans ses|Chansons.
|Horace vainly compares him to the gods in his songs.
|-
|Moins que mon Heros il etoit sage et|juste, etc.
| Less than my hero, he was wise and just, etc.
|-
|}
In 1701 Etienne Mallemans (d. 1716) published a collection of serious sonnets, all written to rhymes selected for him by the duchess of Maine. Neither Piron, nor Marmontel, nor La Motte disdained this ingenious exercise, and early in the 19th century the fashion was revived. The most curious incident, however, in the history of bouts-rimés is the fact that the elder Alexandre Dumas, in 1864, took them under his protection. He issued an invitation to all the poets of France to display their skill by composing to sets of rhymes selected for the purpose by the poet, Joseph Méry (1798-1866). No fewer than 350 writers responded to the appeal, and Dumas published the result, as a volume, in 1865.
W. M. Rossetti, in the memoir of his brother prefixed to Dante Gabriel Rossetti's Collected Works (1886), mentions that, especially in 1848 and 1849, he and Rossetti constantly practised their pens in writing sonnets to bouts-rimés, each giving the other the rhymes for a sonnet, and Dante Gabriel writing off these exercises in verse-making at the rate of a sonnet in five or eight minutes. Most of W. M. Rossetti's poems in The Germ were bouts-rimés experiments. Many of Dante Gabriel's, a little touched-up, remained in his brother's possession, but were not included in the Collected Works''. Their sister, Christina Rossetti, was considered particularly good. Dante prized the following sonnet she had composed in this fashion:
Notes
References
External links
Play Bouts-Rimés online
Word games
Poetic forms
1640s in France
1640s introductions
1640s in literature
French inventions
The It Girl is the first book in The It Girl series. It was written in 2005 by a ghostwriter with suggestions from Cecily von Ziegesar. It is a spin-off from the Gossip Girl series aimed toward young adults. The book follows Jenny Humphrey as she enrolls at an elite boarding school in Upstate New York.
The cover model for the first edition (illustrated) is Hope Hicks, who would later be appointed as White House Communications Director in September 2017.
Plot
After being kicked out of her former school, Jenny Humphrey enrolls at the posh Waverly Academy located in Upstate New York. Jenny hopes to leave her unsophisticated past behind and reinvent herself. She meets her new roommates Callie Vernon and Brett Messerschmidt, two of the most popular girls on campus. Jenny occupies the third bed in the triple that used to belong to Tinsley Carmichael, who was expelled the previous year for getting caught with Ecstasy on campus.
Jenny attends the first party of the year, unaware of the gossip already swirling about her. She accepts an invitation from charmingly sloppy Heath Ferro to go into the school chapel alone. Jenny allows Heath to kiss her, but is dismayed when he passes out in her lap. Jenny walks him to his dorm and leaves, but the next day, Heath brags about having had sex with her in the chapel.
Callie's relationship with her boyfriend Easy Walsh has hit a rut. Callie invites him to her room, unaware Jenny is also there, trying to sleep. Jenny is discovered and a frustrated Callie leaves to go to the bathroom. Easy is surprised at his attraction to Jenny, but their conversation is interrupted by the dorm supervisor's husband, Mr. Pardee. Realizing she could be expelled for having Easy in her room, Callie convinces Mr. Pardee that Easy was visiting Jenny and not her. Easy and Jenny are each called in separately to meet with their student advisor, Eric Dalton, who decides the matter will be resolved in a disciplinary hearing.
Co-captain of the field hockey team Celine Colista pressures Callie to select Jenny to be the target of the year's hazing ritual at the field hockey match against St. Lucius. Initially mortified when she realizes the prank, Jenny quickly turns the cheer around and becomes one of the most popular girls in the school. Later, at Heath Ferro's party, Easy and Jenny admit their feelings for each other.
The next day, the girls are forced to play a scrimmage, despite being hungover and tired from the party. Callie and Brett almost get into a fight over who sold Tinsley out before realizing Tinsley took all the blame herself. Brett and Eric begin an affair and Brett ends her relationship with her boyfriend Jeremiah.
Sensing Easy's affections waning, Callie attempts to seduce him in the rare book room in the library but becomes frustrated when Easy does not reciprocate. Easy becomes frustrated when Callie tries to grill him on his future comments at the upcoming disciplinary hearing. The two fight and Easy breaks up with Callie.
The next day, at the disciplinary hearing, Easy is found guilty but is let off easy, as he is a legacy child. As Jenny and her roommates celebrate, Dean Marymount interrupts, announcing Tinsley Carmichael's return.
References
External links
Common Sense Media review of The It Girl
TeenReads review of The It Girl
BookHaven review of The It Girl
2005 American novels
American young adult novels
Chick lit novels
Little, Brown and Company books
Novels by Cecily von Ziegesar
Novels set in New York (state)
Novels set in boarding schools
Laura Lynn Hartong (born 1958) is a British former television actress best known for playing Charlotte Onedin in four series of The Onedin Line created by Cyril Abraham.
Born in Windsor, in the 1970s Hartong attended the Elmhurst Ballet School in Camberley in Surrey, where a contemporary was the actress Hetty Baynes.
Laura Hartong made her first television appearance as Naomi in six episodes of The Growing Summer (1968), and played Princess Yasmin in the episode 'The Princess and the Potion' in Jackanory Playhouse (1972). However, she is best known for playing Charlotte Onedin, the daughter of Anne and James Onedin, in 33 episodes of the popular BBC drama The Onedin Line (1977-1980). In 1989 she married John Alley; the marriage was later dissolved. In 2001 she married marketing executive Guy Andrew Coite Tarring (born 1953). This marriage was also later dissolved.
After leaving acting Hartong went into marketing, and today she is Field Marketing Manager at Seagate Technology in Slough. She is a Trustee of the British Ballet Organization, the dance examination board.
References
1958 births
Living people
English television actresses
Graphium euphratoides is a butterfly found in Mindanao in the Philippines that belongs to the swallowtail family.
Taxonomy
Originally described as Papilio antiphates Cram. Form euphratoides Eimer, 1889 this taxon has been treated as
a synonym (aberration) of Graphium antiphates decolor Staudinger, 1888
a subspecies of Graphium euphrates Felder, 1862
a subspecies of Graphium decolor Staudinger, 1888
a species of Graphium
References
Page & Treadaway, 2003 Schmetterlinge der Erde, Butterflies of the world Part XVII (17), Papilionidae IX Papilionidae of the Philippine Islands. Edited by Erich Bauer and Thomas Frankenbach Keltern: Goecke & Evers; Canterbury: Hillside Books.
euphratoides
Butterflies described in 1889
Butterflies of Africa
Donald Alfred Stauffer (July 4, 1902 – August 8, 1952) was an American literary critic, novelist and Professor of English who spent the majority of his career at Princeton University.
Biography
Stauffer studied at Princeton University, where he completed his A.B. degree in 1923 and A.M. degree in 1924. He received both a Guggenheim Fellowship and Rhodes Scholarship to Merton College, Oxford, where he completed his D.Phil. degree in 1928. After completing his doctorate he returned to Princeton, where he spent most of his career as Professor of English and English Department Chairman.
He held the Eastman Professorship at the University of Oxford from 1951 to 1952. He unexpectedly died in Oxford in August 1952, aged 50.
His books included English Biography Before 1700 (Harvard, 1930). and 'The Nature of Poetry (Norton, 1946).
BibliographyEnglish Biography Before 1700 (1930)The Art of Biography in 18th Century England (1941)The Intent of the Critic (1941)Brother, This Is War (1945)The Nature of Poetry (1946)The Saint and the Hunchback'' (1946)
References
1902 births
Princeton University faculty
American Rhodes Scholars
Princeton University alumni
Alumni of Merton College, Oxford
1952 deaths
The Long View Center is a historic church building located in the Moore Square Historic District of Raleigh, North Carolina, United States. The facility sits directly across from Moore Square, one of two surviving four-acre (1.6 ha) parks from Raleigh's original 1792 plan. Built between 1879 and 1881, Long View was originally known as Tabernacle Baptist Church. The name of the building was changed to Long View Center in 1998 after a local developer purchased the property to be used as a mixed-use facility. After a purchase in December 2013, it is now owned by Vintage Church. Currently, the sanctuary and offices are used by Vintage Church and Sunday services are held by Vintage Church Downtown.
History
In 1874, ten members of Raleigh's First Baptist Church left the congregation and began Swain Street Baptist Church. After the church's facility became too small for the growing membership, Swain Street members constructed a new building at the corner of Person and Hargett Streets and changed their name to Second Street Baptist Church. The new location was dedicated in October 1881. The name of the church was once again changed in 1910, this time to Tabernacle Baptist Church.
During the influenza epidemic of 1918, the church opened a soup kitchen in the 1880 Hall and delivered over 2,000 meals to residents of the city. In the 1940s, the church operated a World War II serviceman's center in a building next to the sanctuary. Throughout the war, an estimated 2,000 men visited the center. During this time, the church membership rose to almost 4,000 people and Tabernacle became the largest Baptist church in North Carolina. Because of this increasing membership, two additional buildings were added.
When suburbanization became popular in the 1960s, membership began to decrease as more people moved out of the downtown area. By the late 1990s, there were only 650 members left. In 1998, the congregation decided to relocate to north Raleigh and sold the property to developer Gordon Smith for $3.07 million. While their new facility was being constructed, Tabernacle members continued to use the building until 2001. In 2006, Gordon leased the sanctuary to Unity Church after attending one of their religious services.
In December 2013, Gordon Smith sold the Long View Center to Vintage Church. Unity Church continued to use the building until June 2014, before relocating to new facilities. Vintage Church Downtown held its first service at the Long View Center on July 6, 2014, after a month of renovations.
Architecture
The Long View Center is a mixture of Gothic Revival and Romanesque architecture. Originally a simple framed structure, Tabernacle was renovated throughout the early 20th century as the Moore Square district developed. The most notable renovation took place in 1910.
The facility consists of a series of four buildings totalling 50,000 sq ft (4,645 sq m). The buildings are Freedoms Hall, 1880 Hall, North Carolina Hall, and Futures Hall.
Freedoms Hall is the original sanctuary and is adjacent to Exploris Middle School. Freedom contains 64 stained glass windows, the bell tower, parlor, and features natural acoustics. Most events at Long View take place in Freedoms Hall. The 1880 Hall, named after the year the dining hall was completed, is home to the art gallery, reception area, and smaller performances. The Futures Hall is a renovated two-story office building and the North Carolina Hall contains the Conference Room, as well as additional office space.
Current use
Vintage Church currently uses the facility to house its central staff offices as well as Vintage Church Downtown offices and ministry spaces. Sunday gatherings of Vintage Church Downtown are held in the sanctuary and classroom spaces. The building also serves as a venue for concerts and events such as the Hopscotch Music Festival, Wide Open Bluegrass Festival, and art galleries for First Night and First Friday.
References
External links
<http://www.VintageNC.com>
Churches completed in 1881
19th-century Baptist churches in the United States
Churches in Raleigh, North Carolina
Gothic Revival architecture in North Carolina
Music venues in North Carolina
Art museums and galleries in North Carolina
Tourist attractions in Raleigh, North Carolina
Unitarian Universalist churches in North Carolina
1881 establishments in North Carolina
Pre-mRNA-processing factor 40 homolog B is a protein that in humans that is encoded by the PRPF40B gene.
References
Further reading
Juan Verdaguer (1915–2001) was a Uruguayan actor. He is best known for his role in the 1958 Argentine film Rosaura at 10 O'clock.
Selected filmography
Estrellas de Buenos Aires (1956)
Rosaura at 10 O'clock (1958)
La Herencia (1964)
Cleopatra Was Candida (1964)
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1915 births
2001 deaths
Uruguayan male film actors
Uruguayan emigrants to Argentina
People from Montevideo
Robin Neely Henderson is the Associate Director, Management, of the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center located in Huntsville, Alabama. She was named to become the center's Acting Director effective August 3, 2012, following the retirement of the previous director, Arthur E. Goldman, to take a private sector position. On September 25, 2012, NASA named Patrick Scheuermann as the center's new permanent director.
Career
Henderson joined the Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC) in 1983. She worked as a technical analyst for the Hubble Space Telescope Project Planning & Control Office until 1986. In 1986, she accepted a one-year assignment to support the International Space Station Program Office at NASA Headquarters in Washington, D.C. In 1987, she served as a technical analyst for the Space Station Projects Office.
From 1988 to 1990, she was assistant to the manager of the Space Systems Project Office. Henderson was a business manager for the Upper Stages Project Office from 1990 to 1993, "supervising all business aspects of the Marshall Center's development of expendable rocket stages and associated systems". From 1993 to 1995, Henderson was the business manager of NASA's Microgravity Projects Office and from 1995 to 1997 she served as that office's deputy project manager.
From 1998 to 2002, she was a deputy manager of the Microgravity Research Program Office. From 2002 to 2004, Henderson was the chief operating officer of the National Space Science and Technology Center. In that role, she managed center operations and recommended business strategies to the center's executive director. Henderson was appointed as associate director of management for the Marshall Space Flight Center in August 2004.
On July 9, 2012, Marshall's acting director, Arthur E. "Gene" Goldman, announced that he would be leaving NASA to become the executive director for Aerojet's Southeast Space Operations division. That same day, NASA announced that Henderson, Marshall's associate director of management, would replace Goldman as acting director of the center effective August 3, 2012. On September 25, 2012, NASA named Patrick Scheuermann, then serving as director of NASA's John C. Stennis Space Center, as the new permanent director of the Marshall Space Flight Center.
Awards and honors
Over the course of Henderson's NASA career, she has been honored multiple times for her work with the agency. In 1996, she was awarded the NASA Exceptional Achievement Medal for "outstanding contributions in planning and developing multiple microgravity projects". In 2005, she received the NASA Outstanding Leadership Medal for her "outstanding leadership, dedication and professionalism" during the Marshall Center's "realignment with NASA's initiative calling for new exploration of the moon, Mars and beyond". In 2006, she was presented the Presidential Rank Award for "outstanding leadership and service" with NASA.
Henderson has received several NASA Group Achievement Awards and Special Service Awards for her "exceptional contributions toward reaching NASA's space mission goals". In 2004, Henderson served as president of the Marshall Management Association, an organization of MSFC executives and employees that "supports excellence across the work force" and "participates in education initiatives designed to inspire and nurture future generations of engineers, scientists and space explorers".
Education
Henderson is a graduate of Austin High School in Decatur, Alabama. She enrolled at the University of Alabama in Huntsville as a business major but after working as a co-op student at Martin Marietta, Henderson shifted her course of studies. She transferred to the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, where she earned a bachelor's degree in industrial engineering in 1983. She was named a University of Alabama College of Engineering Distinguished Engineering Fellow in 2010.
Personal life
Born Robin Neely, Henderson is a native of Decatur, Alabama. She and her husband, Cecil W. Henderson Jr., have three grown children.
References
External links
Marshall Space Flight Center website
1960 births
Living people
Directors of the Marshall Space Flight Center
NASA people
People from Decatur, Alabama
University of Alabama in Huntsville alumni
University of Alabama alumni
American chief operating officers
Capri Cinema could refer to:
Capri Theatre, in the suburb of Goodwood in Adelaide, South Australia (formerly Cinema Capri)
Capri Cinema (Chicago), in Chicago, now defunct.
Quell is a wearable device, manufactured by Neurometrix, that claims to offer relief from chronic pain without the use of drugs. Quell is an FDA approved band worn on the calf and uses Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation (TENS) technology. Neurometrix reference a small study, funded by the company, to claim efficacy in chronic pain; however, evidence is currently limited
References
External links
Company website
Wearable devices
Hill Grove is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Hill Grove was laid out in 1848. A post office called Hill Grove was established in 1837, and remained in operation until 1917. Being close to Union City limited the community's early growth.
Notable person
Harvey C. Garber, U.S. Representative from Ohio
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Agave anomala is a species of Agave in the family Asparagaceae. This species is found on Cuba and also on San Salvador Island in the Bahamas. Several other Agave including the ornamental species, A. americana (century plant) are present on San Salvador.
Agave anomala forms colonies of rosettes that spread vegetatively. Leaves are lanceolate, up to 100 cm (40 inches) long, either without prickles or with only a few prickles along the margins near the base. Flowering stalks can reach a height of up to 4 m (13 feet). Flowers are yellow, up to 7 cm (2.75 inches) long.
References
anomala
Flora of Cuba
Plants described in 1913
Flora of the Bahamas
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Nasr al Bahr is an amphibious warfare vessel operated by the Royal Navy of Oman. The vessel was launched in 1985.
Nasr al Bahr was ordered in 1982 from Brooke Marine by the government of Oman as a follow-on to the smaller Al Munassir. The design was similar to the Kalaat Beni Hammed class ordered by the Algerian National Navy and is considered to be of the same class, although it differs in details like its powerplant and sensors.
The vessel was designed to transport up to of cargo or 7 main battle tanks along with 240 fully equipped troops which disembark from bow doors and a ramp, plus a number of landing craft. The vessel was also equipped with a helipad aft that could accommodate a helicopter up to the size of a Westland Sea King.
References
1985 ships
Amphibious warfare vessels of the Royal Navy of Oman
Ships built in Lowestoft
Lancaster Hill () is a hill at the south side of the mouth of Trooz Glacier, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was first charted by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1908–10, under Jean-Baptiste Charcot. The hill was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1959 for Sir James Lancaster, an English navigator of the East India Company who was responsible for the first regular use of fruit juice to prevent scurvy on ships, in 1601.
References
Hills of Graham Land
Graham Coast
The Capri Theatre is a heritage-listed cinema in Goodwood, a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, built in the Art Deco style in 1941. It was formerly called the Goodwood Star, New Curzon, and Cinema Capri.
It is owned by and is home to the Theatre Organ Society of Australia (SA Division). A notable feature of the cinema is the Wurlitzer theatre organ, which is used regularly for recitals, as well as an entertainment feature supporting the screening of films.
History
The cinema was designed by renowned Art Deco architect Christopher Arthur Smith. It was built by R.J. Nurse of Norwood, and the interior decoration was by a Mrs B.A. Gordon. The original plans show the name "Savoy", but it was initially named the Goodwood Star.
The cinema opened on 8 October 1941 as the New Star Theatre, replacing the existing 1920-built Star Theatre which still stands, two doors southwards. It was part of the Clifford Theatre Circuit and had a seating capacity of 1,472 persons. The films shown on opening night were Robert Young in Florian and Lew Ayres in Dr. Kildare Goes Home.
Greater Union acquired the cinema 1947, as part of their acquisition of the Clifford Circuit.
The cinema was renamed as the New Curzon on 21 February 1964, then again as the Cinema Capri on 16 November 1967, when Greater Union took out most of the Art Deco interior decorative features and reduced the seating capacity to 851.
The Theatre Organ Society of Australia (South Australian Division) Inc. purchased the cinema in 1978, and they relaunched the cinema as the Capri Theatre. Many of the interior features have been retained and restored since then, with an appeal launched by the National Trust of Australia to repaint the exterior for the theatre's 75th anniversary in 2016.
Installation of the "Mighty Wurlitzer"
The Theatre Organ Society (TOSA) installed a Wurlitzer theatre organ, after altering the proscenium arch to allow for it, with the pipe work in glass fronted chambers along each side of the screen. The inaugural concert took place on 2 April 1983.
The organ had been built in Sydney, before being moved to Darwin for some years, finally being moved to Adelaide by TOSA not long before Cyclone Tracy devastated the house it had been kept in.
As originally installed, the organ had four keyboards and 13 sets of pipes (ranks). These were added to, until it has 29 ranks, making it the second largest in the Southern Hemisphere. The pipework has been progressively installed in glass-fronted chambers, unique in a theatre or cinema.
Heritage listing
On 27 September 1990 the cinema was placed on the South Australian Heritage Register.
Authentic Art Deco restoration
While the cinema has modern presentation features, its appearance has been carefully restored to its 1941 Art Deco design, including:
Exterior and interior decoration restored to original 1941 colours and styles
Original 1941 design carpeting
Replica 1941 Art Deco fireplace, mirror & wooden Venetians in the upstairs foyer
Club Lounges and replica 1941 round column seating in both foyers
Features, operation and programming
The cinema is a single-screen cinema, with 750 seats on two levels. It is available for hire, specialising in fund-raising events, and is used as a venue for Adelaide Fringe events.
The cinema had a new digital projection system installed in 2012, with the assistance of the South Australian Government and Unley Council. Upstairs, it features lounge seats, including double "love seats".
The cinema is run as a not-for-profit organisation, run mostly by volunteers and with all profits spent on the upkeep of the building and its famous organ.
The cinema operates mainstream cinema programming. Several times a year, it presents "Nostalgia Movie Nights", when popular classic films are shown, in a programme with supporting short films, a newsreel and nostalgic advertising. Another regular event is the "Cult at the Capri", when two films are shown.
The Wurlitzer is played before sessions on Tuesday, Friday and Saturday evenings, and is also used for regular organ concerts featuring local and international organists.
See also
Rod Blackmore Author of Australasian Theatre Organs
References
External links
Art Deco architecture in South Australia
Cinemas in Adelaide
Culture of South Australia
Tourist attractions in South Australia
South Australian Heritage Register
Hans Homma (1874–1943) was an Austrian stage and film actor. He also directed a number of silent films.
Homma was known for his work at Vienna's Burgtheater.
Selected filmography
Actor
Queen Draga (1920)
The Hands of Orlac (1924)
Modellhaus Crevette (1928)
The Monte Cristo of Prague (1929)
Archduke John (1929)
The Secret of Cavelli (1934)
Leap into Bliss (1934)
Spring Parade (1934)
Her Highness Dances the Waltz (1935)
Last Love (1935)
Flowers from Nice (1936)
Director
The Venus (1922)
The Ghost of Morton's Castle (1922)
The Marquise of Clermont (1922)
The Hell of Barballo (1923)
References
Bibliography
Ryan Shand, Small-Gauge Storytelling: Discovering the Amateur Fiction Film: Discovering the Amateur Fiction Film. Edinburgh University Press, 2013.
External links
1874 births
1943 deaths
Austrian male stage actors
Austrian male film actors
Austrian film directors
Male actors from Vienna
Takane No.2 Dam is a hollow gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 173 km2. The dam impounds about 58 ha of land when full and can store 11927 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1963 and completed in 1968.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
The Golden Gate Building, built in 1925, is an historic real estate and land development office building located on State Road A1A at 3225 South East Dixie Highway (corner of South East Delmar Street) in the unincorporated community of Golden Gate south of Stuart in Martin County, Florida. It was built by the Golden Gate Development Company to serve as the sales office for its 200 block subdivision called Golden Gate. which was a re-subdivision of a part of the 1911 subdivision called Port Sewall. The Florida Land Boom, however, collapsed before it could be used as such. In 1926, it became the Port Sewall Post Office and it was later used as a church and then as an art studio, before being abandoned and falling into disrepair.
In 1989, the Golden Gate Building was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture, published by the University of Florida Press.
In 2002, the Board of County Commissioners of Martin County bought it in order to prevent its destruction. Renovations which began in 2005 were directed first to shoring up the four walls which were in serious danger of collapse. Exterior renovations were completed in 2008 with a $48,000 grant from the state and it is anticipated that the interior will be restored by 2010. The Friends of the Historic Golden Gate Community spearhead the renovation efforts. Plans called for the 2-story building to be increased to with the new space to be used to provide amenities such as the bathrooms necessary for a public community center.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017.
In 2017, a collaboration of non-profit agencies and funding partners throughout Martin County completed the renovation to the historic building, opening it to the public as the Golden Gate Center for Enrichment. The two-story community center features a library outpost and computer lab on the first floor with classroom space suited for diverse teaching layouts and uses. Martin County-based human services agency, House of Hope, manages the building and all of its operations, while program partners provide the community with workshops, classes, access to technology, and information sessions designed to enhance life skills, earning potential, health and overall well-being at no cost to participants. The exterior lot has been transformed into a nutrition garden maintained by House of Hope staff and volunteers which is accessed frequently as part of the "Gardening for Healthy Families" curriculum offered weekly to the community.
References
External links
Martin County Growth Management Department: Golden Gate redevelopment
Stuart News, June 14, 2008, Golden Gate Building may be renovated by 2010 by Veronica Holt
Stuart News Nov. 28, 2016 by Jackie Holfelder, For Luminaries
TCpalm.com August 3, 2017 by Tara Jacobs, YourNews contributor
Historic
Buildings and structures in Martin County, Florida
National Register of Historic Places in Martin County, Florida
T. K. Viswanathan (born 14 October 1948) is the Secretary General of the 15th Lok Sabha and Lok Sabha Secretariat, Parliament of India, i.e. the House of the People in the Indian Parliament. As Secretary General, he is also the Administrative head of the Secretariat of the Lok Sabha. The post of Secretary General is of the rank of the Cabinet Secretary in the Government of India, who is the senior most civil servant to the Indian Government. The incumbent to the post is appointed by the Speaker of Lok Sabha in consultation with the Prime Minister of India and the Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha. As per precedence, incumbents to the post of Secretary General have either been senior officers in the Lok Sabha Secretariat or senior civil servants in the Government of India.
In 2017, Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian award Padma Shri for his work in the field of literature & education.
References
External links
Official Biographical Sketch of Secretary General – Parliament of India
External links
http://164.100.47.194/loksabha/Secretariat/SecretaryGen.aspx
http://164.100.47.132/lss_siteupdation/member/sg.pdf
https://web.archive.org/web/20090831092354/http://164.100.47.132/LssNew/members/sittingmember.aspx
http://headlinesindia.mapsofindia.com/parliament-news/lok-sabha/viswanathan-assumes-charge-of-lok-sabha-secretary-general-64549.html
http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/article799383.ece
1948 births
Living people
15th Lok Sabha
Politicians from Chennai
Secretaries General of the Lok Sabha
Recipients of the Padma Shri in civil service
Yaya Bey is an American rhythm and blues musician from Brooklyn.
History
Bey released her first album in 2020 titled Madison Tapes. Bey released an EP titled The Things I Can't Take With Me the following year, through Big Dada. Bey released her second full-length album on June 16, 2022. The album received "Best New Music" from Pitchfork upon release.
Discography
Studio albums
Madison Tapes (2020)
Remember Your North Star (2022, Big Dada)
EPs
The Things I Can't Take with Me (2021, Big Dada)
References
Living people
American rhythm and blues musicians
Singers from New York City
Year of birth missing (living people)
Trinorfolkia cristata, known commonly as the crested triplefin or crested threefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Trinorfolkia. It was described by Rudie Kuiter in 1986. This species is endemic to the coasts of South Australia from Sceale Bay to Victor Harbor, including Kangaroo Island. It is found in rocky reefs from the intertidal zone to a depth of , among boulders, on vertical rock walls and on man-made structures such as piers and jetties.
References
crested triplefin
Fish described in 1986
Mary Kay Lobo (born 1975) is an American psychiatric neuroscientist who is a Professor of Neurobiology at the University of Maryland School of Medicine. Her research considers the molecular mechanisms that underpin drug addiction and depression. She was named a finalist in the 2011 Blavatnik Awards for Young Scientists.
Early life and education
Lobo was born and raised in Los Angeles. She studied biology and anthropology at the University of California, Los Angeles. She stayed in California for her doctoral research, where she completed genetic analysis of neuron subtypes. To achieve this, she had to develop a novel methodology for isolating the main striatal projection neuron subtypes (medium spiny neurons). These two neuron play opposite but complimentary roles in neural circuitry. She worked in the laboratory of X. William Yang in the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA. Lobo was a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center where she worked in the laboratory of Eric J. Nestler.
Research and career
In 2011 Lobo was appointed to the faculty at the University of Maryland School of Medicine. She has continued to make use of genetic analysis to understand how neuronal circuits are involved with drug addiction and depression. In such scenarios, the circuits become dysfunctional, influencing downstream brain region. By combining genetic analysis with optogenetic, Lobo has identified divergent roles in nucleus accumbens projection neurons in the brain's reward centre. She showed that the molecular regulator of mitochondrial fission is amplified in the brain reward regions of individuals dependent on cocaine, and that blocking this fission process can reduce cocaine-seeking behaviour.
Lobo investigated effective medications and molecular targets for major depressive disorders. To achieve this, she uses mouse models of depression. She showed that chronic stress decreases the number of dendrites and size of nerve cells in mice, which limits the number of connections with nearby nerve cells. She proposed that the small transforming protein RhoA, which is involved the maintenance of dendrite shape and size, and its molecular target rho-associated protein kinase (ROCK), offer hope for the restoration of brain function in people with major depressive disorders. The use of RhoA inhibitors can result in antidepressant like responses to stress.
Academic service
Lobo was made associate editor of The Journal of Neuroscience in 2014. She serves on the editorial board of ACS Chemical Neuroscience and Biological Psychiatry.
Awards and honors
2006 University of California, Los Angeles Eva Mary Kavan Prize
2011 Blavatnik Award for Young Scientist Finalist
2016 IMHRO/ Janssen Rising Star Translational Research Awardee
2016 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology Associate Member
2017 Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers
Selected publications
References
1975 births
Living people
People from Los Angeles
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
University of Maryland School of Medicine faculty
American neuroscientists
Notoacmea pileopsis, common name black edged limpet, is a species of sea snail or true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.
Subspecies
The following subspecies have been named within this species:
Notoacmea pileopsis pileopsis (Quoy & Gaimard, 1834)
Notoacmea pileopsis cellanoides (Oliver, 1926): synonym of Notoacmea cellanoides W. R. B. Oliver, 1926
Notoacmea pileopsis sturnus (Hombron & Jacquinot, 1841): synonym of Notoacmea sturnus (Hombron & Jacquinot, 1841)
Description
The length of the shell attains 14.7 mm.
Distribution
This marine species occurs off New Zealand.
References
Powell A. W. B., William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland 1979
Nakano T. & Ozawa T. (2007). Worldwide phylogeography of limpets of the order Patellogastropoda: molecular, morphological and paleontological evidence. Journal of Molluscan Studies 73(1): 79–99
Nakano T., Marshall B.A., Kennedy M., Spencer H.G. (2009). The phylogeny and taxonomy of New Zealand Notoacmea and Patelloida species (Mollusca: Patellogastropoda: Lottiidae) inferred from DNA sequences. Molluscan Research 29: 33-59.
External links
Quoy J.R.C. & Gaimard J.P. (1832-1835). Voyage de découvertes de l'"Astrolabe" exécuté par ordre du Roi, pendant les années 1826-1829, sous le commandement de M. J. Dumont d'Urville. Zoologie
Lottiidae
Gastropods of New Zealand
Gastropods described in 1834
Bettina Skrzypczak (born 25 January 1963) is a Polish/Swiss composer.
Biography
Skrzypczak was born in Poznań, Poland. She studied piano at Bydgoszcz and music at the Academy of Music in Poznan. In 1985 she graduated with a degree in music theory, and in 1988 with a degree in composition, studying with Andrzej Koszewski. From 1984-88 she studied with Witold Lutoslawski, Luigi Nono, Henri Pousseur, and Iannis Xenakis in composition courses organised in Kazimierz by the Polish section of the ISCM. In 1988 she studied electronic music with Thomas Kessler and composition with Rudolf Kelterborn in Basle, Switzerland. She also studied musicology with Jürg Stenzl and complementary studies in cultural philosophy with Hans Saner in Fribourg. In 1990 she studied computer music with Klarenz Barlow in Cologne. In 1999 she received a doctorate degree from the Academy of Music in Cracow.
In 2002 Skrzypczak took a position as a professor at the Music University Lucerne. She also served as a guest lecturer at schools and universities including the International Courses of New Music in Darmstadt in 2004, the European Chamber Music Academy, Hannover, and Hochschule für Musik und Theater, Munich.
Skrzypczak founded and served as artistic director of the Swiss "Ensemble Boswil" promoting young artists with annual workshops in Boswil followed by concert tours. Her works have been performed internationally. She is the author of radio programs and journal articles on contemporary and Polish music. She resides in Riehen/Switzerland.
Honors and awards
1989 Prize, Zagreb Music Biennale's competition for young composers
1990 Prize, Tadeusz Baird Competition, Warsaw
1992 Honorable mention, "Tribune internationale des compositeurs", Paris
1994 Prize, 10th International Competition for Women Composers, Mannheim
1996 Cultural Recognition Prize, City of Basle
2001 Composition Grant, Canton and City of Lucerne
2004 Cultural Prize of the City of Riehen
2008 Composition Grant, Canton and City of Lucerne
Works
Selected works include:
ABC (1986) for tape
Acaso (1994) for choir, clarinet, cello and percussion, Text: Stéphane Mallarmé, Jorge Luis Borges, Nikolaus Kopernikus, Rainer Maria Rilke, trad. (Maori)
Amoureske (2003) for viola d'amore
Anomalia Lunae media (2007) for soprano, baritone and instruments, Text: Leonhard Euler, Boethius, Leonardo da Vinci, Jorge Luis Borges
Arcato (2000) for Viola solo
Aria (2004) for 2 bass saxophones
Caleidoscopio (1992) for string ensemble
Cercar (2001) for prepared guitar solo
Concerto for Piano and Orchestra (1998)
Concerto for Oboe and Orchestra (1995/96)
Daphnes Lied (Daphne's Song) (2002) for piano solo
Fantasie (1997) for oboe solo
Flash (2007) for percussion solo
Illuminationen (Illuminations) (2008) for clarinet, cello and piano
In un soffio (2003) for wind quintet
Initial (2005) for orchestra
Landschaft des Augenblicks (1992) Five Songs for mezzo-soprano, viola and piano, Text: Czeslaw Milosz, Kazimiera Illakowiczówna, Leopold Staff, Maria Pawlikowska-Jasnorzewska
Lettres (2004) for soprano, clarinet and cello Text: Guillaume de Machaut
Mazurka (2000) for accordion solo
Miroirs (2000) for mezzo-soprano and ensemble, Texts: J. L. Borges, Li Tai-bo, Bernart de Ventadorn und Satchal Sarmas
Mouvement (1999) for flute solo
Nonet for Wind Instruments and Double Bass (1994)
Notturno (1992) for flute solo
Phototaxis (2003) for string orchestra
Scène (2001) for violin and cello
String Quartet nr. 2 (1991)
String Quartet nr. 3 (1993)
String Quartet nr. 4 (2003)
Toccata sospesa (1999) for flute und 2 percussionists
Trio (1990) for 3 percussionists
Variabile (1991) for orchestra
Verba (1987) for orchestra
Vier Figuren (2001) for ensemble (18 players) in 3 groups
Weissagung (Prophecy) (2003) composed improvisation for the "quartet noir"
What Is Black, What Is White (1987) for 2 percussionists
References
1963 births
Living people
20th-century classical composers
Polish music educators
Women classical composers
Polish composers
Musicians from Poznań
People from Riehen
Women music educators
20th-century women composers
Polish women composers
Brendan Ryan may refer to:
Brendan Ryan (Cork politician) (born 1946), Irish Independent (then Labour Party) Senator (1981–1993, 1997–2007)
Brendan Ryan (baseball) (born 1982), U.S. major league baseball player
Brendan Ryan (Dublin politician) (born 1953), Irish Labour Party Senator (2007–) from Dublin
Brendan Ryan (footballer) (born 1964), former Australian rules footballer
Brendan Ryan (poet) (born 1963), Australian poet
J. Brendan Ryan, vice chairman of DraftFCB Worldwide
The 2018 Individual Speedway Under 21 World Championship was the 42nd edition of the FIM Individual Under-21 World Championship and was staged over three rounds, at Daugavpils, Leszno and Pardubice. Poland's Maksym Drabik was the defending champion having won the title in 2017.
Result
The title was won by Bartosz Smektała, who beat Drabik by two points. Smektała had trailed Drabik heading into the final round, however he scored a 21-point maximum to take the title. Great Britain's Robert Lambert took bronze.
Final series
Classification
The meeting classification was according to the points scored during the meeting, with the total points scored by each rider during each meeting credited as World Championship points. The FIM Speedway Under 21 World Champion was the rider who collected most World Championship points at the end of the series. In case of a tie between one or more riders in the final overall classification, a run-off decided the 1st, 2nd and 3rd places. For all other placings, the better-placed rider in the last meeting was the better placed rider.
See also
2018 Speedway Grand Prix
2018 Team Speedway Junior World Championship
References
2018
World Individual Junior
Eduardo Delani Santos Leite (born 3 November 1981) is a retired Brazilian professional footballer.
Career
Delani was brought to Europe in early 2005 by Swedish Allsvenskan club Halmstads BK. Due to a severe knee injury the transfer was delayed until the summer, becoming the first Brazilian to play for the club ever. After the 2006 season Halmstads BK chose not to extend Delani's contract. He returned home to Brazil and he played for the club Clube de Regatas Brasil for a short time before returning to Scandinavia, this time signing for the Danish club Vejle Boldklub. On 26 July 2007 he signed a one-year contract with the club.
Eduardo Delani is the double first cousin of the professional football player Kaká, a player for Orlando City, and Kaká's brother Digão, who last played for New York Red Bulls. Their respective fathers are brothers, and their respective mothers are sisters.
Honours
Guangzhou Evergrande
China League One: 2010
References
External links
Profile at Soccerway
Vejle Boldklub profile
Living people
1981 births
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Danish Superliga players
Allsvenskan players
Halmstads BK players
Vejle Boldklub players
Viborg FF players
Guangzhou F.C. players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
China League One player
Clube de Regatas Brasil players
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube players
Marília Atlético Clube players
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in China
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Sportspeople from Brasília
Laba Township () is a township in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, Yunnan, China. As of the 2017 census it had a population of 15,000 and an area of .
Administrative division
As of 2016, the township is divided into six villages:
Talanong ()
Mangdong ()
Xiaolaba ()
Nanpan ()
Yintong ()
Nanlie ()
History
After the founding of the Communist State in 1949, Ximeng District () was set up. It was renamed "Laba District" () in 1953. During the Great Leap Forward, its name was changed to "Laba Commune" () in 1958 and then Xiangdong Commune () in 1969. It was incorporated as a township in 1988.
Geography
The township is located in southwestern Lancang Lahu Autonomous County. It borders Zhutang Township in the north, Ximeng County and Menglian County in the west, Donghui Town in the south, and Menglang Town in the east.
There are mainly three rivers in the township, namely the Nanluo River (), Nannong River () and Nanpan River ().
Economy
The township's economy is based on nearby mineral resources and agricultural resources. The region abounds with manganese, lead, zinc, and copper. The main crops of the region are grain, followed by corn and wheat. Economic crops are mainly tea and fruit.
Demographics
As of 2017, the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the township's population now to be 15,000.
Transportation
The Provincial Highway S320 winds through the township.
References
Bibliography
Townships of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
The pansexual flag is a magenta, yellow and cyan flag, designed as a symbol for the pansexual community to increase its visibility and recognition, and distinguish itself from bisexuality.
History and use
The flag has been in wide use since the early 2010s when it was posted on an anonymous Tumblr account, by its creator Jasper V. The flag functions as a symbol of the pansexual community, like the LGBT flag is used as a symbol for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender people and anyone else in the community. The pansexual pride flag is used to indicate that pansexuals have sexual attractions and relationships with people of different genders and sexualities. The theory of pansexuality aims to challenge existing prejudices, which can cause judgment, ostracism, and serious disorders within society.
Design and symbolism
The pansexual flag consists of three equally-sized colored horizontal bars, which are—from top to bottom—magenta, yellow, and cyan.
Some sources state that the cyan represents attraction to men, or represents people who are attracted to men. Magenta represents attraction to women, and yellow represents attraction to non-binary people such as those who are agender, bigender and genderfluid. Other sources state that the colours cyan, magenta, and yellow stand for those who identify as men, women and non-binary people, respectively.
See also
LGBT symbols
Other flags in the LGBTQ community:
Rainbow flag
Gay flag of South Africa
Bear flag (gay culture)
Bisexual flag
Leather pride flag
Transgender flag
References
2010 in LGBT history
Sexuality flags
Flags introduced in 2010
Tumblr
LGBT flags
Pansexuality
Resource slack, in the business and management literature, is the level of availability of a resource. Resource slack can be considered as the opposite of resource scarcity or resource constraints.
The availability of resources can therefore be defined in terms of resource slack versus constraints, as two ends of a continuum. Resource slack then refers to the relative abundance of the resource, and resource constraints refer to its limited availability. However, the effects of both resource slack and resource constraints are ambiguous, as both can have both negative and positive consequences. Both new and established firms need resources for their survival, growth and sustainable competitive advantage. On the other hand, severe resource constraints hinder the growth of firms and lower the probability of their survival. However, resource constraints have also been observed to foster creativity and force firms to deal with problems promptly. Moreover, slack resources tend to improve firms' financial performance, serve to buffer environmental shocks and allow for more discretion and flexibility in responding to competitors. However, large amounts of resources could also hinder the entrepreneurial process by impairing the firm's ability to identify new business opportunities.
These contradictory potential outcomes of resource slack/constraints on creativity and performance have been explained in terms of an inverse U-shaped relationship and context-dependent effects, as well as the underlying dynamics of resource constraints and slack. The latter dynamic perspective implies that, for example, entrepreneurs perceive resource constraints/slack as transient positions relative to their start-up's own resource demands at any given moment.
See also
Management
Management science
Resource
Resource-based view
Strategy
References
Strategic management
Tjalling "Tjallie" James (24 March 1906 – 9 February 1983) was a Dutch rower. He competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's eight where they were eliminated in round two.
References
1906 births
1983 deaths
Dutch male rowers
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Surabaya
European Rowing Championships medalists
Peter Jung may refer to:
Peter Jung, character in 10 Years (2011 film)
Peter Jung (footballer), see 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship squads
Peter Jung (politician), see List of German Christian Democratic Union politicians
Geechee is an upcoming American supernatural thriller film written and directed by DuBois Ashong. It stars Andrea Riseborough. Jamie Foxx serves as a producer on the film.
Cast
Andrea Riseborough as Wren
Amin Joseph
Ebon Moss-Bachrach
Antoinette Crowe-Legacy as Tracey
Gavin Warren as Axel
Victoria Hill
Starletta DuPois
Judith Scott
Production
In November 2019, it was announced Andrea Riseborough had joined the cast of the film, with DuBois Ahsong directing from a screenplay he wrote. In August 2020, Andrea Riseborough, Amin Joseph, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, Antoinette Crowe-Legacy, Gavin Warren, Victoria Hill, Starletta DuPois and Judith Scott joined the cast of the film, with Jamie Foxx serving as a producer.
Filming
Principal photography began in the Dominican Republic in August 2020. Production was initially set to begin in March 2020, but was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In September, production was halted indefinitely when a crew member got injured after the crew's convoy was fired upon several times by Dominican police. Apparently, the incident took place due to a case of mistaken identity. The film has yet to resume production.
References
External links
Upcoming films
American supernatural thriller films
Films shot in the Dominican Republic
"If Anybody Gets Funked Up (It's Gonna Be You)" is a 1996 single by American group George Clinton & the P-Funk All-Stars, from their album, T.A.P.O.A.F.O.M..
Charts
References
1996 singles
1996 songs
Songs written by George Clinton (funk musician)
Epic Records singles
Song recordings produced by Erick Sermon
Circaea lutetiana, known as broad-leaved enchanter's nightshade, is a plant in the evening primrose family, Onagraceae.
The genus name comes from the enchantress Circe of Greek mythology and the specific designation is derived from Lutetia, the Latin name for Paris, which was sometimes referred to as the "Witch City". Despite its name it is not especially toxic, but contains a lot of the astringent tannin.
Description
Circaea lutetiana is a perennial herbaceous plant with opposite, simple leaves, on slender, green stems. The flowers are white, borne in summer. It grows 20 cm to 60 cm, rarely up to 75 centimeters high.
The leaves are rounded or slightly notched at the base, they narrow gradually to the pointed tip and are not strongly toothed, but have sinuate edges. The leaf stalks are equally hairy all round.
The flower has 2 notched petals, 2 stamens and a 2-lobed stigma. The open flowers are well spaced along the stalk and there are no bracts at base of individual flower stalks. The fruit consists of 2 equal cells, and usually sets seed. The flower stalks become angled downwards before fruiting. The fruit is a small bur 3.5-5mm which aids the plant's dispersal via zoochory.
In winter the aerial parts die off leaving an underground rhizome.
Circaea alpina will hybridize with Circaea lutetiana producing sterile offspring that persists in vegetative colonies.
Distribution
The plant is native to Europe, Middle Asia, and Siberia. North American populations are now considered to be a separate species, Circaea canadensis. It grows in woods in deep shade and moist environments on nitrogen-containing clay.
Gardening
It is cultivated as an ornamental garden plant. It prefers a shaded position in rich, moist soil. The cultivar 'Caveat Emptor' has leaves that are heavily mottled pink.
References
lutetiana
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Medicinal plants
Charles Wish (born, Los Angeles, California, 1971) is an American painter best known for visually fusing Regionalism imagery with 9th - 19th century South Asian symbolism and motifs. (Debut show: CPop Gallery, Detroit, Michigan - 2005)
Confronting the information age challenges of extreme cultural contrariety and cross-cultural interaction, as well as America's own internal culture war, Wish draws from a diverse range of influences to deliver his style of "agrariadelic" paintings. Citing various artists of the far-east, along with American painters including: Grant Wood and Thomas Hart Benton, Wish thoughtfully combines the imagery of an esoteric philosophy with some of rural-America's the most selfsame figures and scenes.
After spending four years (1999–2003) at a Ramakrishna, Hindu monastery, as a student of South-Asian culture and personal assistant to Swami Swahananda, Wish would return to the San Fernando Valley, California. It would be here, not far from where he spent his formative years, where he would set up his first studio and launch his art career. Wish now maintains two studios, the original in Southern California and one in Elk County, PA, where he and his wife are restoring and converting a large Federal-style building into a cultural center and community creative space.
Collections
Gary Pressman
Tom Thewes
Nederlander Organization
Debi Jacobson
Greg Escalante
Lee Ving
Vedanta Society of Southern California
Topher Crowder
Dead Meadow
Robert Evans (photographer)
Influences
Regionalism
Tibetan art (Menri-Karma Gadri styles)
Shakta, Tantra & Vajrayana imagery
Kerala mural, Rajput, Pahari & Kalighat painting
Classic Animation & Illustration
Native American art
Delta Blues culture
Various Modern art
Punk Rock culture
References
Sources
The Detroit News Joy Hakanson Colby (Art Critic, jcolby@detnews.com), July 2, 2005.
St. Marys Daily Press, July 7, 2007.
Charles Wish Bio, Kristy Raine (Librarian/Archivist, Mount Mercy College, IA, kraine@mtmercy.edu) May 18, 2006.
External links
Charles Wish's official website
Adrian College, Adrian, Michigan
1971 births
Living people
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Los Angeles Pierce College people
20th-century American male artists
Sanjay Jha may refer to:
Sanjay Jha (businessman), an Indian-American businessman
Sanjay Jha (politician), a politician from Indian National Congress
The Gamekeeper is a 1980 British drama film directed by Ken Loach. It is based on a novel of the same name by Barry Hines. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival. As with Barry Hines's other scripts, most of the dialogue is in Yorkshire dialect.
The film was produced by Associated Television, which broadcast to the English Midlands. On its release, it was only shown in the ATV area and at a few film festivals. The dialogue in the film was difficult for residents in some areas of the Midlands to understand. After this very limited release, the film fell into obscurity and became one of Loach's rarest films. In September 2007, it was released on DVD for the first time in the Ken Loach Collection boxset and again became widely available. The DVD recording was remastered by the British Film Institute from a recording of the original ATV broadcast, with a director's commentary as an extra.
Plot
George Purse is a former steelworker who is employed as a gamekeeper on a large estate on the outskirts of Sheffield. (One scene in the film mentions Hoyland Nether, just north of Sheffield, which was the home of scriptwright Barry Hines) One of his duties is to apprehend those who trespass on the land or poach animals on the land, and to take them to the police. His son is bullied at school by children who he has apprehended.
He is loyal to the Duke of the estate, even though he has difficulties with arranging basic repairs to the cottage that he lives in. His wife, Mary, feels isolated in the cottage and has misgivings about the annual pheasant shoot that George takes part in. George is not sentimental about animals and refuses to allow his son to keep a pet cat. The film shows George restraining, trapping and sometimes killing animals. (There is no disclaimer in the credits to say that no animals were harmed in the film, so it is not always clear if these scenes were real or not. Ken Loach says in the audio commentary that the shooting of the fox was real.)
In one discussion in a pub, two friends argue with George that poaching is no great crime. The discussion moves on to the question of land ownership and its origins in the courting of favour from the monarch. George is resistant to this argument at first, saying that he "has a job to do". However, in a later discussion with another worker on the estate, he uses almost the same argument against the Duke's inherited wealth, suggesting that he is having some doubts about his position.
Whilst feeding the pheasants, George catches two former colleagues from the steelworks poaching on the land. One of the colleagues runs and escapes but the other, a man from Durham (played by Gary Roberts), stays behind because his dog is unable to run with him. George threatens to shoot the Durham man's dog unless the man accompanies him to the police station.
Shortly before the shoot begins, George discovers that the beaters are refusing to work unless they have a pay increase. George reacts by joking that the pay demand is not high enough. One beater asks him which side he is on, as George is evasive about his real opinion. The pay demand is conceded. Once the shoot begins, George swears at the beaters and tells them to work harder. A guest complains to the Duke about George's behaviour. The Duke later tells George not to use foul language in front of ladies but subtly gives him a tip for his work. George asks one of the others about the repair to his window-frame, which he had asked about several months ago (at the start of the film), and is rebuffed.
The film ends with George alone, as Mary has left only a pie for him to microwave.
Analysis
Scriptwright Barry Hines is quoted as saying that the film is "about class, not gamekeepers. You don't have to say anything; you just show it". Director Ken Loach said that the film was an exploration of contradictions, as George Purse had gained the freedom of being in the open air but become isolated from his family.
Jonathan Rosenbaum has said, "The contradictions in his social position that gradually emerge -– his fanatical concern for his boss's property and domain, and the relatively uncertain grasp he maintains over his own (family and home included) –- is neither forced nor strident, but lingers afterward like a slightly bitter aftertaste."
Virgile Dumez has praised the photography of Chris Menges but criticised the film as boring.
Cast
Phil Askham - George Purse
Rita May - Mary
Andrew Grubb - John
Peter Steels - Ian
Michael Hinchcliffe - Bob
Philip Firth - Frank
Lee Hickin - Jack
Jackie Shinn - Landlord
Paul Brian - Butcher
Ted Beyer - Alf
Chick Barratt - Henry
Willoughby Gray - Duke
Mark Elwes - Lord Dronfield
Tommy Edwards
Gary Roberts - Poacher
References
External links
1980 films
1980 drama films
British drama films
Films directed by Ken Loach
1980s English-language films
1980s British films
The Doo Wop Royal All Stars was formed in 1992 as one of the first "supergroups" in to the doo wop music genre, combining members from other groups. "It's a show within a show," remarked longtime WCBS FM deejay Bobby Jay. The group remains active today, with various members and led by Daniel Loria, son of founding member Art Loria.
It originally performed and recorded as "The Royal All Stars", and has also been known as "Golden Group Memories".
The original lineup included:
Art Loria
Vito Balsamo
Randy Silverman
Eugene Pitt
Lenny Welch
This original lineup recorded a live album "Live at the Taj – Royally Yours" while performing at a celebration for the chief running officer of the Trump Taj Mahal Hotel & Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey. It was to be released from Dazzle Records sometime in late 2012–2013. in 1993, Lenny Welch left the group and headed for the West Coast to pursue his ambitions in the acting field and also reconcentrate on his solo efforts. He was replaced by BJ Jones, who was a member of such groups as The Dubs, The Drifters and The Five Satins. Taking over for Jones was Jimmy Merchant: an original member of Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers. Merchant, along with Pitt, Loria, Silverman, Balsamo and Daniel Loria spent the years 1992–1998 touring and performing all over the country in major markets, major venues and the cruise line circuits. They have several recordings still not released, but were expected in 2012–1013. As "The Royal All Stars", they were a regular in the then active Pittsburgh doo wop scene (performed at the famous "PORKSTOCK" at Three Rivers Stadium in honor of legendary jock Porky Chadwick). They also performed in Las Vegas, California, and Ohio many times. This lineup performed their last show in 1998 at Windows on the World atop the World Trade Towers.
1998 saw the group split into two factions, with Silverman and Balsamo going on as "Golden Group Memories", and Pitt along with the Lorias' continued as "The Doo Wop All Stars". The year 2000 saw a new lineup of "The Doo Wop All Stars" that included Artie Loria, Eugene Pitt, Harold Gill (from the Continentals / The Drifters), Maurice Unthank (from The Teenagers/ Jive Five). This incarnation of the group saw the next 7 years of active performances and recordings. In 2003 they recorded "It's Christmas" on It Doesn't Matter Music label. It was credited to "Pitt-Knick", a name play on Eugene Pitt and the groups long lasting relationship recording many of the famous "NIC NIC NIC " bumper commercials with the TV network Nickelodeon in the beginning stages of the new network. In 2001, they recorded "We Will Never Fall" as a tribute to the heroes and victims of 9/11.
In 2007, Pitt's health issues caused the group to cut down on their touring, and eventually Pitt was replaced by Freddie Scott. After Scott died after a brief illness, The Doo Wop All Stars continued on with Artie Loria, Danny Loria and Harold Gilly.
Art Loria was killed in a home accident on October 23, 2010. Gill is currently performing with The Continentals when not with "The Doo Wop All Stars". Lenny Welch still performs as a solo artist and occasionally acts in bit parts. Danny Loria, now manages the name "Doo Wop All Stars" and is currently working on releasing years of shelved recordings. He and Gill also have plans to re-engage steady performing in 2012 with a list of engagements. Balsamo performs with various local cover bands. Sillverman has retired due to illness. The group's remaining original member Eugene Pitt died June 28, 2018, in Newberry, South Carolina.
Sources
Video quote from Bobby Jay on opening remarks on group's promotional video
Porky Chadwick – station playlist 2002
Vocal Group Hall of Fame; Sharon, Pa.; membership roster
Doo Wop 50 liner notes
Dave Raymer – doo wop historian – Notes on Doo Wop Groups and Biographies
Billboard Archive – Musical Acts – song placements
The Rolling Stone Book of "History of Rock and Roll"
Interview with group Manager Daniel Loria – Alpine Entertainment 2012
9/11 Hero's Tribute Foundation
WCBS FM 101.1 Radio (NY) Group Interview
Doo-wop groups
Supergroups (music)
Musical groups established in 1992
Ted Nash (born December 28, 1960) is an American jazz saxophonist, flutist and composer. Born into a musical family, his uncle was saxophonist Ted Nash and his father is trombonist Dick Nash, both prominent jazz soloists and first call Hollywood studio musicians. Nash is a member of the Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra directed by Wynton Marsalis. He is one of the founders of the Jazz Composers Collective.
Music career
Nash grew up in Los Angeles. His father is trombonist Dick Nash and his uncle was saxophonist Ted Nash. Both were big band veterans, jazz soloists and session musicians who worked regularly with Henry Mancini and Les Brown. The younger Nash began his career on piano when he was seven, clarinet when he was 12, and alto saxophone at 13. When he was 16, he played for one week with Lionel Hampton and the following year was playing saxophone with Quincy Jones, Louis Bellson, and Don Ellis. When he was 18, he moved to New York City and became a member of the Gerry Mulligan Big Band. During the same year, he released his debut album, Conception (Concord Jazz, 1978).
In the 1980s, he worked with vibraphonist Charlie Shoemake, who had been one of his teachers. He was a member of the Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra, for whom he played saxophone and wrote arrangements. In the 1990s, he performed and recorded as sideman with Wynton Marsalis, Joe Lovano, and Ben Allison. After Allison's invitation, he joined the Herbie Nichols Project, a band which played the music of pianist Nichols.
Nash has been a composer, arranger, producer, conductor, and writer of liner notes. As a performer, he is a multireedist who has recorded on soprano saxophone, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, clarinet, bass clarinet, flute, and piccolo.
Compositions
Portrait in Seven Shades is a seven-movement suite dedicated to seven modern painters: Claude Monet, Salvador Dalí, Henri Matisse, Pablo Picasso, Vincent van Gogh, Marc Chagall, and Jackson Pollock. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award.
Nash's album Presidential Suite: Eight Variations on Freedom (Motéma, 2016) consists of Nash's compositions interwoven with historic political speeches by Winston Churchill, Ronald Reagan, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Lyndon Johnson, John F. Kennedy, Nelson Mandela, Jawaharlal Nehru, and Aung San Suu Kyi. The speeches are read by Sam Waterston, Wynton Marsalis, Joe Lieberman, and Glenn Close. In 2017, Presidential Suite won the Grammy Award for Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album.
Discography
As leader
Conception (Concord Jazz, 1980)
Out of This World (Mapleshade 1993)
European Quartet (Elabeth, 1994)
Rhyme & Reason (Arabesque, 1999)
Sidewalk Meeting (Arabesque, 2001)
Still Evolved (Palmetto, 2003)
La Espada de la Noche (Palmetto, 2005)
In the Loop (Palmetto, 2006)
The Mancini Project (Palmetto, 2008)
The Creep (Plastic Sax, 2012)
Chakra (Plastic Sax, 2013)
Presidential Suite: Eight Variations on Freedom (Motéma, 2016)
Somewhere Else: West Side Story Songs (Plastic Sax, 2019)
As sideman
With Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra
Live in Swing City – Swingin' with Duke (Columbia, 1999)
A Love Supreme (Palmetto, 2005)
Don't Be Afraid...The Music of Charles Mingus (Palmetto, 2005)
Portrait in Seven Shades (Jazz at Lincoln Center, 2010)
Vitoria Suite (2010)
With Wynton Marsalis
1996 Jump Start and Jazz
1999 Big Train
2011 Selections from Swingin' into the 21st
With Louie Bellson
1978 Raincheck
1978 Sunshine Rock
1982 The London Gig
1992 Peaceful Thunder
1994 Black Brown & Beige
1994 Cool Cool Blue
1994 Live from New York
With Ben Allison
1996 Seven Arrows
1998 Medicine Wheel
1999 Third Eye
2001 Riding the Nuclear Tiger
2016 Quiet Revolution
With The Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra
1988 The Definitive Thad Jones: Live from the Village Vanguard, Vol. 1
1988 The Definitive Thad Jones: Live from the Village Vanguard, Vol. 2
With The Herbie Nichols Project
1997 Love Is Proximity
2001 Strange City
With Wycliffe Gordon
2000 The Search
2006 Standards Only
With Don Ellis
Music from Other Galaxies and Planets (Atlantic, 1977)
Don Ellis Live at Montreux (Atlantic, 1978)
With Jimmy Heath
Little Man Big Band (Verve, 1992)
With Freddie Hubbard
New Colors (Hip Bop Essence, 2001)
With others
1988 Solid Ground, Loren Schoenberg Jazz Orchestra
1994 And So Much More, Linda Eder
1994 Goldkette Project, Vince Giordano
1996 Celebrating Sinatra, Joe Lovano
1997 Blues for the New Millennium, Marcus Roberts
1998 Dream, Tom Postilio
1998 Goat Hill Junket, Anthony Wilson
2009 A Life in Music, Paul Weston
2013 Made in California, The Beach Boys
References
American male saxophonists
Palmetto Records artists
Living people
Arabesque Records artists
American jazz composers
1960 births
Grammy Award winners
21st-century saxophonists
21st-century American male musicians
Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra members
Motéma Music artists
American jazz flautists
Mapleshade Records artists
Three Persian religions () refers to the three religions that originated in Persia that were spread in China during the Tang period. They were recognized and protected by the Tang dynasty and prospered for a while.
Background
The "three Persian religions" include:
Zoroastrianism ( )
Christian Church of the East ( )
Manichaeism ( )
Zoroastrianism was first introduced to China in the early North and South Dynasties, while Christianity and Manichaeism were both introduced to the Central Plains during the Tang Dynasty. The second Tang emperor, Taizong Li Shimin, led an attack on the King of Gaochang, Koji Wentai, in the 13th year of the Zhenguan era (639). Thereafter, the Tang Dynasty reached its peak of prosperity until the reign of Emperor Xuanzong Kaiyuan, when an enlightened system and tolerance of religion opened the door to the spread of different cultures. The international capital of Chang'an, with a population of more than one million, was full of exoticism, with a strong Hu culture. Indian illusionists, Persian dancers, singers, musicians, harem girls, and exotic cuisine could be found in the streets, and polo was a popular activity at the court, where noble women also enjoyed horseback riding. Against this backdrop, the Tang Dynasty was naturally the best period for the spread of the three Persian religions.
However, the three Persian religions were also hit during the 9th century Tang Wuzong Huichang Persecution of Buddhism, and has gradually withdrawn from the stage of Chinese history. However, their influence is still looming in different periods. In particular, Manichaeism was transferred to the folk secrets in the later period, blending with Buddhism, Taoism, and folk beliefs. The "Xiapu Manuscript" of Fujian Province discovered in 2008 was probably written at the time of the Ming Dynasty. Nowadays, there are special masters in Xiapu County to keep these Ming-style ritual books (that is, books on mantras and religious rituals) shows that Xiapu Manichaeanism has been transformed into a new form and has been passed down as a Chinese folk belief.
Overview
Zoroastrianism
Zoroastrianism, which originated in Persia, and was the state religion of the Achaemenid Empire and the Sassanid Empire. Chen Yuan, in his book "The Introduction of Fire Zoroastrianism to China," argues that Zoroastrianism first became known in China during the Southern Liang period of the Northern Wei Dynasty, in the early 6th century A.D. The god Hu Tian, worshipped by Empress Ling of the Northern Wei Dynasty, was the god Ahura Mazda; Lin Wush believes that Zoroastrianism was introduced to China in the middle of the 5th century; and Rong Xinjiang, after examining various documents, believes that it was introduced to China in the early 4th century. Unlike other religions, which generally call their temples "temples," Zoroastrianism calls its temples "shrines". Zoroastrianism also differs from other religions in that its followers did not preach in China, nor did they translate scriptures, so only the Hu people, not the Han, followed. According to the unearthed epitaph of the Sogdian, there was a "Sabao" (also known as "Sabao") official position in the Sui and Tang Dynasties. Served for Sogdian Zoroastrians, specializing in the management of the Western Hu people living in the Central Plains and their religious activities. This teaching was especially prevalent among the Hua Sogdians. In Dunhuang during the five dynasties of the Tang Dynasty, there was a competition held by Sogdians. During the period when Wuzong Wuzong of the Tang Dynasty persecuted Buddhism, Zoroastrianism was also hit and disappeared in China after the Song Dynasty. Today's Zoroastrian art in China can mainly be unearthed from Sogdian Tombs.
Christianity
Jingjiao is the name given to the Eastern Christian Church after it was introduced to China. Since its seat was located in the Sassanid Empire of Persia, it was called the Great Qin Church and the Persian Scripture Church when it first entered the Tang Empire, and was eventually named in Chinese Jingjiao. According to the Daqin Jinghuism Popular China Tablet, in the ninth year of Emperor Taizong's reign (635), a great deity of Daqin, Alopen, came to Chang'an with a statue of the scriptures, and Emperor Taizong sent his chancellor, Fang Xuanling, to the western suburbs to welcome the guest inside. After examining the teachings, Emperor Taizong ordered the construction of a Daqin temple in Yiningfang, which was also known as the Jing religion temple, and began the translation of the scriptures with the help of Fang Xuanling and Wei Zheng. Thereafter, Jingism developed smoothly in China for 150 years, and at one time, "the Dharma flowed through ten provinces and the temples filled a hundred cities". According to the Dzogchen, the Persian monk Jingjing translated 35 Jing sutras into Chinese in the 8th century AD. It was not until Emperor Wu Zong of the Tang Dynasty initiated the persecution of Buddhism in Huichang that the Jing religion fell victim and declined rapidly. The second major expansion of the religion into China was not until after the establishment of the Yuan Dynasty, but it died out again during the Ming Dynasty. There are few artworks of the Jing religion left behind, but there are now paintings of Christ in the Zangjing cave and murals in the Jing temple in Gaochang. In addition, there are tombstones with engravings and decorations by Christians, and bronze medallions (bronze crosses and other shaped robes and decorations).
Manichaeism
Manichaeism is a Gnostic religion that originated in the territory of Sassanian Empire. It was created by the Persian Mani in the 3rd century AD and has always been regarded as a door of Christian heresy According to "The Buddhist history", In the first year of Wu Zetian's reign (694), the Persian Fudodan came to the dynasty with Manichean scriptures. The status of women in Manichaeism is very high, and Wu Zetian may have a good impression of them and treat Manichaeism preferentially. Later, the translated book "Manichaean Compendium" was banned by Emperor Xuanzong of Tang Dynasty because it borrowed a lot of Buddhist terminology and was judged to be "an evil opinion and a false claim of Buddhism that could confuse the people. After the Lushan Rebellion, Uyghur Khanate established Manichaeism as the state religion. Relying on the political strength of the Uighurs, the religion began to spread widely in the Central Plains, and a Manichaean monastery, the Great Cloud Temple of Light, was established. It was not until the persecution of Buddhism by Emperor Wuzong of the Tang Dynasty in Huichang that Manichaeism was also banned. The religion then moved to the coastal areas of southern China, such as Fujian and Zhejiang, where it was secretly spread among the people and gradually combined with other religions, and remained intact through the Five Dynasties, Song and Yuan. After the Song Dynasty, the religion was renamed Mingism, and was denounced by the rulers of the time as a "vegetable-eating devil". "The reason for this is that Manichaeism rejects meat and vegetables, but its followers do not eat only vegetables; for them, fruits and vegetables are the most desirable food. The term "serving the devil" is a derogatory term used by those who are hostile to Manichaeism, saying that it serves demons. But in fact, the practice of Manichaeism is very strict. In addition to insisting on vegetarianism, Chen Yuan also pointed out that "Manichaeism is extremely strict with itself, extremely forgiving with others, extremely disciplined with itself, extremely fair with money, and no less than a moral religion. Thus, the religion was quite popular among the people. Manichaeism also attaches great importance to the juxtaposition of scriptures and pictures In the way of missions, the leader Mani not only wrote Seven Canons, but also drew Arzhang by himself. Manichaean artwork, such as manuscript illustrations, painted streamers, wall paintings, and silk scrolls, are brightly colored, gorgeous and dazzling.
Supplement
In addition to the Persian religions, Islam also spread to China during the Tang Dynasty. According to Chinese Muslim tradition, Muhammad's uncle Sa'd ibn Abi Waqqas was sent to China to meet Tang Gaozong, located in Guangzhou Tang Dynasty The construction of Huaisheng Mosque is related to him.
See also
Zoroastrianism-related articles
Xianshenlou
Sogdian Daēnās
Christianity-related articles
Painting of a Christian figure
Murals from the Christian temple at Qocho
Nestorian Cross
Manichaeism-related articles
Manichaean art
Cao'an Manichae Temple
Further reading
References
Manichaean texts
Tang dynasty culture
Religion in China
Zoroastrianism
Chinese Manichaeism
Foreign relations of the Tang dynasty
Brenton McDonald (born 30 April 1984) is an Australian cricketer. He played in two List A match for South Australia in October 2012. He also played in one match for the Melbourne Renegades in the Big Bash League in 2021.
See also
List of South Australian representative cricketers
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Australian cricketers
Melbourne Renegades cricketers
South Australia cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
During the 2003–04 Belgian football season, Club Brugge competed in the Belgian First Division.
Season summary
Club Brugge failed to defend their title. Despite a famous win over reigning champions A.C. Milan, they also failed to progress from their Champions League group. A third-place finish in the group was enough for the club to continue their European campaign in the UEFA Cup, although they were soon knocked out in the fourth round.
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Reserve squad
Results
Champions League
Third qualifying round
Borussia Dortmund 3–3 Club Brugge on aggregate. Club Brugge won 4–2 on penalties.
Group stage
UEFA Cup
Third round
Club Brugge won 1–0 on aggregate.
Fourth round
Bordeaux won 4–1 on aggregate.
Transfers
In
Victor Simões – Germinal Beerschot
References
Club Brugge KV seasons
Club Brugge
This Is My Demo is the debut album from British rapper Sway. It was released on 5 February 2006 and produced by Sway for Dcypha Productions. It consists mainly of R&B and British hip hop. The album was critically well received and spent two weeks on the chart, with a peak of number 78. The album was produced by Sway himself along with producers Joe Fields, Terror Danjah, Turkish, Bigz, Ramiz, Tamiz, Big E.D. and Al Shux who produced almost all of the songs, including the single Little Derek.
Track listing
Track seven contains a sample of Fleetwood Mac's "The Chain"
This Is My DVD
On some versions of "This Is My Demo" a special DVD was included called "This Is My DVD". The track listing for the DVD is as follows:
"Flo Fashion"
"Up Your Speed"
"Little Derek"
"Download"
"Radio 1"
"On Tour"
"In The Studio"
"NYC"
"Live!"
"Bonus Track"
Production
Sway DaSafo, Al Shux, and Tamiz – track 1
Sway DaSafo, Al Shux, and Joe Fields – track 2
Sway DaSafo, Bigz, and Ramiz – track 3
Sway DaSafo, Al Shux, Ramiz, Joe Fields, and Baby Blue – track 4
Sway DaSafo and Joe Fields – track 5
Sway DaSafo and Ramiz – track 6
Sway DaSafo, D. Watson, L. Buckingham, M. Fleetwood, S. Nicks, C. McVie, J. McVie, and M. Meredith – track 7
Sway DaSafo, R. Cryce, R. Annor, Big E.D., and Terror Danjah – track 8
Sway DaSafo, T. Salih, D. Watson, T. Oriola, Haydon, and Turkish – track 9
Sway DaSafo, Al Shux and M. Pusey – track 10
Sway DaSafo, Al Shux and Nate James – track 11
Sway DaSafo, Al Shux, and Joe Fields – track 12
Sway DaSafo and Al Shux – track 13
Sway DaSafo and Al Shux – track 14
References
Sway (musician) albums
2006 debut albums
Albums produced by Al Shux
Robert F. McPartlin (November 2, 1926 – April 15, 1987) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member the Illinois House of Representatives for the 16th district from 1960 to 1976, when he was indicted for taking part in a $1.3 million bribery scheme over a "$48 million Chicago sewage contract" alongside billionaire heirs E. Bronson Ingram II and Frederic B. Ingram. McPartlin was sentenced to eight years in prison in 1979, and he died at the end of his sentence.
Early life
Robert F. McPartlin was born on November 2, 1926, in Austin, Chicago. His father, Frank L. McPartlin, was the Democratic committeeman of the 30th ward on the Chicago City Council.
McPartlin was educated at Campion High School. He served in the United States Marine Corps in the Pacific during World War II.
Career
McPartlin was an electrical engineer for the city of Chicago.
McPartlin served as a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 16th district from 1960 to 1976, when he was indicted for taking part in a $1.3 million bribery scheme over a "$48 million Chicago sewage contract" alongside billionaire heirs E. Bronson Ingram II and Frederic B. Ingram. He was convicted of bribery in 1977 alongside Frederic, while Bronson was acquitted. McPartlin was given an eight-year prison sentence in 1979.
Personal life
McPartlin had a wife, Geraldine, and nine children. He was a member of the Knights of Columbus.
He died in April 1987. He was buried in the Queen of Heaven Cemetery in Hillside, Illinois.
See also
Corruption in the United States
References
External links
1926 births
1987 deaths
Politicians from Chicago
Military personnel from Illinois
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
American electrical engineers
Illinois Democrats
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
American politicians convicted of bribery
Illinois politicians convicted of crimes
Crime in Chicago
Engineers from Illinois
20th-century American engineers
20th-century American politicians
Kristján Guðmundsson (born 1941, Snæfellsnes, Iceland) is a contemporary Icelandic conceptual artist.
He started his career as an artist in the 1960s as a member of SÚM - a group of young artists influenced by then-new currents in conceptual and installation art.
He lived in the Netherlands in the 1970s where he received a Dutch stipend. There he came into more direct contact with the international avant-garde. In 1977, he was one of four Icelanders invited to exhibit in the new-opened Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris, France. He moved back to Iceland in 1979.
Kristján's art reflects both prevailing traditions in late 20th century western art in general, and the dominance of abstract and conceptual art in the post-war art of Iceland in particular. He has said, "I am trying to work within the field of tension that exists between nothing and something".
In 1982 he represented Iceland at the Venice Biennale. 1993 he was one of three winners of the Prince Eugen Medal conferred by the King of Sweden. In 2010 he was the first Icelandic winner who got the Swedish Carnegie Art Award, worth SEK 1,000,000. He got it with his sound-absorbing pieces.
See also
Conceptual art
References
External links
representing gallery
Exhibitions
Artist
Living people
Kristjan Gudmundsson
Kristjan Gudmundsson
Kristjan Gudmundsson
Conceptual artists
Installation artists
Icelandic contemporary artists
Recipients of the Prince Eugen Medal
1941 births
The Proteus Operation is a science fiction alternate history novel written by James P. Hogan. The plot focuses on an Anglo-American team of soldiers and civilians sent back in time from the Nazi-dominated world of 1975
to prevent an Axis victory in World War II that was engineered by more advanced time travelers from the 21st century.
Historical figures in the book include Isaac Asimov, Wilhelm Canaris, Winston Churchill, Duff Cooper, Anthony Eden, Albert Einstein, Enrico Fermi, Reinhard Heydrich, Adolf Hitler, Heinrich Himmler, John F. Kennedy, Frederick Lindemann, George Pegram, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Leo Szilard, and Edward Teller. Of these, only Asimov and Teller were still alive when the novel was published in 1985.
Plot
Originally, the First World War was a complete wake-up call for the human race, leading to greater internationalism and a "Never Again" spirit towards war that would eventually wear away the differences between the various power-blocs. By the 2020s, a global League of Nations oversees a planet totally at peace. The fledgling Nazi Party, in this 'original' timeline, simply faded out after the 1923 Beer Hall Putsch.
Many in the modern aristocracy, corporate dynasties, and others feel they have lost out because of the social transformations enabled by decades of peace and co-operation. This group come up with a plan to build a functional "time machine" and change history for their benefit. Their scheme is to go back as far as they can (roughly a century, to the very early 1920s) and mentor the fledgling Nazi Party. They regard the Nazis as the perfect tool for destroying the Soviet Union and establishing an elitist tyranny with which they can live the lives of luxury and entitlement they believe have been stolen from them. This 'Uptime' initiative sends 21st century advisors, armament, and nuclear weapons to support Adolf Hitler.
The Hitler that they seek to advise soon develops other plans. Learning about the original history from his time traveling advisors, Hitler uses these lessons to ensure that Western Europe falls swiftly, followed by dropping a few of the Uptime nuclear weapons to wipe out the Soviet Union. He then destroys his end of the "time conduit" and declares independence from his former sponsors. By the 1970s, Nazi Germany and the Empire of Japan have conquered everything other than North America, Australasia, and parts of South America. Africa has suffered an enormous genocide every bit as complete as the one inflicted upon the Jews, and the Axis powers stand poised in 1975 to start a final war that the United States is bound to lose, given the military power of Nazi Germany.
An organization in this altered 1975 discovers the secret behind the Nazi successes of the previous decades. The group decides that it will build its own time machine to go back and stop the present nightmare of Nazi world domination. This 1975 time machine is not as advanced or powerful as the original 2020s machine, so they can only open a gate to 1939. The plan is to establish a military alliance between the 1975 America of President John F. Kennedy and the 1939 America of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. The team starts noticing that events they had no hand in are different (such as the Joe Louis versus John Henry fight and the death of Pope Pius XI) and with Einstein's help realize that all possible outcomes already exist and all time travel does is take you to one of these other branches.
Realizing why things have gone wrong, it is up to the 1975 Uptime agents, cut off in 1939, to keep the western Allies, including the United Kingdom and the United States in the fight, while working to close off Hitler's gateway to the alternate 2020s before he gets his atomic bomb and missile advantage.
In the end, they succeed, and this second "alternate timeline" they create turns out to be our own world. They also realize that the United States of their own time knew they couldn't really change their present and was in reality planning to escape to the reality they would create just as the people backing Hitler had planned to do. To prevent their United States or Nazi Germany from invading our world they have the gate destroyed.
See also
Axis victory in World War II (an extensive list of other Wikipedia articles regarding works of Nazi Germany/Axis/World War II alternate history)
References
External links
The Proteus Operation at the author's official website
1985 British novels
1985 science fiction novels
British science fiction novels
Novels about time travel
Alternate Nazi Germany novels
Bantam Spectra books
Kinamutay (, lit. "effeminate hand fighting"; ; Baybayin: ᜊᜒᜈᜋᜓᜆᜌ᜔), commonly but incorrectly orientalized kino mutai, is a specialized subsection of some martial arts that emphasizes biting, pinching, eye-gouging, and other forms of "dirty" fighting techniques. Kinamutay involves extensive use of grappling and manipulation of nerve and pressure points, so as to allow the kinamutay practitioner to inflict pain and control the opponent while applying the techniques. Although in Cebu it is culturally associated with women's catfighting, the techniques used are effective against opponents of all sizes.
The root word of the term is Cebuano kinamut, "using the hands" (such as in eating food), from kamut, "hand" (and compare related Tagalog kamot, "to scratch"), with the feminizing suffix -ay. Formalization of kinamutay as a martial art is a Western tradition not founded in Filipino martial arts or culture, where the term has little difference in meaning from "catfight". It was popularized in the magazine Black Belt in the late 1980s, especially by martial artist Paul Vunak; it is also associated with Jeet Kune Do.
One key principle is uninterrupted biting: This means that the kinamutay practitioner places himself in such a position that he can continue to hold a bite as long as he wants, disabling his opponent from escaping his bite. The biting aspect of kinamutay concerns itself with what targets to bite, how much to bite at a time, and the angle and movement of the bite. Favored targets include sensitive and easily accessible areas such as the face, neck, ear, groin, nipple, and latissimus dorsi muscle. These targets are also chosen over others because of the difficulty countering a kinamutay practitioner biting them, ensuring an uninterrupted bite can take place. It can be used to inflict pain and can be used to cut arteries which can cause severe bleeding.
References
See also
Maharlika
Timawa
Juramentado
Filipino Martial Arts
Eskrima
Suntukan
Dumog
Sikaran
Kuntaw
Philippine martial arts
Sports in Cebu
The Kemper County School District is a public school district based in De Kalb, Mississippi, United States. The district's boundaries parallel that of Kemper County.
Schools
Kemper County High School (De Kalb; Grades 7-12)
East Kemper Elementary School (Scooba; Grades PK-6)
West Kemper Elementary School (De Kalb; Grades PK-6)
Demographics
2006-07 school year
There were a total of 1,321 students enrolled in the Kemper County School District during the 2006–2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 98.03% African American, 1.59% White, 0.23% Hispanic, and 0.15% Native American. 81.5% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.
Previous school years
Accountability statistics
See also
List of school districts in Mississippi
References
External links
Education in Kemper County, Mississippi
School districts in Mississippi
NYLO Hotels LLC was an American boutique hotel chain. The company was founded in 2004 and was headquartered just outside Dallas in Carrollton, Texas. NYLO Hotels included five urban boutique hotel locations throughout the United States. Each hotel was unique in its design and featured food from local businesses, event venues, along with various room sizes that were fashioned to resemble New York loft style apartments.
Company history
NYLO Hotels was founded in 2004 by a team of hotel executives led by Stephane Dupoux and Michael Mueller. Co-founder Michael Mueller served as CEO since 2011. Previously, Mueller was an executive with Starwood Capital Group and Starwood. Mueller oversaw the acquisition of Westin Hotels and Sheraton Hotels and Resorts and also helped engineer the W Hotels brand while he was with Starwood from 1994 until 2004 when he co-founded NYLO Hotels. Co-founder Stephane Dupoux, founder and CEO of Dupoux Design, led the creative team responsible for the identity, branding, architectural and interior design.
NYLO stood for New York lofts in which the company modeled its hotels after. When the company first began operating after its founding, it was headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. At the end of 2007, NYLO opened its pioneering hotel in Plano, Texas, later followed by two more hotels in the Dallas/Ft. Worth area. NYLO also has hotels in Rhode Island and New York City. The company remained based out of Atlanta until 2011 when it relocated to the Dallas area.
Features
The NYLO Hotel brand featured urban styled guestrooms which combined old buildings with modern design. The brand name, NYLO referred to the loft style apartments found throughout New York, but the company is focused on introducing designer hotels to secondary and tertiary markets. The company aimed its attention to providing designer style to mid-scale priced hotels that were business-travel-friendly.
NYLO Hotels was also focused on eco-friendly and energy-efficient operations. In 2012, the NYLO Dallas South Side location became one of 69 hotels in the United States to achieve LEED Gold certification. Other NYLO locations utilize eco-friendly initiatives such as wind power, recycled building materials, and energy-efficient light bulbs.
Hotels
NYLO Plano at Legacy, located in Plano, Texas, was the first NYLO Hotel location and the first loft lifestyle hotel to open in the United States. The hotel has 176 guest lofts with approximately half of the hotel's energy needs comes from wind power.
NYLO Providence/Warwick, located just outside Providence, Rhode Island, was originally opened in 2008, but closed for over 12 months of renovations following the historic flood of 2010. The hotel reopened in 2011 and features 163 rooms and overlooks the Pawtuxet River.
NYLO Las Colinas/Irving, located in Irving, Texas, was the third NYLO Hotel with 200 guest lofts. The hotel also features a 7,500 square-foot courtyard with two heated pools and is a 100 percent energy renewable certificate recipient.
NYLO Dallas South Side located in Dallas, Texas, was the smallest location with 76 rooms. The five-story building included a rooftop bar and pool called SODA Bar which was an acronym for South Dallas.
NYLO New York City opened in 2013 and was the largest NYLO Hotel with 291 rooms. The NYC location also featured a piano lounge, library, sidewalk cafe, and main bar.
After NYLO
The Dallas hotel became Canvas Hotel Dallas as of January 2019.
The NYLO locations in Plano, Irving, and Providence-Warwick were renamed as part of Hilton's Tapestry Collection brand, by January 2019.
The New York NYLO, by January 2019, has become Arthouse Hotel New York City.
The NYLO Hotels website redirects to the former Plano hotel's Tapestry Collection website, as of January 2019.
References
Hotel chains in the United States
Companies based in Carrollton, Texas
Hospitality companies of the United States
Peter Østergaard Sørensen (born 24 March 1973) is a Danish football manager and former player. He was most recently the manager of Vejle Boldklub.
External links
Profil på FC Fredericia Profile
DBU Profile
1973 births
Living people
People from Silkeborg
Association football midfielders
Danish footballers
Denmark international footballers
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Denmark youth international footballers
Silkeborg IF players
FC Groningen players
Malmö FF players
Hamarkameratene players
Allsvenskan players
Danish Superliga players
Eredivisie players
Eliteserien players
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Danish football managers
FC Fredericia managers
Aarhus Gymnastikforening managers
Silkeborg IF managers
Hobro IK managers
Vejle Boldklub managers
Danish 1st Division managers
Danish Superliga managers
Sportspeople from the Central Denmark Region
Saud bin Abdullah bin Salem Abdulhamid (; born 18 July 1999) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays as a full-back for Pro League side Al-Hilal. He competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Club
Al-Hilal
Saudi Professional League: 2021–22
International
Saudi Arabia U20
AFC U-19 Championship: 2018
Saudi Arabia U23
AFC U-23 Asian Cup: 2022
Individual
Saudi Professional League Young Player of the Month: October 2020, December 2020
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Jeddah
Saudi Arabian footballers
Saudi Arabia youth international footballers
Saudi Arabia international footballers
Association football fullbacks
Saudi Professional League players
Ittihad FC players
Al Hilal SFC players
Olympic footballers of Saudi Arabia
Footballers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Beyalan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
This is a list of television programs that have been broadcast by American television network Cooking Channel.
B
C
D
E
F
J
K
M
N
P
R
S
T
U
Y
References
Cooking Channel
Heinrich Füllgrabe (26 July 1916 – 30 January 1945) was a Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. After joining the Luftwaffe in the late 1930s, after his training as a fighter pilot, Füllgrabe was appointed to serve as the Unteroffizier 9./JG 52 in spring 1941. Füllgrabe became a member of one of the most efficient units of the Luftwaffe, Karaya Quartet, where he flew alongside Hermann Graf (212 kills), Alfred Grislawski (133) and Ernst Süß (68). Füllgrabe was killed on 30 January 1945 by Soviet anti-aircraft fire near Brieg in Silesia. During his career he was credited with 67 aerial victories, all of them on the Eastern Front, including five Il-2 Sturmoviks.
Early life and career
Füllgrabe was born on 26 July 1916 in Witzenhausen in Hesse-Nassau, a province of the Kingdom of Prussia within the German Empire. Füllgrabe joined the military service of the Luftwaffe, initially serving as a mechanic with I. Gruppe (1st group) of Jagdgeschwader 234 (JG 234–234th Fighter Wing), which later became the I. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 26 "Schlageter" (JG 26–26th Fighter Wing). He was trained as a fighter pilot at the Jagdfliegerschule, the fighter pilot school at Stolp-Reitz. In June 1940, Füllgrabe was posted to 2. Staffel (2nd squadron) of Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Merseburg, a supplementary training unit based at Merseburg. In Merseburg, he befriended Hermann Graf and Alfred Grislawski, with whom he would later spend much of his combat career. In early 1941, he was posted to 9. Staffel of Jagdgeschwader 52 (JG 52—52nd Fighter Wing), a squadron of III. Gruppe.
World War II
World War II in Europe had begun on Friday 1 September 1939 when German forces invaded Poland. At the time of Füllgrabel's posting to 9. Staffel, the Gruppe was commanded by Major Gotthard Handrick. The rise of General Ion Antonescu in Romania in 1940 led to a reorganization of his country's armed forces. In this, he was supported by a military mission from Germany, the Luftwaffenmission Rumänien (Luftwaffe Mission Romania) under the command of Generalleutnant (equivalent to major general) Wilhelm Speidel. III. Gruppe of JG 52 was transferred to Bucharest in mid-October and temporarily renamed I. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 28 (JG 28—28th Fighter Wing) until 4 January 1941. Its primary task was to train Romanian Air Force personnel. Here, the trio of Füllgrabe, Graf and Grislawski were joined by Ernst Süß, and later by Leopold Steinbatz and Edmund Roßmann.
War against the Soviet Union
Following its brief deployment in the Balkan Campaign, III. Gruppe was back in Bucharest by mid-June. There, the unit was again subordinated to the Luftwaffenmission Rumänien and reequipped with the new, more powerful Bf 109F-4 model. On 21 June, the Gruppe was ordered to Mizil in preparation of Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union. Its primary objective was to provide fighter protection for the oil fields and refineries at Ploiești. Prior to the invasion, Handrick was replaced by Major Albert Blumensaat as commander of III. Gruppe. Blumensaat was then replaced by Hauptmann Hubertus von Bonin on 1 October. At the time, von Bonin was still in convalescence so that Hauptmann Franz Höring, the commander of 9. Staffel, was also made the acting Gruppenkommandeur (group commander).
On 22 July 1942, the Geschwaderkommodore (wing commander) of JG 52, Major Herbert Ihlefeld, was severely injured in a flight accident and had to surrender command during his convalescence. In consequence, Major Gordon Gollob, the commander of Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77—77th Fighter Wing), temporarily took over command of JG 52 as acting Geschwaderkommodore. On 17 August, Gollob was ordered dispatch one Schwarm, a flight of four aircraft, of every III. Gruppe squadron to the Don-bend. The pilots selected for this mission included Füllgrabe, Graf and Süß.
Defense of the Reich
In response to political humiliation caused by de Havilland Mosquito bombing raids into Germany, Reichsmarschall Hermann Göring, the commander-in-chief of the Luftwaffe, ordered the formation of two specialized high-altitude Luftwaffe units. These units were Jagdgeschwader 25, commanded by Major Herbert Ihlefeld, and Jagdgeschwader 50, commanded by his friend Graf. Graf was permitted to choose his personnel and had his friends Füllgrabe, Grislawski and Süß transferred from III. Gruppe of JG 52.
In December 1943, he was posted to Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Ost (Supplemantary Fighter Group East) as fighter pilot instructor.
On 10 January 1944, the United States Army Air Forces targeted the Luther-Werke, at the time a factory of the Messerschmitt Bf 110, Messerschmitt Me 210 and Messerschmitt Me 410, in Braunschweig, and the aircraft repair works in Waggum, a district of Braunschweig. The 3rd Bombardment Division sent 169 bombers, escorted by 466 fighter aircraft. Defending against this attack, Füllgrabe shot down one of the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress bombers.
In late 1944, Füllgrabe was transferred to the Geschwaderstab of JG 52. The request was made by Graf who had been appointed Geschwaderkommodore (wing commander) of JG 52 in September 1944. Füllgrabe was killed in action on 30 January 1945. Flying Messerschmitt Bf 109 G-14 (Werknummer 511012—factory number), he was shot down by soviet anti-aircraft artillery northwest of Brieg, present-day Brzeg in southwestern Poland.
Summary of career
Aerial victory claims
According to Spick, Füllgrabe was credited with 65 aerial victories claimed in an unknown number combat missions, all of which claimed on the Eastern Front. The author Obermaier lists him with 67 aerial victories, all of which claimed on the Eastern Front. Matthews and Foreman, authors of Luftwaffe Aces — Biographies and Victory Claims, researched the German Federal Archives and found records for 63 aerial victory claims, all but one heavy bomber on the Eastern Front.
Victory claims were logged to a map-reference (PQ = Planquadrat), for example "PQ 95514". The Luftwaffe grid map () covered all of Europe, western Russia and North Africa and was composed of rectangles measuring 15 minutes of latitude by 30 minutes of longitude, an area of about . These sectors were then subdivided into 36 smaller units to give a location area 3 × 4 km in size.
Awards
Aviator badge
Front Flying Clasp of the Luftwaffe
Iron Cross (1939) 2nd and 1st Class
Honor Goblet of the Luftwaffe on 30 March 1942 as Feldwebel and pilot
German Cross in Gold on 11 May 1942 as Feldwebel in the III./Jagdgeschwader 52
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 2 October 1942 as Oberfeldwebel and pilot in the 9./Jagdgeschwader 52
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
1916 births
1945 deaths
People from Witzenhausen
Luftwaffe pilots
German World War II flying aces
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
German military personnel killed in World War II
Aviators killed by being shot down
Military personnel from Hesse
Lawrence Rondon was a Trinidad and Tobago professional footballer.
As a player, he was involved in Trinidad and Tobago's unsuccessful qualifying campaigns for the 1970 and 1974 FIFA World Cups, the 1969 CONCACAF Championship and the 1975 Pan American Games football tournament.
He died on 29 June 2018.
References
1949 births
2018 deaths
Trinidad and Tobago international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Trinidad and Tobago footballers
Footballers at the 1975 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Trinidad and Tobago
The Roger Kellaway Trio is an album by jazz pianist Roger Kellaway recorded for the Prestige label in 1965.
Reception
The AllMusic site awarded the album 4 stars stating "the 26-year-old shows off impressive technique, a swinging style, and the willingness to experiment... A frequently intriguing early set by the talented pianist".
Track listing
All compositions by Roger Kellaway except as indicated
"Organ Morgan" (Patte Hale) – 2:41
"One-Night Stand" – 3:08
"I'll Follow the Sun" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) – 6:00
"Brats" – 5:40
"Can't You See It" (Lee Adams, Charles Strouse) – 2:36
"Sweet and Lovely" (Gus Arnheim, Jules LeMare, Harry Tobias) – 3:33
"Sigma: O.N." – 4:08
"Ballad of the Sad Young Men" (Fran Landesman, Tommy Wolf) – 4:33
"No More" (Adams, Strouse) – 2:51
"The Fall of Love" (Dimitri Tiomkin, Ned Washington) – 5:20
Personnel
Roger Kellaway – piano
Russell George – bass
Dave Bailey – drums
Production
Lew Futterman – producer
References
Roger Kellaway albums
1965 albums
Prestige Records albums
Ross Cunningham (born 23 May 1998) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Clyde as a forward.
Early life
Cunningham was born in Livingston, West Lothian, Scotland.
Club career
Having been with the club as a youth player for several years, Cunningham made his senior debut for Hamilton Academical on 14 May 2016. He signed a new two-year contract with Accies later that month.
Cunningham was loaned to Scottish League One club Forfar Athletic in September 2018. He scored a goal on his debut appearance for Forfar, in a 3–1 defeat to Arbroath on 15 September. He returned to Hamilton in January 2019, then suffered an ankle injury which ruled him out for the rest of the season. In June 2019 he signed a contract extension with Hamilton, until summer 2020.
He scored his first goals for the club in the early-season group stage of the 2019–20 Scottish League Cup, then registered his first in the Scottish Premiership with a late penalty to secure a 2–1 win over Livingston.
On 5 February 2020, Cunningham moved on loan to Clyde for the remainder of the season.
Cunningham left Hamilton in August 2020, after 11 years with the club. In September 2020 he returned to Clyde on a permanent contract.
International career
Cunningham was selected for Scotland training squads at under-14 level in 2012, and made three appearances at under-15 level in 2013.
Career statistics
References
1998 births
Living people
Scottish footballers
Hamilton Academical F.C. players
Forfar Athletic F.C. players
Clyde F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Association football forwards
Scotland youth international footballers
Hans-Martin Sass (born 4 December 1935), is a bioethicist.
He is a Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at Ruhr University, Bochum, Germany, and a Senior Research Scholar Emeritus at the Kennedy Institute of Ethics at Georgetown University, Washington DC.
Life
He holds academic positions at People's University of China and Peking Union Medical College in Beijing, China, and at the Bochum Center for Medical Ethics, which he helped found in 1985, in Bochum, Germany. He is editor of the Ethik in der Praxis / Practical Ethics series at Lit Verlag (Münster, Germany) and the Medizinethische Materialien, Bochum. He is the author of over 250 articles and books. He was a member of the International Bioethics Committee of UNESCO and is a member of many international and national advisory bodies and to philosophical and bioethical journals.
An expert in European continental philosophy, he has published widely on Hegel, Marx, 19th- and 20th-century German philosophy, and liberal political theory. During his research, teaching, and consulting in cultural risk assessment, research ethics, clinical ethics, and public-health ethics, Dr. Sass developed cross-cultural perspectives in the major fields of bioethics (based on concepts of personal and professional responsibility), regulated markets, mutual trust, and partnership ethics.
Dr. Sass is a Rechtsritter ("Knight of Justice") of the Johanniterorden, the Order of Saint John (Bailiwick of Brandenburg).
Focus and interest
His main focus in bioethics is on the transition from paternalistic models of patient care towards partnership models between providers and customers of health care. He has developed a widely used and translated ‘Interactive Post-Hippocratic Action Guide' and other models for communication-in-trust and cooperation-in-trust interactions of individual, institutional and corporate persons in risk assessment, research and business ethics. His proposed virtues and principles for cross-cultural health care ethics include for the patient the balance between quality of life and length of life, individual self-determination and compliance with expert advice, for the expert the balance between professional responsibility and respect for clients'/patients' autonomy, do-no-harm and do-good; trust, truthfulness and a prudent mix of solidarity and subsidiarity are important for all parties involved in the care for health, quality and happiness of life. He proposes that most ethical issues should be decided by risk-competent and health-literate citizens rather than bureaucracies and legislation, but that governments and institutions have the responsibility to introduce and to support health information and health competence as an essential part of educating risk-competent citizens for the 21st century.
As to health care reform and health education he defines in criticizing the WHO approach: Health is not just a status; rather the balanced result of health-literate and risk-competent care of one's own physical, emotional, and social well-being and well-feeling, achieved in competent understanding, modification and enhancement of individual genetic, social and environmental properties, with the support of health care professionals and through equal access health care services, including information, predictive and preventive medicine. He also is concerned that modern principles of bioethics do not put enough emphasis on professionalism and compassion in expert services and on developing and supporting better communication-in-trust and cooperation-in-trust models of provider-customer interactions. His most recent work include studies in cross-cultural bioethics and fundamentally common issues in different cultures of bioethics.
Written works
Health and Happiness of Political Bodies (2020 Lit) *Cultures in Bioethics (2016, Lit: Zuerich) *Bioethics and Biopolitics. Beijing Lectures by a European Scholar (2007, Chin/Engl, Xian:press.fmmu.sn.cn) *Differentialethik (2006, Lit: Muenster, includes Bibliography pp. 247–274)
"Emergency Management in Public Health Ethics". Eubios J Asian Intern Bioethics 2005;15(5)161-166
"Ethical Dilemma in Stem Cell Research". Formosan J Medical Humanities 2005; 6(3&4)
"E-Health: Health Promotion and Wellness Communities". Eubios J Asian Intern Bioethics 2004;14:170-174
"Asian and Western Bioethics – Converging, Conflicting, Competing". Eubios. J Asian Intern Bioethics 2004; 14:13-22. *"Formulating Global Post-Hippocratic Health Care Virtues". Europe Phil's of Medicine & Health Care 2(1):6-10; also J Intern Bioethique 1995;6(1):5-7; Kos 1995; 118:46-51
"Bochum Working Paper on the Practice of Medical Ethics" (with Herbert Viefhues, transl by Stuart Spicker), Bochum: Zentrum fuer Medizinische Ethik'', January 1988
Sources
1935 births
Bioethicists
Book editors
Georgetown University faculty
German non-fiction writers
German political philosophers
German philosophers
Living people
Members of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts
Philosophy academics
Philosophy teachers
German male non-fiction writers
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Radnage is a village and civil parish in the Buckinghamshire district of Buckinghamshire, England. It is in the Chiltern Hills about two miles north east of Stokenchurch and six miles WNW of High Wycombe.
The parish is set in folds of the Chiltern Hills to the south of Bledlow Ridge next to the border with Oxfordshire. Although not a large parish, the residential areas known as the City, Bennett End and Town End, are separate hamlets.
Radnage (also spelled Radeneach, Rodenache etc. in old documents) meant ‘red oak' in Old English.
History
Settlement in the area dates back to Roman times as demonstrated by the excavation of a Romano-British glass ribbed bowl from the village, now in the British Museum. Radnage is not mentioned in Domesday Book and it appears from a 13th-century document to have been royal demesne attached to the manor of Brill. Later, it was divided into two parts. The smaller part was granted by King Henry I to the newly established Fontevrault Abbey in France and attached to property at Leighton in Bedfordshire, which was also given to Fontevrault.
The larger part, known as Radnage Manor, was for a time retained by the crown and then in 1215 was granted by King John to the Knights Templar. When this order was suppressed in the early 14th century, their lands passed to the Knights Hospitaller. On the Dissolution of the Monasteries by King Henry VIII the manor was again acquired by the crown. King Charles I mortgaged it with other crown lands to the City of London in order to raise money. Later, King Charles II was said to have given it to one of his mistresses. But by the 19th century both parts of the manor again belonged to the crown and so remained until the abolition of manorial rights in 1925.
Dedicated on 1 May 1920, Radnage War Memorial sits in a walled garden at Mudds Bank.
Amenities
Radnage has two public houses: The Crown and the Mash Inn (previously known as the Three Horseshoes).
There is also a village hall, which is used as the meeting place for the parish council and W.I. In addition to this, the hall also has a playing field and separate children's playground.
The village also has two campsites: Bella Vista and Home Farm.
Outdoor activities
Radnage is situated in the heart of the Chiltern Hills and is served by multiple footpaths and bridleways. As such, it's popular with cyclists, walkers, runners and horse riders. The village holds an annual 5k and 10k trail run race to raise money for the local school.
Notable trails and locations
Yoesden Nature Reserve, a chalk grassland bank with rare butterflies and wildflowers.
Bottom Wood, a 35 acre ancient woodland and nature reserve
Chiltern Way, 134 mile (215 km) walking loop through the Chilterns passes through the village
Chilterns Cycle Way, 170 mile (273.5 km) circular route of the Chilterns AONB passes through the village
Church of St Mary the Virgin
St Mary the Virgin is the local parish church, situated towards the northeastern edge of the parish. The church is part of the West Wycombe benefice, the building is Grade 1 listed.
History and construction
The church was built in the late 12th Century, early 13th Century in much the same form as it appears today, though larger windows were inserted in the 14th century and the nave appears to have been lengthened and heightened in the 15th century, when the present roof was built. There is a central tower, which is unusual in being narrower than either the chancel or the nave.
There are three original lancet windows of the early 13th century in the east wall of the chancel. The other windows in the church are 14th century. The south doorway is original of the early 13th century. A similar north doorway has been blocked up. The south porch and outer door are original of the 13th century, but with a 15th-century roof and 15th-century windows in the side walls.
The fine 15th-century nave roof has embattled tie-beams supported by arched brackets with tracery in the spandrels and also in the triangular spaces above the beams. The lower-pitched chancel roof is probably 16th century.
Inside the church there is an archway through the tower with 13th-century arches in pointed style at either end. The chancel has a 13th-century piscina (damaged) in the south wall. The nave has traces of early wall painting and also post-Reformation texts (16th-to-18th-century). The font is probably 17th-century.
References
Books mentioned in the notes
VHCB = Victoria History of the County of Buckingham, ed: William Page, Volume 3 (1925)
Pevsner, Nikolaus & Elizabeth Williamson: Buckinghamshire (The Buildings of England - Penguin Books. 2nd edition. 1994)
RCHMB = Royal Commission on Historical Monuments (England): An Inventory of the Historical Monuments in Buckinghamshire, Volume 1 South (1912)
Notes
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
The Fall of Melnibone is an EP released by Spanish power metal band Dark Moor in 2001 through Arise Records. This limited edition EP contains bonus tracks that were previously released only in Japan and Korea.
Track listing
"The Fall of Melnibone" - 10:31
"Silver Lake" - 5:18
"Wood's Song" - 3:09
"Halloween" (Helloween cover) - 13:24
"Cuentos de Ayer y de Hoy" (Ñu cover) - 3:41
Credits
Elisa Martin - Vocals
Enrik Garcia - Guitar
Albert Maroto - Guitar
Anan Kaddouri - Bass
Roberto Peña De Camus - Keyboards
Jorge Saez - Drums
References
2001 EPs
Dark Moor albums
Stephen J. Rapp (born January 26, 1949) is an American lawyer and the former United States Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues in the Office of Global Criminal Justice.
Career
Rapp has been a lawyer in private practice, a Democratic member of the Iowa House of Representatives, and a Staff Director and Counsel for the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee. Rapp ran for the U.S. House of Representatives for Iowa's 3rd congressional district twice, losing to Charles Grassley. From 1993 to 2001, Rapp was the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Iowa. In 2001, he joined the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, where he led the prosecution in the "Media Trial" against the leaders of the RTLM radio station and Kangura newspaper for inciting the Rwandan genocide of 1994. He became the Chief of Prosecutions of the ICTR in 2005, and continued to assist Chief Prosecutor Hassan Jallow in prosecuting those involved in the 1994 genocide. In 2007, Rapp succeeded Desmond de Silva to become the third Chief Prosecutor of the Special Court for Sierra Leone, where he directed the prosecution of former Liberian President Charles Taylor and others alleged to have violated international criminal law during the Sierra Leone Civil War.
Rapp was appointed Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues by President Barack Obama, and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 8, 2009. Rapp leads the State Department's Office of Global Criminal Justice. In that position, he advises the Secretary of State and the Under Secretary for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights and works to formulate U.S. policy on prevention and accountability for mass atrocities. He stepped down from the post on August 7, 2015.
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright created the position of Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues in 1997 in order to bring focus in American foreign policy to the twin imperatives of enabling the prevention of, and ensuring accountability for, atrocities around the world. In 1997, President William J. Clinton appointed David Scheffer to serve as the first advisor to the Secretary of State on U.S. policy responses to atrocity crimes. In 2001, President George W. Bush appointed Pierre-Richard Prosper to serve as Ambassador-at-Large to Secretary of State Colin Powell, and, in 2005, he appointed John Clint Williamson to succeed Prosper as Ambassador-at-Large to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
In February 2011, Rapp gave a lecture entitled "Achieving Justice for Victims of Genocide, War Crimes and Crimes Against Humanity" at the University of San Diego's Joan B. Kroc Institute for Peace & Justice Distinguished Lecture Series.
The office coordinates U.S. government support for ad hoc and international courts trying persons accused of genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity committed (among other places) in the former Yugoslavia, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, and Cambodia, and helps bolster the capacity of domestic judicial systems to try atrocity crimes. It also works closely with other governments, international institutions, and non-governmental organizations to establish and assist international and domestic commissions, courts, and tribunals to investigate, judge, and deter atrocity crimes in every region of the globe. The Ambassador-at-Large coordinates the deployment of a range of diplomatic, legal, economic, military, and intelligence tools to help expose the truth, judge those responsible, protect and assist victims, enable reconciliation, and build the rule of law.
In an interview with the CBS newsmagazine 60 minutes about ongoing war crimes investigations on Syria, Rapp stated that there was more incriminating evidence against Syrian president Bashar al-Assad "than we had against the Nazis at Nuremberg" due to the existence of official documents and photographs that were smuggled out of the country.
Currently, Rapp is a Senior Visiting Fellow of Practice at the Blavatnik School of Government, Distinguished Fellow at The Hague Institute for Global Justice, a think tank in The Hague, Netherlands, and a Global Prevention Fellow at the Simon-Skjodt Center for the Prevention of Genocide.
Education
Rapp received his B.A degree with honors from Harvard University in government and international relations. He attended Columbia Law School and received his J.D. degree with honors from Drake University.
See also
United States Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues
References
2.https://www.npr.org/2017/04/05/522690548/chemical-attack-and-bombs-kill-at-least-58-in-syria
External links
Biography from Iowa State University
State Department Biography
Lecture transcript and video of Rapp's speech at the Joan B. Kroc Institute for Peace & Justice at the University of San Diego, February 2011
1949 births
Columbia Law School alumni
Harvard College alumni
International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda prosecutors
Iowa Democrats
Iowa lawyers
Living people
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
Place of birth missing (living people)
Special Court for Sierra Leone prosecutors
American officials of the United Nations
United States Ambassadors-at-Large for War Crimes Issues
United States Attorneys for the Northern District of Iowa
United States Ambassadors-at-Large
Drake University Law School alumni
The Maphrian ( or maphryono), originally known as the Grand Metropolitan of the East and also known as the Catholicos, was the second-highest rank in the ecclesiastical hierarchy of the Syriac Orthodox Church, right below that of patriarch. The office of a maphrian is an maphrianate. There have been three maphrianates in the history of the Syriac Orthodox Church and one, briefly, in the Syriac Catholic Church.
The first maphrianate, called the Maphrianate of the East or the Maphrianate of Tagrit, was established in 628 to give the Syriac Orthodox Church an ecclesiastical hierarchy in the Sasanian Empire and lands outside the control of the Roman Empire. The seat of the bishop was initially at Tagrit and he ranked second in the hierarchy after the Patriarch of Antioch. Initially he used the title catholicos in direct opposition to the rival Catholicos of Seleucia-Ctesiphon of the Church of the East. The title "maphrian" first came into use around 1100. In 1156 the seat of the maphrian was moved to Mosul. The Maphrianate of the East was abolished in 1860 as a result of a decreasing number of Syriac Orthodox outside of the region of Ṭur ʿAbdin. By then it had been a merely titular see for a long time.
The second maphrianate was the Maphrianate of Ṭur ʿAbdin established in 1495 under the jurisdiction of the Patriarch of Ṭur ʿAbdin. It is unclear what kind of jurisdiction this maphrian exercised. No new maphrian was appointed after the death of the last one in 1844.
The sole Syriac Catholic maphrian was Baselios Isḥaq Jbeir who took the title in 1693. Although elected patriarch, he refused the title, keeping his position as a Maphrian, thus not establishing a patriarchal line.
In the 20th century a new maphrianate nominally under the Syriac Orthodox Church was established in India in 1912, creating a new autocephalous church, the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church. This was not recognised by the then-reigning Patriarch of Antioch until 1958. The situation, however, deteriorated in 1975 and the Malankara Orthodox Church split again from the Jacobite Syrian Christian Church (an integral branch of the Syriac Orthodox Church). Since that time there have been two rival maphrianates in India, although the title in actual use is Catholicos of India.
Etymology
The word "maphrian" is an Anglicisation of the Arabic mafiryān, itself from Syriac maphryono (mprynʾ), which means "one who bears fruit, fructifier", metaphorically "consecrator" of bishops.
History
The ecclesiastical dignity dates back to the seventh century however its origins began with the instatement of the Catholicos of the East in the fifth century, which was made to unite Christians within the Sassanian Empire under a single ecclesiastical authority and act as a link with the Christians within the Roman Empire. However, after the Nestorian Schism in 431, the teachings of Nestorius were branded heretical at the First Council of Ephesus and Nestorians were forced to relocate to the Sassanian Empire. From this point on the catholicate became increasingly Nestorian, forcing the few remaining Persian Miaphysites, such as Philoxenus of Mabbug, into exile.
Despite this, within the Sassanian Empire, the Mesopotamian town of Tagrit alone did not adopt Nestorianism and would become the centre of Miaphysite missions. With the birth of the Syriac Orthodox Church in the late sixth century, the office of Metropolitan of the East was created by the energetic Jacob Baradaeus for the bishop Ahudemmeh, however he was executed by the Sassanians in 575. During this period, Miaphysites were subject to a great deal of persecution from the Sassanians, under suspicion that as they obeyed a spiritual head residing in Byzantine territory, they were therefore inclined to support the Byzantines. This was spurred on by accusations of favouring the Byzantines from Nestorians at the Shah's court at Ctesiphon; thus encouraging further persecution.
During this period, the Persians were known to enslave much of the Roman territory they conquered and return with a multitude of captives, including Byzantines, Egyptians and Syrians, increasing the number of Miaphysites within Persia. The Miaphysites were under the authority of the Syriac Orthodox Metropolitan of the East until 624 when the seat was left empty for five years. So once the hostilities had drawn to a close at the end of the Byzantine–Sasanian War of 602–628, in 629 the Syriac Orthodox Patriarch Athanasius I Gammolo appointed Marutha of Tagrit as the first maphrian, with the task of organising the Miaphysites in the Sassanian Empire from the Miaphysite stronghold of Tagrit.
The efforts of Marutha of Tagrit were to be crowned with greater success than the previous metropolitans with the assistance of Chosroes II's physician, Gabriel de Shiggar, who had completely won the confidence of the Christian queen Shirin. This allowed him to rebuild churches and administer the church. He also undertook fruitful missionary work among the Arabs and throughout the valley of the Tigris, spreading the Syriac Orthodox faith. With the appointment of the maphrian came large ecclesiastical autonomy from the Church in Antioch. This was done to help improve the position of Miaphysites within the Persian Empire, refuting accusations of favouring the Byzantines.
Over time, the relations between the Maphrian and the Syriac Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch became increasingly strained, and at times lead to schisms and interference into the election of both maphrian and patriarch. In 869, the Council of Capharthutha was held to regulate the relationship and resolve the differences between the two positions. The Council agreed that just as the patriarch consecrated the Maphrian, the consecration of a new Patriarch would be reserved to the Maphrian and that both would avoid interfering in the administration of the other.
However, the Maphrians often had disputes with bishops within his own administration, such as the metropolitan of the Monastery of Mar Mattai near Nineveh, who was jealous of the preponderating influence of Tagrit. The maphrianate was based in Tagrit until 1089 upon the destruction of the main cathedral, known as the Green Church and was relocated to Mosul. The maphrian returned to Tagrit where he united the two sees of Nineveh and Tagrit in 1152 before being forced to permanently move to the Monastery of Mar Mattai in 1155 whilst retaining an immediate jurisdiction over Tagrit and Nineveh.
From 1533, the title was changed to the Maphrian of Mosul to distinguish it from the new office of Maphrian of Tur Abdin. In time, the number of Syriac Orthodox Christians in Mesopotamia decreased, and the maphrianate lost its original significance. It became largely a titular designation for the Syriac Orthodox Church's second highest office until being abolished altogether in a synod of 1860.
In 1975, the title was resurrected for use by the regional head of the Syriac Orthodox Church in India (Jacobite Syrian Christian Church). The current Maphrian is Baselios Thomas I.
Ecclesiastical jurisdiction
The following dioceses were suffragans of the Maphrianate of the East at various points in its existence:
Beth Arbaye
Sinjar
Maltha
Arzen
Gomel or Marga
Beth Ramman (Baremman) or Beth Waziq (Bawazij)
Karma
Beth Zabdai, later moved to Jazirat Ibn ʿUmar
Beth Nuhadra
Peroz-Shapur
Shahrzur
Al-Hirah
Anah and the Banu Taghlib
Nineveh and Mosul
Baghdad
Monastery of Saint Matthew
Kufa
Narsibad
Kurum
Qronta
Beth Arsham
Hassasa
Tirhan
Balad
Beth Saida
Sistan
Herat
Tabriz
Urmia
Nisibis
Bahrain
Julamerk
Monastery of Saint Behnam
See also
List of maphrians
References
Bibliography
Maphrians
Christianity in the Sasanian Empire
Ecclesiastical titles
Religious leadership roles
6th-century establishments in Asia
Parapsestis argenteopicta is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Oberthür in 1879. It is found in the Russian Far East, Korea, Japan, Taiwan, western, north-eastern, northern and central China and Nepal. The habitat consists of various types of mixed forests and oak woods.
The wingspan is 39–47 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus mongolica.
Subspecies
Parapsestis argenteopicta argenteopicta (Russian Far East, Japan, Korea, China: Jilin, Henan, Shaanxi, Gansu, Zhejiang, Hubei, Jiangxi, Hunan, Sichuan, Yunnan)
Parapsestis argenteopicta annamica Laszlo, G.Ronkay, L.Ronkay & Witt, 2007 (Nepal)
Parapsestis argenteopicta nepalina Laszlo, G.Ronkay, L.Ronkay & Witt, 2007 (Nepal)
Parapsestis argenteopicta taiwana (Wileman, 1911) (Taiwan)
References
Moths described in 1879
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
Far from the Madding Crowd is the third full-length album by Danish band Wuthering Heights, their first with current lead vocalist Nils Patrik Johansson. It has been received with great reviews, though "Only subtle approaches remain from the former neoclassical Speed Metal; instead, the quintet serves us a very high proportion of folk on the third album, which easily brings the band on a par with the audience favorites from FALCONER.
"Well, the comparison lags a bit at first glance, as WUTHERING HEIGHTS are still rooted in progressive Melodic Metal, but the guys around Erik Ravn manage to bridge the gap from melodic Speed ​​Metal to Viking Metal and are convincing across the board."
Track listing
All songs written by Erik Ravn.
Gather Ye Wild - 01:46
The Road Goes Ever On - 07:52
Tree - 05:06
Longing for the Woods (Part 1: The Wild Children) - 05:37
Highland Winds - 06:58
Longing for the Woods (Part 2: The Ring of Fire) - 06:17
The Bollard (The McGalster Clan cover) - 03:32
Bad Hobbits Die Hard - 03:23
Longing for the Woods (Part 3: Herne's Prophecy) - 08:41
Land of Olden Glory - 06:21
Lament for Lórien - 05:52
Memory Within a Memory (Japanese edition bonus track) - 05:41
Personnel
Erik Ravn – guitar, keyboards, bass, backing vocals
Rune S. Brink – keyboards
Henrik Flyman – guitar
Morten Sørensen – drums
Nils Patrik Johansson – vocals
References
Wuthering Heights (band) albums
2004 albums
Haughton v Smith was a judicial case in which the House of Lords ruled that it was impossible to commit the crime of handling stolen goods where the goods were not stolen; nor could an offence of attempting to handle them be committed in such circumstances. The latter part of the ruling was partially overturned by the Criminal Attempts Act 1981.
Judgement
Viscount Dilhorne's statement about the impossibility of crimes still often quoted after a 1981 as regards barring the full-offence charge for completed alleged offences (for which full mens rea can be shown) but where the subject matter did not in the event amount to something prohibited:
A man taking his own umbrella from a club, thinking it the property of someone else, does not steal. His belief does not convert his conduct into an offence. In my view, it matters not that the crime cannot be committed as a result of physical impossibility, e.g. the absence of the property he wants to steal, or of legal impossibility. In either case he cannot be convicted of an attempt when he could not be convicted of the full offence if he had succeeded in doing all that he attempted to do. Conduct which is not criminal is not converted into criminal conduct by the accused believing that a state of affairs exists which does not.
This case was partially overturned as it would relate to inchoate (incomplete) offences, which can be prosecuted by the Criminal Attempts Act 1981. of the law of attempted crimes, in particular the debate about criminal liability in issues of impossible crimes.
References
Decision
English criminal case law
House of Lords cases
1975 in England
1975 in case law
1975 in British law
John Rhys Evans (5 September 1930 – 2 January 2010) was a Welsh baritone noted for operatic roles including the leading man in the Merry Widow, the King in The Vagabond King, Count Almaviva in The Marriage of Figaro; Don Carlos in Ernani, and leading roles in L'elisir d'amore, Madame Butterfly, I Pagliacci, La Boheme, The Gypsy Baron, Carmen, Die Fledermaus and Don Giovanni. He sang more than 40 different roles in the course of his career, which lasted from his first public appearance in 1953 to 1994. He sang as a soloist at the Investiture of the Prince of Wales at Caernarvon Castle in 1969.
He was the half-brother of the opera singer Sir Geraint Evans.
Early life
John Rhys Evans was born into a very artistic and musical family in Hopkinstown, Pontypridd, South Wales. His family was Welsh-speaking and Evans learned Welsh before he learned English. He was the son of William John Evans, a coal miner, who became one of Cilfynydd's best musicians at the time and the conductor of Côr Meibion Pontypridd. His mother, Sarah Anne, a church organist, was William's second wife; his first marriage had produced an older son, Geraint Evans, who became a world-famous opera singer. Geraint noted in his autobiography that Sarah had a heart condition and found it difficult to cope with her children, so that Geraint often looked after John and his sisters.
John was educated at Hopkinstown Junior School, Cilfynydd School and later at Pontypridd Grammar School. His family moved to Cilfynydd in 1941. After grammar school (1941-1948), he enrolled in the Royal Army Service Corps (1949–1950), but was medically discharged with rheumatic fever. He took a job as a costing clerk at the Aero Zip Fastener Company in Wales (1950–1952), where he was responsible for weekly wage analysis for seven hundred employees.
Evans had planned to become a rugby player, but decided to take singing lessons to placate his parents, as they insisted and encouraged him to sing, his father saw the potential in his voice. He studied at the Royal Academy of Music and Drama in London (1952–1954); Guildhall School of Music, London (1954–1958) and Munich University, Music Department, Germany (1958–1959).
Career roles
Evans decided to become a professional singer at the age of 27. After studying at the Guildhall School of Music, he launched his singing career with an engagement at the Old Vic in the operas Murder in the Cathedral and Henry VIII. This was followed by Billy Budd at Covent Garden and other leading roles in operatic companies, among them the Welsh National Opera.
He made his début as a concert artiste in Wales at the Regent Ballroom Hopkinstown in October 1962. In his first solo, the prologue from Leoncavallo's I Pagliacci, he showed a richness of tone and an impressive powerful voice, which lasted throughout his career. The choir, at the time, was under the direction of his father, William J. Evans.
His first appearance in Cardiff (April 1963), was at the annual Good Friday performance of Handel's Messiah, at the Roath Park Presbyterian Church, which led him to a contract with the Glyndebourne Festival Opera.
At Glyndebourne he was recognized having a rich, resonant voice to which a keen dramatic style was added. His items were very well received, particularly Non Piu Andrai from Mozart's The Marriage of Figaro and Credo from Verdi's Otello. His several encores included the spiritual Were you there when they crucified my Lord? which was most feelingly sung in Welsh. He was a permanent guest artiste at the Glyndebourne Festival for over two years, appearing in Il barbiere di Siviglia, Fidelio, Don Giovanni, L'Elisir de Amore, among others. He featured in a 1961 recorded Glyndebourne production of The Marriage of Figaro.
Evans appeared in the premieres of several operas including two operas by British composers which were staged for the first time in the U.K. at Sadlers Wells: The Wager by Buxton Orr (1962) and The Departure by Elizabeth Maconchy (1963). A reviewer said that his singing performance with Derby Choral Union in the Messiah gave a most admirable interpretation and that he "sang most nobly stressing a fine bass and control". (1964)
From 1964 to 1969 he was the leading man in London's West End in The Merry Widow, as Danilo, a "down-to-earth unromantic figure", opposite Elizabeth Webb. It was with this operetta that Evans gained his reputation as having an impressive natural voice quality with dramatic sensibility, which he went on to sing more than two hundred times.
He participated as a soloist in several concerts and festivals, including Hiawatha (led by Ronald Good) in The Lewisham Concert Hall; Glyndebourne Festival where he sang Verdi's Eri Tu and a Welsh song Cân Yr Arad Goch by Idris Lewis; he also appeared as a soloist at Cardigan Festival with an impressive performance of Leoncavallo's I Pagliacci.
He left London to sing at the major opera houses of Europe for many years. In 1968 he ended a season in Austria during which time he sang over twenty operettas and five operas – in German. He also performed and spent some time on stage in France.
While in France, he suffered a heart attack, which led him to recover in hospital for five months. On his return to the U.K., he starred in a production of Die Fledermaus and gave a performance in Sheffield, but collapsed again, and it was then that the doctors advised him to give up singing professionally.
After Evans returned to London he took a job in the social services. Then came the meeting with his wife, who was from Mexico City, and the beginning of the road to his come-back. He moved to Mexico City in 1973, where he joined the local church choir and was heard by a representative from the Palace of Fine Arts, who was busy preparing for the coming opera season. He was asked to audition and was accepted by Gregory Millarkos, who had been brought from the United States as a director. Evans joined the new company which was being formed, but plans for it fell through.
On 8 February 1974, he performed at a Concert in Mexico City with tenor Ray Fitzimmons, Margaret McFee Navarro and pianist Erika Kubacsek. Critic comments were of a "voice with exceptional quality, warm rich in overtones with that dark rolling sound in the lower register suggestive of the Slavic bass".
While living in Mexico and being part of the National Opera Company, he was offered and sang the principal baritone role in Madame Butterfly at the Palace of Fine Arts with singers from the Metropolitan Opera and New York City Opera.
After living three years in Mexico City, Evans moved to Washington D.C. where he continued his singing career, but opted for lesser roles with the Washington Opera at the Kennedy Center Opera House (1988–1994) and the Wolf Trap Opera (Barber of Seville). He was active singing in the British Embassy Players and the St. David's Welsh American Society. He also conducted many singing festivals in Washington D.C. and Baltimore.
Recordings
John Rhys Evans recorded the role of the Police Officer on an EMI recording of The Barber of Serville with Victoria de Los Angeles, Luigi Alva and Sesto Bonscantini. He also recorded T.S. Eliot's Murder in the Cathedral with British actor Robert Donat. The recording is now in the Library of Congress.
Evans sang different operas at Glyndebourne in 1961, featuring Don Pizarro in Fidelio and Don Giovanni. The production was broadcast by BBC television on 24 August 1961 and Act II was transmitted on BBC radio on 6 August 1961.
He also recorded Il Barbiere di Siviglia (Rossini) with Vittorio Gui and Victoria de Los Angeles.
He also performed many recitals, concerts, appeared on television and the radio. His professional experience extended to voice over (dubbing) for films, opera and oratorios.
Reputation – critics
During a career that lasted from 1953 to 1994, Evans played more than forty roles. His debut as a concert artiste in Wales made a very good impression. He was received warmly by the audience and in his first solo, the prologue from Leoncavallo's Ill Pagliacci he showed a richness of tone and impressive power. His diction and clarity of tone were excellent. His reputation rose quickly as a baritone who had an impressive natural vocal quality and glorious voice. His portrayal of Count Almaviva In the Marriage of Figaro is easy to imagine but more difficult to bring to reality. His semi-suppressed lechery and inherent dignity were well interpreted.
At Glyndebourne Festival, Evans chose Verdi's dramatic: Eri Tu as his first piece – the first non-Welsh item of the evening, but exhibited his national pride in Cân Yr Arad Goch – "His powerful voice coped magnificently with the pieces' challenges" – His appearances at Glyndebourne included the officer in Il Barbiere di Siviglia, Don Pizarro in Fidelio and Don Giovanni in Don Giovanni. The Count in Le Nozze di Figaro , and Belcore – L'elisir d'amore ; and the Count – Le nozze di Figaro, He was offered Pizarro but turned it down.
Writing of his performance in The Merry Widow, a critic wrote: "Evans Welsh Baritone has a rich, resonant voice to which is added a keen dramatic style." Other critics wrote: "Evans, with glorious voice and classic profile, looks capable of sweeping every woman in town off her feet. He is a dashing Danilo, brimful of charm and handsome looks"; "Evans, the Danilo, is a down-to-earth unromantic figure, but he has an agreeable assurance and a strong baritone voice of unusual but pleasantly resonant timbre"; "He has an impressive natural vocal quality."
"It is a voice of exceptional quality, warm, rich in overtones with that dark rolling sound in the lower register suggestive of the Slavic bass. Yet he can whittle the top into as pointed and ringing a tone as to practically put it into the tenor category."
Festivals
During his professional career, John Rhys Evans participated in many operatic festivals: the Cestrian Male Voice Choir's 32nd Festival at the Central Hall, the Annual Celebrity Concert in Pontypridd; the Philopera Circle at St. Pancras Town Hall Festival, sang Ernani (Verdi);, Bolton Choral Union at Victoria Hall where he sang in the Messiah; Wexford Festival, the Welsh Municipal Concert; Hiawatha at the Bromley Philarmonic Choir in Lewisham Concert Hall where he was one of four soloists performing. At Glyndebourne Festival, the most outstanding example was Verdi's Otello, from which he performed Iago's Credo, sung in English. He performed at the Welsh Municipal Concert where he sang Eri Tu (Verdi) the first non-Welsh piece of the evening and Cân Yr Arad Goch (sung in Welsh) .
Reputation and retirement
Evans was invited to sing as a soloist at the Investiture of the Prince of Wales at Caernarvon Castle in 1969. After the ceremony he was invited by the Prince to a private reception on board the Royal Yacht Britannia.
After he moved to Mexico City and Washington, D.C., he continued to sing in lesser roles as he had to relinquish his demanding career of an international opera singer due to illness. While in Mexico City, the University Club presented A Night of the Great Opera Arias where he sang Dite Alla Giovine from La traviata. Three years later, in Washington, D.C., he auditioned for lesser parts at the Washington Opera, where he sang for many years. He also sang at the Wolf Trap Opera and became a participant member of the British Players, a theatrical group based near Washington. He died on 2 January 2010 at his home in Virginia, USA.
References
1930 births
2010 deaths
20th-century Welsh male opera singers
Operatic basses
20th-century British Army personnel
Royal Army Service Corps soldiers
Sir Robert John Thomas, 1st Baronet (23 April 1873 – 27 September 1951) was a Welsh businessman and Liberal Party politician, who was twice elected to Parliament.
Thomas was a ship and insurance broker. In 1918 he was created a Baronet, of Garreglwyd in the County of Anglesey.
Politics
He was elected at the 1918 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the new constituency of Wrexham. Standing as a Liberal, with the official backing of the David Lloyd George led Coalition Government, he faced only a Labour Party opponent and won 76% of the votes.
At the 1922 general election he stood as a National Liberal Party candidate for Anglesey, losing by a margin of 9% to the sitting Labour MP Sir Owen Thomas.
However, Owen Thomas died in January 1923, and at the resulting by-election in April Robert Thomas won a 3-way contest with 53% of the votes, and a 23% majority over the second-placed Labour candidate.
He was returned unopposed at the general election in December 1923. He was returned by a majority of 28% over his Labour opponent at the election in 1924.
He stood down from Parliament at the 1929 general election.
Arms
References
Further reading
Richards, Emlyn. Syr Robert John Thomas, y Garreglwyd (Sir Ifor Williams Memorial lecture.) Given in Anglesey, 31 October 1997
External links
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for Welsh constituencies
1873 births
1951 deaths
Thomas, Robert, 1st Baronet
UK MPs 1918–1922
UK MPs 1923–1924
UK MPs 1924–1929
Welsh businesspeople in shipping
National Liberal Party (UK, 1922) politicians
Robert and Bertram () is a comedy play by the German writer Gustav Räder, which was first staged in 1856. It depicts the adventures of two wandering vagrants. It premiered in Dresden on 6 February 1856. It served as the basis for a variety of different stage versions, loosely modelled on it. It was later turned into an 1888 opera Robert and Bertram.
Adaptations
The play has been adapted into a number of films:
Robert and Bertram (1915 film), a silent German film adaptation directed by Max Mack
Robert and Bertram (1928 film), a silent German film adaptation directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein
Robert and Bertram (1938 film), a Polish film adaptation directed by Mieczysław Krawicz
Robert and Bertram (1939 film), a German film adaptation directed by Hans H. Zerlett
Robert and Bertram (1961 film), a German film adaptation directed by Hans Deppe
References
Bibliography
1856 plays
German plays adapted into films
Plays set in Germany
Literary duos
Part of Me is a song by American singer-songwriter Chris Cornell, from his third solo studio album, Scream. Part of Me is the first official single for Canada and Europe (and second official single overall) and was released as a digital download on October 12, 2008 in Canada and Germany. There is no indication of a release in the US. The non-explicit version of the song was previewed on Virgin Radio 999, where listeners were encouraged to enter a poll of the audience's reaction to the song. The Album version of the song was leaked on the 12th November, where the outro is the seamless integration into the next song "Time", on the "album orientated" Scream. California DJ Steve Aoki also made a remix of the song which can be downloaded for free in MP3 off his record label's official website, while his remix also appears on the official "Part of Me (Remix EP)" digital release.
Background
This song refers to a fictional (or otherwise) incidence in lusting after a girl (and a possible 'fling'): "I want the girl but I want a lot, Might cross my mind but that's where it stops."
Cornell explains to an established lover that "But I swear it never meant a thing, she was just a fling."
Music video
A music video for this song has been made for Canadian, UK and Ireland release. However, the video is available in other European countries.
Timbaland makes a cameo in the video. The video also features cameo appearances from heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko and Wu-Tang Clan rapper Method Man.
Charts
Release history
References
2008 singles
Chris Cornell songs
Timbaland songs
Song recordings produced by Timbaland
Songs written by Timbaland
Songs written by Chris Cornell
Song recordings produced by Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon
Songs written by Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon
Songs written by Balewa Muhammad
Songs written by Ezekiel Lewis
2008 songs
Interscope Records singles
Edge Day is a celebration founded by people who live straight edge lifestyles. The occasion has been observed annually on October 17 since 1999. The inaugural event, originally called Edge Fest, was held in Boston, Massachusetts. It is most prominent in Boston, but annual events are now held by individuals in U.S. states such as Georgia and California, and globally in cities such as Gothenburg, São Paulo and London.
History
Founding
The first annual National Edge Day was celebrated on October 17, 1999, at the final Ten Yard Fight show at the Karma nightclub in Boston, Massachusetts. The show also featured the bands Bane, In My Eyes, Reach the Sky, and Floorpunch. This show marked the end of the 1990s "youth crew" revival, but arguably started a new chapter in straight edge society by creating an observable holiday in the community.
Since the inaugural event, a local Boston show has been organized annually to celebrate Edge Day. Central to the holiday is the organization of local live shows, performed mainly by hardcore bands who also identify as straight edge. If the 17th day of October does not fall on a weekend, the Edge Day show usually falls on the Saturday before or after October 17.
2009
Have Heart played one final show prior to their initial disbandment in honor of National Edge Day in Revere, Massachusetts.
National Edge Day was celebrated in Gothenburg, Sweden.
2011
A National Edge Day celebration was held in Atlanta, Georgia. Performing bands included Mindset, Foundation, and Break Away.
The first UK Edge Day since 2004 was held in London.
2012
The first recognized West Coast Edge Day was held in Santa Ana, California.
The second annual UK Edge Day show was held in London at the Brixton Jamm Bar.
2015
Edge day is held in London in DIY Space For London.
Edge Day is celebrated in Kuala Lampur, Malaysia in punk space called Rumah Api.
Edge-day was celebrated at THE HARDCORE STADIUM in Cambridge, MA on Oct. 16,17,18th. Bands played included Stop and Think, Invasion and Mindset.
Edge day is celebrated every year in Novi Sad, Serbia.
References
Straight edge
October observances
Bykovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 52 as of 2002.
Geography
Bykovo is located 60 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Zhilino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Malene Franzen (September 28, 1970 in Kastrup) is a Danish rhythmic gymnast.
Franzen competed for Denmark in the rhythmic gymnastics individual all-around competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. There she was 34th in the preliminary (qualification) round and did not advance to the final.
References
External links
Malene Franzen at Sports-Reference.com
1970 births
Living people
Danish rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Denmark
People from Tårnby Municipality
Sportspeople from the Capital Region of Denmark
The Chennai Super Kings (often abbreviated as "CSK") are a franchise cricket team based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, that plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL). The team was founded in 2008 and is currently captained by M.S.Dhoni and coached by Stephen Fleming, a former New Zealand cricketer. The brand value of Chennai Super Kings was estimated to be a million, making them the second most valuable franchise in the IPL, behind only the Mumbai Indians.
Chennai Super Kings have reached the IPL playoffs nine times, and have won the title four times, winning their latest title in the 2021 tournament. They played their first Twenty20 match in the first season of the IPL against Kings XI Punjab.
The first list includes all the players who have played in at least one match for the Chennai Super Kings. The second list comprises all those players who have captained the team in at least one match, arranged in the order of the first match as captain.
Players
Players in bold are still active for CSK.
Captains
References
External
Chennai-related lists
Lists of Indian Premier League cricketers
Dave Digs Disney is a 1957 studio album by the Dave Brubeck Quartet. It features jazz renditions of songs from the animated Disney films Alice in Wonderland, Pinocchio and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. It is one of Brubeck's most popular albums. The album was reissued in 2011, with remastered recordings and two bonus tracks: "Very Good Advice" (from Alice in Wonderland) and "So This Is Love" (from Cinderella).
The original LP was issued only in mono, though stereo tapes were recorded at the time. The stereo mixes of the album's tracks were not widely available until later re-releases.
Production
The Disney tunes played on this album were played by the quartet for some time, but it took a family trip to Disneyland to convince Brubeck to call up his producer and pitch his idea of a Disney album.
At the time, Disney songs were considered below the talents of jazz musicians, yet Brubeck took a financial risk on the album and it paid off. Later, other jazz artists would record Disney songs as well. "Someday My Prince Will Come" most notably became a jazz standard, and was later recorded by Miles Davis and John Coltrane, among others.
Track listing
All tracks written by Frank Churchill and Larry Morey except where noted.
"Alice in Wonderland" (Sammy Fain, Bob Hilliard) – 9:24
"Give A Little Whistle" (Leigh Harline, Ned Washington) – 7:32
"Heigh-Ho (The Dwarfs' Marching Song)" – 3:53
"When You Wish Upon A Star" (Leigh Harline, Ned Washington) – 4:49
"Some Day My Prince Will Come" – 8:15
"One Song" – 4:56
Reissue Bonus Tracks
"Very Good Advice" (Sammy Fain, Bob Hilliard) – 5:31
"So This Is Love" (Mack David, Al Hoffman, Jerry Livingston) – 5:56
Personnel
Dave Brubeck - piano
Paul Desmond - alto saxophone
Joe Morello - drums
Norman Bates - bass
References
External links
Official website
1957 albums
Albums produced by George Avakian
Columbia Records albums
Dave Brubeck albums
Disney music
The 2020 Maine Republican presidential primary took place on March 3, 2020, as one of 14 contests scheduled for Super Tuesday in the Republican Party primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The primary was a closed primary (only open to party members) although unenrolled voters were permitted to enroll in a party at the polls with same day registration.
The primary was held along with a people's veto referendum to reject changes to Maine's vaccination laws.
Results
Incumbent President Donald Trump was the only candidate to qualify for the ballot. His 84% share of the vote was his lowest performance of any state in the primaries. Several town clerks speculated that the high number of blank votes cast was due to Republican voters being more interested in voting in the anti-vaccination people's veto referendum than in the primary.
Results by county
See also
2020 Maine Democratic presidential primary
References
Republican primary
Maine
Maine Republican primary
Maine Republican caucuses
Gono Adalat (people's court) was a mock trial held to Bangladesh of those responsible for the 1971 Bangladesh Genocide. It was not an official trial and did not have any legal basis but was widely popular. The Bangladesh Nationalist Party led government filed cases against the organizers of the Gono Adalat which were withdrawn by the next caretaker government. The trial was led by Jahanara Imam.
History
Jahanara Imam and other activists created the Ghatak-Dalal Nirmul Committee on 19 January 1992. The committee campaigned for the trails of collaborators of Pakistan Army who have accused of involvement in the Bangladesh Genocide during the Bangladesh Liberation war in 1971. On 26 March 1992, the Ghatak-Dalal Nirmul Committee established the Gono Adalat to hold public mock trials of the alleged collaborators. The movement began after Ghulam Azam was appointed the head of Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami in December 1991. The court tried Ghulam Azam, found him guilty and sentenced him to death. The court held trials in Suhrawardy Udyan, the site of the surrender of Pakistani forces at the end of Bangladesh Liberation war.
Reception
The Government of Bangladesh, then formed by Bangladesh Nationalist Party, was against the Gona Adalat. It filed charges against 28 organizers including Jahanara Imam and Shahriar Kabir over the Gono Adalat. The neutral Caretaker Government led by Justice Habibur Rahman withdrew the charges against them in 1995. The Bangladesh Nationalist party was politically aligned with the Islamist Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami party. The Gono Adalat had the support of the then opposition party, Bangladesh Awami League.
The verdicts of the Gono Adalat were endorsed by 16 non-governmental organizations.
References
1992 establishments in Bangladesh
Organisations based in Dhaka
Political movements in Bangladesh
Marie François, known as Francis Charmes (21 April 1848, château de Baradel, Aurillac, Cantal – 4 January 1916, Paris) was a French journalist, diplomat, civil servant, politician and academician.
Biography
He was educated at Aurillac, and afterwards at the lycées of Clermont-Ferrand and Poitiers, subsequently entering journalism. He rapidly made a mark as a brilliant writer, and in 1872 became editor of the Journal des Débats, where he remained until 1880, returning to it from 1889 to 1907. His political writings created much interest, and in 1880 the French government appointed him to the post of assistant director of the political department of the Foreign Office. In 1885 he became head of the department, and remained in the Foreign Office until 1889.
From 1881 to 1885 and again from 1889 to 1898 he represented Cantal in the Chamber of Deputies, and in 1900 he became a senator. Charmes is, however, best known for his connexion with the Revue des Deux Mondes. In 1893 he began his famous political writings in the Revue, and in 1907 became its editor. He takes a high place among the journalists of the Third Republic, and his articles and studies, both literary and political, in the Journal des Débats and Revue des Deux Mondes were one of the features of French literary history during the last years of the 19th century.
He was an Officer of the Légion d'honneur.
Selected bibliography
Études historiques et diplomatiques (1893)
Les Questions actuelles de politique étrangère en Europe (1907)
L'Allemagne contre l'Europe, la guerre (1914-1915) (1915)
Notes
References
1848 births
1916 deaths
People from Aurillac
French journalists
French diplomats
Members of the Académie Française
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
French Senators of the Third Republic
French male non-fiction writers
Senators of Cantal
Zala was an administrative county (comitatus) of the Kingdom of Hungary, bordered by the river Drave to the south. The territory of the former county is now divided between Hungary, Croatia and Slovenia. The capital of the county was Zalaegerszeg.
Geography
Zala county shared borders with the Austrian land Styria and the Hungarian counties Vas, Veszprém, Somogy, Belovár-Körös and Varasd (the latter two in Croatia-Slavonia). The river Drava (Hungarian: Dráva) river formed its southern border, Lake Balaton its eastern border. The rivers Mura and Zala flowed through the county. Its area was 5974 km2 around 1910.
History
Zala county arose as one of the first comitatuses of the Kingdom of Hungary.
In 1920, by the Treaty of Trianon, the south-west of the county (today known as Međimurje) became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (from 1929 as Yugoslavia). The award recognised the 1918 occupation of the area. The remainder stayed in Hungary. Yugoslavian part of it was occupied and annexed again by Hungary between 1941 and 1945 during World War II. In 1950, as part of the Communist reforms of local government, the county's borders were re-drawn again. A small part of former Vas county, north of Zalaegerszeg, went to Zala County. The part of Zala county north of Lake Balaton went to Veszprém County.
Since 1991, when Slovenia and Croatia became independent from Yugoslavia, the part of former Zala county between the rivers Mura and Drava is part of Croatia (region of Međimurje). The area around Lendava is in Slovenia.
Demographics
In 1900, the county had a population of 437,116 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities:
Total:
Hungarian: 324,087 (74.1%)
Croatian: 84,904 (19.4%)
German: 4,917 (1.1%)
Slovak: 218 (0.1%)
Romanian: 159 (0.0%)
Serbian: 13 (0.0%)
Ruthenian: 2 (0.0%)
Other or unknown: 22,816 (5.2%)
According to the census of 1900, the county was composed of the following religious communities:
Total:
Roman Catholic: 402,773 (92.2%)
Jewish: 13,967 (3.2%)
Calvinist: 11,793 (2.7%)
Lutheran: 8,251 (1.9%)
Greek Catholic: 68 (0.0%)
Greek Orthodox: 108 (0.0%)
Unitarian: 32 (0.0%)
Other or unknown: 124 (0.0%)
In 1910, the county had a population of 466,333 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities:
Total:
Hungarian: 347,167 (74.45%)
Croatian: 91,909 (19.71%)
German: 3,889 (0.83%)
Slovak: 233 (0.05%)
Serbian: 56 (0.01%)
Romanian: 44 (0.01%)
Ruthenian: 3 (0.0%)
Other: 23,032 (4.94%)
According to the census of 1910, the county was composed of the following religious communities:
Total:
Roman Catholic: 433,145 (92.88%)
Jewish: 12,892 (2.76%)
Calvinist: 11,738 (2.52%)
Lutheran: 8,220 (1.76%)
Greek Catholic: 117 (0.03%)
Greek Orthodox: 110 (0.02%)
Unitarian: 37 (0.01%)
Other: 74 (0.02%)
Subdivisions
In the early 20th century, the subdivisions of Zala county were:
The towns of Prelog and Čakovec are in Croatia; Lendava is in Slovenia.
States and territories established in 1715
1596 disestablishments
States and territories disestablished in 1920
Counties in the Kingdom of Hungary
Gulgasht Colony (), (Punjabi: ) is an area of Multan City in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at an altitude of , and is the location of a large police station.
The colony has a number of educational institutions. Government College, Multan (also known as Bosan Road College, now Govt. Emerson College, Multan) is the oldest institute of learning of Multan. Various public and private schools and colleges provide education up to graduation level, including Punjab College for Women (PCW), University of Education Lahore (Multan Campus), British School and College Network, Govt.Science College, The Central College, Leadership College Network, Superior College, and Institute of Southern Punjab (ISP). The Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education (BISE) Multan is also situated in the area. There are several private schools and colleges which follow foreign curricula like the British GCE Ordinary Level/Advanced level and the IB within the city. The institutes like La Salle High School, Multan Public School and College, Girls Public School and College, Comprehensive Boys High School, FB Link Govt. Girls Comprehensive Secondary High School, Model High School For Boys, The Educators, Jinnah Highs, Bloomfield Hall, Nishat High School, Zikrya Public School, Zamir Public School and Beacon House attract students from all over Southern Punjab. Multan Public School and College with its campus is one of the largest and better public schools in Pakistan.
Bahauddin Zakariya University formerly known as Multan University is the main source of learning higher education for this region.
Gulgasht Colony used to be a residential area, which quickly became commercial and a popular modern business centre of the city after old Chowk Bazar and Cantt shopping areas. This modern locality is a commercial hub with many restaurants, commercial banks, hospitals, health clinics, trade agencies, fashion boutiques, shopping malls, supermarkets, department stores, beauty saloons and décor stores. The colony hosts a variety of restaurants and food chains like Pizza Hut, Hardees, Glorea Jeans Coffee, Jhoke Restaurant, Shah Jahan Grill, Eat On, AFC, Lasani Foods, ABC Foods and Ghauri Foods.
Up to 1970 there was only one school i.e. Aligarh Model School. There was no clinic of any doctor. Only one medical store naming Mannan Medical Store near Gool Bagh. There were only three barber shops: one in Gardaizi market, other in Mubeen market and yet another near Gool bagh. There were about eight shops encircling Jalal Masjid. Tongas was the only available means of travelling. There were two water tanks of water for horses at Jalal Masjid Chowk. Even ice was not available. However, in the evening two men used to come from city to sell ice on their carts. No book shop. Very peaceful atmosphere but now it has become the educational headquarters of Multan.
References
Populated places in Multan District
Art Jones may refer to:
Art Jones (baseball) (1906–1980), pitcher in Major League Baseball
Art Jones (American football) (1919–1995), American football defensive back
Art Jones (ice hockey) (1935–2021), Canadian ice hockey centre
Art Jones (politician) (born 1948), American Neo-Nazi, Holocaust denier and politician
Art C. Jones, American football coach in the United States
See also
Arthur Jones (disambiguation)
Karadere, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
The 1997–98 Notre Dame Fighting Irish Men's Basketball Team represented the University of Notre Dame in the 1997–98 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Big East Tournament
References
Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball seasons
Notre Dame
Notre Dame Fighting Irish
Notre Dame Fighting Irish
Streib is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Max Streib (1912–1989), Swiss field handball player
Werner Streib (1911–1986), German Luftwaffe fighter ace
See also
The Streibs, a fictional civilization in the science-fiction television show Babylon 5
The 2018 Oregon gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 2018 to elect the Governor of Oregon who would serve a full four-year term, after the 2016 special election, where Governor Kate Brown was elected to serve the last two years of a four-year term. Incumbent Democratic Governor Kate Brown ran for a full term. The Republican Party nominated Knute Buehler to run against Brown; the Independent Party of Oregon nominated Patrick Starnes. Kate Brown was re-elected as governor in a rematch of the 2012 Oregon Secretary of State Election.
Brown ran for re-election for her second, but first full four-year term in office due to former governor, John Kitzhaber resigning after serving only one year into his fourth and final term in office, amid his ethics scandal regarding possible corruption involving to his then, girlfriend, Cylvia Hayes and her role in the administration. After the completion of her second term starting in 2019, Brown is term-limited from serving an additional, consecutive term in office starting in 2022.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Declared
Kate Brown, incumbent Governor
Ed Jones
Candace Neville
Endorsements
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Declared
Keenan Bohach
Knute Buehler, Orthopedic Surgeon, state representative and nominee for secretary of state in 2012
Sam Carpenter, businessman and candidate for the U.S. Senate in 2014 and 2016
Jonathan Edwards III
Brett Hyland
Jeff Smith, small business owner
David Stauffer
Jack Tracy
Greg Wooldridge, former Blue Angels commanding officer
Withdrew
Bruce Cuff, real estate broker and candidate for governor in 2014 and 2016 (endorsed Greg Wooldridge)
Declined
Lori Chavez-DeRemer, Mayor of Happy Valley and nominee for the state house in 2016
Cedric Ross Hayden, state representative
Mike McLane, House Minority Leader
Bud Pierce, physician and nominee for governor in 2016
Bill Post, state representative
Dennis Richardson, Oregon Secretary of State, former state representative and nominee for governor in 2014
Endorsements
Debates
Polling
Results
Independent Party primary
Candidates
Declared
Skye Allen
Dan Pistoresi
Patrick Starnes
Results
General election
Debates
Complete video of debate, October 2, 2018
Third party debate, featuring Nick Chen (L), Patrick Starnes (I), and Chris Henry (P), hosted by former Green Party candidate Alex DiBlasi, October 6, 2018
Complete video of debate, October 9, 2018
Predictions
Polling
Aggregate polls
with Sam Carpenter
with Greg Wooldridge
with Lori Chavez-DeRemer
Results
Statewide results
Results by congressional district
Brown carried 2 out of the 5 congressional districts, not including either of the current two suburban swing districts which are both held by Democrats, with held by veteran congressman Peter DeFazio and held by former veterinarian Kurt Schrader.
County results
Notes
References
External links
Candidates at Vote Smart
Candidates at Ballotpedia
Official campaign websites
Aaron Auer (C) for Governor
Kate Brown (D) for Governor
Knute Buehler (R) for Governor
Alex DiBlasi (G) for Governor
Patrick Starnes (I) for Governor
Nick Chen (L) for Governor
2018 Oregon elections
2018
Oregon
Maryam Palizban () is an Iranian film and stage actress. She graduated in performing arts and theatre studies at Tehran University-Faculty of fine arts in 2004 and got her Ph.D. degree at the Free University Berlin, Germany in 2014.
She has been a research fellow on Performing martyrdom in ta'ziya as Shi'a Theatre-Ritual: "Martyrs on the Stage" within the project "Figurations of the Martyr in Near Eastern and European Literature” from 2012 to 2014 at the Center for literary and cultural research Berlin (ZfL).
Her KHK (Käte Hamburger Kollegs) project is entitled "The Theatrical Space of Beliefs, Transcendence and Immanence in Roman-Catholic and Shi'a-Islam: From Napoli to Rasht".
She played a leading part in Deep Breath, for which she was nominated as best actress by the Cinema Academy, 21st Fajr International Film Festival. Other Iranian movies in which she appeared are Fat Shaker (2013) and Lantouri (2016).
Filmography
Deep Breath (2003)
Fat Shaker (2013)
Lantouri (2016)
See also
Parviz Shahbazi
References
Sources
Degaran Website
www.lettersfromtentland.com
Palizban in Persian Wikipedia
External links
Maryam Plizban in Soureh Cinema website - (Persian)
Maryam palizban Personal Weblog - (Persian)
1981 births
People from Urmia
20th-century Iranian poets
Iranian film actresses
Living people
Iranian stage actresses
21st-century Iranian actresses
21st-century Iranian poets
Corrosion loop(s) are systematized analysis "loops" used during Risk-based inspection analysis.
Both terms “RBI Corrosion loops” or “RBI corrosion circuits” are generic terms used to indicate the systematization of piping systems into usable and understandable parts associated with corrosion.
Systematized piping loops or circuits are systems used in Risk Based Inspection analysis to assess the likelihood and consequence of failure.
Other systematization may also prove useful, such as, i.e. inspection, consequence, materials of construction and chemistry.
The system (or sub systems) maybe used to identify, pressure / temperature, subsequent failure mechanism and possible failure rate.
They may be based upon Construction drawings, Process Flow diagrams or Piping & Instrument diagrams as required. Each loop or circuit maybe identified using a unique code, with description about; process, material & degradation mode, material, cladding, C.A, specs.
See system model comes under the general heading of system analysis the terms analysis and synthesis come from Greek where they mean respectively "to take apart" and "to put together". See also systems theory:
Note the exact definition of the systematized risk analysis " loop" is left to the reader and their requirements of the system analysis required, however to ensure consistency and that the expected results is produced, this should be defined before they are constructed.
It is suggested that a “true” corrosion loop should be a grouping were the degradation mechanism is "likely" to be the same i.e.
Material of Construction,
Process fluid (similar stream properties),
Temperature (roughly, or at least within the damage mechanisms susceptibility thresholds),
Pressure (if the damage mechanism/s of concern is/are reliant upon pressure), and
Velocity (again (if the damage mechanism of concern is reliant upon velocity).
By defining the barrier limits of Damage Susceptible Areas, the susceptibility of any part is similar to that of the whole.
References
1 API 570 (Nov. 2009) definition and notes re "piping circuits" Piping Inspection Code: In-service Inspection, Rating,Repair, and Alteration of Piping Systems, Third Edition
2 4th European-American Workshop on Reliability of NDE Tools and Methodologies for Pipework Inspection Data Analysis Peter VAN DE CAMP, Fred HOEVE, Sieger TERPSTRA, Shell Global Solutions International, Amsterdam, The Netherlands (http://www.ndt.net/article/reliability2009/Inhalt/we2a4.pdf)
3 Risk Management Application on Refinery Pipeline Inspection Ren-Rong Chang* Jin-Jhy Jeng** Shang Lai Lee*** * Inspection Engineer of CPC Shell Lubricants Co.,LTD. ** Inspection Engineer of Chinese Petroleum Corp. *** Head inspection of Kaohsiung Plant of Chinese Petroleum Corp. (www.aposho.org/conference/img/csiii-b4.doc)
4 Risk Based Management ASME Seminar By Chow NgaiMun M.Sc., Ceng, FIMMM, AWS CWI, ASNT/ACCP/EN 473 Level III (UT, RT, MT, PT), PCN Level II TOFD, API 653, 510, 570, 580 and 571 Singapore Welding Society (1st Vice President) Engineering Manager (Shell Chemicals Seraya Pte Ltd).
(http://www.psig.sg/Seminar/S2011-2.pdf)
5 Risk Based Inspection Application on Refinery and Processing Piping Ren-Rong Chang1*, Chi-Min Shu1, Ming-Kuen Chang1 and Kung-Nan Lin2
1 Department of Safety, Health and Environmental Engineering, National Yunlin University of Science and Technology, 123, University Road, Section 3, Touliu, Yunlin, Taiwan 640, ROC 2 Department of Marine Engineering, National Taiwan Ocean University, 2, Pei-Ning Road,
Keelung, Taiwan 20224, ROC (www.iitk.ac.in/che/jpg/papersb/full%20papers/S%20-%2084%20.doc)
Maintenance
Corrosion
The 2019–20 season is Vélez Sarsfield's 78th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina, Copa de la Superliga and Copa Sudamericana.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Luciano Tilger was the first transfer-related occurrence of Vélez Sarsfield's season, as he agreed a permanent move to Almirante Brown on 14 June 2019. On 18 June, the club announced three signings in Tomás Guidara, from Belgrano, and Maximiliano Romero, on loan from PSV. Soon after, Fernando Gago put pen to paper on a one-year contract, months after his release from Boca Juniors. Joaquín Laso went to Atlético San Luis of Liga MX on 19 June. Gastón Díaz was released on 24 June, after he and the club mutually parted ways - he later joined Colón. Álvaro López's loan deal with Almirante Brown was renewed on 25 June. Numerous loans from the past campaign officially expired on and around 30 June. Guido Mainero was loaned to Defensa y Justicia on 1 July.
Vélez were held to draws by Villa Dálmine in friendlies on 6 July. Romero scored his first goal for them on 10 July in a pre-season match with Estudiantes of Buenos Aires at Villa Olímpica in Ituzaingó. Rodrigo Cáseres and Mauricio Toni headed to Justo José de Urquiza and Alvarado on 12 July. Vélez shared a friendly win apiece with Banfield on 13 July. Espanyol confirmed the incoming of Matías Vargas on 14 July. Atlético Tucumán were taken care of in pre-season on 16 July, beating them one-nil twice. Uruguayan Matías de los Santos was signed on loan from Millonarios on 18 July. Vélez defeated Huracán in an exhibition on 20 July, though then lost hours later. A transaction with Tigre featuring Lucas Janson and Jonathan Ramis was agreed on 25 July.
July
A defeat away to Talleres on 28 July got Vélez Sarsfield's league campaign underway, as Jony scored the game's only goal for the hosts. Lucas Janson officially arrived from Tigre on 30 July, as Jonathan Ramis went the other way on loan. Also on that day, Rodrigo Salinas, fresh from signing a new contract with Vélez, was loaned to Newell's Old Boys.
August
Nicolás Delgadillo, off a loan with San Martín, was loaned again on 1 August as he joined Patronato. Vélez threw away a two-goal lead in the Primera División versus reigning champions Racing Club, as they drew 2–2 despite early goals from Nicolás Domínguez and Maximiliano Romero. Vélez played Talleres in friendlies on 10 August, winning 1–0 and 2–0. Gianluca Mancuso left on a two-year loan deal to Valladolid on 12 August. Vélez lost on the road in the league for the second time running on 18 August, as Lanús beat them in Buenos Aires. Following no victory in three, Vélez secured their opening win of 2019–20 on 24 August after beating Newell's Old Boys 3–1. Vélez revealed, on 29 August, that a deal had been agreed with Bologna for Nicolás Domínguez.
Vélez won for the second week running on 30 August, after defeating Estudiantes by one-goal away from home in the Primera División. Bologna confirmed the signing of Nicolás Domínguez on 30 August, with the central midfielder immediately returning to Vélez on a temporary basis.
September
Emiliano Amor departed on loan to Primera B Nacional's San Martín on 3 September, as he extended his Vélez contract in the process.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Vélez Sarsfield would face Banfield in a pre-season friendly, as revealed on 19 June by their opponents. Atlético Tucumán scheduled a match with them on 24 June. Two days later, Buenos Aires' Estudiantes announced a game with Vélez. Friendlies with Villa Dálmine and Huracán were set for 6/20 July on 2/17 July.
Mid-season
They'd meet Talleres in friendly matches on 10 August, before facing Arsenal de Sarandí in early September.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Copa de la Superliga
Copa Sudamericana
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield seasons
Vélez Sarsfield
The Samuel N. Patterson House is a historic residence in the city of Xenia, Ohio, United States. Built in the 1870s, it was named a historic site in 1976.
Samuel Patterson
Born in 1818, Samuel Patterson moved with his family from Washington, D.C. to Winchester, Ohio when he was four years old. At the age of twenty-eight, he migrated to Xenia, where he became an important local businessman. Although he entered into partnership with another man, Tobias Drees, in the ownership of a local mill, he sought to make himself known as a carpenter. Eventually, Patterson developed a strong reputation for his multiple artistic abilities, including wood carving.
House
Patterson arranged for the construction of his house on the upscale North King Street around 1875. Built of brick with a brick foundation, the two-story house includes elements of stone and metal. The interior is particularly significant because of elements such as a unique music alcove with decorative panelling, as well as ornate original wood finishing with decorative molding.
Preservation
On 3 April 1974, much of Xenia's near north side was destroyed by one of the worst tornadoes on record. The Patterson House fared better than most; it was severely damaged, but the owner chose to restore it rather than completing the demolition. Two years later, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying because of its historically significant architecture. Another house on North King that survived the tornado, known as the Millen-Schmidt House, is located two blocks to the south; it too was listed on the National Register in 1976.
References
Houses completed in 1875
Houses in Greene County, Ohio
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Greene County, Ohio
Xenia, Ohio
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1576, adopted unanimously on 29 November 2004, after recalling resolutions 1529 (2004) and 1542 (2004) on the situation in Haiti, the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Stabilisation Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH) until 1 June 2005.
The preamble of the resolution underlined the need for political reconciliation and economic reconstruction in the country. It condemned acts of violence, violations of human rights and attempts by some armed groups to conduct unauthorised law enforcement in the country, which had to be disarmed as soon as possible.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council extended the mandate of MINUSTAH, to be renewed if necessary. The transitional government in Haiti was called upon to build an inclusive democratic and electoral process. International contributions were requested by the council, which asked the Secretary-General Kofi Annan to report every three months on the implementation of MINUSTAH's mandate.
See also
2004 Haitian coup d'état
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1501 to 1600 (2003–2005)
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
1576
2004 in Haiti
1576
November 2004 events
Manichaean Temple Banner Number " 6286" is a Manichaean monastery flag banner collected in Berlin Asian Art Museum, made in the 10th century AD. It was found in Xinjiang Gaochang by a German Turpan expedition team at the beginning of the 20th century. The flag streamer is 45.5 cm long and 16 cm wide, with painted portraits on both sides. It is a funeral streamer dedicated to the deceased Manichae believers.
Description
The picture on the flag banner is divided into upper and lower layers, and the upper layer image area is about one-half of the lower layer. On the lower front, there is a portrait of a Manichean female believer standing on a felt carpet. She embraces a book inlaid with gold, is dressed in a white robe, a white headscarf and a white top hat, which shows that she is an elector. There are two huge lotus buds floating on the left of the voters. On the upper right side is a frame similar to the circle of ancient Egyptian kings. Inside the frame is a Uighur written in Sogdian alphabet: "Portrait of Princess Busuš". Below the frame is a portrait of a female layman in a crimson robe, one-half the size of the voter's portrait. On the upper floor is painted a seated female god with a white crown and white robe sitting on each side; the golden ring-shaped crown of the god is decorated with the symbol of light, and a circle of small heads wearing the same symbol of light is suspended above the head. It depicts the Light Maiden. Originally depicted on the back was a portrait of a Manichean male voter, who was later repainted as a female layman, but the male voter's white crown and two moustaches on his lips are still faintly visible. This layman also stood on the felt carpet, wearing a crimson robe with black floral ornaments. She combed three large buns on her hair, a bun on the top of her head, two buns on the back of her head, and a floral ornament on the bun on top of her head. A lotus flower bud floats near the face on the left side, and a child raising his left hand is on the lower left side. On the upper floor is painted a sitting statue of a male god, with a slightly smaller voter sitting on each side, kneeling on each side. According to the description on the flag banner, this image is a statue of Jesus (Manichean translation "Yi Shu").
Analysis
The image on the flag banner is related to the Manichaeism Salvation Theory, the salvation of the light, in which the light body/light element releases from the dark substances that imprison it, such as the flesh, and then returns to the kingdom of light. The two figures depicted on the banner—the voters and the laity—are portraits of two Manichaeans who have died. Because of their devotion to faith and observance of the canon, their bodies are full of light. The floating lotus buds around them have two meanings. One is to symbolize their "righteous" status; the other is to express the release of light molecules from the body. The small figures below should be living believers who pray for them. The statues of the Virgin of Light and Jesus on the upper level have the characteristics of the portraits of the Sasanian kings or gods of Persia, showing "Uighur style in Manichean art"; They are "guide gods", helping the souls of devout believers to return to the kingdom of light. From Coptic, Sabbath, and Middle Persian Manichae literature, the Virgin of Light and Jesus are the two most important gods who lead the way.
Christ the King
As mentioned above, the text on the flags indicates that the identity of the male god in the back picture is Jesus, which is translated as "Yi Shu" in Chinese by Manichaeism. The Yishu in the painting sits on a four-legged stool-like throne, wearing a red robe, and a white robe with gold edging. There are four badges on the white robe. The badges are small squares drawn with double lines. Box, leave blank inside the box. He has a seal on his right hand, the middle two fingers are closed with his thumb, and his left hand holds the hem of the white robe stacked on the knees. His long black hair is draped over his shoulders, and he has a triangular beard. He has a red gold-rimmed headlight and a large green gold-rimmed backlight behind him; Yi Shu like a voter with a white crown and white robe and long hair shawl sitting on each side. According to the characteristics of the image, this image can be called "the statue of the Christ the King", and it is the oldest known portrait of Jesus in Manichaeism.
Yishu is a deity of great importance in Manichaeism. Mani, the founder of the religion, grew up in a Christian Gnostic family in the 3rd century AD. His father Badi was a believer in the Elcesaites sect. They lived in southern Mesopotamia under the rule of the Sassanid dynasty. In addition to the Elcesaites, there were also other early Christian groups active there, such as the Badisan and the Magian, and Mani had contact with them. Although Mani mentions Zoroaster and Sakyamuni in his own writings, Jesus is the key point. For example: "Jesus is Mani's savior" ("Koeln Mani Scrolls"); "Muni, the Apostle of Jesus Christ" (Muni's crystal seal and his claim in the letter); "Muni is the Holy Spirit of Jesus" (the honorific name given to him by Mani's disciples). Augustine of Hippo once wrote about Manichaean obsession with Jesus, and there are many hymns in Manichae scriptures in various languages.
In summary, it can be seen that compared to Zoroastrianism, which originated from Persia, the relationship between Manichaeism and Christianity is actually deeper. After comparing several portraits of early Christian Jesus in the Mediterranean region, Hungarian Asian religious art historian Zsuzsanna Gulácsi found that two of them are particularly consistent with this image. One is a 6th century inlay from St. Catherine's Monastery in Sinai, Egypt. The painting is located on the vault of the back hall of the monastery; the other is a mosaic on the dome of the Santa Pudenziana in Rome, painted in the fourth century. In addition, Gulácsi also compared this image with the Southern Song silk painting hanging scroll "Manichaean Painting of the Buddha Jesus", and found that this silk painting from the southern coastal area of China is also consistent with the Christ image. Although the cultural differences due to different locations make the two image art styles very different, their main elements are almost the same.
See also
Fragment of Manichae Manuscript
Sgd Manichean Letters
References
Manichaean art
Manichaean art of East Central Asia
Iconography of Jesus
Madeira Abyssal Plain, also called Madeira Plain, is an abyssal plain situated at the center and deepest part of the Canary Basin. It is a north-northeast to south-southeast elongated basin that almost parallels the Mid-Atlantic Ridge. Its western boundary is marked by a chain of seamounts known as the either Seewarte Seamounts or Atlantis-Great Meteor Seamount Chain. Its eastern boundary is a distinct break of slope that marks the foot of the African Continental Rise. This abyssal plain occupies an area of about . Across this basin, slope angles are generally less than 0.01°.
Physiographic setting
For research purposes, the Madeira Abyssal Plain can be divided into three sub-basins. They are a southern sub-basin, which lies at a water depth of about , a central sub-basin which lies at a deeper water depth of about , and the northern sub-basin which lies at an intermediate water depth of about . The central sub-basin, which is also known as Great Meteor East after a seamount situated to the west, occupies a broad area of and is bounded by about the -contour.
The central sub-basin of the Madeira Abyssal Plain is relatively flat plain that is occasionally interrupted by small abyssal hills of a few hundred meters in height and draped by pelagic and hemipelagic sediments. These abyssal hills become more numerous to the north, south and west where they form the boundaries of the central sub-basin.
History of Research
In 1980, the Nuclear Energy Agency's Seabed Working Group selected the Madeira Abyssal Plain as a site for the possible disposal of heat-emitting radioactive waste. Even though this concept was later abandoned, it resulted in this region being the location for intensive studies of its bathymetry, geology, oceanography, and biota. Since the 1980s, the Madeira Abyssal Plain has been studied in detail by the Ocean Drilling Program and research concerning the Moroccan Turbidite System.
Geology
An average of of exclusively deep-sea sediments, resting upon oceanic crust, underlies the Madeira Abyssal Plain. Seismic reflection profiles across the Canary Basin and Madeira Abyssal Plain reveal north-northeast – south-southwest ridge and trough terrain typical of oceanic crust and west-northwest – east-southeast striking fracture zone valleys that are spaced about part. Because most of the Madeira Abyssal Plain lies within the Cretaceous Superchron, the oceanic crust underlying it cannot be precisely dated by magnetic striping. However, interpolation between recognised magnetic stripes estimated an age range of about 75 to 105 Ma for the oceanic crust underlying the central sub-basin.
Immediately overlying the oceanic crust is a layer of hemipelagic sediments. These sediments average in thickness and are expected to consist predominantly of hemipelagic clay.
Overlying the hemipelagic sediments, are alternating turbidites and thin beds of pelagic sediment. These sediments initially in filled irregularities on the uneven surface of the heimipelagic sediments to produce a flat plain that later turbidites accumulated. The total thickness of turbidites that have accumulated averages in thickness. In a few deep troughs within the oceanic crust, the total thickness of turbidites may reach . In seismic reflection, the sequence of turbidites varies from being strongly acoustically laminated near the top to poorly stratified to transparent near the base. An individual turbidite often consists of of sediment spread across the entire Madeira Abyssal Plain. It is typically fine-grained, except in the proximal parts of the plain. The deposition of a typical turbidite causes little or no erosion of the underlying bed. A thin bed of fine-grained, pelagic sediment typically separates successive turbidites.
Based upon composition, the turbidites have been divided into three groups. First, there are a group of organic-rich turbidites. These turbidites represent organic-rich sediments that turbidity currents transported from two sources, one north and one south of the Canary Islands. These turbidites are typically bicolored turbidite units. Their base is usually olive green where the organic material remains below surface oxidation and their upper part is pale green where the organic material has been oxidized. Second, there are volcanic turbidites composed largely of sediment derived from either volcanic seamounts or islands. These turbidites represent the distal sediments of turbidity currents generated by massive submarine landslides resulting from the collapse of the flanks of volcanic seamounts or islands within either the Canary islands or Madeira Archipelago. Finally, there are calcareous turbidites derived from submarine landslides effecting one of the Seewarte Seamounts to the west of the Madeira Abyssal Plain.
Thin pelagic layers separated individual turbidites. As determined by microfossils, each individual layer often represents several tens of thousands of years of pelagic sedimentation in a deep sea, abyssal environment. Depending on the carbonate compensation depth at the time of deposition, these layers consist either of calcareous ooze, marls, or clay. During the last 2.6 million years within the region of the Madeira Abyssal Plain, carbonate compensation depth has been closely controlled by the general circulation of ocean currents and has oscillated in phase with climatic shifts. During interglacial periods, the carbonate compensation depth was quite deep. This allowed for the preservation of calcareous microfossils, e.g. foraminifera and coccoliths, in the Madeira Abyssal Plain and the formation of calcareous ooze. Conversely, during glacial periods, and prior to 2.6 million years ago, the carbonate compensation depth was shallower. This lead either to poor preservation of calcareous microfossils and frequently no preservation of them at all and, respectively, the accumulation of either marl or clay to form pelagic layers.
References
Abyssal plains
Landforms of the Atlantic Ocean
Clarke County is located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 116,714. Its county seat is Athens, with which it is a consolidated city-county.
Clarke County is included in the Athens-Clarke County, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs, GA Combined Statistical Area.
History
Clarke County was created in 1801 by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on December 5. It was named for Revolutionary War hero Elijah Clarke and included that was formerly part of Jackson County. Colonel Clarke played a leading role the 1779 victory at the Battle of Kettle Creek in Wilkes County. The Elijah Clarke Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution erected a monument to him in Broad Street in Athens.
As the population of the county grew in the early 19th century, its agricultural and cotton industries prospered. The adjacent plantation harvests flowed through city mills. Manufacturing and textile production operations were the major industries in Clarke County, especially after the railroad reached Athens in 1841. Athens and Clarke County were second only to Savannah and Chatham County in the amount of capital invested in manufacturing in the 1840s.
Two skirmishes were fought in Clarke County in 1864, during the American Civil War, one near Barber's Creek and the other near Mitchell's Road. Athens was occupied by the Union Army on May 29 and a provost-marshal took charge. Formal military occupation of the ended by December 1864, though Union troops remained in the county until early 1866.
In 1801 the Clarke County Commission had selected Watkinsville (now in Oconee County) as the county seat. All county offices, including the courts and jail, moved to Athens when the seat was moved on November 24, 1871. County meetings took place in the old Athens town hall, until a new courthouse was constructed in 1876. The present courthouse was built in 1914.
On February 12, 1875, in response to complaints over the relocation of the county seat to Athens, the state legislature created Oconee County from the southwestern portion of Clarke County, making Watkinsville its seat. Clarke County thus lost one-third of its population and three-fifths of its land area.
The position of "commissioner of roads and revenue" was created by the legislature for what are today known as county commissioners. As an extension of the state, the county would conduct welfare and health programs, build and maintain roads, and hold courts of law.
On March 29, 1973, the Georgia legislature increased the number of county commissioners from 3 to 5, also adding a county administrator.
In 1990, the residents voted to unify the city and county governments creating Athens-Clarke County, the second (after Columbus-Muscogee County) unified city-county government in the State of Georgia.
Geography
Clarke County is located at . The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state.
The vast majority of Clarke County is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin, with a very small portion of the county's eastern edge, north of Winterville, located in the Broad River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water. It is the smallest county by area in Georgia.
Adjacent counties
Madison County, Georgia - northeast
Oglethorpe County, Georgia - southeast
Oconee County, Georgia - southwest
Barrow County, Georgia - west
Jackson County, Georgia - northwest
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 29
U.S. Route 78
U.S. Route 78 Business
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 441
State Route 8
State Route 10
State Route 10 Loop
State Route 15
State Route 15 Alternate
State Route 72
State Route 422 (unsigned designation for State Route 10 Loop)
Pedestrians and cycling
Athens North Oconee River Greenway
Firefly Trail
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 101,489 people, 39,706 households, and 19,694 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 42,126 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 64.89% White, 27.25% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 3.13% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 3.08% from other races, and 1.41% from two or more races. 6.34% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 39,706 households, out of which 22.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.60% were married couples living together, 13.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.40% were non-families. 29.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 17.80% under the age of 18, 31.30% from 18 to 24, 27.40% from 25 to 44, 15.40% from 45 to 64, and 8.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.20 males.
The per capita income in the county was $20,948 in 2008, and the median income for a family was $36,039. Males had a median income of $30,482 versus $23,069 for females. In 2008, 32.2% of the county's population were living below the poverty line. As a result, Clarke ranked #4 on City Data's list of "Top 101 cities with the highest percentage of residents living in poverty in 2007".
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 116,714 people, 45,414 households, and 22,044 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 51,068 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 61.9% white, 26.6% black or African American, 4.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 4.9% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 10.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 10.9% were English, 9.9% were German, 9.0% were Irish, and 6.6% were American.
Of the 45,414 households, 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.3% were married couples living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 51.5% were non-families, and 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.00. The median age was 25.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,253 and the median income for a family was $51,687. Males had a median income of $37,896 versus $30,574 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,839. About 16.6% of families and 33.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 35.2% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 128,671 people, 52,124 households, and 24,041 families residing in the county.
Education
Politics
Clarke County has long been a Democratic Party stronghold in presidential elections. This predates the recent trend of Democratic gains in counties dominated by large universities. It has only backed the Republican candidate in three presidential elections, the fiercely divided realigning election of 1968 and the 49-state landslides of 1972 and 1984.
Communities
Athens (county seat)
Bogart
Winterville
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clarke County, Georgia
References
External links
Athens - Clarke County Guide
Athens Historic Newspapers Archive in the Digital Library of Georgia
Documents from Clarke County at the Digital Library of Georgia
Clarke County historical marker
1801 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Athens – Clarke County metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1801
The Nash Rocky Mount Early College is a 9–13 public high school in Rocky Mount, North Carolina, United States.
Students attending the early college attend for either four or five years, instead of just the traditional four. However, instead of receiving just a high school diploma, they also get a two-year associate degree or two years of college transfer credit.
References
Public high schools in North Carolina
Schools in Nash County, North Carolina
John or Jack Henry may refer to:
John Henry (folklore), the folklore character and subject of eponymous ballad
People
Politicians
John Henry, Margrave of Moravia (1322–1375), Royal family member of the Holy Roman Empire
John Henry (Maryland politician) (1750–1798), U.S. senator from and governor of Maryland
John Vernon Henry (1767–1829), American politician, New York State comptroller
John Flournoy Henry (1793–1873), U.S. representative from Kentucky
John Franklin Henry Mississippi state representative
John Henry (representative) (1800–1882), U.S. representative from Illinois
John Snowdon Henry (1824–1896), British politician from South-East Lancashire
J. L. Henry (John Lane Henry, 1831–1907), Supreme Court of Texas judge
John Henry (Australian politician) (1834–1912), Tasmanian House of Assembly member and treasurer of Tasmania
Prince Johannes Heinrich of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (1931–2010), Hungarian prince
John Henry (Ontario politician) (born 1960), Canadian politician, mayor of Oshawa, Ontario
John Henry (Cook Islands politician), Cook Islander politician
Sportsmen
John Henry (outfielder/pitcher) (1863–1939), American baseball outfielder/pitcher
John Henry (catcher) (1889–1941), American baseball catcher
Jack Henry (footballer, born 1921) (1921–2004), Australian rules footballer for Essendon
Jack Henry (American football) (fl. 1990s), American football player and coach
John Henry (footballer) (born 1971), Scottish footballer
Jack Henry (footballer, born 1998), Australian rules footballer for Geelong
Other people
John Henry (actor) (1738–1794), Irish and early American actor
John Joseph Henry (1758–1811), American Revolutionary War soldier
John Henry (spy) (c. 1776–1853), British spy
Seán Ó hEinirí (1915–1998), known in English as John Henry, Irish storyteller and last known monolingual speaker of the Irish language
Jack Henry (industrialist) (1917–2003), New Zealand industrialist
Don Marion Davis (1917–2020), American former child actor known as John Henry Jr.
John Henry (judge) (born c.1933), New Zealand jurist
John Henry (toxicologist) (1939–2007), English toxicologist
John Raymond Henry (born 1943), American sculptor
John Ruthell Henry (1951–2014), American serial killer
John W. Henry (born 1949), American businessman and owner of sports teams
John B. Henry Jr., United States Air Force general
John Henry (born c. 1972), American vocalist in the band The Darkest Hour
John Henry, a stage name of British comedian Norman Clapham (1879–1934)
Jon Henri, a pseudonym used by American cartoonist Joe Simon
In art, media, and entertainment
Characters
John Henry, a character/ stage name of the comedian Norman Clapham, popular in BBC radio in the 1920s
John Henry, character in the 2006 comic series The Transformers: Evolutions
John Henry, character in the Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles science-fiction TV series
John Henry (DC Comics), alter ego of John Wilson, character in DC Comics
Steel (John Henry Irons), character from DC Comics, more commonly known as the superhero Steel
Film
John Henry, a character in the 1963 film All the Way Home
John Henry (2000 film), a short film in the Disney's American Legends series
John Henry (2020 film), a dramatic thriller film starring Terry Crews and Ludacris
Literature
John Henry (novel), a 1931 novel by Roark Bradford
John Henry, an American Legend (1971), a children's book by Ezra Jack Keats
John Henry (picture book) (1994) a children's picture book by Julius Lester
Music
John Henry (album), a 1994 album by They Might Be Giants
"John Henry" or "John Henry Blues", a song recorded by DeFord Bailey
John Henry (musical), a 1940 Broadway musical based on the 1931 novel
Other uses
John Henry (horse) (1975–2007), American Thoroughbred race horse
Jack Henry & Associates, an American information technology company
John Henry, an American brand of clothing, originated by Henry Grethel, now owned by Perry Ellis International
See also
John Hemry
John Henryism, a psychological term for a type of coping behaviours
Jin County or Jinxian may refer to:
Jinzhou, Hebei, formerly Jin County (晋县)
Jinzhou District, Dalian, Liaoning, formerly Jin County (金县)
Linghai, Liaoning, formerly Jin County (锦县)
See also
Jing County (disambiguation)
Jinxian County
Stephen Edwin Chandler (November 20, 1841 to February 1, 1919) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War. Chandler received the country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action at Amelia Springs, Virginia on 5 April 1865. He was honored with the award on 4 April 1898.
Biography
Chandler was born in Battle Creek, Michigan on November 20, 1841. He initially joined the 24th New York Infantry in May 1861, and mustered out with this regiment in May 1863. He re-enlisted with the 24th New York Cavalry in October 1863, and was promoted to Quartermaster Sergeant two months later. He was transferred to the 1st New York Provisional Cavalry in June 1865, he mustered out again the following month. Chandler died on February 1, 1919 and his remains are interred at the Lakewood Cemetery in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Medal of Honor citation
See also
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: A–F
References
1841 births
1919 deaths
People of Michigan in the American Civil War
People of New York (state) in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
The Ohio Department of Natural Resources Division of Forestry manages 23 state forests.
Ohio state forests
See also
List of U.S. National Forests
Protected areas of Ohio
Southern Great Lakes forests
References
External links
Ohio Dept of Natural Resources Division of Forestry Overview of the Division
Ohio
State forests
8-Mercaptoquinoline is the organosulfur compound with the formula C9H7NSH. It is a derivative of the heterocycle quinoline, substituted in the 8-position with a thiol group. The compound is an analog of 8-hydroxyquinoline, a common chelating agent. The compound is a colorless solid.
References
Thiols
Quinolines
Karaisa, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
The 2021–22 Southside Flyers season is the 30th season for the franchise in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).
Roster
Standings
Results
Regular season
Notes
Southside's Round 11 game against the Canberra Capitals was a loss by forfeit.
References
External links
Southside Flyers Official website
2021–22 WNBL season
WNBL seasons by team
Basketball,Southside Flyers
2021 in basketball
2021 in women's basketball
2021–22 in Australian basketball
Gümüşgöze, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Nemacerota sejilaa is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Zhao-Hui Pan, Gábor Ronkay, László Ronkay and Hui-Lin Han in 2014. It is found in Tibet, China.
The wingspan is 42–46 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is silvery ash grey with a thin black basal band. The subbasal line is double, waved and dark grey filled with ground colour. The antemedial line is black, defined by red scales and double and the median line is rather indistinct, shadow-like and grey. The hindwings are lighter pale whitish grey with a fine ochreous-pinkish hue. Adults are on wing from late July to late August.
Etymology
The species name refers to Mt. Sejila, the type locality.
References
Moths described in 2014
Thyatirinae
Analogy is a cognitive process of transferring information or meaning from a particular subject to another.
Analogy may also refer to:
Analogy (album), an album released in 1972 by the band Analogy
Analogy (band), a German and Italian rock band active in the 1970s
Analogy (biology), a similarity of trait or organ in two unrelated organisms
See also
Analog (disambiguation)
The Origin-12 is a semi-automatic magazine-fed combat shotgun, developed by Fostech Outdoors, which has been noted for its very high rate of fire.
Like the Saiga-12 and Vepr-12, the Origin-12 is primarily based on the AK action.
Design
The Origin-12 is a semi-automatic shotgun derived partly from the Saiga-12 shotgun, which was itself derived from the AK. To improve user accuracy, the Origin features a large ejection port, and an adjustable gas system. The Origin uses proprietary magazines to ensure reliability, compared to the Saiga, whose magazines were described as its "weakest link." The Origin's receiver cover and forend are made from polymer, which helps to reduce weight. The Origin's upper receiver can be removed, allowing for switching between the regular and short barrel variant. Both versions are compatible with a SilencerCo SALVO suppressor.
Variants
Origin 12 SBV (Short Barreled Variant) — A variant of the Origin 12, which ceased production in 2019, when the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives declared it a Title II weapon, making unregistered possession of the weapon a violation of the National Firearms Act (NFA). In response, Fostech allowed people who had purchased the SBV to send it to the company, and have it replaced either with the short barrel or full-length Origin 12.
Origin 12 Short Barrel Shotgun — A short barrel variant of the Origin 12, with a barrel, and a side-folding stock, which when folded, gives the weapon a length similar to the Uzi.
Origin 12 SABS (Semi-Automatic Breaching Shotgun) — A breaching variant of the Origin 12, classified as an Any Other Weapon by the NFA.
References
Kalashnikov derivatives
Semi-automatic shotguns of the United States
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 2013
The Iso Lele (or Iso Rivolta Lele) is a grand tourer that was produced by the Italian automobile manufacturer Iso Automoveicoli S.p.A. between 1969 and 1974. The Lele, being a 2+2-seater, filled the gap between the Grifo and the Fidia while sharing its powertrain with its siblings. The styling was done by Marcello Gandini of Bertone. The car is named after Lele Rivolta, wife of Piero Rivolta (son of Iso company founder Renzo).
History and overview
Meant as a Christmas present for Piere Rivolta's wife Rachelle (LeLe) Rivolta, it was decided to put the car into production to succeed the IR 300. It was first presented to the public at the 1969 New York International Auto Show and was made to compete against the Lamborghini Espada. The car was initially powered by a General Motors V8 and was available with a 4-speed manual (later a 5-speed unit from ZF Friedrichshafen) and a 4-speed automatic transmission sourced from General Motors. In 1972, after about 125 cars had been produced, General Motors demanded that Iso pay in advance for the engines. Iso chose to replace the Chevrolet engine with Ford's Cleveland V8 rated at . The automatic transmission was also sourced from Ford, while the manual transmission remained unchanged.
The chassis was the same Bizzarrini designed unit which had found use in Iso automobiles since the IR 300. It had an unequal-length double-wishbones front suspension with coil springs while the rear suspension consisted of a de Dion layout with a Salisbury axle unit. Disc brakes were used on all four wheels and were mounted inboard on the chassis.
The de Dion unit worked with radius rods, which moved the de Dion tube forward. A Panhard rod ensured forward and backward movement of the de Dion tube. Telescopic shock absorbers and coil springs completed the unit. The Lele came with a ZF power steering which was the same unit used by Maserati and Campagnolo alloy wheels, wrapped in 215/70 VP15 Michelin XWX tyres.
The interior was upholstered in leather and came with creature comforts like air conditioning and electric windows along with plush carpeting. The speedometer and tachometer were placed behind the steering column while an additional four gauges were present on the centre console which consisted of an ammeter, fuel gauge and water and oil temperature gauges. The car came with a hidden headlamp styling with popup covers partially covering the quad headlamp units when not in use.
In 1973, the standard version (now known as Lele IR6) was joined by the Lele IR6 Sport, with an engine modified to generate and only available mated to the ZF 5-speed transmission. The engine had a compression ratio of 8.6:1, had a bore and stroke of 101.6 x 88.9 mm and had a redline of 5,800 rpm. It was based on two bespoke versions made for Iso-Marlboro Formula One team drivers Howden Ganley and Nanni Galli. The variant featured removal of sound deadening components, a new dashboard and engine modifications.
The angular Gandini styled body and the comfortable nature of the car did little to help sales and only 285 cars were made. About 160 Ford-engined Leles had been built by the time production wound up in 1974 due to Iso's bankruptcy.
Lele IR6 Marlboro
Following the agreement with Philip Morris that led to the creation of the Iso-Marlboro brand in Formula 1, Philip Morris commissioned Iso to construct two specially modified Leles for their Formula 1 Team Drivers. Modified by Bizzarrini these two cars were stripped of creature comforts to reduce weight. The cars had subtle differences from each other and no car was identical. The cars, which were made for drivers Howden Ganley and Nanni Galli, had a unique dash layout that did not appear on any other Lele. Bizzarrini then modified the 351 Cobra Jet engine which was now rated at . Painted in Marlboro Red with Marlboro badges on the front fenders Ganley's car debuted on the Iso Rivolta stand at the 1973 Geneva Auto Show. Galli's car was painted in white. The exterior styling cues from these two cars were used to develop the Lele Sport which also had a modified version of their dash layout. Philip Morris also commissioned at least two more cars for promotional purposes to resemble the Marlboro cars given to its drivers, called the Marlboro Replicas. These cars were essentially Lele Sports with Marlboro badges on the fenders. They also retained the creature comforts removed from the original Marlboro cars.
Production
A breakup of total production of 285 units is as follows:
Lele 300 hp (Chevrolet): 112
Lele 350 hp (Chevrolet): 13
Lele IR6 325 hp (Ford): 135
Lele IR6 Sport 360 hp (Ford): 20, including 3 Marlboro replicas)
''Lele IR6 Marlboro (Ford): 2
References
Lele
1970s cars
Cars introduced in 1969
Grand tourers
Bertone vehicles
New World Records is a record label that was established in 1975 through a Rockefeller Foundation grant to celebrate America's bicentennial (1976) by producing a 100-LP anthology, with American music from many genres.
In addition to this project, after 1978 New World produced new jazz by Roy Eldridge, Ricky Ford, Earl Hines, Steve Kuhn, Jay McShann, Jimmy Rushing, Buddy Tate, and Cecil Taylor.
New World has released over 400 albums by a variety of artists with diverse musical backgrounds, including jazz, classical music, experimental, popular song, and traditional music. Notable releases in the label's catalogue include the Grammy Award-winning releases of Samuel Barber's opera Antony and Cleopatra in 1984; Leonard Bernstein's operetta Candide in 1986; and Ned Rorem's String Symphony/Sunday Morning/Eagles in 1989.
New World's CRI and CRL catalog was transferred to the digital domain by George Blood Audio and Video of Philadelphia from 2006 to 2010.
References
External links
Official site
Record labels established in 1975
Jazz record labels
American independent record labels
Experimental music record labels
Classical music record labels
1975 establishments in the United States
Guam sent a four-member delegation to the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta, Canada from 13 to 28 February 1988. This is, as of 2022, Guam's only appearance in the Winter Olympic Games. The Guam delegation included only one athlete biathlete, Judd Bankert, who became Guam's first Olympic athlete. In his only event, the sprint, Bankert finished in 71st out of 72 competitors.
Background
The Guam National Olympic Committee was recognized by the International Olympic Committee on 1 January 1986. The 1988 Winter Olympics were therefore their debut in Olympic competition; and Judd Bankert the territory's first Olympic athlete. Guam has gone on to participate in every Summer Olympic Games since the 1988 Seoul Olympics, but has yet to make a return trip to the Winter Olympic Games. The 1988 Winter Olympics were held in Calgary, Alberta, Canada from 13 to 28 February 1988; a total of 1,423 athletes representing 57 National Olympic Committees took part. The Guamian four member delegation included only a single biathlete, Judd Bankert, who was selected as the flag-bearer for the opening ceremony.
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors in the Games.
Biathlon
Judd Bankert was 38 years old at the time of the Calgary Olympics. He was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan and had moved to Guam in 1981. He had suffered a hip fracture in a fall six year earlier and was able to train on skis only four months before the Games. Bankert was the first ever Olympian to represent Guam. On 23 February, he took part in the sprint race, a 10-kilometer race with two shooting rounds. Each missed shot required an athlete to ski a 150-meter penalty loop. Bankert missed four out of five targets in each of the shooting rounds, meaning he had to ski a total of eight penalties loops; he finished the race in 45 minutes and 37.1 seconds. This put him in 71st place out of 72 competitors who finished the race. Frank-Peter Roetsch of East Germany won the gold medal in a time of 25 minutes and 8.1 seconds; the silver and bronze medals were both won by biathletes from the Soviet Union, Valeriy Medvedtsev and Sergei Tchepikov respectively.
See also
Guam at the 1988 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 1988 Winter Olympics
1988
Olympic
Olympius (died 652) was an Exarch of Ravenna (649–652). Prior to his term as exarch, Olympius was an imperial chamberlain at Constantinople.
In 649, according to the Liber Pontificalis, the Byzantine Emperor Constans II ordered Olympius to arrest Pope Martin I on the grounds that the pope's election had not been submitted to the emperor for approval. Constans was upset with Martin's condemnation of the Monothelite heresy; he feared that it would resurrect the religious conflict that had plagued the empire. Olympius attempted to gain the support of the citizenry of Rome, as well as the bishops; he also allegedly considered ordering the assassination of Martin. None of his actions, however, met with much success.
Eventually Olympius decided to switch his allegiance and sided with the Pope, simultaneously declaring himself emperor. He marched into Sicily in 652, either to fight the Saracens or the local Byzantine forces. His army was stricken by an unknown disease, which killed Olympius that same year.
References
Further reading
A. N. Stratos, "The Exarch Olympius and the Supposed Arab Invasion of Sicily in A.D. 652", Jahrbuch der Österreichischen Byzantinistik, 25 (1976), 63-73.
External links
652 deaths
7th-century exarchs of Ravenna
Byzantine usurpers
Year of birth unknown
Trammel is an unincorporated community in Dickenson County, Virginia, United States. Trammel is located along Virginia State Route 63 north of St. Paul. Trammel had a post office with ZIP code 24289 from October 8, 1919, to November 16, 2002; the community is now part of ZIP code 24237.
Trammel was first settled by a farmer named Hiram Keith. The first school in Trammel, known as the Delphia School, opened in 1898; a new schoolhouse was built for the school in 1924. The Carolina, Clinchfield and Ohio Railway began building a line through Dickenson County in 1913 and drove the last spike in Trammel in 1915; service to the community began in 1916.
Coal mining was the primary industry at Trammel in the 1920s.
References
Unincorporated communities in Dickenson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Westringia dampieri, commonly known as shore westringia, is a flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae, it grows in South Australia and Western Australia. It is a small, dense shrub with white, mauve, cream or purple flowers.
Description
Westringia dampieri is a small shrub with more or less circular stems in cross-section. The leaves are simple, arranged in whorls, long and wide with simple surface hairs. The corolla may be cream, white, purple or mauve, markings in the throat, long, simple hairs and on a pedicel long. The calyx is moderately thick, has five lobes long and simple hairs. Flowering occurs in late summer, winter and early to mid spring.
Taxonomy naming
Westringia dampieri was first formally described in 1810 by Scottish botanist Robert Brown based on specimens collected at King George Sound and the description was published in Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen. The name has been misapplied to Westringia eremicola and Westringia senifolia. The specific epithet (dampieri) was named in honour of William Dampier.
Distribution and habitat
Shore westringia grows mostly on sandy soils in coastal locations or nearby on the west coast and south coast of Western Australia.
References
dampieri
Eudicots of Western Australia
Flora of South Australia
Sanyuan Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8 and Line 9.
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Tanu may refer to:
People
Malietoa Tanumafili I (1879–1939), Samoan prince
Tanu Nona (1902–1980), Australian pearler and politician
Tanu Roy (born 1980), Indian actress and model
Tanu (born 1997), a Finnish/Assyrian rapper
Places
Tanganyika African National Union (TANU)
Tanu (Haida village), a village of the Haida people on Haida Gwaii, British Columbia, Canada
Tanu, Canada, a National Historic Site of Canada in British Columbia
Tanu, Sarawak, Malaysia, a town near Tusor
Tanu Forest Park, Gambia
Other uses
A tanu (The Witness), a 1969 Hungarian film
CCGS Tanu, a Canadian fisheries patrol vessel
Pseudophilautus tanu, a frog of the family Rhacophoridae
Tanu, a character in the children's fantasy novel Fablehaven by Brandon Mull
The Tanu, a race from the Saga of Pliocene Exile book series by Julian May
See also
Le Tanu, a commune in the Manche department, France
Tanu Rud (disambiguation)
Tanus (disambiguation)
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Chowk is a chowk, located in Katra Gulab Singh Tiraha, Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Landmarks
A statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel is located in this chowk.
References
Pratapgarh district, Uttar Pradesh
Memorials to Vallabhbhai Patel
Gintaras is a Lithuanian masculine given name and may refer to:
Gintaras Ambraska (born 1975), Lithuanian judoka
Gintaras Andriuškevičius (born 1975), Lithuanian race walker
Gintaras Beresnevičius (1961–2006), Lithuanian historian of religions specializing in Baltic mythology
Gintaras Didžiokas (born 1966), Lithuanian politician and Member of the European Parliament
Gintaras Einikis (born 1969), retired Lithuanian professional basketball player
Gintaras Janusevicius (born 1985), Lithuanian pianist
Gintaras Kantvilas (born 1956), Tasmanian lichenologist
Gintaras Karosas (born 1968), artist, founder and President of the non-profit organisation Europos parkas
Gintaras Krapikas (born 1961), retired Lithuanian basketball player for Žalgiris Kaunas
Gintaras Rinkevicius (born 1960), Lithuanian conductor, awarded the Lithuanian National Prize for Culture and Arts in 1994
Gintaras Sodeika (born 1961), Lithuanian painter
Gintaras Staučė (born 1969), Lithuanian footballer and goalkeeping coach
Lithuanian masculine given names
Lynsey Reeve Clarke maiden name Lynsey Armitage (born 6 December 1983 in Pontefract, West Yorkshire, England) is an Australian lawn bowler.
Bowls career
World Championship
In 2008 she won a gold in the fours and team event and a bronze medal in the pairs at the 2008 World Outdoor Bowls Championship. The success continued in the 2012 World Outdoor Bowls Championship winning another gold medal in the triples and team events.
In 2020 she was selected for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship in Australia.
Commonwealth Games
She competed in the 2006 Commonwealth Games Pairs competition with Karen Murphy and won the gold medal. In 2014 under her married name of Clarke she competed in the Women's triples at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where she won a silver medal.
In 2022, she competed in the women's triples and the Women's fours at the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
Asia Pacific
Clarke has won nine medals at the Asia Pacific Bowls Championships (two of which were in her maiden name of Armitage). The medal haul includes four gold medals, the latest at the 2019 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships in the Gold Coast, Queensland.
National
In 2017 she won the pairs and fours titles at the Australian National Bowls Championships and in 2021, she won her 8th & 9th Australian Open crown, this time in the pairs and fours.
References
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pontefract
Australian female bowls players
Bowls players at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Bowls players at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Bowls World Champions
Whitneyville is a neighborhood in the southeastern portion of the town of Hamden, Connecticut. It started in the early nineteenth century as a factory town for workers in Eli Whitney's gun factory. Around the turn of the twentieth century, it evolved into a trolley suburb of New Haven. Today it is primarily residential, with a mixture of single-family homes and small apartment and condominium buildings. There is some commercial development centered around the intersection of Whitney and Putnam avenues.
There are no officially established boundaries for the neighborhood. One map has it bounded on the north by the northern part of Lake Whitney and Waite Street, on the east by Hartford Turnpike and the Mill River, on the south by the New Haven city line, and on the west by parts of Newhall Street, Putnam Avenue, and Farmington Canal Heritage Trail. The census tract with GEOID 09009165400, corresponding closely to these boundaries, had a population of 5,112, as of the 2010 census.
History
Several grist mills were established in what is now the neighborhood as early as 1640. Eli Whitney chose a mill at the base of East Rock, with water power from the Mill River, as the site of his gun factory in 1798, and built a boarding house for unmarried workers nearby, establishing the village of Whitneyville.
In 1860 Whitney's son, Eli Whitney Jr., completely rebuilt the factory and increased the height of the mill dam. This provided more water power and created Lake Whitney, the first municipal water supply for New Haven. He was also a financial supporter of Whitneyville Congregational Church, almost a mile north of the factory, and the neighborhood center began to shift there. By 1900 the electric trolley line from New Haven reached Whitneyville, leading to the subdivision of surrounding land for residential development. The neighborhood street network was substantially complete by 1927. Houses continued to be built well into the twentieth century, notably several distinctive modern homes on Deepwood Drive, and the last house in which playwright Thornton Wilder lived.
Historic sites
These locations in the neighborhood are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:
Edgerton Park
Farmington Canal (part)
Pistol Factory Dwelling
Eli Whitney Gun Factory
Whitneyville Congregational Church
Government
The Town of Hamden provides all municipal services for the neighborhood. It is located in Connecticut's 3rd congressional district. Most of the neighborhood is in the 11th state senate district, with a small western portion in the 17th, and most of it is in the 91st state house district, with a small western portion in the 94th. It is in the 5th district of the town legislative council. It is served by the Whitneyville post office with ZIP code 06517.
Transportation
Whitney Avenue extends north and south through the neighborhood with Putnam Avenue extending to the west from Whitney. The nearest expressway interchanges are on the Wilbur Cross Parkway (Route 15) in Hamden or I-91 in New Haven.
CT Transit operates the 228 and 229 bus routes on Whitney Avenue and the 234 route on Putnam Avenue and several other neighborhood streets.
Farmington Canal Greenway, a segment of East Coast Greenway, extends along the western edge of Whitneyville with an entrance on Putnam Avenue.
Education
Educational facilities in the neighborhood include Hamden Hall Country Day School, a private, coeducational school for prekindergarten to grade 12, and the Children's Center of Hamden, a residential facility for children and teenagers with learning disabilities and other challenges. The central offices of the Hamden public schools are located in the former Putnam Avenue School building.
A small portion of the campus of Albertus Magnus College in New Haven extends into the neighborhood.
Recreation
There are two town parks in the neighborhood. DeNicola Park has a playground, multisport field, and basketball courts. Villano Park has a playground, splash pad, multisport field, and basketball and tennis courts. The adjoining Rochford Field has baseball and softball fields used by Albertus Magnus.
References
External links
Whitneyville Civic Association
Hamden, Connecticut
Neighborhoods in Connecticut
Gary Jardine (born ca. 1977) is a Scottish former football player and current manager of Lowland Football League club Civil Service Strollers.
He was previously manager of Edinburgh City from 2010 until 2017, winning promotion to the Scottish Professional Football League in 2016. He previously played for the club, as well as Armadale Thistle.
Playing career
Jardine played junior football for Armadale Thistle. He joined Edinburgh City in 2004, but shortly afterwards his playing career was curtailed at the age of 26 when he broke his ankle in a friendly match against a Manchester United XI.
Management career
Jardine became Edinburgh City manager in 2010, initially jointly with John Green. At the end of the 2015–16 season, Jardine guided Edinburgh City into the Scottish Professional Football League after defeating East Stirlingshire over two-legs, making Edinburgh City the first club to be promoted to Scottish League Two through the SPFL's play-off system which was introduced for the 2014–15 season. After a difficult start to the club's second season in the SPFL, Jardine resigned from his position on 30 September 2017, after a 3–0 loss left the side ninth in the league.
In December 2017, Jardine was assisting Civil Service Strollers manager Alex Cunningham by taking training sessions. Cunningham said in February 2018 that Jardine would become the team manager at the end of the season.
On 23 May 2018, Jardine was appointed new manager of Civil Service Strollers.
Honours
Edinburgh City
Lowland Football League (2) : 2014–15, 2015–16
East of Scotland League Cup: 2012–13
Scottish League Two play-offs: 2015–16
Managerial statistics
Stats starting from 2014 to 2015 season.
References
External links
Living people
Scottish football managers
Scottish footballers
Scottish Professional Football League managers
F.C. Edinburgh managers
Date of birth unknown
Place of birth missing (living people)
1970s births
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Armadale Thistle F.C. players
F.C. Edinburgh players
Association footballers not categorized by position
Lowland Football League managers
Mount Verd is a small unincorporated community in McMinn County, Tennessee, northwest of the city of Athens. Mt. Verd is home to the Mt. Verd Baptist Church.
References
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in McMinn County, Tennessee
George Robert Charles Herbert, 13th Earl of Pembroke, 10th Earl of Montgomery (6 July 1850 – 3 May 1895), known as The Lord Herbert of Lea from 1861 to 1862, was a British Conservative politician. He was Under-Secretary of State for War under Benjamin Disraeli between 1874 and 1875.
Background
Pembroke was the eldest son of Sidney Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Lea, only son of George Augustus Herbert, 11th Earl of Pembroke, by his second wife Catherine (née Countess Woronzow). His mother was Elizabeth Herbert, Baroness Herbert of Lea, daughter of Lieutenant-General Charles Ashe A'Court. He succeeded his father in the barony of Herbert of Lea in 1861 and the following year he inherited the earldom of Pembroke on the death of his uncle.
Political career
Pembroke served as Under-Secretary of State for War from 1874 to 1875 in the second Conservative administration of Benjamin Disraeli.
Lord Pembroke never accepted office again, and rarely spoke in the House of Lords, but he continued to take a keen interest in public affairs, both imperial and domestic, and communicated his views, through various periodicals and by speeches in the country, upon Ireland, the land question, imperial defence, and the navy.
He took a leading part in the volunteer movement, holding a commission for upwards of twenty years, and commanding the South Wilts battalion until within a few months of his death.
He believed firmly in the advantage of technical instruction, and gave practical proof thereof by building and endowing the Pembroke technical school near Dublin.
Lord Pembroke was a good sportsman, having been first a master of harriers for many years, and later of foxhounds; but a bad fall put an end to his hunting, and latterly he spent much of his time afloat, yachting and boat-sailing.
Family
Lord Pembroke married Lady Gertrude Frances, daughter of Henry Chetwynd-Talbot, 18th Earl of Shrewsbury, in 1874. He died in Frankfurt on 3 May 1895, aged 44, and was succeeded in his titles by his younger brother the Honourable Sidney Herbert. The Countess of Pembroke died in September 1906, aged 66.
References
Further reading
Ellenberger, Nancy W. Balfour's World: Aristocracy and Political Culture at the Fin de Siècle (2015). excerpt
1850 births
1895 deaths
George Herbert, 13th Earl of Pembroke
13
George
Earls in the Peerage of England
British people of Russian descent
Members of Wiltshire County Council
Eldest sons of British hereditary barons
C.I.D. Nazir is a 1971 Indian Malayalam -language detective film, directed and produced by P. Venu. The film stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, Adoor Bhasi and Jose Prakash in the lead roles. The film was scored by M. K. Arjunan.
The film is considered to be one of the first detective movies in Malayalam and is now considered to be a classic in Malayalam cinema. The film is also one of Prem Nazir's best known works. The film was largely inspired by the 1968 Kannada blockbuster Jedara Bale which was itself based on the James Bond Franchise. The film later had a sequel titled Taxi Car (1977). The 1994 superhit CID Unnikrishnan B.A., B.Ed. was made as a homage to this film.
Premise
When CID officer Chandran, who is working on a tedious case, is murdered, officer Nazir is called in to take over his case and also nab Chandran's murderers.
Cast
Prem Nazir as CID Nazir
Jayabharathi as Shanthi
Adoor Bhasi as Bhasi
Jose Prakash
Sreelatha Namboothiri as Sreelatha
Francis
Raghavan
T. S. Muthaiah
Mancheri Chandran
Rajan
Bahadoor
Girish Kumar
K. P. Ummer
Nellikode Bhaskaran
Sadhana as Lovely/Radha
Soundtrack
Box office
The film was a commercial success.
Sequel
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
CIDNazir1
Films directed by P. Venu
Otto Kaller (28 June 1907 – April 1985) was an Austrian international footballer.
References
1907 births
1985 deaths
Association football midfielders
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
First Vienna FC players
A Dozen and One Adventures is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy tabletop role-playing game, published in 1993.
Contents
A Dozen and One Adventures includes thirteen short adventures, featuring weird bathhouses, deceptive ghouls, amorous succubi, passionate genies, raucous merriment with desert riders, the sacred salt bond between host and guest, a boasting contest, a mummified talking head in the Hall of Lost Kings, Greek fire, a deranged fire mage, and the Brotherhood of True Flame. The adventures start with beginning characters, and the finale finishes with characters of levels 9-12.
Publication history
A Dozen and One Adventures was designed by Steven Kurtz.
Reception
Allen Varney reviewed A Dozen and One Adventures for Dragon magazine #219 (July 1995). He declares, "Now this is the stuff of Arabian adventure", and notes that "a lot of fire burns through the last half of these thirteen short adventures, despite one late episode in an inundated sand castle". Varney concludes with this assessment: "Starting with beginning characters, the Dozen and One Adventures develop a more-or-less continuous narrative up through the finale, for levels 9-12. Here the PCs become pawns, and occasionally onlookers, in a deadly struggle among the fire mage, the Soft Whisper assassins, a Leper King, and other high-power factions. Still, Kurtz (who has read all the Arabian Nights tales — "including the supplements!" he says, as if incredulous at his masochism) has summoned the flavor of the genre with impressive skill."
Reviews
White Wolf #44
References
Al-Qadim
An Innocent Bridegroom is a 1913 silent short film directed by Phillips Smalley and starring Pearl White. It was released as a split-reel program along with A Night in the Town. Both films survive in the Library of Congress collection.
Cast
Pearl White
Chester Barnett
Joseph Belmont
References
External links
An Innocent Bridegroom at IMDb.com
1913 films
Universal Pictures short films
American black-and-white films
1913 short films
American silent short films
1910s American films
In geology, country rock is the rock native to an area, in contrast to any intrusion of viscous geologic material, commonly magma, or perhaps rock salt (in salt domes) or unconsolidated sediments.
Magma is typically less dense than the rock it intrudes, widening and filling existing cracks, sometimes melting the already-existing country rock.
The term "country rock" is similar to, and in many cases interchangeable with, the terms basement and wall rocks.
Country rock can denote the widespread lithology of a region in relation to the rock which is being discussed or observed.
Geologic settings
Settings in geology when the term country rock is used include:
Igneous intrusions
When describing a pluton or dike, the igneous rock can be described as intruding the surrounding country rock, the rock into which the pluton has intruded.
When country rock is intruded by a dike, perpendicular to the bedding plane, it is called discordant intrusion, while a parallel intrusion by a sill indicates a sub-parallel or concordant intrusion.
Most intrusions into country rock are via magma. Usually, country rock is intruded by an igneous body of rock which formed when magma forced upward through fractures, or melted through overlying rock. Magma then cooled into solid rock, different from the surrounding country rock. Sometimes, a fragment of country rock will break off and become incorporated into the intrusion, and is called a xenolith, from Greek, , xenos, "strange,", and , lithos, the ancient Greek word for "stone."
The heat of the intrusions usually changes the country rock, often to contact metamorphic rock. Commonly, hornfels is produced, or skarn.
Alluvial settings
When describing recent alluvium, the material that has arrived through volcanic, glacial or fluvial action can be described as a veneer on the (older) country rock.
References
Petrology
Pieces, Part One is the fifth studio album by Korean hip-hop group Epik High, released on April 17, 2008. A repackaged version of the album was released with a remix version of "Love Love Love".
Track listing
2008 albums
Epik High albums
Woollim Entertainment albums
A Very Special Season is the twentieth studio album and first holiday album by American singer Diana Ross, released on November 14, 1994 by EMI Records. Produced by Nick Martinelli, whom Ross worked with several times around the early nineties, it is a lush, soulful pop album, consisting mostly of traditional Christmas standards as well as takes on more contemporary songs by Burt Bacharach, John Lennon, and Stevie Wonder. The set was only released for the international market where it peaked at number 37 on the UK Albums Chart and was certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
The album was remastered and repackaged as Wonderful Christmas Time in 2018. The re-titled re-issue of the album, issued by Ross' own label Ross Records, featured new cover art and the six-tracks that Ross had originally recorded for the 1994 Hallmark album, Making Spirits Bright, featuring the London Symphony Orchestra. Ross promoted the release with performances in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, and at the Rockefeller Center Tree-lighting concert special in November 2018.
Critical reception
Allmusic editor Jose F. Promis found that A Very Special Season "easily ranks among the diva's best of the '90s. Instead of opting for hip arrangements aimed at pleasing a younger, jaded audience, all the songs on this set are classically arranged with lush orchestrations, resulting in a truly timeless holiday album, not unlike what one would have expected from the crooners and sirens of yesteryear. The songs are all lovingly produced, and Ross effectively wraps her silken pipes around each tune with utmost sincerity."
Track listing
All songs produced by Nick Martinelli.
Charts
Certifications
References
EMI Records albums
Diana Ross albums
1994 Christmas albums
Christmas albums by American artists
Rupture of membranes (ROM) or amniorrhexis is a term used during pregnancy to describe a rupture of the amniotic sac. Normally, it occurs spontaneously at full term either during or at the beginning of labor. Rupture of the membranes is known colloquially as "breaking the water" or as one's "water breaking." A premature rupture of membranes (PROM) is a rupture of the amnion that occurs prior to the onset of labor. This typically occurs before the pregnancy's 37 week gestation. In the United States, more than 120,000 pregnancies per year are affected by a premature rupture of membranes, which is the cause of about one third of preterm deliveries.
Sometimes, a child is born with no rupture of the amniotic sac (no rupture of membranes). In such cases, the child may still be entirely within the sac once born; such a birth is known as an en-caul birth.
Effects
When the amniotic sac ruptures, production of prostaglandins increases and the cushioning between the fetus and uterus is decreased, both of which are processes that increase the frequency and intensity of uterine contractions.
On occasion, with the rupture of membranes, particularly if the head is not engaged, the umbilical cord may prolapse. A cord prolapse is an obstetrical emergency, as the descending head may block fetal-placental circulation.
Once the membranes are ruptured, bacteria may ascend and could lead to amnionitis and fetal infection.
A premature rupture of membranes can have multiple effects on the fetus such as increasing their risk of prematurity and facing neonatal or perinatal complications.
Types
SROM: spontaneous rupture of membranes. This term describes the normal, spontaneous rupture of the membranes at full term. The rupture is usually at the bottom of the uterus, over the cervix, causing a gush of fluid. This gush may be quite small (such as 50ml), or it can be significantly large (200-300ml) depending upon amount of fluid in the amniotic sac, and to what extent the fetal head is plugging the hole and retaining fluid in the sac. A spontaneous rupture that occurs early in labor may actually be related to other complications resulting in delayed labor. These complications may include a contracted pelvis, breech presentation, or occipito-posterior position.
PROM: premature rupture of membranes. This term describes a rupture of the membranes that occurs before the onset of labor.
PPROM: preterm, premature rupture of membranes. This term describes a rupture of the membranes that occurs before 37 weeks gestation, and it can have multiple effects on the fetus such as increasing their risk of prematurity and facing neonatal or perinatal complications. Risk factors of pregnancies with PPROM include race (black patients are at increased risk), low socioeconomic status, history of sexually transmitted disease, distension of the uterus (which may result from factors such as excessive amniotic fluid (polyhydramnios) or carrying more than one fetus (multifetal pregnancy)), and tobacco smoking.
AROM: artificial rupture of membranes. This term describes a rupture of the membranes by a third party, usually a midwife or obstetrician, in order to induce or accelerate labor.
Detection
Detection of rupture of membranes mainly include:
Pooling test: visualization of amniotic fluid pooling in the vagina
Nitrazine paper test
Fern test
Amniotic fluid index
For results to be roughly 90% accurate in infection detection, a combination of both an arborization test and nitrazine paper test may be used. An arborization test assesses the patient's vaginal secretions, while a nitrazone paper test uses the nitrazine paper to examine vaginal pH.
References
External links
Merck Manual: Premature rupture of membranes
Obstetrics
Midwifery
Terramar is located in Carlsbad, California. It is a small oceanfront neighborhood community developed by William Cannon in the 1950s. It has its own Association called the Terramar Association, with a set of rules. The Terramar Association has a quarterly newsletter called the Terramar Tides. Terramar has a number of breaks, but is primarily known as a longboard break.
It has private (gated) access to the beach (not all homes in this neighborhood are oceanfront). The beach access consists of a "Deck" that is elevated above the ocean and has benches, tables, BBQ, surfboard rack, and outdoor shower.
References
Neighborhoods in Carlsbad, California
Anne Brinch-Nielsen (born 3 May 1997) is a Danish handball player who currently plays for EH Aalborg.
Achievements
Danish Handball Cup:
Winner: 2017
References
External links
DHDb - Anne Brinch-Nielsen
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Aarhus
Danish female handball players
Subtropical Cyclone Katie, unofficially named by researchers, was an unusual weather event in early 2015. After the 2014–15 South Pacific cyclone season had officially ended, a rare subtropical cyclone was identified outside of the basin near Easter Island, during early May, and was unofficially dubbed Katie by researchers. Katie was one of the few tropical or subtropical systems ever observed forming in the far Southeast Pacific, outside of the official basin boundary of 120°W, which marks the eastern edge of RSMC Nadi's and RSMC Wellington's warning areas, during the satellite era. Due to the fact that this storm developed outside of the official areas of responsibility of the warning agencies in the South Pacific, the storm was not officially included as a part of the 2014–15 South Pacific cyclone season. However, the Chilean Navy Weather Service issued High Seas Warnings on the system as an extratropical low.
Meteorological history
On April 29, 2015, near the end of the 2014–15 South Pacific cyclone season, an extratropical disturbance developed in the far Southeastern Pacific, before transitioning into a subtropical depression soon afterward. The storm transitioned into a subtropical depression at 102.9°W, well to the east of the South Pacific basin's eastern boundary of 120°W. Around this time, the Chilean Navy Weather Service began including the storm in their High Seas Warnings, continuing this until May 4. During the next couple of days, the system drifted to the southwest, before turning to the southeast. On May 1, the storm intensified into a subtropical cyclone of tropical storm intensity, and looped westward. During this time, the system encountered sea surface temperatures about above average and low wind shear, due to an extremely strong El Niño event, allowing the storm to organize further. On May 2, the storm reached its peak intensity, with maximum sustained winds of , and a minimum low pressure of . Around this time, the storm was identified by researchers and unofficially named Katie. During the next day, Katie slowly tracked westward while gradually weakening. On May 4, Katie weakened into a subtropical depression and began accelerating to the northwest, passing to the east of Easter Island, before weakening further into a remnant low. With this degeneration, the Chilean Navy Weather Service ceased issuing warnings on the storm. On May 6, Katie's remnant low dissipated. During Katie's entire existence, the storm remained east of 120°W, outside of the South Pacific basin's official boundary.
Records
Subtropical Cyclone Katie is unofficially the second-easternmost tropical or subtropical cyclone ever observed to form in the South Pacific Ocean, transitioning into a subtropical system near 102.9°W. This broke the previous record of around 110°W, set by a tropical depression in May 1983. "Katie" was also the first tropical or subtropical system to form east of the South Pacific basin's official eastern boundary of 120°W since another tropical depression in May 1983. However, in May 2018, Katie's record was broken by Subtropical Cyclone Lexi, which formed just a few hundred miles off the coast of Chile, near 80°W. Tropical cyclogenesis is extremely rare in the far southeastern Pacific Ocean, due to the cold sea-surface temperatures generated by the Humboldt Current, lack of tropical disturbance formation, and also due to unfavorable wind shear; as such, there are no records of a tropical cyclone impacting western South America. Tropical cyclone formation in this extreme part of the Southeast Pacific is so rare that no warning agencies have yet been assigned to the region east of 120°W. Subtropical Cyclone Katie formed during an extremely strong El Niño event; the abnormally-warm waters above average and low wind shear across the region may have contributed to the system's rare formation. Although Katie's observed characteristics were consistent with that of a subtropical cyclone, detailed analysis revealed that the storm may have briefly transitioned into a tropical cyclone, around the time of its peak intensity.
Notes
See also
Subtropical Cyclone Lexi
2006 Central Pacific cyclone
Subtropical Storm 96C
Hurricane Catarina
Tropical Storm Rolf
Cyclone Qendresa
Cyclone Numa
Cyclone Ianos
1996 Lake Huron cyclone
Mediterranean tropical-like cyclone
South Atlantic tropical cyclone
1982–83 South Pacific cyclone season – Saw a tropical depression developing east of 120°W
2017–18 South Pacific cyclone season
Tropical cyclogenesis
El Niño–Southern Oscillation
References
External links
Unofficial track data from Australia Severe Weather
TROPICAL CYCLONE OPERATIONAL PLAN FOR THE SOUTH PACIFIC AND SOUTH-EAST INDIAN OCEAN: 2014 Edition
2014–15 South Pacific cyclone season
April 2015 events in South America
May 2015 events in South America
April 2015 events in Oceania
May 2015 events in Oceania
2015 in Chile
Subtropical cyclones
Subtropical storms
Cyclones in South America
Katie
Ídolos Brazil 4 (also known as Ídolos 2009) was the fourth season of Brazilian reality interactive talent show Ídolos (second aired on Rede Record), which premiered August 18, 2009 with the season finale airing on December 16, 2009.
Rodrigo Faro returned as a host from last year and the judging panel again consists of Luís Calainho, Paula Lima and Marco Camargo.
Saulo Roston won the competition with Diego Moraes as the first runner-up and Hélen Lyu finishing third.
Early process
Regional auditions
Auditions were held in the following cities:
During this stage guest judges filled in a special fourth judging seat.
Theater Round
Chorus Line
The first day of Theater Week featured the eighty-six contestants from the auditions round. Divided into groups, the contestants go up on stage and individually sing a song a cappella. Sixty-seven advanced.
Groups
The sixty-seven remaining contestants were divided in groups of four or three. They had to pick a song and sing accompanied by a soundtrack. Forty-eight advanced.
Solos
The forty-eight remaining contestants had to choose a music and singing accompanied by a band and can also play an instrument. The contestants were divided into three rooms: square, circle and triangle. The twelve contestants on the square room were eliminated, while the twelve contestants on the circle room advanced to the semifinals.
Final Cut
The twenty-four remaining contestants who were in the triangle room knew that had not been defined a unanimous verdict for them. In the end, the judges take the contestants in pairs and tell them if they made the final twenty-four.
Semi-Finals
The twenty-four semifinalists were split by gender into two groups. Each contestant would then sing in their respective group's night. The top six contestants from each group made it to the finals. The guys performed on September 29, 2009 and the girls on October 7, 2009, with results show on the following night.
Finals
Finalists
Elimination chart
Results Night Performances
References
External links
Ídolos Brazil website
Ídolos (Brazilian TV series)
2009 Brazilian television seasons
Weems, also known as Smithfield Station, is a small unincorporated community in northwestern Wells Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States. The town began with a post office and butcher shop. The town still claims an active community church today. It is located near State Route 151.
Weems is part of the Weirton–Steubenville, WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Public education in the community of Weems is provided by the Buckeye Local School District.
References
Unincorporated communities in Jefferson County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Cloyd William Webb (February 13, 1942 – March 15, 1991) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He won the Grey Cup with the Tiger-Cats in 1965. He played college football at the University of Iowa. Webb was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the 13th round of the 1964 NFL Draft, but did not play in the league.
References
1942 births
1991 deaths
Sportspeople from East St. Louis, Illinois
Players of American football from Illinois
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Niwari is a town, near city of Ghaziabad in Ghaziabad district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Geography
Niwari is located at . It has an average elevation of 215 metres (705 feet).
Demographics
As of the 2001 Census of India, Niwari had a population of 9919. Males constitute 54% of the population and females 46%. Niwari has an average literacy rate of 62%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 69%, and female literacy is 55%. In Niwari, 15% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Schools
Sanjay Gandhi Inter College, Niwari
Important Links
Ghaziabad District Administration
References
Cities and towns in Ghaziabad district, India
The very large moth family Geometridae contains genera beginning with A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y and Z.
Those beginning with V include:
References
V
Lists of Lepidoptera genera
Nivacortol (developmental code names WIN-27914 and NEBO-174; also known as nivazol and nivazole) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
External links
Nivazole - AdisInsight
Tertiary alcohols
Alkyne derivatives
Antiglucocorticoids
Corticosteroids
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Phenyl compounds
Pregnanes
Pyrazoles
Rearrange My Heart is the second studio album by Che Apalache, released on August 9, 2019. It was produced by Béla Fleck and was nominated for Best Folk Album at the 62nd Grammy Awards.
Background
Che Apalache was formed in Buenos Aires in 2013. After living abroad in a number of countries including Spain and Japan, Joe Troop moved to Argentina in 2010 to teach bluegrass music, eventually forming a band with some of his best students. Troop notes that for their first five years they played only Appalachian music, and "that seemed amazing avant-garde to have a bluegrass band in the city of Buenos Aires." However, they later began to incorporate some of the Latin styles they had grown up with in Argentina and Mexico. Che Apalache initially played with an upright bass but eventually settled on the lineup of Martin Bobrik and Franco Martino, from Buenos Aires, and Pau Barjau, from Mexico. Their uncommon style caught the attention of Béla Fleck who decided to produce Rearrange My Heart in his home studio after Fleck say them perform at his banjo camp. "These guys are just so unique and fascinating that it was impossible for me to say no," Fleck said. "Music should be about human expression and these guys are expressing it in spades."
Production
The album was recorded in February 2019 by Richard Battaglia at Béla Fleck's home studio. Richard Dodd mastered the record.
Personnel
Joe Troop - fiddle, vocals
Pau Barjau - banjo, vocals
Martín Bobrik - mandolin, vocals
Franco Martino - guitar, vocals
Track listing
References
2019 albums
The Amanda Blake Store is a historic building located in Port Republic, New Jersey. It was built in 1884 as a general store and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 25, 1979 by which time it had been converted into a house.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Atlantic County, New Jersey
Commercial buildings completed in 1884
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
Port Republic, New Jersey
Houses in Camden County, New Jersey
1884 establishments in New Jersey
Retail buildings in New Jersey
The International Federation of Trade Unions of Transport Workers (, FIOST) was an International Trade Federation affiliated to the World Confederation of Labour (WCL).
History
The federation was established in 1921 at a conference in Lucerne, as the International Federation of Christian Trade Unions of Railway, Tramway and Other Transport Workers. In 1955, it renamed itself as the International Federation of Christian Trade Unions of Transport Workers, and then in 1970 it dropped "Christian", to assume its final name.
In 2006, the WCL merged into the new International Trade Union Confederation, and FIOST dissolved, its former affiliates mostly joining the International Transport Workers' Federation.
The federation had four sections, covering aviation, railways, waterways, and road transport.
Leadership
General Secretaries
1921: H. F. Timmermans
1940s: Vaassen
Jan van der Elst
1980s: Alfred Gosselin
Freddy Pools
Presidents
1921: F. L. D. Nivard
1940s: de Clerq
1950s: A. Meeuwissen
Benoit de Smet
1980s: John Janssens
Michel Bovy
References
Transportation trade unions
World Confederation of Labour
Trade unions established in 1921
Trade unions disestablished in 2006
Marriage Strike (German: Ehestreik) is a 1930 German silent comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Livio Pavanelli, Maria Paudler and Georg Alexander.
The film's sets were designed by the art director August Rinaldi. It was made at the tail-end of silent film production, as sound film was rapidly taking over.
Cast
Livio Pavanelli as Doctor Fritz Denk
Maria Paudler as Mary
Georg Alexander as Doctor Edgar Hupp
Julius Falkenstein as Professor Haberling
Hanni Weisse as Lucy
Gerhard Dammann
References
External links
1930 comedy films
German comedy films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Carl Boese
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
Silent comedy films
1930s German films
Purine synthesis may either refer to:
in vivo purine synthesis: Purine metabolism#Biosynthesis
laboratory purine synthesis: Purine#Laboratory synthesis
Cartoon Noir is a 1999 feature film anthology film consisting of six animated short subjects from five countries. The short films brought together for this anthology were Gentle Spirit (1987) by Polish animator Piotr Dumala, Club of the Laid Off (1989) by the Czech artist Jiri Barta, Abductees (1995) from England's Paul Vester, The Story of the Cat and the Moon (1995) from Portuguese animator Pedro Serrazina, and a pair of shorts from American filmmakers: Suzan Pitt's Joy Street (1996) and Julie Zammarchi's Ape (1992).
Cartoon Noir was released on DVD in 2000.
References
External links
Cartoon Noir in the Internet Movie Database
Review, The New York Times
1999 films
1999 animated films
Animated anthology films
1990s animated short films
The following outline is provided as an overview of a topical guide to ancient Egypt:
Ancient Egypt – ancient civilization of eastern North Africa, concentrated along the lower reaches of the Nile River in what is now the modern country of Egypt. Egyptian civilization coalesced around 3150 BCE (according to conventional Egyptian chronology) with the political unification of Upper and Lower Egypt under the first pharaoh.
The many achievements of the ancient Egyptians include the quarrying, surveying and construction techniques that facilitated the building of monumental pyramids, temples, and obelisks; a system of mathematics; a practical and effective system of medicine; irrigation systems and agricultural production techniques; some of the first known ships; Egyptian faience and glass technology; new forms of literature; and the earliest known peace treaty. Its monuments have inspired the imaginations of travelers and writers for centuries.
What type of thing is Ancient Egypt?
Ancient Egypt can be described as:
an ancient civilization
a Bronze Age civilization
part of ancient history
Geography of ancient Egypt
Places
Abu Gorab
Abu Mena
Abu Rawash
Abu Simbel
Abusir
Abydos
Alexandria
Al Fayyum/Atef-Pehu
Amarna/Akhetaten
Aswan
Asyut
Avaris
Beni Hasan
Bubastis
Buhen
Busiris (Lower Egypt)
Buto
Clysma
Cusae
Dahshur
Deir el-Bahri
Deir el-Medina
Edfu
El-Lahun
Elephantine/Abu/Yebu
Gebel el-Silsila
Giza
Hebenu
Heliopolis/Annu/Iunu
Herwer
Hypselis
Itjtawy
Kom el-Hisn
Luxor
Memphis/Ineb Hedj
Mendes
Naucratis
Pelusium
Pi-Ramesses
Rosetta
Saqqara
Sais
Tanis/Djanet
Thebes/Niwt/Waset
Thinis
more...
Government and politics of ancient Egypt
Pharaohs
Pharaoh – an article about the history of the title "Pharaoh" with descriptions of the regalia, crowns and titles used.
List of pharaohs – this article contains a list of the pharaohs of Ancient Egypt, from the Early Dynastic Period before 3000 BCE through to the end of the Ptolemaic Dynasty
Coronation of the pharaoh
Crowns of Egypt
Dynasties of Ancient Egypt
Ancient Egyptian royal titulary
Government officials
Vizier (Ancient Egypt) – the vizier was the highest official in Ancient Egypt to serve the king, or pharaoh during the Old, Middle, and New Kingdoms.
Viceroy of Kush – the Lower Nubian Kush was a province of Egypt from the 16th century BCE to eleventh century BCE. During this period it was ruled by a viceroy who reported directly to the Egyptian Pharaoh.
Treasurer (Ancient Egypt) – the treasurer was responsible for products coming to the royal palace. They were the main economical administrator of the royal belongings.
Egyptian law
Egyptian law
Military of ancient Egypt
Military of ancient Egypt
Chariotry in ancient Egypt
Ancient Egyptian Navy
General history of ancient Egypt
History of ancient Egypt
History of ancient Egypt, by period
Prehistoric Egypt – The Prehistory of Egypt spans the period of the earliest human settlement to the beginning of the Early Dynastic Period of Egypt in ca. 3100 BCE.
Naqada I or Amratian culture - a cultural period in the history of predynastic Upper Egypt, which lasted approximately from 4000 to 3500 BCE.
Naqada II or Gerzeh culture - The Gerzean is the second of three phases of the Naqada Culture, and so is called Naqada II. It begins circa 3500 BCE lasting through circa 3200 BCE.
Naqada III or Semainean culture - Naqada III is the last phase of the Naqadan period of ancient Egyptian prehistory, dating approximately from 3200 to 3100 BCE.
Early Dynastic Period of Egypt – The Archaic or Early Dynastic Period of Egypt immediately follows the unification of Lower and Upper Egypt c. 3100 BCE. It is generally taken to include:
The First Dynasty of Egypt
The Second Dynasty of Egypt
Old Kingdom of Egypt – The name given to the period in the 3rd millennium BCE when Egypt attained its first continuous peak of civilization in complexity and achievement – the first of three so-called "Kingdom" periods, which mark the high points of civilization in the lower Nile Valley. This time period includes:
The Third Dynasty of Egypt
The Fourth Dynasty of Egypt
The Fifth Dynasty of Egypt
The Sixth Dynasty of Egypt
First Intermediate Period of Egypt – This period is often described as a “dark period” in Ancient Egyptian history, spanning approximately 140 years after the end of the Old Kingdom from ca. 2181–2055 BCE. It included:
The possibly spurious Seventh Dynasty of Egypt
The Eighth Dynasty of Egypt
The Ninth Dynasty of Egypt
The Tenth Dynasty of Egypt
Part of the Eleventh Dynasty of Egypt
Middle Kingdom of Egypt – The period in the history of ancient Egypt between 2055 BCE and 1650 BCE. This period includes:
Later part of the Eleventh Dynasty of Egypt
The Twelfth Dynasty of Egypt
The Thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt
The Fourteenth Dynasty of Egypt
Some writers include the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Dynasties in the Second Intermediate Period.
Second Intermediate Period of Egypt (Hyksos) – a period when Ancient Egypt fell into disarray for a second time, between the end of the Middle Kingdom and the start of the New Kingdom. It is best known as the period when the Hyksos made their appearance in Egypt and whose reign comprised
The Fifteenth Dynasty of Egypt
The Sixteenth Dynasty of Egypt
The Seventeenth Dynasty of Egypt
New Kingdom of Egypt – Also referred to as the Egyptian Empire is the period in ancient Egyptian history between the 16th century BCE and the 11th century BCE, covering:
The Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt
The Nineteenth Dynasty of Egypt
The Twentieth Dynasty of Egypt
Third Intermediate Period – The time in Ancient Egypt from the death of Pharaoh Ramesses XI in 1070 BCE to the foundation of the Twenty-Sixth Dynasty by Psamtik I in 664 BCE. This period includes:
The Twenty-first Dynasty of Egypt
The Twenty-second Dynasty of Egypt
The Twenty-third Dynasty of Egypt
The Twenty-fourth Dynasty of Egypt
The Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt
Late Period of ancient Egypt
The Twenty-sixth Dynasty of Egypt, also known as the Saite Period, lasted from 672 BCE to 525 BCE.
The Twenty-seventh Dynasty of Egypt The First Persian Period (525 BC–404 BC), this period saw Egypt conquered by an expansive Persian Empire under Cambyses.
The Twenty-eighth Dynasty of Egypt consisted of a single king, Amyrtaeus, prince of Sais, who rebelled against the Persians. This dynasty lasted 6 years, from 404 BC to 398 BC.
The Twenty-ninth Dynasty of Egypt ruled from Mendes, for the period from 398 BC to 380 BC.
The Thirtieth Dynasty consisted of a series of three pharaohs ruling from 380 BC until their final defeat in 343 BC lead to the re-occupation by the Persians.
The Thirty-first Dynasty of Egypt was effectively a satrapy of the Achaemenid Persian Empire between 343 BC to 332 BC.
The Ptolemaic dynasty ruled the Ptolemaic Kingdom during the Hellenistic period, from 305 to 30 BC. They were the last dynasty of ancient Egypt.
The Roman/Byzantine reign lasted from 30 BC to 646 AD.
The Muslim conquest of Egypt took place between 639 and 646 AD.
History of ancient Egypt, by region
History of Alexandria
History of ancient Egypt, by subject
Battle of the Delta
Battle of Djahy
Battle of Kadesh
Battle of Megiddo (15th century BC)
Battle of the Nile (47 BC)
Battle of Pelusium
Battle of Perire
Egyptian chronology
Egyptian–Hittite peace treaty
History of the Karnak Temple complex
History of timekeeping devices in Egypt
Military history of Ancient Egypt
Periodization of Ancient Egypt
Population history of Egypt
Sack of Thebes
Siege of Dapur
Egyptology
Egyptology – study of ancient Egyptian history, language, literature, religion, architecture and art from the 5th millennium BC until the end of its native religious practices in the 4th century AD. A practitioner of the discipline is an "Egyptologist".
Egyptologists
Egyptologist – a practitioner of Egyptology
Edward R. Ayrton
Giovanni Battista Belzoni
Ludwig Borchardt
Jaroslav Černý
Alan Gardiner
Selim Hassan
Zahi Hawass
Salima Ikram
Antonio Loprieno
Auguste Mariette
Gaston Maspero
Édouard Naville
William Matthew Flinders Petrie
Kim Ryholt
Museums with ancient Egyptian exhibits
Museums of Egyptian antiquities
Egypt
Egyptian Museum
Giza Solar boat museum
Grand Egyptian Museum
Karanis Site Museum
Luxor Museum
Luxor Mummification Museum
National Museum of Egyptian Civilization
France
Louvre
Germany
Bonn Egyptian Museum
Egyptian Museum of Berlin
Staatliche Sammlung für Ägyptische Kunst
Italy
Egyptian Museum (Milan)
Museo Egizio, Turin
Palermo Archeological Museum
United Kingdom
British Museum
Petrie Museum of Egyptology
Ashmolean Museum
United States
Brooklyn Museum
Metropolitan Museum of Art
Rosicrucian Egyptian Museum
Culture of ancient Egypt
Culture of ancient Egypt
Calendar
Cats in ancient Egypt
Clothing in ancient Egypt
Ancient Egyptian flint jewelry
Beauty and cosmetics in ancient Egypt
Coiled sewn sandals
Khat
Nemes
Pectoral
Shendyt
Usekh collar
Cuisine of ancient Egypt
Dance in ancient Egypt
Egyptian astronomy
Egyptian mathematics
Ancient Egyptian multiplication
Egyptian algebra
Egyptian geometry
Egyptian fraction
Egyptian numerals
Festivals in ancient Egypt
Beautiful Festival of the Valley
Min festival
Opet Festival
Sed festival
Homosexuality in ancient Egypt
Literature
Medicine
Ancient Egyptian anatomical studies
Egyptian medical papyri
Music of Egypt
Philosophy
Symbols of ancient Egypt
Ankh
Atef
Deshret
Djed
Hedjet
Pschent
Uraeus
Was scepter
Winged sun
Technology of ancient Egypt
Ancient Egyptian units of measurement
Stone quarries of ancient Egypt
Architecture of ancient Egypt
Ancient Egyptian architecture
Egyptian pyramids
Egyptian pyramid construction techniques
Giza pyramid complex
Pyramidion
Step pyramid
Egyptian temple
Pylon
False door
Gardens of ancient Egypt
Obelisk
Obelisk making technology in ancient Egypt
Urban planning in ancient Egypt
Buildings and structures
Block statue
Egyptian pyramids (List)
Giza pyramid complex
Great pyramid of Giza
Great Sphinx of Giza
Karnak Temple
Lighthouse of Alexandria
Library of Alexandria
Luxor temple
Mammisi
Mastaba
Serdab
Art of ancient Egypt
Art of ancient Egypt
Amarna art
Ancient Egyptian pottery
Egyptian faience
Funerary art in Ancient Egypt
Painting in Ancient Egypt
Portraiture in Ancient Egypt
Sculpture in Ancient Egypt
Religion in ancient Egypt
Ancient Egyptian religion
Ancient Egyptian afterlife beliefs
Ancient Egyptian deities
Egyptian pantheon
Ennead
Atum
Shu
Tefnut
Geb
Nut
Osiris
Isis
Horus
Set
Nephthys
Ogdoad of Hermopolis
Amun and Amunet
Heh and Hauhet
Kek and Kauket
Nu and Naunet
Theban Triad
Amun
Mut
Khonsu
Major deities
AmunAnhurAnubisApepApisAtenBastetBennuHathorKhepriKhnumKhonsuMontuMutNeithPtahRaSekhmetSetShuSobekThoth
Other deities
AmmitBesMaahesMinPakhetSekerSeshatTawaretWadjetWepwawet
Ancient Egyptian Deities in popular culture
Ancient Egyptian funerary practices
Canopic jars
Mummy
List of Egyptian mummies (royalty)
Opening of the mouth ceremony
Reserve head
Wooden tomb model
Ancient Egyptian funerary texts
Amduat
Book of Caverns
Book of Gates
Book of Nut
Book of the Dead
Book of the Dead spells
Book of the Earth
Book of the Heavenly Cow
Book of the Netherworld
Book of Traversing Eternity
Books of Breathing
Litany of Re
Litany of the Eye of Horus
Spell of the Twelve Caves
Coffin Texts
Pyramid Texts
Ancient Egyptian offering formula
Ancient Egyptian retainer sacrifices
Mortuary temple
Decline of ancient Egyptian religion
Religious concepts
Aaru
Akh
Ba
Duat
Egyptian soul
Isfet
Ka
Kek
Maat
Shai
Egyptian mythology
Major myths
Ancient Egyptian creation myths
Osiris myth
Numbers in Egyptian mythology
Ancient Egyptian language
Ancient Egyptian language
Stages of ancient Egyptian language
Archaic Egyptian: before 2600 BC, the language of the Early Dynastic Period. Egyptian writing in the form of labels and signs has been dated to 3200 BC.
Old Egyptian: 2686 BC – 2181 BC, the language of the Old Kingdom
Middle Egyptian: 2055 BC – 1650 BC, characterized the Middle Kingdom (2055 BC – 1650 BC), but endured through the early 18th Dynasty until the Amarna Period (1353 BC), and continued on as a literary language into the 4th century AD.
Late Egyptian: 1069 BC – 700 BC, characterized the Third Intermediate Period (1069 BC – 700 BC), but started earlier with the Amarna Period (1353 BC).
Demotic: 7th century BC – 5th century AD, from the Late Period through Roman times
Coptic: 1st century AD – 17th century AD, from early Roman times to early modern times
Writing systems
Hieroglyphs
Cursive hieroglyphs
Hieratic
Demotic
Decipherment of ancient Egyptian scripts
Transliteration of Ancient Egyptian
Egyptian economy
Ancient Egyptian agriculture
Cattle count
Ancient Egyptian trade
Foreign contacts of ancient Egypt
Mining industry of Egypt
Palace economy
Stone quarries of ancient Egypt
Publications about ancient Egypt
Ancient Egypt (magazine)
Ancient Egyptian Hieroglyphs: A Practical Guide
Hieroglyphics: The Writings of Ancient Egypt
The Hieroglyphs of Ancient Egypt
Oxford Encyclopedia of Ancient Egypt
Reading Egyptian Art: A Hieroglyphic Guide to Ancient Egyptian Painting and Sculpture
See also
Index of ancient Egypt-related articles
Glossary of Ancient Egypt artifacts
Outline of classical studies
Ancient Egypt lists
List of ancient Egyptians
List of ancient Egyptian palettes
List of ancient Egyptian papyri
List of ancient Egyptian scribes
List of Egyptian hieroglyphs
List of Egyptian pyramids
List of pharaohs
List of portraiture offerings with Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs
List of Theban tombs
Lists of Egyptian hieroglyphs
References
External links
Ancient Egypt video by the National Geographic
Outlines of geography and places
Ancient Egypt
John Frow (born 13 November 1948 in Coonabarabran, Australia) is an Australian academic who works in the areas of literary theory, narrative theory, intellectual property law, and cultural studies. He is currently a professor of English at the University of Sydney.
Career
Frow's research is between the humanities and the social sciences, and ranges from technical work in literary theory and discourse analysis through to empirical and statistically-based sociology.
His doctoral work and first book, "Marxism and Literary History" (1986), reworks Marxist theory for a non-determinist account of literary systems. His work draws on Althusser and Foucault, as well as on Russian Formalist theory, German reception aesthetics, a critical engagement with post-structuralist theory, and on a broad range of literary texts. It theorized the relation between discourse and power, the relational structure of literary texts and systems, and the dynamics of literary change.
All of Frow's later work draws on the framework elaborated in this book, although he has subsequently moved away from a commitment to Marxism towards a more Foucauldian understanding of social and discursive power. "Cultural Studies and Cultural Value" (1995) undertook a critique of the hierarchy of value that sorts ‘high' and ‘low' culture into distinct domains, arguing that the field of culture now has multiple centres and multiple domains of value which are irreducible to a single scale.
The book formulated an account of the ‘knowledge class' of information workers and argued that it has specific interests in the field of culture. The central essay of "Time and Commodity Culture" (1997) theorized the distinction and the inter-dependence of gift and commodity economies as a way of analyzing the encroachment of the commodity form on the commons in information; other essays in the book explored the temporality of capital as the basis for historical understanding and the technologies of memory.
"Accounting for Tastes: Australian Everyday Cultures" (1999), written with Tony Bennett and Michael Emmison, is a study, based on a broad survey and the resulting quantitative analysis, of the cultural practices and preferences of Australians across a range of cultural areas. It sought to develop an account of social class in which cultural capital plays a central and formative role, and developed the concept of the regime of value to theorize the structural regularities it found.
Books
Frow's most recent books have focused on questions of literary theory and its relation to cultural studies. "Genre" (2006; second revised edition 2015) explores the work of generic classification across a range of literary and cultural texts, understanding genres not as fixed frameworks but as dynamic processes of organization of social knowledge.
"The Practice of Value" (2013) is a collection of essays on the relationship between literary and cultural studies. And "Character and Person" (2014) explores the nature of human personhood by setting models of the person in relation to models of fictional character in a number of distinct literary and cinematic systems. The book argues both for the specificity of the person and fictional character, and for the ways in which each of them depends upon and informs our understanding of the other. Its concepts are "formal enough to bring us back to history," and develop "an unprecedentedly systematic model for understanding both literary character and social person, which are always defined in relation to one another."
Education
Frow was educated at Wagga High School and the Australian National University. After working and travelling for two years in Buenos Aires and elsewhere in South America he undertook graduate studies in the Comparative Literature Department at Cornell University (including a year as an exchange student at the University of Heidelberg). He received his PhD in 1977.
Academic positions
After holding teaching positions at Knox College, Sydney, in 1969, the Universidad del Salvador in Buenos Aires in 1970, and Cornell University in 1974-5, Frow's first full-time academic position was at the newly created Murdoch University in Western Australia, where he worked from 1975 to 1988.
He taught in the Comparative Literature Department at the University of Minnesota in 1988, and in 1989 took up a chair in the English Department at the University of Queensland. He moved to the University of Edinburgh as the Regius Professor of Rhetoric and English Literature in 2000, where he was also the director of the Institute for Advanced Studies in the Humanities; in 2004 he returned to Australia, taking up the chair of English Language and Literature at the University of Melbourne. He moved to his current position at the University of Sydney in 2013.
Frow has held visiting fellowships at Wesleyan University, the University of Chicago, New York University, and Goldsmiths College, University of London. He is a Fellow of the Australian Academy of the Humanities.
Editorial positions
Frow was a founding member of the "Australian Journal of Cultural Studies" (1983-1987) and of "Cultural Studies" (1987-). He was co-editor of the "Cultural Studies Review" from 2006 to 2012. He is a member of the Editorial Boards or Advisory Boards of "Textual Practice", "The Journal of Literary Criticism", "Australian Humanities Review", "Continuum", "ACH: The Journal of the History of Culture in Australia", the "Journal of Cultural Economy", "Law, Culture and the Humanities", the "Indian Journal of Law and Technology", "New Literary History", "Third Text", the "Genre Across Borders Web Resource", "Axon: Creative Explorations", "Humanities", "International Journal of Comparative Literature and Translation Studies", "Journal of Poetics Research", and "Persona Studies".
He has been a consulting editor for "Social Semiotics", a member of the board of "m/c: A Journal of Media and Culture", and was the Australian Reviews Editor for "Cultural Studies" from 1987-1996. He is the Senior Editor for Literary Theory on the "Oxford Research Encyclopedia of Literature".
Publications
Frow is the author of seven major monographs and two co-edited collections, in addition to a number of smaller monographs and over a hundred book chapters and refereed journal articles. His work has been widely reprinted and has been translated into Chinese, Persian, Japanese, French, Polish, Macedonian, Spanish, and Portuguese. A full cv and bibliography is available at {https://sydney.academia.edu/JohnFrow/CurriculumVitae}.
Monographs
"Marxism and Literary History" was published by Harvard University Press and Basil Blackwell in 1986, with a second edition in 1988.
"Cultural Studies and Cultural Value" was published by the Clarendon Press in 1995.
"Time and Commodity Culture" was published, again by the Clarendon Press, in 1997.
"Accounting for Tastes: Australian Everyday Cultures" (co-authored with Tony Bennett and Michael Emmison) was published by Cambridge University Press in 1999.
"Genre" was published by Routledge in its New Critical Idiom series in 2006, with a second revised edition in 2015.
"The Practice of Value" was published by the University of Western Australia Press in 2013.
"Character and Person" was published by Oxford University Press in 2014.
Edited collections
"Australian Cultural Studies: A Reader", edited with Meaghan Morris, was published by Allen and Unwin and the University of Illinois Press in 1993.
"The SAGE Handbook of Cultural Analysis", edited with Tony Bennett, was published by Sage in 2008.
References
External links
John Frow's profile at The University of Sydney
John Frow at ResearchGate
A selection of John Frow's work
1948 births
Living people
University of Sydney faculty
Australian literary critics
Australian non-fiction writers
Fellows of the Australian Academy of the Humanities
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Navan Junction was a railway station serving the town of Navan in County Meath. As the name suggests, the station was located at the junction of two railway lines. The first was a branch line off the main line between Belfast and Dublin, which connected Drogheda and Oldcastle, and opened in 1850. The second, which opened in 1862, was also a branch line, this time off the line from Dublin to Sligo, connecting Clonsilla and Navan. This line was later extended as far as Kingscourt in 1865.
Although Navan had two railway stations, Navan Junction was the main one serving the town, with a total of four platforms serving the two routes. However, following the nationalisation of the railways in Ireland in 1945, a major rationalisation programme led to the closure of many branch lines. Passenger services on the Kingscourt line ended in 1947, and led to the line between Clonsilla and Navan being lifted, while services on the Oldcastle line ended in 1958, with the line between Navan and Oldcastle lifted in 1963. This saw the final closure of Navan Junction station itself.
Today, little remains of the station. Most of the buildings have been demolished, with the exception of the Midland Great Western Railway goods shed and the Great Northern Railway (Ireland) down platform. However, freight trains still pass through the site - until 2001, trains transported gypsum from the Gypsum Industries plant at Kingscourt through the site, while trains from the Tara Mine continue to use the remaining part of the Oldcastle line to transport zinc and lead to Drogheda.
References
1850 establishments in Ireland
Railway Station Junction
Disused railway stations in County Meath
Railway stations closed in 1963
Railway stations opened in 1850
Junction Railway Station
Railway stations in Ireland opened in 1850
Eremophila campanulata, commonly known as bell-flowered poverty bush, is a flowering plant in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to a small area in central Western Australia. It is a small, low, densely branched shrub with small leaves and purple or lilac flowers. Its most distinctive feature is the dark purple sepals at the base of the flowers.
Description
Eremophila campanulata is a small shrub with a tangled branch growing to a height of about tall. The leaves are crowded near the ends of the branches and are mostly long and wide, linear to club-shaped with the edges turned under.
The flowers are borne singly in leaf axils on a stalk long. There are 5 dark purple, egg-shaped, pointed sepals which are long. The petals are long and joined at their lower end to form a bell-shaped tube. The tube is pale lilac-coloured to purple with three broad and two slightly narrower petal lobes on the end. The 4 stamens (sometimes 5 or 6 stamens) extend beyond the petal tube. Flowering mostly occurs from July to September and is followed by fruit which are dry, woody, oval to cone-shaped and long.
Taxonomy and naming
The species was first formally described by Robert Chinnock in 2007 and the description was published in Eremophila and Allied Genera: A Monograph of the Plant Family Myoporaceae. The type specimen was collected by Chinnock about east south east of Windidda. The specific epithet campanulata is a Latin word meaning bell-shaped, referring to the shape of the corolla.
Distribution and habitat
Eremophila campanulata occurs between Prenti Downs and Wongawol in the Gascoyne biogeographic region where it grows in stony clay on low hills.
Conservation
Eremophila campanulata is classified as "Priority Three" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife meaning that it is poorly known and known from only a few locations but is not under imminent threat.
References
campanulata
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 2007
Endemic flora of Western Australia
Oughtdoorish is a townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is situated in the barony of Strabane Upper and the civil parish of Bodoney Upper and covers an area of 1848 acres.
The name derives from the Irish: Ocht dubhrois (breast of hill of the black wood).
In 1841 the population of the townland was 126 people (28 houses) and in 1851 it was 148 people (27 houses).
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument: a Rath (grid ref: H5875 9253).
See also
List of townlands of County Tyrone
List of archaeological sites in County Tyrone
References
Townlands of County Tyrone
Archaeological sites in County Tyrone
Doğancı is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Matías Rodríguez Inciarte (born 23 March 1948) is a Spanish politician from the Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) who served as Ministry of the Presidency from September 1981 to December 1982.
References
1948 births
Living people
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Government ministers of Spain
20th-century Spanish politicians
Charles N. Mills (born 1961) is an American businessman, and the CEO of Medline Industries.
Early life
Mills is the son of James Stephen "Jim" Mills (1936-2019), who was the co-founder (with his brother Jon), and former CEO of Medline. Mills earned a bachelor's degree and an MBA, both from Cornell University.
Career
Mills has been CEO of Medline Industries since 1997, the fourth generation to run the company, founded in 1910. His cousin, Andy Mills is president, and Andy's brother-in-law Jim Abrams is COO.
Alongside his cousin and brother-in-law, Mills took over when the company had around half a billion sales. It is now worth approximately $3 billion, according to Forbes. His company has provided medical supplies during Hurricane Katrina, for which the company was awarded the American Red Cross, Hurricane Harvey, and during the Coronavirus pandemic.
References
1961 births
Living people
American chief executives
American lawyers
Cornell University alumni
Syracuse University alumni
Vaden is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Vaden Todd Lewis (born 1965), American singer
Paul Vaden (born 1967), American boxer
Robert C. Vaden (1882–1954), American businessman and state senator
Robert Vaden (basketball) (born 1985), American basketball player
In mathematics, weak topology is an alternative term for certain initial topologies, often on topological vector spaces or spaces of linear operators, for instance on a Hilbert space. The term is most commonly used for the initial topology of a topological vector space (such as a normed vector space) with respect to its continuous dual. The remainder of this article will deal with this case, which is one of the concepts of functional analysis.
One may call subsets of a topological vector space weakly closed (respectively, weakly compact, etc.) if they are closed (respectively, compact, etc.) with respect to the weak topology. Likewise, functions are sometimes called weakly continuous (respectively, weakly differentiable, weakly analytic, etc.) if they are continuous (respectively, differentiable, analytic, etc.) with respect to the weak topology.
History
Starting in the early 1900s, David Hilbert and Marcel Riesz made extensive use of weak convergence. The early pioneers of functional analysis did not elevate norm convergence above weak convergence and oftentimes viewed weak convergence as preferable. In 1929, Banach introduced weak convergence for normed spaces and also introduced the analogous weak-* convergence. The weak topology is also called topologie faible and schwache Topologie.
The weak and strong topologies
Let be a topological field, namely a field with a topology such that addition, multiplication, and division are continuous. In most applications will be either the field of complex numbers or the field of real numbers with the familiar topologies.
Weak topology with respect to a pairing
Both the weak topology and the weak* topology are special cases of a more general construction for pairings, which we now describe.
The benefit of this more general construction is that any definition or result proved for it applies to both the weak topology and the weak* topology, thereby making redundant the need for many definitions, theorem statements, and proofs. This is also the reason why the weak* topology is also frequently referred to as the "weak topology"; because it is just an instance of the weak topology in the setting of this more general construction.
Suppose is a pairing of vector spaces over a topological field (i.e. and are vector spaces over and is a bilinear map).
Notation. For all , let denote the linear functional on defined by . Similarly, for all , let be defined by .
Definition. The weak topology on induced by (and ) is the weakest topology on , denoted by or simply , making all maps continuous, as ranges over .
The weak topology on is now automatically defined as described in the article Dual system. However, for clarity, we now repeat it.
Definition. The weak topology on induced by (and ) is the weakest topology on , denoted by or simply , making all maps continuous, as ranges over .
If the field has an absolute value , then the weak topology on is induced by the family of seminorms, , defined by
for all and . This shows that weak topologies are locally convex.
Assumption. We will henceforth assume that is either the real numbers or the complex numbers .
Canonical duality
We now consider the special case where is a vector subspace of the algebraic dual space of (i.e. a vector space of linear functionals on ).
There is a pairing, denoted by or , called the canonical pairing whose bilinear map is the canonical evaluation map, defined by for all and . Note in particular that is just another way of denoting i.e. .
Assumption. If is a vector subspace of the algebraic dual space of then we will assume that they are associated with the canonical pairing .
In this case, the weak topology on (resp. the weak topology on ), denoted by (resp. by ) is the weak topology on (resp. on ) with respect to the canonical pairing .
The topology is the initial topology of with respect to .
If is a vector space of linear functionals on , then the continuous dual of with respect to the topology is precisely equal to .
The weak and weak* topologies
Let be a topological vector space (TVS) over , that is, is a vector space equipped with a topology so that vector addition and scalar multiplication are continuous. We call the topology that starts with the original, starting, or given topology (the reader is cautioned against using the terms "initial topology" and "strong topology" to refer to the original topology since these already have well-known meanings, so using them may cause confusion). We may define a possibly different topology on using the topological or continuous dual space , which consists of all linear functionals from into the base field that are continuous with respect to the given topology.
Recall that is the canonical evaluation map defined by for all and , where in particular, .
Definition. The weak topology on is the weak topology on with respect to the canonical pairing . That is, it is the weakest topology on making all maps continuous, as ranges over .
Definition: The weak topology on is the weak topology on with respect to the canonical pairing . That is, it is the weakest topology on making all maps continuous, as ranges over . This topology is also called the weak* topology.
We give alternative definitions below.
Weak topology induced by the continuous dual space
Alternatively, the weak topology on a TVS is the initial topology with respect to the family . In other words, it is the coarsest topology on X such that each element of remains a continuous function.
A subbase for the weak topology is the collection of sets of the form where and is an open subset of the base field . In other words, a subset of is open in the weak topology if and only if it can be written as a union of (possibly infinitely many) sets, each of which is an intersection of finitely many sets of the form .
From this point of view, the weak topology is the coarsest polar topology.
Weak convergence
The weak topology is characterized by the following condition: a net in converges in the weak topology to the element of if and only if converges to in or for all .
In particular, if is a sequence in , then converges weakly to if
as for all . In this case, it is customary to write
or, sometimes,
Other properties
If is equipped with the weak topology, then addition and scalar multiplication remain continuous operations, and is a locally convex topological vector space.
If is a normed space, then the dual space is itself a normed vector space by using the norm
This norm gives rise to a topology, called the strong topology, on . This is the topology of uniform convergence. The uniform and strong topologies are generally different for other spaces of linear maps; see below.
Weak-* topology
The weak* topology is an important example of a polar topology.
A space can be embedded into its double dual X** by
Thus is an injective linear mapping, though not necessarily surjective (spaces for which this canonical embedding is surjective are called reflexive). The weak-* topology on is the weak topology induced by the image of . In other words, it is the coarsest topology such that the maps Tx, defined by from to the base field or remain continuous.
Weak-* convergence
A net in is convergent to in the weak-* topology if it converges pointwise:
for all . In particular, a sequence of converges to provided that
for all . In this case, one writes
as .
Weak-* convergence is sometimes called the simple convergence or the pointwise convergence. Indeed, it coincides with the pointwise convergence of linear functionals.
Properties
If is a separable (i.e. has a countable dense subset) locally convex space and H is a norm-bounded subset of its continuous dual space, then H endowed with the weak* (subspace) topology is a metrizable topological space. However, for infinite-dimensional spaces, the metric cannot be translation-invariant. If is a separable metrizable locally convex space then the weak* topology on the continuous dual space of is separable.
Properties on normed spaces
By definition, the weak* topology is weaker than the weak topology on . An important fact about the weak* topology is the Banach–Alaoglu theorem: if is normed, then the closed unit ball in is weak*-compact (more generally, the polar in of a neighborhood of 0 in is weak*-compact). Moreover, the closed unit ball in a normed space is compact in the weak topology if and only if it is reflexive.
In more generality, let be locally compact valued field (e.g., the reals, the complex numbers, or any of the p-adic number systems). Let be a normed topological vector space over , compatible with the absolute value in . Then in , the topological dual space of continuous -valued linear functionals on , all norm-closed balls are compact in the weak-* topology.
If is a normed space, a version of the Heine-Borel theorem holds. In particular, a subset of the continuous dual is weak* compact if and only if it is weak* closed and norm-bounded. This implies, in particular, that when is an infinite-dimensional normed space then the closed unit ball at the origin in the dual space of does not contain any weak* neighborhood of 0 (since any such neighborhood is norm-unbounded). Thus, even though norm-closed balls are compact, X* is not weak* locally compact.
If is a normed space, then is separable if and only if the weak-* topology on the closed unit ball of is metrizable, in which case the weak* topology is metrizable on norm-bounded subsets of . If a normed space has a dual space that is separable (with respect to the dual-norm topology) then is necessarily separable. If is a Banach space, the weak-* topology is not metrizable on all of unless it is finite-dimensional.
Examples
Hilbert spaces
Consider, for example, the difference between strong and weak convergence of functions in the Hilbert space . Strong convergence of a sequence to an element means that
as . Here is the notion of convergence corresponds to the norm on .
In contrast weak convergence only demands that
for all functions (or, more typically, all f in a dense subset of such as a space of test functions, if the sequence {ψk} is bounded). For given test functions, the relevant notion of convergence only corresponds to the topology used in .
For example, in the Hilbert space , the sequence of functions
form an orthonormal basis. In particular, the (strong) limit of as does not exist. On the other hand, by the Riemann–Lebesgue lemma, the weak limit exists and is zero.
Distributions
One normally obtains spaces of distributions by forming the strong dual of a space of test functions (such as the compactly supported smooth functions on ). In an alternative construction of such spaces, one can take the weak dual of a space of test functions inside a Hilbert space such as . Thus one is led to consider the idea of a rigged Hilbert space.
Weak topology induced by the algebraic dual
Suppose that is a vector space and X# is the algebraic dual space of (i.e. the vector space of all linear functionals on ). If is endowed with the weak topology induced by X# then the continuous dual space of is , every bounded subset of is contained in a finite-dimensional vector subspace of , every vector subspace of is closed and has a topological complement.
Operator topologies
If and are topological vector spaces, the space of continuous linear operators may carry a variety of different possible topologies. The naming of such topologies depends on the kind of topology one is using on the target space to define operator convergence . There are, in general, a vast array of possible operator topologies on , whose naming is not entirely intuitive.
For example, the strong operator topology on is the topology of pointwise convergence. For instance, if is a normed space, then this topology is defined by the seminorms indexed by :
More generally, if a family of seminorms Q defines the topology on , then the seminorms on defining the strong topology are given by
indexed by and .
In particular, see the weak operator topology and weak* operator topology.
See also
Eberlein compactum, a compact set in the weak topology
Weak convergence (Hilbert space)
Weak-star operator topology
Weak convergence of measures
Topologies on spaces of linear maps
Topologies on the set of operators on a Hilbert space
Vague topology
References
Bibliography
General topology
Topology
Topology of function spaces
Raphael's Ephemeris is an ephemeris, or set of tables, used in astrology to determine the position of the Sun, Moon and planets. Raphael was a pseudonym used by the original author of the ephemeris, Robert Cross Smith.
History
An ephemeris is a table of the calculated positions of astronomical objects and various other data, usually for a specific time of the day, either noon or midnight. A uniform time measurement is needed to establish accuracy, and ephemerides will use variously Greenwich Mean Time, Universal Time or Ephemeris Time. Historically, the ephemeris was used for astrology and dates back to ancient Babylon. However, ephemerides became highly useful to navigators and astronomers, and were officially recognised by governments from about the early modern period. The first national astronomical ephemeris, Connaissance de Temps, was published in France in 1679. In 1767 came the Nautical Almanac and Astronomical Ephemeris, which is issued annually by the Royal Observatory at Greenwich.
Publishing history
Raphael's Ephemeris was first issued as part of an almanac entitled The Prophetic Messenger in the early nineteenth century. 'Raphael', the name given to one of three archangels in the Old Testament, was used as a pseudonym by Robert Cross Smith (1795–1832), a former carpenter who had developed an interest in astrology. Smith first used the pseudonym in 1824 when he edited a periodical called The Straggling Astrologer, later re-published as The Astrologer of the Nineteenth Century. He also referred to himself as the ‘Royal Merlin'.
The Straggling Astrologer was a relative failure, but by 1827 Smith had assumed editorship of The Prophetic Messenger, which was read widely by astrologers of the day, and contributed to a renaissance of interest in astrology in the nineteenth century.
Raphael's Ephemeris was issued as a separate publication after Smith's death, whilst others adopted and continued with the name 'Raphael'. The "second Raphael" was John Palmer (1807–1837), a former student of Smith's, who edited Raphael's Sanctuary of the Astral Art in 1834; the third was a Mr. Medhurst, the editor of the Prophetic Messenger between c. 1837–1847. Smith is sometimes confused with ‘Edwin Raphael', who in fact was the pseudonym for the succeeding Raphael, (number four) a certain Mr. Wakeley (d. 1852). Number five was a Mr. Sparkes (1820–1875), editor of the Prophetic Messenger from 1852 to 1872, who even briefly edited Raphael's Ephemeris' main rival at the time, Zadkiel's Almanac. ('Zadkiel' was the pseudonym of Richard James Morrison, an astrologer/inventor whose almanac dates back to 1831.) Robert Thomas Cross (1850–1923) became the next Raphael, obtaining the copyright to the publication at some time in the 1870s.
Robert Cross Smith was also responsible for popularising the system of astrological house division known as the Placidean, after the Italian monk Placidus de Titus (d. 1668). Placidus house tables, for locations in northern latitudes, are still listed in Raphael's Ephemeris, nowadays issued by W. Foulsham, a British publisher founded in 1819. (They first published Raphael's in 1836.)
The latest ephemerides have been calculated using data obtained from the astronomical ephemerides produced by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California.
References
External links
‘The Seven Faces of Raphael', by Kim Farnell
A Manual of Astrology, or The Book of the Stars, by Raphael (Robert Cross Smith) 1828.
The Familiar Astrologer, by Raphael (Robert Cross Smith) 1832.
The Guide to Astrology: containing a complete system of genethliacal astrology, by Raphael, 1905.
Astrological almanacs
, was a Japanese variety show. It premiered on December 8, 1991 and ended its run on November 2, 1997. It aired on Fuji TV every Sunday night. Hosted by the comedy duo Downtown (consisting of Masatoshi Hamada and Hitoshi Matsumoto), it had several other actors and comedians in its regular cast, including You, Koji Imada, Koji Higashino, Itsuji Itao, Ryoko Shinohara and Honkon (Takahiro Kurano).
Like most other Japanese variety shows, it featured guest interviews and games, but it is best known and remembered for its sketch comedy. Downtown and other cast members would dress in costumes and perform absurd skits with bizarre characters.
Recurring Sketches and Characters
AHO AHO MAN
Moron Moron Man. A fecal-filled-underwear-wearing superhero (played by Matsumoto) who has to save a young boy named Kentarō (played by Hamada) from the evil Ohoho Aliens. As his name suggests, he shows little intelligence or common sense and constantly pulls out useless "aho aho items" that have no effect on the villains. In the end, Kentarō loses his temper over the hero's ineptitude and defeats the aliens himself.
Seikimatsu Sentai Gorenjai
Translating to English as End of Century Heroes Five Range-i, it is a parody of Himitsu Sentai Gorenger -- the last syllable in renjaa ("ranger") is replaced to avoid copyright issues. Each episode begins with the evil Dokuro Kamen ("Skull Mask", played by Hamada) attacking a woman (played by You) in her home. The sentai heroes, the five renjai, then burst into the scene one at a time to save her and attempt to fight Dokuro Kamen, who is too distracted and unable to fight due to their appearances.
In the first episode, they have three red renjai and two yellow (breaking the usual sentai convention of having each hero in a different colour). Dokuro Kamen lectures them and tells them to try better next time. Each subsequent episode has Dokuro Kamen attacking the same woman in the same room (often stopping for a friendly chat with the lady's friend before he attacks her), and the renjai appearing in mismatched costumes -- such as Tiger Mask, Falkor, and a waitress from a No-pan Shabu shabu-- or ridiculously modified versions of their uniforms. The episodes end with Dokuro Kamen scolding the renjai, pointing out exactly what is wrong, and sending them off home.
Mr. BATER
Matsumoto plays an American living in Japan, Mr. Bater (hailing from Oklahoma), who wears glasses and a white suit and speaks in the kansai dialect. In each episode, he enters a small business (such as a clothing store, barber, and jewelry store) always run by the same clerk (played by Kōji Imada), a well-meaning but dim-witted man who never speaks. Mr. Bater claims he is on his way to a party and makes a simple request, such as meat for a barbecue, or a new pair of shoes. The clerk mishears or misinterprets his requests and brings him the wrong item, e.g. a jyūtan (carpet) instead of gyūtan (beef tongue). Mr. Bater plays the clown for a brief moment and goes along with it (called norittsukomi), until he snaps back into "straight man" mode and angrily points out the clerk's mistake. This repeats until Mr. Bater finally gets fed up and storms out, as the clerk smiles at the camera. "Bater" is a foreign sounding pronunciation of the Japanese word "Beta," which means lame. Matsumoto also frequently mentions Imada's real life sexual escapades in passing, resulting in a very flustered Imada.
Hōkago Denjiha Kurabu
Translating to English as After School Electromagnetic Wave Club, this sketch features Kōji Imada and Kōji Higashi as "North Pole" and "South Pole," wearing nothing but helmets, gloves, and revealing thongs and holding giant U-shaped magnets. They act like characters in an after school special, teaching the viewers business world manners. The magnets, as they proclaim, are used to "draw out evil." Due to their skimpy attire, a mosaic is often applied over their groins whenever there is wardrobe malfunction.
Imada and Higashi's outrageous appearances have caused screenshots of their characters to be widely circulated on the Internet.
Tokage no Ossan
Old Man Lizard, Matsumoto plays a lonely half-lizard, half-middle aged man who lives in the park. A young boy named Masa (played by Hamada) feeds him on a regular basis. When Masa reveals he has less time for the lizard man now that he has a pet dog, the lizard man tries to convince him to let him live in his house as a second pet. The first episode of "Tokage no Ossan" was broadcast simultaneously during a major sporting event, so Downtown simply ad-libbed most of the dialogue and worked quite loosely with the long sketch out of the expectation that nobody was watching anyway, but it eventually became famous enough to warrant repeat episodes.
Shota
Itsuji Itao plays a man attending the funeral services for a young boy named Shota (Matsumoto). Unbeknownst to everyone else at the service, Shota, oblivious to his recently departed status, is bored and appears before Itao and asks if he wants to play. Itao initially refuses, trying to tell Shota that he is dead. Somehow, Shota's pranks appear to happen in real life. Itao tries to cover up Shota's pranks by playing along, such as singing on a mini-karaoke machine Shota produces, making noises when Shota sets off some firecrackers, and even engaging in a wrestling match with a monk. The pranks get increasingly erratic, perturbing the bereaved family (Hamada and You) and the monk (Higashino) performing the service. The skit ends with Itao driving everyone away from the funeral.
Japanese variety television shows
1991 Japanese television series debuts
1997 Japanese television series endings
Fuji TV original programming
Netstal railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Glarus in the Swiss canton of Glarus. It is an intermediate stop on the Weesen to Linthal railway line, and serves the village of Netstal.
The station is served by Zürich S-Bahn service S25 between Zurich and Linthal, and by St. Gallen S-Bahn service S6 between Rapperswil and Schwanden. Both services operate once per hour, combining to provide two trains per hour between Ziegelbrücke and Schwanden.
Services
the following services stop at Netstal:
St. Gallen S-Bahn : hourly service between and .
Zürich S-Bahn : hourly service between Zürich Hauptbahnhof and .
References
External links
Netstal
Netstal
Tousseguela is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 4894.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
The men's road race at the 1996 UCI Road World Championships was the 63rd edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 13 October 1996 in Lugano, Switzerland. The race was won by Johan Museeuw of Belgium.
Final classification
References
Men's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race
Sir Frank Madden (29 November 1847 – 17 February 1921) was an Irish-born Australian politician who served as the Speaker of the Victorian Legislative Assembly.
Madden was born in Cork to solicitor John Madden and Margaret Macoboy. His family migrated to Melbourne in 1857; Madden subsequently worked as a jackeroo near Skipton before becoming a solicitor. In 1874 he married Annie Eliza Francis, with whom he had seven children. He founded the firm of Madden & Butler and also served as president of the Law Institute from 1886 to 1887.
Madden was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly in 1894, representing Eastern Suburbs. He transferred to Boroondara in 1904, and was elected Speaker. He was knighted in 1911, and remained in the Speaker's chair until his defeat in 1917. Madden died in Kew in 1921.
Madden was a close friend of the poet Adam Lindsay Gordon and walked home with Gordon from Melbourne to St Kilda (in the years before public trams were introduced to Melbourne) on the night before Gordon's suicide in June 1870.
References
1847 births
1921 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Speakers of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Australian Knights Bachelor
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Somersville (sometimes spelled Summersville) is an unincorporated community in York Township, Union County, Ohio, United States. It is located at , at the intersection of Ohio State Routes 31 and 47.
History
The community of Somersville was laid in 1834 by Thomas Price and William Somers. The Bokes Creek Post Office was established April 26, 1850, with Amon S. Davis as postmaster, and was discontinued on June 30, 1904. As of 1877, the town contained two grocery stores, a blacksmith shop, a shoe shop, and one physician. The mail service is now sent through the Peoria Post Office.
References
Unincorporated communities in Union County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Here We Go! is the second studio album by Japanese boy band Arashi. It is the first studio album to be released under their new label J Storm after moving from the Pony Canyon label. The album was released in Japan on July 17, 2002, in two editions: a regular edition and a first-press limited edition. Both editions bear different covers. It was certified gold by the RIAJ in July 2002. The album was released digitally on February 7, 2020.
Singles
The album includes the singles "A Day in Our Life", the main theme song for the drama Kisarazu Cat's Eye starring V6 member Junichi Okada, Arashi member Sho Sakurai, Ryuta Sato and Yoshinori Okada, and "Nice na Kokoroiki", the eleventh ending theme song for the anime Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Kōen-mae Hashutsujo.
Track listing
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Certifications
References
External links
Here We Go! product information
2002 albums
Arashi albums
J Storm albums
İmamhüseyin, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
There are thousands of Jordanians living in the United Arab Emirates. , their population was estimated at 250,000, an increase from 80,000 in 2003, making them one of the largest Jordanian diaspora communities both worldwide and in the Persian Gulf region and also form the second largest community of non-citizen Arabs in the UAE after the Egyptians. Most Jordanians live in Dubai and the capital, Abu Dhabi.
Economic status
Jordanian labour is in high value and demand throughout the country. Many Jordanians are highly qualified and occupy jobs which require skilled training. Most work in white-collar jobs as professors, managers, bankers, doctors, and engineers.
The UAE has previously initiated a number of developments and construction projects in Jordan, many of which have been designed to allow Jordanians living in Dubai to invest in their home country.
In 2010, Emirates Post collaborated with Jordan Post to activate an efficient money transfer service which would enable people living in the UAE to send money to Jordan in 'less than 24 hours.' The agreement was thought to be beneficial for hundreds of Jordanian expatriates living in the UAE who could now send money back home on a low transfer fee.
Notable people
Emirati people of Jordanian origin include:
Princess Haya bint Al Hussein of Dubai
Al Jalila bint Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, daughter of Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum and Princess Haya of Dubai
See also
Jordanian American
Jordan – United Arab Emirates relations
References
External links
Jordanian family misses home on Eid: Gulf News
Arabs in the United Arab Emirates
United Arab Emirates
The following lists events that happened during 1959 in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Incumbents
Events
January – March
1 February – Elections are held to the Chamber of Deputies. The Christian Social People's Party loses 5 seats, while the Democratic Party gains five.
23 February – Prime Minister Pierre Frieden dies in Zürich, twenty-two days after winning re-election.
2 March – Pierre Werner becomes Prime Minister, seven days after the death of his Christian Social People's Party colleague Pierre Frieden. He forms a new government in coalition with the Democratic Party, with Eugène Schaus in the new office as Deputy Prime Minister.
11 March – Luxembourg misses the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time: the only time before the country's withdrawal from the contest since 1993.
April – June
7 June – Charly Gaul wins the 1959 Giro d'Italia.
July – September
4 August – Nicolas Margue is appointed to the Council of State.
October – December
30 December – Paul Wilwertz is re-appointed to the Council of State, having previously been a member from 1945 to 1954.
Births
12 April – Andy Bausch, film director
18 May – Ranga Yogeshwar, scientist
28 September – Michel Margue, historian
30 September – , politician
8 October – Claude Michely, cyclist
12 December – Patrick Hastert, actor
28 December – Antoine, Prince of Ligne
Deaths
23 February – Pierre Frieden, politician and Prime Minister
7 June – Victor Prost, politician
22 July – Robert Bruch, linguist
24 September – Jean Schaack, painter
26 September – Ernest Hamelius, politician and banker
4 October – Romain Nati, Councillor of State
2 December – Leo Müller, politician and journalist
4 December – Jean-Pierre Ries, clergyman
Footnotes
References
Bahçeyaka is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Densar is a poorly attested Bayono–Awbono language spoken in the highlands of Papua Province, Indonesia. Glottolog tentatively groups it with Awbono.
All that is known of Densar is a few dozen words given in Wilbrink (2004). The language had been recorded by Wilbrink during a sago grub festival in Seradela District, Yahukimo Regency in April 2001.
Vocabulary
A 42-word list of Densar is provided by Wilbrink (2004).
{| class="wikitable sortable"
! no. !! gloss !! Densar
|-
| 1 || head || ˈbabi
|-
| 2 || hair || babaˈmina
|-
| 3 || eye || s̪uˈki
|-
| 4 || ear || kɔbuˈka
|-
| 5 || nose || bɔnteˈmɔn
|-
| 6 || mouth || bɔʰɔmˈka
|-
| 8 || tooth || iˈbi
|-
| 9 || tongue || ˈkibʏn
|-
| 10 || upper arm || ˈdimɾʏ
|-
| 11 || elbow || dɪˈdamu
|-
| 12 || finger || dɪˈdja
|-
| 13 || fingernail || dɪˈɾa
|-
| 14 || breast || ʔaˈma
|-
| 15 || stomach || s̪ɪŋˈkɛ
|-
| 16 || liver || guˈmɔ
|-
| 17 || leg || neˈqa
|-
| 20 || skin || [digjɔ]qa
|-
| 21 || blood || t̪ɵˈɾɔ
|-
| 22 || bone || kuˈɾa/[dɪˈba]kɵˈɾu
|-
| 23 || flesh || ˈjabe
|-
| 97 || stone || tuum
|-
| 101 || water || ɒ
|-
| 103 || river || ɒ
|-
| 104 || lake || ɒkuɾɪŋjæn
|-
| 112 || star || qaniˈni
|-
| 113 || fire || ni
|-
| 114 || smoke || tiŋˈgɔ
|-
| 154 || one || jã
|-
| 155 || two || ˈjãmɾʏ
|-
| 156 || three || bɾʊmˈɾʊ/ˈbɾʊmɾʊ
|-
| 157 || four || ʔɔˈtɛɛmɾʊ
|-
| 158 || five || ʔɔˈtɔgwa
|-
| 159 || six || gɔˈtɔŋwa
|-
| 160 || seven || gɔˈgɔga
|-
| 161 || eight || ˈogbenugwa
|-
| 162 || nine || mɔˈtuʷga
|-
| 163 || ten || ɵˈmɪŋga
|-
| 179 || wet || ɒt̪aɾiˈɾi
|-
| 222 || burn (intr.) || aɾudɪhɪnjã
|-
| 240 || heart || guˈmɔ
|-
| 253 || heavy || kɔ̃n
|-
| 269 || sick || tuˈkɾu
|}
References
Bayono–Awbono languages
San Nicolás is a Chilean town and commune in Punilla Province, Ñuble Region.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, San Nicolás spans an area of and has 9,741 inhabitants (5,032 men and 4,709 women). Of these, 3,428 (35.2%) lived in urban areas and 6,313 (64.8%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 2.6% (246 persons).
Administration
As a commune, San Nicolás is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Víctor Ramón Toro Leiva (PDC).The municipal council has the following members:
Feliciano Arnoldo Parra Pérez (PDC)
Elena Rivas Toro (PRI)
Rogelio Hernandez Gonzalez (PS)
Luis Antonio Guzmán Álvarez (RN)
Ramón Toro Leiva (PDC)
Manuel Bello Núñez (PPD)
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, San Nicolás is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Jorge Sabag (PDC) and Frank Sauerbaum (RN) as part of the 42nd electoral district, together with San Fabián, Ñiquén, San Carlos, Ninhue, Quirihue, Cobquecura, Treguaco, Portezuelo, Coelemu, Ránquil, Quillón, Bulnes, Cabrero and Yumbel. The commune is represented in the Senate by Alejandro Navarro Brain (MAS) and Hosain Sabag Castillo (PDC) as part of the 12th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Cordillera).
External links
Municipality of San Nicolás
References
Communes of Chile
Populated places in Punilla Province
Wild Nights with Emily is a 2018 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Madeleine Olnek. It stars Molly Shannon as Emily Dickinson, as well as Amy Seimetz, Susan Ziegler, Brett Gelman, Jackie Monahan, Kevin Seal, Dana Melanie, Sasha Frolova, Lisa Haas and Stella Chesnut. The film is based on the actual events of Emily Dickinson's life, including her process as a writer, her attempts to get published, and her lifelong romantic relationship with another woman.
It had its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 11, 2018, and was released in the US on April 12, 2019, by Greenwich Entertainment.
The film was nominated for the Independent Spirit John Cassavetes Award at the 35th Independent Spirit Awards.
Plot
In her teens, Emily Dickinson befriends Susan Gilbert during a recitation of the Amherst's Shakespeare Society, and during a scene in which they play lovers, a romance blossoms. On a stroll afterward, they kiss. Emily's family leaves for a month-long trip, and Susan stays with Emily for the duration. They continue to spend time together, concealing the romantic aspect of their relationship from others.
Susan gets a teaching job out west, and they write countless love letters to each other's while she is away. When she returns, Emily is surprised to learn that Susan has been betrothed to Emily's brother Austin, which Susan had kept secret from her. Susan apologizes to Emily and explains that it's all part of a greater scheme: Susan cannot financially support herself without getting married, and by marrying Austin they can build a house right next door to Emily and no one will suspect their romance.
Twenty years later, Emily and Susan live next door to each other, and Susan's children deliver their countless notes back and forth between the two houses. Emily shows Susan the poems she has written, some of which are written on scraps of paper and in the margins of recipes, and many of which mention Susan by name. Emily also likes to garden and bake bread for the neighborhood children.
During a period when Susan is too busy to speak to Emily, a recently widowed Kate Scott Turner travels to stay with Susan. But Kate turns out to be more interested in Emily, and ends up staying at her place instead. Kate leaves suddenly, and Emily tells Susan she wishes she'd had a chance to say goodbye and give Kate the pair of garters she sewed for her. Susan is jealous because Emily never made garters for her.
Emily receives the company of Judge Otis Phillips Lords, an old man who confuses the Brontë sisters (describing the book “Wuthering Jane”), falls asleep mid conversation, and calls Emily "plain". While on his way out he stumbles, and as the same moment Emily reaches out to help him, Susan walks in, catching them mid-embrace.
Thomas Wentworth Higginson also visits Emily after she writes about publishing her poems. During their meeting he corrects her on what the meaning of poetry is, describes how women's writing is different than men's writing, and even copy-edits one of her poems right in front of her. He tells her the poems are not ready for publication.
Mabel Todd first comes to Emily's house on an invitation to play the piano for Emily, but is surprised when the maid tells her that she will play alone in the drawing room, and that Emily will remain upstairs to listen to the music while she writes. Mabel meets Austin after moving to Amherst, and they began an affair. They have little shame about it, and frequently appear in public together. They often go to Emily's house to have sex, which Emily avoids by staying in her room. Mabel suggests to Austin that they publish their love letters, but Austin finds that idea too scandalous and tells her to seek for a creative outlet elsewhere.
Emily suddenly becomes ill and passes away. Her sister Lavinia asks Susan to wash the body for burial. After her death, Mabel discovers a chest full of Emily's poems and letters, but she realizes that many of the best ones are addressed to Susan. She enlists the help of Austin to erase all the instances of "Susan" and replace them with men's names instead.
Years later after Emily's work has become successful, Mabel gives a talk to a large group of society women. She tells them that because Emily was such an eccentric recluse, she only saw her face once: in the casket of her funeral. She explains that her poems must have been directed to Judge Otis, and that she added titles to all the poems so that audiences would know exactly what they were about. Emily's niece also gives a lecture about how her aunt and mother were secret lovers, but only three people attend.
The film ends with titles explaining that recent technology has revealed Mabel's erasures and shown that the love letters were indeed written to Susan.
Cast
Molly Shannon as Adult Emily
Dana Melanie as Young Emily
Amy Seimetz as Mabel
Susan Ziegler as Adult Susan
Sasha Frolova as Young Susan
Brett Gelman as Higginson
Jackie Monahan as Adult Lavina
Margot Kistler as Young Lavina
Kevin Seal as Adult Austin
John Pena Griswold as Young Austin
Lisa Haas as Maggie
Casper Andreas as Joseph Lyman
Allison Lane as The Widow Kate
Robert McCaskill as Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Albiero as David Peck Todd
Al Sutton
Stella Chestnut
Production
Wild Nights with Emily was originally performed as a play at New York's WOW Café in 1999, and was also produced by Chicago's Caffeine Theatre in 2010 as well as in Boston and Alaska. When she was in college, Olnek used to say that she aspired to be "the Emily Dickinson of comedy" because of the conception at the time that Dickinson had been miserable, but she later found out Dickinson was actually really funny. Olnek was inspired to write Wild Nights with Emily when she read an article in The New York Times Magazine about how new advances in science were changing perceptions of historical figures, and which described how Dickinson's correspondence was altered to conceal her lifelong relationship with another woman. This was contrary to the popular conceptions of Dickinson's life and personality. Research of the film had support from Harvard University Press and the Guggenheim Foundation. Olnek used quotes from Dickinson's letters and poems in Wild Nights with Emily, as to tell the story of this lifelong romantic relationship in Dickinson's own words. The quotes that are used in the film are sometimes spoken and sometimes displayed on the screen.
Olnek knew many of the actors in the film from working with them in the past. She attended NYU with Molly Shannon, and had directed a performance with Shannon for which she first created the character Mary Katherine Gallagher. All these years, Olnek decided to wait to work with Shannon again until she had a story with enough "depth and scale", and Shannon was surprised to be asked because Emily Dickinson is not the type of role that Hollywood would typically offer her. Olnek originally met Amy Seimetz at various film festivals and had always wanted to work with her, and Brett Gelman was recommended by Shannon.
A rough cut of the film won the "US in Progress" award at the Champs-Élysées Film Festival, including a prize of €50,000 for post production and promotion.
Olnek has credited Drunk History as an inspiration for the tone of the film. She thought it was important to include comedy because she has noticed that "some people don't like to be lectured about feminism".
Release and reception
The film premiered at the SXSW film festival. Greenwich Entertainment acquired the distribution rights in November 2018, and it was released in theaters on April 12, 2019. The film was rated PG-13 for "sexual content" by the Motion Picture Association of America, which was given to the film due to a scene in which Austin and Mabel make moaning noises, according to Olnek.
The film holds rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, with reviews counted, with an average rating of . The website's critics consensus reads, "Silly yet deceptively smart, Wild Nights with Emily approaches its oft-investigated subject from a unique -- and utterly entertaining -- vantage point." After getting initial reviews about rewriting history, Olnek put together a 40-page "historical packet" to explain the research that supports the film.
"The Emily of Olnek's film is not a melancholic recluse, but the heroine of a romantic comedy" according to the New York Times, Wild Nights With Emily "wrestles with serious themes, dramatizes fully realized relationships, and poses pointed questions about how legacies are devised and maintained."
Natalie Goldberg, author of the all-time best-selling writers handbook, "Writing Down The Bones," says, "Wild Nights With Emily is a wonderful film to show in schools, for students young and old! I loved this film- it's essential viewing for all students of literature." Critic Alissa Wilkinson included it on her "21 Best Films of 2019" list on VOX, declaring, "Move over, Dickinson. The best, funniest, most affecting on-screen Emily Dickinson of 2019 arrived via Wild Nights with Emily."
It became available on DVD and digital streaming beginning February 11, 2020, including on Kanopy for schools and educational purposes.
References
External links
An artist statement from director Madeleine Olnek
2010s feminist films
2018 films
2018 LGBT-related films
2018 romantic comedy films
American biographical films
American LGBT-related films
American romantic comedy films
Biographical films about poets
Comedy films based on actual events
Cultural depictions of Emily Dickinson
2010s English-language films
Films about writers
Films set in Massachusetts
Films set in the 19th century
Lesbian-related films
LGBT-related romantic comedy films
Biographical films about LGBT people
2010s American films
The following is a family tree of Korean monarchs.
Goguryeo
Baekje
Silla
Silla (57 BC – 935 CE) was one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. In the early years, Silla was ruled by the Pak, Seok, and Kim families. Rulers of Silla had various titles, including Isageum, Maripgan, and Daewang. Like some Baekje kings, some declared themselves emperor.
|-
|style="text-align: left;"|Notes:
Balhae
Goryeo
The Goryeo dynasty ruled in Korea from 918 to 1392. It comprised 34 kings in 17 generations. What follows is, first, a selective genealogy of the reigning Wang clan, and second, a table showing the relations between the Mongol-led Yuan dynasty and Goryeo royalty.
Marriage relations with Mongol Empire
|-
|style="text-align: left;"|Notes:
Joseon and Korean Empire
– – – – – – - The dashed lines denote the adoptions
See also
History of Korea
List of monarchs of Korea
House of Yi
Notes
References
Family trees
Korean royalty
Dynasty genealogy
Jay Alexander (born April 10, 1968) is an American magician and comedian known as a corporate and society entertainer. He has appeared on The Today Show, Good Morning America and MTV, and also on many local morning shows.
In the San Francisco Chronicle, David Lazarus wrote, "One of the highest-paid, and busiest, performers on the Bay Area corporate circuit is magician Jay Alexander . . ."
Alexander creates customized shows for Fortune 500 companies and is a consultant and co-author of several magic books. Alexander is also the host of Learn the Art of Magic, a CD-ROM that introduces 26 different magic tricks. At the age of fourteen, he became the youngest recipient of the Society of American Magicians' Gold Medal of Honor.
His clients have included Robin Williams, Steve Wozniak and the Rolling Stones.
Jay Alexander directed the notable children's DVD "Here Comes Boswick the Clown with Phoebe the Duck!", produced by David Magidson.
Alexander was born in Houston, Texas. He is the great grandson of the vaudeville performer, Gentleman Ben Darwin. As a child, Alexander found a trunk in his grandparents' attic filled with gear for magic and escapes. His interest in magic took off from there. His grandfather, Joseph Pfeffer (1917-2014), was a World War II veteran who served in the United States Marine Corps who went on to become a Holocaust artist and poet.
At the age of fourteen, Alexander was honored to be the youngest recipient of the Society of American Magicians Gold Medal of Honor. He attended Westbury High School then the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in Houston.
After high school, Alexander moved to San Francisco to attend the San Francisco Art Institute, perform, and be part of the art and music scene of the Haight-Ashbury.
References
External links
Jay Alexander official site
1968 births
Living people
Entertainers from Houston
American magicians
High School for the Performing and Visual Arts alumni
Riverton is an unincorporated community in Gill Township, Sullivan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Riverton was laid out in 1887, and was named after its location on the Wabash River. A post office was established at Riverton in 1887, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1905.
Geography
Riverton is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Sullivan County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Terre Haute metropolitan area
Alfred Walter Stewart (5 September 1880 – 1 July 1947) was a British chemist and part-time novelist who wrote seventeen detective novels and a pioneering science fiction work between 1923 and 1947 under the pseudonym of JJ Connington. He created several fictional detectives, including Superintendent Ross and Chief Constable Sir Clinton Driffield.
Biography
Born in Glasgow in 1880, Stewart was the youngest of three sons of the Reverend Dr. Stewart, Clerk to the University Senate and Professor of Divinity. After attending Glasgow High School he entered Glasgow University, graduating 1902, taking chemistry as his major. His outstanding performance earned him the Mackay-Smith scholarship.
After spending a year in Marburg engaging in research under Theodor Zincke, he was elected to an 1851 Exhibition Scholarship and then in 1903 entered University College, London. Here he began independent research. His work, which formed part of his thesis, gained him a DSc degree from Glasgow University in 1907 and he was soon elected to a Carnegie Research Fellowship (1905–1908).
He decided to pursue an academic career and in 1908 wrote Recent Advances in Organic Chemistry which proved to be a popular textbook whose success encouraged him to write a companion volume on Inorganic and Physical Chemistry in 1909.
In 1909 Stewart was appointed to a lectureship in organic chemistry at Queen's University, Belfast and in 1914 was appointed Lecturer in Physical Chemistry and Radioactivity at the University of Glasgow. During World War I he worked for the Admiralty. In 1918 he drew attention to the result of a beta particle change in a radioactive element and suggested the term isobar as complementary to isotope.
He retired from his academic work in 1944 following recurrent heart problems.
Stewart is now chiefly remembered for his first novel, Nordenholt's Million (1923), an early ecocatastrophe disaster novel in which denitrifying bacteria inimical to plant growth run amok and destroy world agriculture. The eponymous plutocrat Nordenholt constructs a refuge for the chosen few in Scotland, fortifying the Clyde valley. The novel is similar in spirit to such disaster stories as Philip Wylie and Edwin Balmer's When Worlds Collide (1933) and anticipates the theme of John Christopher's The Death of Grass (1956).
Dorothy L. Sayers paid tribute to Stewart's The Two Tickets Puzzle in her The Five Red Herrings. She gave him full credit and built on one of his ideas for part of the solution of her mystery.
John Dickson Carr was also an admirer of Stewart's and Carr's first novel in 1930 mentioned two of Stewart's earlier novels with admiration.
Bibliography
Novels
Nordenholt's Million, London, Bombay, Sydney: Constable & Co. Ltd., 1923; repr. New York: Dover Publications, 2016
Almighty Gold, 1924
Death at Swaythling Court, 1926
The Dangerfield Talisman, 1926
Murder in the Maze, 1927
Tragedy at Ravensthorpe, 1927
Mystery at Lynden Sands, 1928
The Case with Nine Solutions, 1928
Nemesis at Raynham Parva, 1929 ( Grim Vengeance)
The Eye in the Museum, 1929
The Two Tickets Puzzle, 1930 (a.k.a. The Two Ticket Puzzle)
The Boathouse Riddle, 1931
The Sweepstake Murders, 1931
The Castleford Conundrum, 1932
Tom Tiddler's Island, 1933 (a.k.a. Gold Brick Island)
The Ha-ha Case,1934 (a.k.a. The Brandon Case)
In Whose Dim Shadow, 1935 (a.k.a. The Tau Cross Mystery)
A Minor Operation, 1937
Truth Comes Limping, 1938
For Murder Will Speak, 1938 (a.k.a. Murder Will Speak)
The Counsellor, 1939
The Four Defences, 1940
The Twenty-one Clues, 1941
No Past Is Dead, 1942
Jack-in-the-Box, 1944
Common Sense Is All You Need, 1947
Short stories
After Death the Doctor. (London) Daily News, 25 to 29 January 1934
Nonfiction
Stereochemistry, 1907
Recent Advances in Organic Chemistry, 1908
Inorganic and Physical Chemistry, 1909
Some Physico-chemical Themes, 1922
Alias J. J. Connington, 1947 (repr. 2015)
References
External links
Obituary of Alfred Walter Stewart (PDF)
Norbert Nail: Genialer Chemiker und Meister des Detektivromans. Mit mathematischer Logik auf Mörderjagd - Das biografische Rätsel rund um die Philipps-Universität, in: Marburger UniJournal Nr. 56 (2018), p. 40; Nr. 57 (2018/19), p. 32
1880 births
1947 deaths
Writers from Glasgow
Scottish novelists
Scottish chemists
Scottish crime fiction writers
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Academics of Queen's University Belfast
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Scottish science fiction writers
20th-century Scottish novelists
Scottish male novelists
Members of the Detection Club
20th-century British male writers
New Hampshire's 3rd congressional district is an obsolete district. It was organized from the State's At-Large District in 1847. It was eliminated after the 1880 Census. The last representative serving the district was Ossian Ray.
List of members representing the district
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
Former congressional districts of the United States
03
Trio con Brio Copenhagen is a piano trio based in Copenhagen, Denmark. It was formed in 1999 and consists of the Danish pianist Jens Elvekjaer and the two South Korean sisters Soo-Jin Hong and Soo-Kyung Hong.
Soo-Jin Hong and Soo-Kyung Hong play an Andrea Guarneri violin and an Amati cello, respectively, and Jens Elvekjaer is the first Danish Steinway Artist.
Biography
The trio was founded by its three members in Vienna in 1999. Its name refers to the composer's instruction allegro con brio "lively with spirit". Sisters Soo-Jin and Soo-Kyung Hong were born in South Korea and had performed together since childhood. They met Elvekjaer while he was studying in Vienna. Soo-Kyung later married Elvekjaer. The trio had its breakthrough when it took the main award at the prestigious German ARD International Music Competition in 2002.
Subsequently Trio con Brio settled in Copenhagen and In 2003 it performed the complete Beethoven piano trio cycle in three concerts at Tivoli Concert Hall in Copenhagen to much critical acclaim. In 2005 Trio con Brio became Ensemble in Residence at Copenhagen's historic Round Tower. These concerts were broadcast on the European Broadcasting Union and the national Danish broadcaster DR.
Parallel to these engagements, Trio con Brio continued to win awards at competitions and festivals around the world, culminating with the highly prestigious Kalichstein-Laredo-Robinson International Trio Award in 2005. This gave them concert engagements in twenty major concert series across the USA as well as a record deal. In their review of trio's resulting debut CD, the American Record Guide wrote: “One of the greatest performances of chamber music I've ever encountered [...] What stands out from this ensemble is the range of tone and sound [...] They command an amazing range of timbres. Melodies sing with an aching sweetness, or seduce with wild eroticism, or haunt with impenetrable mystery" while Gramophone wrote that "it's easy to see what so impressed the judges [...] [the] performances can compete with the best available [...] a superb, greatly gifted chamber group".
Since then the trio has performed at numerous music venues around the world. These include New York's Carnegie Hall.
Concert activities
Trio con Brio Copenhagen tours worldwide, giving concerts in major concert halls and at festivals in Europe, North America and Asia. In Copenhagen the trio gives regular concerts at venues such as the Queen's Hall of the Black Diamond.
Trio con Brio Copenhagen is frequently featured as soloists in Beethoven's Triple Concerto with orchestras such as the Danish National Symphony Orchestra, the Copenhagen Philharmonic, the Polish Chamber Philharmonic Orchestra, l'Orchestre Syrinx (France), and the Prime Philharmonic Orchestra (Korea).
Awards
2nd Prize, Vienna Haydn Competition. Austria
2002 Danish Radio Competition. Denmark
2002 ARD International Music Competition
2002 Premio Trio di Trieste. Italy
2003 Premio Vittorio Gui, Italy
2003 Trondheim Chamber Music Competition . Norway
"Allianz-Preis" for Best Ensemble at the Festspiele Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. Germany
2005 Kalichstein-Laredo-Robinson International Trio Award
Minor planet 6623 Trioconbrio is named after the band.
Discography
Mendelssohn Piano Trios, Marquis Classics 2009
References
External links
Official website
Chamber music groups
Piano trios
Danish musical groups
Danish classical musicians
South Korean classical musicians
Musical groups established in 1999
1999 establishments in Denmark
The black-tailed trogon (Trogon melanurus) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae, the quetzals and trogons. It is found Panama and northern South America.
Taxonomy and systematics
The black-tailed trogon has three subspecies according to the International Ornithological Committee (IOC): the nominate T. m. melanurus, T. m. macroura, and T. m. eumorphus. The Clements taxonomy adds a fourth subspecies, T. m. occidentalis. What is now the Ecuadorian trogon (T. mesurus) was until the early 2000s considered another subspecies. A subspecies of slaty-tailed trogon (T. massena australis) is sometimes treated as a subspecies of black-tailed trogon, and T. m. macroura has been suggested as a separate species.
Description
The black-tailed trogon is long and weighs . The male of the nominate subspecies has a yellow bill and a blackish face and throat with an orange-red ring around the eye. The crown, nape, upperparts, and breast are green. A white band separates the breast from the red belly and vent. The upperside of the tail is deep blue and the underside is slaty gray. The folded wing has fine vermiculation that looks gray at a distance. The female's maxilla is slaty. She is gray where the male is green, and the gray of the breast extends further into the upper belly. Instead of the orange-red ring around the eye there are white arcs before and after it. The male T. m. macrouras wing has coarser vermiculation than the nominate and the upper tail is more turquoise. Its wings and tail are longer. The male T. m. eumorphus is similar to the nominate, but its wings are darker, the tail bluer, and the white breast band narrower. T. m. occidentalis is indistinguishable from eumorphus.
Distribution and habitat
The range of T. m. macroura is separate from that of the other subspecies. It is found in Panama east of the Canal Zone through northern Colombia into extreme northwestern Venezuela. The nominate T. m. melanurus is found from eastern Colombia through southern Venezuela and the Guianas and south in northeastern Brazil as far as Maranhão state. T. m. eumorphus is found south of melanurus, from southern Colombia through eastern Ecuador and Peru into northern Bolivia and east into Amazonian Brazil. When treated separately, T. m. occidentalis is found in the São Paulo region of southeastern Brazil, but that area does not appear on the range maps of black-tailed trogon.
The black-tailed trogon inhabits various landscapes in different parts of its large range. In Panama it occurs in the interior and edges of humid lowland and foothill forests, both primary and secondary. In Venezuela and French Guiana it inhabits rainforest. In Amazonia it is found in several forest types including transitional and swamp forest, gallery forest, and terra firme and várzea forests. In Colombia west of the Andes it ranges as high as but is mostly much lower; east of the Andes it reaches only . In Venezuela north of the Orinoco River it is found only below but ranges up to south of the river.
Behavior
Movement
The black-tailed trogon is resident throughout most of its range, but in Bolivia it is known to move seasonally between dry forest and lowland rainforest.
Feeding
The black-tailed trogon's diet includes a wide variety of insects, and also fruits and occasionally small amphibians and reptiles. It sometimes joins mixed-species foraging flocks in the canopy but also forages lower down.
Breeding
The black-tailed trogon's breeding season varies widely across its large range, from March in Panama to September and October in Peru. It nests in cavities in arboreal termitaria and possibly in decayed trees, though the latter is not well documented. The clutch size is two or three eggs.
Vocalization
The black-tailed trogon's song is "'kwo-kwo-kwo...' in [a] series of up to 46 notes". It also gives "a bubbly purring trill".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the black-tailed trogon as being of The Least Concern. It has a very large range, and though its population has not been quantified it is believed to be stable. It is generally common throughout its range.
References
black-tailed trogon
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
black-tailed trogon
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
In late Egyptian mythology, Wepwawet (hieroglyphic wp-w3w.t; also rendered Upuaut, Wep-wawet, Wepawet, and Ophois) was originally a war deity, whose cult centre was Asyut in Upper Egypt (Lycopolis in the Greco-Roman period). His name means opener of the ways and he is often depicted as a wolf standing at the prow of a solar-boat. Some interpret that Wepwawet was seen as a scout, going out to clear routes for the army to proceed forward. One inscription from the Sinai states that Wepwawet "opens the way" to king Sekhemkhet's victory.
Wepwawet originally was seen as a wolf deity, thus the Greek name of Lycopolis, meaning city of wolves, and it is likely the case that Wepwawet was originally just a symbol of the pharaoh, seeking to associate with wolf-like attributes, that later became deified as a mascot to accompany the pharaoh. Likewise, Wepwawet was said to accompany the pharaoh on hunts, in which capacity he was titled (one with) sharp arrow more powerful than the gods alone.
Over time, the connection to war and thus to death led to Wepwawet also being seen as one who opened the ways to, and through, Duat, for the spirits of the dead. Through this, and the similarity of the jackal to the wolf, Wepwawet became associated with Anubis, a deity that was worshiped in Asyut, eventually being considered his son. Seen as a jackal, he also was said to be Set's son. Consequently, Wepwawet often is confused with Anubis. This deity appears in the Temple of Seti I at Abydos.
In later Egyptian art, Wepwawet was depicted as a wolf or a jackal, or as a man with the head of a wolf or a jackal. Even when considered a jackal, Wepwawet usually was shown with grey, or white fur, reflecting his lupine origins. He was depicted dressed as a soldier, as well as carrying other military equipment—a mace and a bow.
For what generally is considered to be lauding purposes of the pharaohs, a later myth briefly was circulated claiming that Wepwawet was born at the sanctuary of Wadjet, the sacred site for the oldest goddess of Lower Egypt that is located in the heart of Lower Egypt. Consequently, Wepwawet, who had hitherto been the standard of Upper Egypt alone, formed an integral part of royal rituals, symbolizing the unification of Egypt.
In later Pyramid Texts, Wepwawet is called "Ra" who has gone up from the horizon, perhaps as the "opener" of the sky. In the later Egyptian funerary context, Wepwawet assists at the Opening of the mouth ceremony and guides the deceased into the netherworld.
In popular culture
In Crusader Kings III, God Wepwawet is the supreme deity of the Kordofan faith.
Wepwawet is the personal god or totem of Thu, the main character in the “Lady of the Reeds” books by Canadian author Pauline Gedge (House of Dreams, 1994; and House of Illusions, 1996).
Animal origin
The Egyptian jackal (previously Canis aureus lupaster, currently Canis lupaster lupaster) also known as the African wolf or wolf jackal was listed as a subspecies of the golden jackal but molecular and osteological data has established that it is a unique species in its own right. It is native to Egypt, Libya, and Ethiopia, though its post-Pleistocene range once encompassed the Palestine region.
Its closest relatives are the Abyssinian wolf, also known as the red wolf and the king jackal, and the Indian wolf.
The dogs of ancient Egypt were likely domesticated subspecies of one or more of these enigmatic species.
Gallery
See also
List of wolves
References
External links
Egyptian death gods
Egyptian gods
Hellenistic Egyptian deities
War gods
Underworld gods
Animal gods
Mythological canines
Hunting gods
ca:Llista de personatges de la mitologia egípcia#W
Alison Bai (born 18 January 1990) is a professional Australian tennis player. Her highest WTA singles ranking is No. 305, which she reached on 2 November 2015. Her career-high in doubles is No. 125, set on 20 January 2020.
On the ITF Circuit, Bai won her first singles title in 2015 at the $15k event on grass in Mildura having reached the final the previous year. In 2018, she reached the final of the $25k event in Changsha, China, defeating top seed Zhu Lin in the second round.
She has also won thirteen doubles titles on the ITF Circuit, including two titles at $60k tournaments in Canberra (with Zoe Hives in 2017) and Baotou (with Aleksandrina Naydenova in 2018). In 2018, she achieved her best result on the WTA Tour, reaching the doubles semifinal of the Hobart International, partnering Lizette Cabrera.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 3 (1 title, 2 runner-ups)
Doubles: 34 (13 titles, 21 runner-ups)
Notes
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Sportspeople from Canberra
Tennis people from the Australian Capital Territory
Sportswomen from the Australian Capital Territory
Australian people of Chinese descent
Australian people of Filipino descent
Monash University alumni
Sinapali is the main town in Sinapali Tehsil in the south of Nuapada District in Odisha, India.
It is located on the Udanti River, south of the district headquarters of Nuapada (via road NH59) and from Odisha's capital Bhubaneswar. The village has a Gram panchayat (local governing council). Its total geographical area is .
Demographics
According to the 2011 census, the town of Sinapali had the following population characteristics:
Males make up 50.3% of Sinapali's population, whereas 49.7% of the population is female.
The main languages spoken in the Sinpali and Nuapada districts are Sambalpuri, Laria. Odia and English is used in schools in Odisha for higher education.
Culture
Many Sinpali writers have made significant literary contributions. Poets such as Damodar Patra, Manohar Meher, Narayan Bharas Meher, Kandarp Panda, and Gayadhar Patra wrote in Odia during the pre-Independence era. However, the region was included in the Central Province.
Damodar is famous for writing the letter Malashri, a poetic form used mainly when praying to the goddess Durga. His 40 works have been preserved in the History and Archeology Department of Sambalpur University. Manohar Meher is also famous for his work, although most of his pieces have remained unpublished. Dr. Mahendra Kumar Mishra is a well-known folklorist, and his writings include Passeema Odisha folk culture, Kalahandira Loka Sanskriti, oral poetry of Kalahandi, and oral epics of Kalahandi. Dr. Harekrishna Meher is a creative writer, poet, and translator. He has translated Gangadhar Mehar's tapaswini from English, Hindi, and Sanskrit languages and Meghduta into the Sambalpuri language. Chandi Charan Bishi, Benudhar Pandey, Manoj Mehar, and Gobinda Sahu have also made their place in the fields of their writing.
Economy
Sinapali's economy, like the rest of the Nuapada district, depends mainly upon its agricultural and forestry activities. Locals produce non-timber forest products (NTFP) such as the mahua flower, harida, bahada, and tol. Local agriculture is challenging due to limited irrigation facilities (less than 15%, only half of the state average).
Education
Schools
Sinapali High School, Sinapali
Block Colony Nodal Primary School, Sinapali
Central Primary School, Sinapali
Balika Primary School, Sinapali
Female High School, Sinapali
Saraswati Sisumandir, Sinapali
Rising Sun Public School
Vidyarthee Concepts Academy
Rajashree Public School
(Harijan Pada) Primary School, Sinapali
Primary School, Kapsi
Upper Primary School, Kapsi
Prakalpa (No.1) Primary School, Padar Vata, Kapsi
Unitty Computer Education, Near Panchayat Samiti(Block Office), Sinapali
Colleges
Sinapali (Junior) College, Sinapali
Sinapali (Degree) College, Sinapali
Maa Droupadi Jagat Women's College, Kapasi
lochan Jagat women's (Degree) College, Kapasi
G.M. (Junior) College, Hatibandha
Medical facilities
CHC Sinapali, Govt. Hospital, Sinapali – Community health center located in the close vicinity to village residential area. This hospital has a capacity of 20 beds with both allopathy & ayurvedic surgeons available.
District Headquarters Hospital, Nuapada – Government hospital situated in the district headquarters which is about from Sinapali.
Govt. Hospital, Khariar Road
Govt. Hospital, Komana
Govt. Hospital, Khariar
Govt. Hospital, Boden
Thomas Hospital, Khariar Road
Evangelical Hospital, Khariar
Maternal and Child (MCH) Hospital, Khariar
Tourism
Jogimath Brahmanpada, Jharia, Thipakhol, Mulabasa Dam, Liad Project, and Chaura Dangar are the notable tourist areas around Sinapali. Chauta Dangar is the highest mountain range of the Nuapada district, with an elevation of above sea level. There are many caves and natural areas. The elephant-shaped mountain can be spotted from any part of the region. The Samaleswari temple of Baijalpur, the Durga temple, and the Jagannath temple of Sinapali are also tourist destinations. Chhatar Yatra festival during Dashahara attracts many devotees.
Nearest towns
Khariar, 28 km
Boden, 25 km
Dharmagarh, 42 km
Gandabahali,7km
Nuapada, 95 km
Raipur, 209 km
Bhawanipatna, 84 km
Titilagarh, 76 km
Kantabanji, 61 km
Balangir - 100 km
Khariar Road, 105 km
Bongamunda, 48 km
Deovog, 28 km
Gariabandh, 138 km
Junagarh, 60 km
Barpali- 200 km
Bargarh- 260km
sambalpur - 300 km
Bhubneswar- 500km
Places of interest
Sree Jagannath temple, Brahmanpada (old temple of khariar state)
Patalganga
Shiv Temple, Gandabahali
Yogimath-Sib Temple, Brahmanpada
Thipakhol Waterfalls
Budhikomna (Pataleswar)
Sunabeda Wildlife sanctuary
Patora Dam
Panchabati picnic spot, Kapsi
Dweemuhani Sangam (the confluence of river Udanti & Dhangri Jore), Kapsi
Samaleswari Temple, Kapsi
Dhoba Ghat, Kapsi
Maa Durga temple, Sinapali
Jharia, Chatiaguda
Mani Digra, Jugenpadar
Sinapali Jagannath Temple
Thipakhol
Chandrasekhar Mahadeb Temple, Sinapali
Dhansal, Sagunbhadi
Tikhali Dam
Chalana Bardeswar temple, Chalana
Maa Gouri Mandir, Chhot Darlipada
References
Cities and towns in Nuapada district
Gandabahali
Keith Joseph Browning (5 February 1933 – 2 November 2013) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Browning, a centreman and half forward, made his league debut for South Melbourne in 1951, after starting the season in the thirds. He played 53 games at South Melbourne, from 1951 to 1954, then joined Latrobe Valley Football League club Trafalgar, as playing coach for two seasons From 1961 to 1967, Browning again coached Trafalgar and steered the club to a premiership in 1962.
He was the father of South Melbourne/Sydney player Mark Browning.
References
1933 births
Sydney Swans players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
2013 deaths
Tenglish ( ()), refers to various mixings of the Telugu and English languages.
The name is a portmanteau of the names of the two languages and has been variously composed. The earliest form is Telugish (dating from 1972), then Teluglish (2000), Tinglish (2003), Telenglish (2010), and Telugish and Telish (both 2014).
Distribution
This form of code-switching is more commonly seen in urban and suburban centers of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, but is slowly spreading into rural and remote areas via television and word of mouth. Many speakers do not realize that they are incorporating English words into Telugu sentences or Telugu words into English sentences. For example, instead of saying dhanyavadhamulu for "thank you", most people say chala thanks literally translating to "a lot of thanks." This type of Telugu speaking is slowly growing outside of cities like Hyderabad, Vizag, Vijayawada, Khammam, Guntur and Warangal. As English becomes more and more prevalent, it can be seen in small towns, villages, and even rural areas.
With its growing popularity, Tenglish is being used to publish news online. The advent of cable television and its pervasive growth has seen the masses exposed to a wide variety of programming from across the world. Another factor contributing to the spread of Tenglish is the popularity of Tollywood films and TV channels. Tenglish also appears in Indian crossword puzzles, such as those in the Telugu paper Sakshi.
See also
Hinglish
Tanglish
Indian English
Regional differences and dialects in Indian English
References
Further reading
Krishnamurtisastri Sripada (1866-1960), Mana Sanskriti Issue 86, Vepachedu Educational Foundation
Macaronic forms of English
Telugu language
Homelands may refer to:
Homeland, native lands
Homelands (festival), British dance music festival.
Homelands (Fables), mythical lands in the comic book series Fables.
Homelands (Magic: The Gathering), MTG expansion set.
Bantustan, part of the Apartheid system
The Homelands, football fields in Kingsnorth, England.
Homelanders, the generation following the Millennials.
See also
Homeland (disambiguation)
Megan Dunn (born 1990/91) is a former president of the UK's National Union of Students who held the post from 2015 to 2016. She had previously been the President of Aberdeen University Students' Association.
Dunn was elected as President of the NUS in April 2015. She sought re-election in April 2016, but was defeated by Malia Bouattia.
Dunn campaigned for the United Kingdom to remain in the European Union in the 2016 referendum, having been appointed to the board of the Britain Stronger in Europe campaign.
References
1990s births
Living people
Presidents of the National Union of Students (United Kingdom)
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Place of birth missing (living people)
This is a list of members of the South Australian Legislative Council from 1873 to 1877.
This was the fifth Legislative Council to be elected under the Constitution of 1856, which provided for a house consisting of eighteen members to be elected from the whole colony acting as one electoral district "The Province"; that six members, selected by lot, should be replaced at General Elections after four years, another six to be replaced four years later and thenceforth each member should have a term of twelve years.
Seven seats were contested – six by the "effluxion of time" (Ayers, Hodgkiss, Hogarth, Mildred, Morphett and Tuxford) and one to replace John Baker, who died the previous May.
References
Parliament of South Australia — Statistical Record of the Legislature
Members of South Australian parliaments by term
19th-century Australian politicians
Albert Julius Winkler (4 March 1894, in The Grove, Texas – 29 August 1989, in Woodland, California) was an American professor of viticulture and one of its leading authorities. His name is famous for the Winkler index, developed with Maynard Amerine.
Biography
Winkler grew up on a farm in Texas. He was the youngest child among 8 boys and 2 girls. Both of his parents were born in Germany, but they were married in the United States. His family made a 50-gallon barrel of wine each year. He graduated in 1918 with a bachelor's degree in plant physiology from the University of Texas and then served briefly in the U.S. Army as a lieutenant. He graduated in 1918 with an M.A. from the University of Missouri and in 1921 with a Ph.D. in pomology and plant physiology from the University of California, Berkeley.
In 1921 Winkler joined the faculty of the University of California, Davis (UC Davis) as an associate in viticulture at the University of California Agricultural Experiment Station at the University Farm, Davis. He became a full professor of viticulture in 1937 and chaired the department of viticulture and enology from 1935 to 1957. He retired as professor emeritus in 1963. He oversaw the development of the department at UC Davis into a leading center of research and education. His research and work with growers contributed considerably to the growth of California's wine and grape industry.
Winkler's book General Viticulture (1st edition 1962, several later editions) became an international classic and is perhaps his greatest contribution to viticulture. The book has been translated into Spanish, Italian, Greek, Hindi, and Russian.
In 1919 he married Viola Lilly Pearl Buehrer (known as "Pearl", b. 1896). After 69 years of marriage she died in 1988. Upon his death in 1989 he was survived by 2 daughters, 5 grandchildren, and 8 great grandsons.
Awards and honors
1925 — elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
1953–1954 — President of the American Society for Enology and Viticulture
1954 — Silver Medal Award of Accademia Italiano della Vite e del Vino
References
External links
1894 births
1989 deaths
American viticulturists
People from Coryell County, Texas
Oenologists
University of Texas alumni
University of Missouri alumni
UC Berkeley College of Natural Resources alumni
University of California, Davis faculty
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
This is a list of all Welsh Government ministerial teams which have existed since the introduction of devolution for Wales in 1999. Since the onset of devolution in Wales in 1999, each Welsh Government administration has been led by the Labour Party.
Ministries of the Welsh Government
See also
List of British governments
List of Northern Ireland Executives
List of Scottish Governments
Welsh Government
Wales
Assembly Governments
Wales
Mate Pavić and Michael Venus were the defending champions, but lost to Juan Sebastián Cabal and Robert Farah in the final, 6–4, 4–6, [8–10].
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Doubles
Harris Ranch, or the Harris Cattle Ranch, feedlot is California's largest beef producer, producing of beef per year in 2010. It is located alongside Interstate 5 at its intersection with State Route 198 east of Coalinga, in the San Joaquin Valley of central California. The ranch is owned by Harris Farms.
Description
History
Founded by Jack Harris in 1937, the Harris Ranch Beef Company (now operated by Jack Harris' son John) was originally a cotton and grain operation. In the 1970s the ranch opened a burger stand near Interstate 5.
The farm also operates an inn and restaurant, raises fruit and vegetable crops, and breeds thoroughbred horses. Overall, the operation has more than 400 employees. Approximately are devoted to garlic, broccoli, pomegranates, and tomatoes, among 35 types of fruits and vegetables.
During the war on terror, volunteers from the San Joaquin Valley, especially Bakersfield, supplied with beef from Harris Ranch, have volunteered to serve steaks to service-members who are OCONUS.
In January 2012, an arsonist destroyed fourteen cattle trucks on the ranch. The Animal Liberation Front claimed responsibility.
Marketing and distribution
At over and with a population of over 100,000 cattle, and hundreds harvested daily, the ranch is the largest on the West Coast. It is also among the largest (when including density) in the United States. A vertically integrated operation, it owns a fleet of trucks that take cattle from several ranches with which it deals, and does its own finishing, slaughtering, and packaging.
The ranch supplies the hamburger meat for the In-N-Out Burger chain, and also distributes beef and prepared meals through grocery stores and restaurants nationwide.
Harris Ranch was one of the first to build a brand around itself as a specialty niche product, and is credited as a forerunner of companies like Niman Ranch and Dakota Beef.
Restaurant and inn
The restaurant was targeted to local farmers when it opened in 1977, but later became popular as a halfway stop on the busy highway connecting San Francisco and Los Angeles. A 153-room luxury inn was added in 1987. It was built in hacienda-style. The restaurant evolved into a "farm to fork" concept in the late 2000s, featuring not only beef but wine and other products made locally by the ranch. As of 2008 the restaurant was the 57th busiest in the United States and sixth busiest in California based on gross receipts. The site was chosen for a hydrogen vehicle fuel station as well as one of the first battery swapping Tesla stations. Later, 18 superchargers were added. Then, in 2021 an expansion of 80 more V3 superchargers was planned for 2022, making it the world's largest supercharger location.
Public reception
The ranch is known to travelers for the "ripe, tangy odor of cow manure", described alternately as a "horrible stench" and "a good, honest, American smell". This smell inspired food writer Michael Pollan to conduct the research on factory farming that led to his sustainability book, The Omnivore's Dilemma. The owner of Harris Ranch, in turn, threatened to withhold a $500,000 donation to California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo if it sponsored a speech there by Pollan. In reference to the large number of cattle processed at its facilities, some critics have nicknamed the ranch "Cowschwitz", comparing the slaughtering of cattle to the slaughtering of Jews during the Holocaust at the Auschwitz concentration camp. Animal behavior expert Temple Grandin described the nickname as a matter of public misperception, saying that the company "does a great job" of keeping its animals.
See also
Harris Ranch Airport
Gallery
References
External links
Harris Ranch
Ranches in California
Agriculture in California
Intensive farming
Buildings and structures in Fresno County, California
Coalinga, California
San Joaquin Valley
Hotels in California
Landmarks in California
Restaurants in California
Companies based in Fresno County, California
Tourist attractions in Fresno County, California
Robert Samuel Fairman (13 July 1883 – 1968) was an English footballer who played as a full back or wing half. He scored two goals in 38 appearances in the Football League over two spells for Birmingham, and played 90 Southern League matches for West Ham United.
Fairman was born in Southampton, Hampshire. He began his football career with Southampton, although he never played a first-team match, before joining Birmingham in 1907. He played regularly at left half at the start of the 1908–09 season, but lost his place when the club signed Thomas Daykin, and he moved to West Ham United, then a Southern League club, at the end of the season. He spent three years with West Ham, playing more than 100 games in all competitions, before returning to Birmingham in 1912. He played little first-team football after his return, and retired from the game in 1917.
References
1883 births
1968 deaths
Footballers from Southampton
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Association football wing halves
Southampton F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
West Ham United F.C. players
English Football League players
Southern Football League players
Local elections in Navotas were held on May 13, 2019, within the Philippine general election. The voters elected for the mayor, vice mayor, one congressman, and the councilors – six in each of the city's two districts.
Background
Incumbent Mayor John Rey Tiangco, who has fulfilled the limit of three terms for the position, ran for the city's congressional seat, switching positions with his brother, former mayor Toby. Incumbent vice-mayor Clint Geronimo is also running for re-election.
They fought against the candidates of Damayan ng Responsableng Mamamayan (DRM Team), a coalition of Partido Federal ng Pilipinas (PFP) and Aksyon Demokratiko (Aksyon). They are incumbent 2nd district councilor Dan Israel "DI" Ang (PFP, for mayor), former vice-mayor Lutgardo "Gardy" Cruz's son Raymond "RC" Cruz (Aksyon, for vice mayor) and incumbent 2nd district councilor Marielle del Rosario-Tumangan (Aksyon, for congressman).
The Tiangcos' political party Partido Navoteño (Navoteño) signed an agreement with Hugpong ng Pagbabago (HNP), the party of Pres. Rodrigo Duterte's daughter Sara Duterte-Carpio for the election.
Vote buying allegations
On May 12, 2019, NBI agents raided the briefing of poll watchers for Damayan ng Responsableng Mamamayan and Akbayan Party-List at a gymnasium in Barangay Daanghari (2nd District) due to allegations of vote buying. Emilio Marañon III, lawyer of congressional candidate Marielle del Rosario-Tumangan, denied the allegations and called the NBI operation "illegal".
Candidates
Incumbents are represented in italics.
Representative, Lone District
Incumbent Representative Toby Tiangco is term-limited and is running for Mayor. His brother, incumbent Mayor John Reynald Tiangco, is his party's nominee.
Mayor
Incumbent Mayor John Rey Tiangco is term-limited and is running for congressman. His brother, incumbent Representative Toby Tiangco, is his party's nominee.
Vice-Mayor
Incumbent Vice-Mayor Clint Geronimo is running for re-election against Raymond "RC" Cruz.
Councilors
By ticket
Team JTC
Damayan ng Responsableng Mamamayan
Independent
By district
1st District
|-
| colspan="5" style="background:black;"|
2nd District
|-
| colspan="5" style="background:black;"|
References
2019 Philippine local elections
Elections in Navotas
May 2019 events in the Philippines
2019 elections in Metro Manila
Sunset Crater is a cinder cone located north of Flagstaff in the U.S. state of Arizona. The crater is within the Sunset Crater Volcano National Monument.
Sunset Crater is the youngest in a string of volcanoes (the San Francisco volcanic field) that is related to the nearby San Francisco Peaks.
Formation
The date of the eruptions that formed the was initially derived from tree-ring dates, suggesting the eruption began between the growing seasons of AD 1064–1065. However, more recent geologic and archaeological evidence places the eruption around AD 1085. The largest vent of the eruption, Sunset Crater itself, was the source of the Bonito and Kana-a lava flows that extended about northwest and northeast, respectively. Additional vents along a extending southeast produced small spatter ramparts and a to the east. The Sunset Crater eruption produced a blanket of ash and lapilli covering an area of more than and forced the temporary abandonment of settlements of the local Sinagua people. The volcano has partially revegetated, with pines and wildflowers. The crater is the namesake for the Sunset Crater Beardtongue (Penstemon clutei). The volcano is monitored by the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory and is classified as a moderate threat.
Damage from hikers forced the National Park Service to close a trail leading to the crater, but a short trail at the base remains.
The hiking trail below the summit skirts the substantial Bonito Lava Flow. This hardened lava is black and appears fresh as it has devastated the forest in its path. The lava flow also created an ice cave or tube that is now closed to the public after a partial collapse.
2015 eruption scare
On June 5, 2015, a website with satellite images reported steam rising from the crater, leading to fears that Sunset Crater was erupting. The cause of the steam was later determined to be a forest fire, and geologists stated that the volcano was extinct.
Sunset Crater Volcano National Monument
Sunset Crater Volcano National Monument is a U.S. National Monument created to protect Sunset Crater, a cinder cone within the San Francisco Volcanic Field.
The monument is managed by the National Park Service in conjunction with nearby Wupatki National Monument. In 1928, a Hollywood film company, Famous Players-Lasky Corporation, planned to detonate large quantities of explosives on the side of Sunset Crater in order to create an avalanche for Zane Grey's motion picture Avalanche. Public outcry over this plan led in part to the proclamation of Sunset Crater Volcano National Monument by President Herbert Hoover in 1930. In mid-April 2022, the 'Tunnel' fire passed through the monument, closing the facility to the public.
A 1-mile (1.6 km), self-guided loop trail is located at the base of Sunset Crater, but hiking to the summit is not permitted. A trail providing access to the summit and crater was closed in 1973 because of excessive erosion caused by hikers. A visitor center is located near the park entrance, north of Flagstaff, Arizona, along U.S. Highway 89.
In April 2022, the Tunnel Fire burned over the entirety of the monument, though the visitor center was spared. , the monument remains closed.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Sunset Crater has a Continental climate, abbreviated "Dsb" on climate maps.
References
External links
Sunset Crater National Monument at National Park Service
Sunset Crater at USGS
Landforms of Coconino County, Arizona
Mountains of Arizona
Cinder cones of the United States
Volcanoes of Arizona
Dormant volcanoes
Protected areas of Coconino County, Arizona
Mountains of Coconino County, Arizona
Isaac Newton University Lodge No 859 is a Masonic Lodge based at the University of Cambridge for matriculated members of the university. As of 2013 there were approximately 200 members. This is about half the 397 subscribing members in 1955. The lodge meets at Bateman Street Masonic Hall, with the lodge's badge or standard a combination of Isaac Newton's coat of arms and the University of Cambridge's coat of arms. The lodge is also a member of the Association of Medical, University, and Legal Lodges.
History
Isaac Newton University Lodge (INUL) was formally consecrated as lodge No 1161 at the Red Lion Hotel, Cambridge, on 21 May 1861, where the Duke of St Albans was installed as the first Worshipful Master of the lodge. Members of the university had previously joined Scientific Lodge, the oldest in Cambridge. In both lodges court uniform and dress is still worn at meetings by officers of the lodge. In 1961 the centenary meeting of the lodge was held at Cambridge Guildhall attended by the then Grand Master, Roger Lumley, 11th Earl of Scarbrough, who was made an honorary member of the lodge. INUL and Apollo University Lodge (at the University of Oxford) were the founding members of the United Grand Lodge of England Universities Scheme in 2005.
Character
The lodge, as well as its equivalent Apollo University Lodge at the University of Oxford, enjoys the right to initiate matriculated members of the University from the age of 18, whereas other Lodges in England and Wales are restricted to candidates aged 21 or older, except by special permission. In 2005 the Universities Scheme was established, inspired by the long success of Apollo University Lodge and Isaac Newton University Lodge, allowing other university masonic lodges across England and Wales (together with some overseas) to share established best practice. The scheme now numbers more than eighty member lodges.
Other lodges
Isaac Newton Lodge is the principal masonic lodge for members of the University of Cambridge, although Alma Mater Lodge No 1492 accepts those with more than five years since matriculation, primarily from Oxbridge. Lodge of Trinity No 5765 is for members of Trinity College, Caius No 3355 is for members of Gonville and Caius College, Saint Mary Magdalene No 1523 is for members of Magdalene College, and Lady Margaret Lodge No 4729 is for members of St John's College. The Oxford and Cambridge Lodge No 1118 (consecrated 1866) is a London-based lodge for members of both universities, also accepting a proportion of members from other universities.
Euclid Chapter No. 859 is a Holy Royal Arch Chapter associated with the lodge. There is also a lodge of Mark Master Masons as well as a Royal Ark Mariners Lodge for members of Cambridge University, which are both also named Isaac Newton University Lodge.
Notable members
Sir Edward Victor Appleton, Nobel Prize winner (1947)
Christopher Vane, 10th Baron Barnard
Robert Caldwell, Academic
James Cartmell, Master of Christ's College, Cambridge
Frank Osmond Carr, English composer
James Lindsay 26th Earl of Crawford
Victor Cavendish, 9th Duke of Devonshire
John Vereker, 6th Viscount Gort
Charles Yorke, 5th Earl of Hardwicke
Charles Edward Keyser, prominent financier
Ron Larking, Australian rules footballer
Alwin Corden Larmour, Editor of The London Philatelist
Mark Napier (MP), Scottish Liberal Party Member of Parliament for Roxburghshire
Charles Wynn-Carington, 1st Marquess of Lincolnshire
Robert Williams Michell, First World War surgeon
Ranjitsinhji, Indian Prince and Test Cricketer
Charles Samuel Myers, Co-founder of the British Psychological Society
Frederick Margetson Rushmore, Master of St. Catherine's College, Cambridge
William Beauclerk, 10th Duke of St Albans
Roger Lumley, 11th Earl of Scarbrough
Thomas Stevens, Bishop of Barking
Henry Thirkill, Master of Clare College, Cambridge
Alexander Todd, British Isles and England Rugby Union player
F. J. Foakes-Jackson, Church Historian and Dean of Jesus College, Cambridge
Sir Cuthbert Peek, astronomer and meteorologist
References
External links
INUL
Universities Scheme
Masonic Lodges
Clubs and societies of the University of Cambridge
United Grand Lodge of England
Organizations established in 1861
Scott Thompson (born November 13, 1957) is an American businessman, and currently CEO of Tuition.io. Previously, he was chief executive officer of ShopRunner.
Early life and education
Thompson was born November 13, 1957, in Taunton, Massachusetts, and grew up in nearby Raynham. He was an accounting major from Stonehill College, a private Catholic school in Easton, Massachusetts.
Career
Visa
Thompson has also worked as executive vice president of Technology Solutions for Inovant, a subsidiary of Visa Inc. that oversees the company's global technology. At Inovant, he was responsible for all development, support, and maintenance of Visa's global payment system. He was also chief information officer at Barclays Global Investors, where he implemented a technology platform and global infrastructure, but was fired for alleged disagreements about strategy. In addition, he worked for Coopers & Lybrand, delivering information technology solutions to leading financial services clients such as Wells Fargo.
PayPal
Thompson started working for PayPal as senior vice president and chief technology officer, where he oversaw information technology, product development, and architecture. In 2008, he became the president of PayPal.
Yahoo!
Yahoo! hired Thompson as CEO in January 2012. In early April 2012, Thompson announced and executed a plan to reduce Yahoo!'s 14,000 employees by 2,000, or 14% of the workforce. Several executives left Yahoo! just before the layoffs began.
On March 14, 2012, Yahoo! filed a patent lawsuit against Facebook over ten patents. Facebook responded with a countersuit.
College degree controversy
On May 3, 2012, activist investor Dan Loeb, CEO of Third Point LLC, sent a letter to Yahoo's board of directors and made the contents of the letter public in a press release. The letter cites a Yahoo! SEC filing stating that Thompson "holds a Bachelor's degree in accounting and computer science" from Stonehill College and that Loeb had reason to believe that the degree was "in accounting only". Loeb questioned if Thompson had "embellished his academic credentials" and questioned if the board had "failed to exercise appropriate diligence and oversight in one of its most fundamental tasks – identifying and hiring the Chief Executive Officer." The basics of hiring the chief executive officer were subsequently overlooked.
Yahoo!'s filings with the SEC stated that Thompson "holds a Bachelor's degree in accounting and computer science from Stonehill College". However, the 2008–10 proxy statements of eBay, Thompson's former employer, only noted an accounting degree. Yahoo! initially acknowledged the misstatement as "an inadvertent error", then subsequently began an investigation. Stonehill College responded to press inquiries by stating that Thompson was granted a B.S.B.A. degree in accounting.
On May 13, 2012, Yahoo! issued a press release stating that Thompson was no longer with the company, and would immediately be replaced on an interim basis by Ross Levinsohn, recently appointed head of Yahoo's new Media group.
ShopRunner
Thompson joined the online-shopping service ShopRunner as CEO in July 2012 and left in July 2016.
Awards
In 2011, Thompson received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award for financial services for Northern California.
Cancer diagnosis
In 2012, Thompson was diagnosed with thyroid cancer, which was said to be a reason for leaving Yahoo!. By July 2012, he was given a clean bill of health.
References
1957 births
American technology chief executives
American corporate directors
Directors of Yahoo!
Living people
PayPal people
Stonehill College alumni
Yahoo! employees
EBay employees
People who fabricated academic degrees
People from Taunton, Massachusetts
American chief technology officers
Chief information officers
People from Raynham, Massachusetts
Estadio Municipal Pozoblanco is a multi-use stadium in Pozoblanco, Spain. It is currently used mostly for football matches . The stadium holds 5,000 people.
Municipal Pozoblanco
Buildings and structures in the Province of Córdoba (Spain)
References
The 2008 season was SK Brann's 100th season and their 22nd consecutive season in the Norwegian Premier League.
Information
Manager: Mons Ivar Mjelde
League: Norwegian Premier League
Shirt supplier: Kappa
Shirt sponsor: Sparebanken Vest
Average league attendance: 16,954
League: 8th
Norwegian Cup: 4th round (0-8 vs. Molde)
Champions League: Third qualifying round (0-1 (h) and 1-2 (a) vs. Marseille)
UEFA Cup: First round (2-0 (h) and 0-2 (a) vs. Deportivo Coruña. Brann lost 2–3 on the penalty shootout)
Top goal scorer: Thorstein Helstad (11 in league, 13 over-all)
Player of the year: Olafur Örn Bjarnason
Squad
Matches and goals updated as of November 21, 2008 and is for league only.
(C)
Out on loan
(on loan to IF Elfsborg)
(on loan to Melbourne Victory)
(on loan to Bryne FK)
Transfers
Results
Highlights
January 16: Brann signed the Gambian-Swedish striker Njogu Demba-Nyrén from Esbjerg fB. The deal was worth about NOK 9.500.000 (Euro 1.200.000).
January 25: Brann signed the former Lillestrøm and Leeds United-player Gylfi Einarsson to a three-year deal. The Icelandic midfielder came on a free transfer, after his release from Leeds in the summer of 2007.
January 28: Brann signed the Australian international, Michael Thwaite to a three-year deal. He was brought in to replace Ramiro Corrales, who was sold to Major League Soccer the very same day.
February 7: Joakim Sjöhage transferred to his old club IF Elfsborg on a one-year loan deal.
February 13: Brann lost the first leg in the Round of 32 in the 2007-08 UEFA Cup. Everton FC won 2–0 at Brann Stadion, in what was Brann's first official game of the season.
February 21: Brann was knocked out of the 2007-08 UEFA Cup, after being crushed by Everton in the 2nd leg of the Round of 32.
March 30: Brann opened the Premieship-season with a 4–2 win over Fredrikstad F.K. in front of a capacity crowd at Brann Stadion. Thorstein Helstad scored a hat-trick while Azar Karadas scored with a header.
April 19: Brann's horrific opening of the season continued after losing 0–3 to their main rivals in 2007, Stabæk. Brann was 11th in the Premiership after 4 rounds, with only 4 points won.
May 16: Brann beat Vålerenga 1–0 in a match that saw the return of two former Brann-profiles, former captain Martin Andresen and the club's former top goalscorer Bengt Sæternes. The result sent Brann to a 5th position in the league after 7 rounds, 6 point behind Stabæk IF.
June 18: Michael Thwaite was loaned out to Australian side; Melbourne Victory
July 15: Brann signed the Icelandic international Birkir Sævarsson from Valur.
July 25: Thorstein Helstad was sold to Le Mans Union Club 72. The transfer was believed to be worth around €2.000.000. Meanwhile, FC Lyn Oslo approved Brann's offer on their talented striker Odion Jude Ighalo
July 29: Nicolai Misje was loaned out to Bryne FK.
August 5: Brann lost 2–1 against FK Ventspils away, but still qualified for the third qualifying round of the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League after a 1–0 victory at Brann stadion.
August 7: Espen Steffensen was sacked from his job as assistant coach, and replaced by Brann's former head coach Harald Aabrekk. .
August 29: Brann was denied entry to the 2008-09 UEFA Champions League after losing 1–2 away against Olympique de Marseille in the third qualifying round. Brann lost 0–1 in the first leg.
August 29: Rodolph Austin signed a loan-deal with Brann.
September 1: Brann signed Stabæk's left fullback Bjørnar Holmvik. Holmvik joined Brann on January 1, 2009 on a free Bosman transfer.
September 18: Brann played their best match of season when they beat Deportivo de La Coruña 2–0 at home in the first leg of the first round of the 2008–09 UEFA Cup.
October 2: Brann was knocked out of the 2008–09 UEFA Cup after losing 0–2 away against Deportivo de La Coruña. Derportivo won 3–2 on the penalty shootout.
October 8: Mons Ivar Mjelde resigned as head coach for SK Brann after six seasons as boss on Brann Stadion. The bad results in 2008 and lack of support from the players were said to be the reason for his resignment. He agreed to lead the club in its last three games of the season. Mjelde led Brann to its first trophy in 22 years when they won the Norwegian Football Cup in 2004 and its first league championship in 44 years when they won the Tippeliga in 2007. He also led the club to bronze and silver medals in the league.
October 26: Brann's supporters took farewell with two of their most celebrated heroes the last 5 years. Head coach Mons Ivar Mjelde, and striker Robbie Winters both made their last appearance on Brann Stadion. Winters signed with Brann in the summer of 2002, while Mjelde had been under contract with the club since 1996.
November 11: Joakim Sjöhage was sold to Trelleborgs FF.
November 21: Brann hired Steinar Nilsen as their new head coach. The former AC Milan and S.S.C. Napoli-player had great success with Tromsø IL in the 2008 season, and was looking for a more high profiled job. Once again Brann hired a young inexperienced head coach. Mons Ivar Mjelde was only 35 when he was hired in 2003, while Nilsen was 36-year-old when he signed with the club.
November 26: Rune Skarsfjord was hired as Steinar Nilsen's new assistant coach. The former FK Haugesund head coach signed a three-year deal.
November 28: Tore Kannelønning did not get a new contract offer from Brann, thus leaving the club.
December 12: Trond Fredrik Ludvigsen signed for his old club Bodø/Glimt.
Matches (goals)
''The table shows matches and goals in the Norwegian Premier League, Norwegian Cup, Champions League and UEFA Cup, and was last updated after the game against Vålerenga on November 2, 2008.
References
2008
Brann
Mardy Fish and Mark Knowles were the defending champions; however, they decided to retire their match against John Isner and Sam Querrey, when result of this match was 6–3, 5–7.Isner and Querrey won in the final 6–4, 6–4, against Ross Hutchins and Jordan Kerr.
Seeds
Draw
Draws
External links
Main Draw Doubles
2010 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup
Regions Morgan Keegan Championships - Doubles
John Greene may refer to:
John Greene (settler) (1597–1658), early settler and co-founder of Warwick, Rhode Island
John Greene Jr. (1620–1708), deputy governor of Rhode Island (1690–1700)
John Greene (American football) (1920–2010), American professional football player
John Greene (Medal of Honor) (fl. 1862), American Civil War sailor and Medal of Honor recipient
John Greene (Kilkenny MP) (died 1883), Irish Member of UK Parliament
John P. Greene (1793–1844), early leader in the Latter Day Saint movement
John Thomas Greene Jr. (1929–2011), U.S. federal judge
John Greene (American politician), American politician who served in the Arizona State Senate
John William Greene (1876–1959), Australian politician
John Greene, Canadian politician who led the Newfoundland and Labrador New Democratic Party from 1977 to 1980
John Edmund Greene (1894–1918), Canadian WWI pilot
John Holden Greene (1777–1850), Federal Period architect Providence, Rhode Island
John L. Greene (1912-1995), American screenwriter
John M. Greene (1928–2007), American theoretical physicist and applied mathematician
John Nassau Greene (fl. 1938), Irish politician
John Robert Greene (born 1955), professor of American history
John Beasley Greene (1832–1856), Egyptologist
John C. Greene (1926–2016), American dentist and public health administrator
Joe Greene (Ontario politician) (John James Greene, 1920–1978), Canadian politician
John Greene, abbot of Welbeck Abbey (1450)
See also
John Green (disambiguation)
Jack Greene (1930–2013), American country musician
Jackie Greene (born 1980), American singer-songwriter and musician
The Belize Red Cross Society was founded in 1950 by Dr. Daniel Tenenbaum of Belmopan City Hospital. Previously it was part of the British Red Cross. It has its headquarters in Belize City.
See also
Elaine Middleton, long-serving director-general
External links
IFRC Belize Red Cross Society Profile
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
Organizations established in 1950
1950 establishments in British Honduras
Medical and health organisations based in Belize
Yellow is a collection of short stories written by Korean-American novelist Don Lee. It features eight stories set in the fictional California town of Rosarita Bay in which a variety of characters examine issues of what it means to be Asian in America.
This collection includes:
The Price of Eggs in China
Voir Dire
Widowers
The Lone Night Cantina
Casual Water
The Possible Husband
Domo Arigato
Yellow
Critical reception
'Yellow' has received positive reviews in both popular and academic circles. Publishers Weekly reviewer Jeff Zaleski comments that while many stories deal with difficult subjects, "Hatred and heartbreak...are mitigated by Lee's cool yet sympathetic eye and frequently dark sense of humor". Kathleen Snodgrass of the Georgia Review finds that many of the stories are driven by a male-female dynamic "in which the men tend to fall for women determined to domesticate and socialize them." She notes that, "Most often, racial differences and tensions are subsumed under a larger question of identity, especially as one's sense of self changes in a love relationship."
References
2001 short story collections
American short story collections
W. W. Norton & Company books
Asian-American short story collections
Short stories set in California
Nathan "Tossy" Spivakovsky ( – July 20, 1998), a Jewish, Russian Empire-born, German-trained violin virtuoso, was considered one of the greatest violinists of the 20th century.
Biography
Tossy Spivakovsky was born in Odessa, which in 1906 was still part of the Russian Empire. Under the increasing threat of pogroms his family moved to Berlin, where he studied with Arrigo Serato privately and later with Willy Hess at the Berliner Hochschule für Musik. A violin prodigy, he gave his first recital at age 10. Together with his elder brother Jacob "Jascha" (1896–1970), a renowned concert pianist, Tossy made his first European concert tour at age 13, performing as soloist with orchestras in a number of countries including Holland, England, Norway, Sweden, and Denmark, in 1919, where the brothers played for Danish royalty. At only 18, after being talent spotted by Wilhelm Furtwängler, Spivakovsky became the youngest concertmaster hired by the Berlin Philharmonic. Two years later he left to pursue a solo career in Europe.
During the 1920s, he and his brother Jascha performed together as the Spivakovsky Duo. In 1930, Tossy and Jascha established the highly acclaimed Spivakovsky-Kurtz Trio together with cellist Edmund Kurtz. The trio was on a tour of Australia in 1933 when the Nazi Party took power in Germany, temporarily ending Spivakovsky's European career. As a result he remained in Melbourne, Australia. He sent a marriage proposal by telegram to a girl he had met in Germany, Dr. Erika Lipsker (or Zarden), philologist and Renaissance historian, who soon sailed to Melbourne and became his wife of 63 years. All three members of the Spivakovsky-Kurtz trio joined the teaching staff of the University of Melbourne Conservatorium of Music. The youngest of nine, Spivakovsky belonged to a musical as well as artistic family. His eldest brother Simeon, a photographer and sculptor, also produced fine drawings. His brother Albert, a distinguished pianist, also played the cello and conducted orchestras in Germany and Denmark. Another brother, the violinist and cellist Isaac 'Issy' (1902–1977), who had studied violin under Willy Hess, and cello with Hugo Becker and Gregor Piatigorsky, also migrated to Australia in 1934, and for 28 years (1937–1965) taught violin, viola and cello at Scotch College, Melbourne. Adolf (1891–1958), a bass-baritone, also migrated to Melbourne in 1934 and taught at the University Conservatorium where his students included the sopranos Glenda Raymond and Sylvia Fisher. Of Spivakovsky's three sisters—Claire, Esfira and Betty—Claire and Betty were said to have had fine singing voices.
In 1939, Spivakovsky migrated to the United States on the S.S. Monterey with his wife and baby daughter, and settled in New York, New York. In 1940, he made his New York debut at Town Hall. He became concertmaster of the Cleveland Orchestra in 1942, under Artur Rodziński, in that capacity also often performing as soloist. In 1943, Rodziński invited him to present the premiere United States performance of Bartók's Violin Concerto No. 2 in Cleveland, Ohio. Spivakovsky subsequently gave this work its first performances in New York and San Francisco. Bartók himself described Spivakovsky's New York performance of his violin concerto as "first rate". His rendition of this concerto, which elicited extraordinary critical acclaim, launched his U.S. career as soloist. According to the critic Alfred Frankenstein of the San Francisco Chronicle, Spivakovsky's was "The finest violin playing of a generation!" The critic Virgil Thomson of the New York Herald Tribune wrote: "Such unfailing nobility of tone, such evenness of coloration through the scale and, most extraordinary of all, such impeccable pitch...left one a little gasping." "Was this the best since Heifetz," asked Frankenstein after a 1948 performance of the Bartók Violin Concerto, "or was this just the best, period?" Following Spivakovsky's New York performance of the violin concerto by Gian Carlo Menotti, a review appearing in the May 3, 1954 edition of Time stated: "As always, his tone was luxuriant, his pitch impeccable, and he brought the music to full-blooded life." The same article referred to Spivakovsky as "one of the most brilliant violinists alive."
Spivakovsky was soloist in the premiere performances of Leon Kirchner's Sonata Concertante and David Diamond's Canticle and Perpetual Motion. Accompanied by the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, he gave the New York premieres of violin concerti by Frank Martin and Carl Nielsen. He composed his own cadenzas for the Beethoven violin concerto that were published in 1964 by Breitkopf & Härtel, Wiesbaden, No. 6460. He also composed cadenzas for all five Mozart violin concerti that were published in 1967 by Wilhelm Zimmermann, Frankfurt am Main. For more than four decades, represented by Columbia Artists Management, he travelled extensively throughout the U.S., Canada, South America, Israel, and Europe giving solo performances. He also found time to teach violin and chamber music at the Juilliard School in New York City from 1974 to 1989.
In order to draw from his instrument the richest, most brilliant tone possible, Spivakovsky developed an innovative method of bowing that was described in detail in a book entitled "The Spivakovsky Way of Bowing," by Gaylord Yost. In a lifelong effort to perform his repertoire just as the composers wished their music to be performed, he sought and researched their original sheet music. When he made the discovery that Bach wanted certain chords in his solo violin works played without arpeggiation, he wrote an article entitled "Problem of Arpeggiation in Bach's Music for Solo Violin" that was published in the February 1954 issue of Musical America. A later article by Spivakovsky, entitled "Polyphony in Bach's Works for Solo Violin," published in 1967 in The Music Review, Vol. 28, No. 4, provides the evidence for Bach's preference. Upon hearing, in 1957, a recording by Emil Telmányi of Bach's works for solo violin played with a curved bow, Spivakovsky purchased a VEGA BACH-Bow from Knud Vestergaard of Denmark for himself. Using the curved bow for Bach enabled him from then on to execute the whole four-string chords of the Bach sonatas and partitas with greater ease and sonority. In a spoken introduction to his live performance of the "Chaconne," now released by DOREMI, Spivakovsky explained his motivation for the use of the curved bow.
Honorary doctorates
Fairfield University, Fairfield, Connecticut, April 26, 1970
The Cleveland Institute of Music, Cleveland, Ohio, June 5, 1975
LP recordings
For the following LP recordings, Tossy Spivakovsky's violin, which he sold in 1972, was The Macmillan Stradivari of 1721:
J.S. Bach, Sonata No. 1 in G minor, unaccompanied, on Columbia LP Masterworks, 1950.
Bartók, Violin Sonata No. 2, Roumanian Dances, with Artur Balsam, piano, on Concert Hall Society. This was the first studio recording of Bartók's Violin Sonata No. 2 with Artur Balsam, issued in late 1947. (The earlier version by the composer accompanying Joseph Szigeti was a live performance, and only issued later.)
Beethoven, Violin Sonata No. 8 in G major, Op. 30, with Robert Cornman, piano, on Columbia LP Masterworks, 1950.
Beethoven, Violin Sonata No. 10 in G major, Op. 96, with Rudolf Firkusny, piano, on Columbia LP Masterworks, 1951.
Leon Kirchner, Concerto for Violin, Cello, 10 Winds & Percussion, conducted by the composer with Aldo Parisot, cello, on Epic Stereorama.
Menotti, Violin Concerto, conducted by Charles Munch with the Boston Symphony Orchestra on RCA Victor.
Leroy Robertson, Violin Concerto, conducted by Maurice Abravanel with the Utah Symphony Orchestra on Vanguard.
Sibelius, Violin Concerto in D minor conducted by Tauno Hannikainen with the London Symphony Orchestra on Everest.
Stravinsky, Violin Concerto, conducted by Maurice Abravanel with the Utah Symphony Orchestra on Vanguard.
Tchaikovsky, Violin Concerto in D major, conducted by Walter Goehr with the London Symphony Orchestra on Everest.
Recordings on CD
Bartók Violin Concerto #2 on CD #6 of "Pierre Monteux in Boston" set: "Treasure of Concert Performances 1951–1958" on CODAEX Records.
Collection of short pieces by Bazzini, Mouret, Raff, Gluck, Bloch, Kreisler, Paganini, Dvořák, Beethoven, Brahms, Wieniawski, Sarasate on PEARL, Pavilion Records LTD. (Reissued from a number of Spivakovsky's recordings that were made on the Parlophone and Decca labels during the 1920s. He was accompanied on the piano by his brothers Jascha and Albert.)
Paganini 24 Caprices for Violin & Piano, with Lester Taylor, piano, on Omega Record Group, Inc.
Sibelius Violin Concerto conducted by Tauno Hannikainen with the London Symphony Orchestra on Omega, Everest Record Group, Inc.
Stravinsky Violin Concerto conducted by Maurice Abravanel with the Utah Symphony Orchestra on Vanguard Classics, Omega Record Group, Inc.
Tchaikovsky Violin Concerto conducted by Walter Goehr with the London Symphony Orchestra on Vanguard Classics, Omega Record Group, Inc.
Live recordings on CD
Production, restoration and remastering from reel-to-reel tapes and acetate, by DOREMI
Bach Chaconne for violin solo from Partita No. 2, Live Broadcast, performed with a VEGA BACH-Bow, Swedish Radio, Stockholm, January 26, 1969
Beethoven Violin Concerto New York Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Amerigo Marino, December 21, 1963
Brahms Violin Concerto New York Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Josef Krips, December 7, 1961
Mendelssohn Violin Concerto New York Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Paul Paray, November 17, 1956
Bartók Violin Concerto No. 2 New York Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Artur Rodziński, originally recorded on acetate, October 14, 1943
Prokofiev Violin Concerto No. 2 New York Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Thomas Schippers, November 19, 1959
Martin, Frank Violin Concerto New York Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Robert La Marchina, December 19, 1963
Tchaikovsky Violin Concerto Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Nils Grevillius, February 8, 1960
Schuman, William Violin Concerto Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Lukas Foss, January 23, 1966
Notes
Sources
Jascha Spivakovsky, Australian Dictionary of Biography
obituary, The New York Times, July 27, 1998
Music web international
External links
Film of Tossy Spivakovsky, playing in 1950.
1906 births
1998 deaths
American classical violinists
Jewish classical violinists
Male classical violinists
American male violinists
Odesa Jews
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Germany
German emigrants to Australia
Australian emigrants to the United States
University of Melbourne faculty
Juilliard School faculty
20th-century classical violinists
20th-century American musicians
20th-century American male musicians
The Bishop of Grahamstown is the Ordinary of the Diocese of Grahamstown in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
The Bishop's residence is Bishopsbourne, Grahamstown
List of Bishops of Grahamstown
Diocesan bishops
John Armstrong, D.D. 1853-1856
Henry Cotterill, M.A., D.D. 1856-1871 (Later bishop of Edinburgh)
Nathaniel James Merriman, D.D. 1871-1882
Allan Becher Webb, D.D. 1883-1898 (Later dean of Salisbury, England)
Charles Edward Cornish, D.D. 1899-1915
Francis Robinson Phelps, D.D. 1915-1931 (Later Archbishop of Cape Town)
Archibald Howard Cullen, M.A. 1931-1959
Robert Selby Taylor, M.A., D.D. 1959-1964 (Later archbishop of Cape Town)
Gordon Leslie Tindall, B.A. 1964-1969
Bill Bendyshe Burnett, M.A. L.Th. 1969-1974 (Later archbishop of Cape Town)
Kenneth Cyril Oram, B.A., A.K.C. 1974-1987 (Later assistant bishop of Lichfield)
David Patrick Hamilton Russell, M.A., Ph.D. 1987-2004
Thabo Cecil Makgoba, B.Sc. B.A. (Hons) MEd Ph.D. 2004-2007 (LaterArchbishop of Cape Town)
Ebenezer St Mark Ntlali, Dip.Th. B.A. (Hons) B.Th. 2007–present
Bishops suffragan
The following were bishops suffragan in the diocese:
Eric Pike, P.T.C., Dip.Th. 1989-1993 (Later bishop of Port Elizabeth)
Anthony Mdletshe, L.Th., M.Div. 1993-1997 (Later bishop of Zululand)
Bethlehem Nopece, Dip.Th. B.Th. M.Th. 1998-2002 (Later bishop of Port Elizabeth)
Thabo Cecil Makgoba, B.Sc. B.A. (Hons) MEd.(Psychology) Ph.D. 2002-2004 (afterwards bishop of Grahamstown)
References
Makhanda, Eastern Cape
Grahamstown
Eastern Cape-related lists
The Ransdell Act (ch. 251, , codified as amended at , , ), reorganized, expanded and redesignated the Laboratory of Hygiene (created in 1887) as the National Institute of Health.
Congress appropriated $750,000 in the bill for construction of facilities and research fellowships. The NIH grew into today's 27-unit National Institutes of Health).
The Ransdell Act was sponsored by and named for Joseph E. Ransdell, a United States senator for the state of Louisiana.
References
1930 in law
United States federal health legislation
National Institutes of Health
The 2011 royal tour of Canada by Prince William, and Catherine, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, took place between 30 June and 8 July 2011. The tour saw the newlywed couple visit all of Canada's regions. It was the first such tour undertaken by the Duke and Duchess since their marriage two months prior, and the first duties the couple carried out as members of the Canadian Royal Family. The tour was followed by more than 1,300 accredited media. It included the first use of the Duke of Cambridge's royal standard for Canada, the first Canadian citizenship ceremony attended by royalty, Canada Day ceremonies attended by approximately 800,000 people, and many smaller events across the country.
Background
The tour fell on the 225th anniversary of the first royal visit to Canada, by then Prince William (later King William IV), as part of a naval contingent.
The tour was organised by Kevin S. MacLeod, Canadian Secretary to the Queen, who has organised every royal visit to Canada since 1987. Tour organization took only three months instead of the usual 12. The couple travelled with a pared-down entourage of seven, including British police that have no jurisdiction in Canada. MacLeod let them make the tour much less formal than some previous. The inclusion of Prince Edward Island, at the apparent request of Catherine, stands in contrast to previous tours. The 1983 tour of Canada by Prince Charles and newly-wed Diana reflected his interests, as well as Canadian priorities, but none of Diana's own interests.
1,300 journalists were accredited for this tour, including 241 foreign ones. The tour included a chartered plane to PEI. British news outlet ITN filmed a documentary on the tour.
Tour
The royal tour took place from 30 June to 8 July 2011.
During the tour, Catherine had made a point of wearing Canadian fashion designers at various points throughout the trip. Departing from Britain, she wore a navy blue blazer by Toronto-based Smythe les Vestes, On arrival, her outfit was by Montreal designer Erdem Moralioglu. Even when wearing foreign designers, as on Canada Day, the white-dress outfit had domestic influences such a red hat with fabric maple leaves, and Queen Elizabeth II's maple leaf brooch first worn during her 1951 tour of Canada. CBS News royal contributor Victoria Arbiter suggested Catherine might wear 40 outfits on the trip.
Ontario and Quebec
National Capital Region
On Thursday, 30 June, the couple departed Britain for Canada, travelling on a Canadian military plane. Upon landing at Macdonald-Cartier International Airport on Thursday, 30 June, the cockpit showed the Duke of Cambridge's Personal Canadian Flag; the newly adopted flag was previewed only the day before by Canadian federal government officials. Among the dignitaries greeting the couple were John Baird, Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs, David McGuinty, Ottawa South MP, William JS Elliott, Commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, and Jim Watson, Mayor of Ottawa.
The couple proceeded to a wreath laying at the Canadian Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, at the Canadian National War Memorial, their first public event as a couple since the wedding. After meeting with veterans, their first walkabout as a couple was considered unhurried, as they were 10 minutes late for their next appearance.
The Duke and Duchess then headed to Rideau Hall, residence of the Governor General of Canada, for their official Welcome to Canada and Ottawa Ceremony by Governor General David Johnston; attendance turnout was around 6,000 people, double the turnout of people at the War Memorial. The Duke inspected the Guard of Honour, including the Army, the Air Force and the Navy. The Royal Salute, composed by Edward VIII, played on bagpipes. The event was followed with a Celebration of Youth Barbecue Reception at Rideau Hall.
On Canada Day, 1 July, on what would have been Diana, Princess of Wales' 50th birthday, the couple attended a citizenship ceremony at the Canadian Museum of Civilization; this was the first time that members of the Royal Family participated in a Canadian citizenship ceremony. Pipe Major of The Sons of Scotland played as they entered the ceremony to a tune which was "St. Andrews Courtship", a work by Pipe Major Bethany Bisaillion, created for them. The event attracted protesters who strummed guitars and wave placards outside event, in protest of mandatory pledging allegiance to the Queen. This was followed by the Canada Day Parliament Hill Noon Show, a public event, arriving in the State Landau. Performers included the Sam Roberts Band, Great Big Sea, Corb Lund, and Maria Aragon. The show was broadcast on CBC Television and radio in English and French. The couple returned in the evening for additional performances, and fireworks; this was considered a significant security risk.
The couple began 2 July at the Canadian War Museum, unveiling the mural "The Canadians Opposite Lens" by Augustus John. From there, the couple proceeded to Montreal, Quebec's Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport.
Quebec
Outside their first stop, Sainte-Justine University Hospital Centre, Reseau de Resistance du Québécois (RRQ) protesters' bilingual placards called the couple "parasites". Onlookers and well-wishers outnumbered the protesters "10 to 1", according to media reports. The RRQ had hired 40 security guards to keep their protesters in check. Entering the hospital swiftly, the Duke and Duchess were at the hospital to meet with patients and their families.
The couple received cooking classes at l'Institut de tourisme et d'hôtellerie du Québec. The Mouvement pacifique pour l'indépendence du Québec was planning to protest the visit by dressing in peasant costumes, outside the institute.
The couple departed from Montreal for Quebec City at 9:55 pm, on HMCS Montréal.
After saying Morning Prayer with the crew of HMCS Montréal, the ship docked at Quebec City, Quebec. Crowds gathered on the boardwalk to Chateau Frontenac, and along to the Plains of Abraham. The couple will tour la Maison Dauphine, an organization which serves street youth, where they will have a private talk with a small group, to here the youth's stories.
The first public event of the day was just after noon, Freedom of the City Ceremony at Quebec City Hall (Hôtel de ville de Québec). William's speech, delivered entirely in French, included "You, the Québécois and Québécoise, have such vitality and vigour. It is simply a pleasure to be here." Sovereigntist group Réseau de Résistance du Québécois expected 300 protesters for their demonstration outside City Hall; media reported about 200 showed up. Protesters noted that they did have a plane flyover city hall with a separatist banner.
The next public event is a community celebration in Lévis, Quebec, touring Fort Numéro Un de Lévis. From there, they went to Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island for the evening.
The royal couple arrived in Montreal in the evening and attended a cooking class with students at the Institut de Tourisme et d'Hotellerie du Québec. Jean Charest, the premier of Quebec, and his wife accompanied the couple in the class. The two couples had supper together after the short workshop. Upon their arrival at the Institut, the couple was greeted by approximately 500 fans and protesters.
Prince Edward Island
After visiting Province House, PEI's provincial legislature at Charlottetown, the couple learned of Canadian military accomplishments in Prince Edward Island National Park, before William took part in "a training session for the 'waterbird' emergency landing procedure in a Sea King helicopter at Dalvay-by-the-Sea." The day was rainy. At the hotel, a National Historic Site of Canada, the couple was welcomed to PEI by a traditional Miqmah smudging ceremony, and sampled several kinds of local foods. Aboriginal, Acadian and Celtic cultural and culinary traditions. The couple challenged each other to a dragon boat race. William's team won by half a length. Then on Dalvay Beach the couple chatted with beach volleyball players, sand castle builders and baked-lobster chefs. The final public event of the day was in Summerside, where the couple watched a Search and Rescue exercise at Summerside Harbour with the Canadian Coast Guard. The couple then flew to Yellowknife Airport, Yellowknife, Northwest Territories arriving in the early evening.
Local actors playing characters Anne Shirley and Matthew Cuthbert (Tess Benger and Kris Tusler) in Anne of Green Gables: The Musical appeared as guests. The province was Catherine's choice for the tour.
Northwest Territories
At 11:40 am, Tuesday, 5 July, the couple participated in a public event, an Official Arrival to the Northwest Territories. William and Catherine arrived at Somba K'e Civic Plaza to take part in Aboriginal traditions and activities, including traditional drumming, dancing and sports. The ceremony was to highlight the historic and continuing cooperation between the Northwest Territories' Aboriginal peoples and residents of other cultures. The Duke's speech included the phrase "thank you" in both the Na-Dene and Inuvialuktun languages. In a street hockey game, Prince William took three shots on goal, but the young goaltender kept him from scoring.
A session of the Youth Parliament at the Legislative Assembly was followed by a visit to Blachford Lake, which included the First Canadian Ranger Patrol Group and Dechinta: Bush University Centre for Research and Learning.
Alberta
The original public schedule for Wednesday, 6 July was listed as a day off for the royal couple. The unannounced stop was made in Slave Lake, Alberta, where the royal couple toured the town that was partially destroyed by a wildfire in May. Arriving at the town's airport, the couple met with Alberta Premier Ed Stelmach and the Mayor of Slave Lake, Karina Pillay-Kinnee. They met with emergency services personnel from the fire department, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the medical response team at Northern Lakes College. At the gym of Northern Lakes College, the couple met with some of the families affected by the fire. The town was in the midst of dealing with flooding of Sawridge Creek. At 1:30 pm, they went back to the Slave Lake Airport and continued on their way to Calgary. They spent the night at the private Skoki Ski Lodge, a National Historic Site near Lake Louise, within the Rocky Mountain-area Banff National Park. Much of the press coverage for this part of the tour discussed the remoteness of the site, which includes only outhouses. No official comment was made on whether it was retrofitted, at least temporarily.
Arriving in Calgary in the afternoon, at Calgary International Airport, the Duke and Duchess were presented with the usual headgear in the White Hat Ceremony, but didn't wear them. They toured the University of Calgary Ward of the 21st Century Research and Innovation Centre (W21C), and attended an evening Government of Canada reception at the BMO Stampede Park. The latter included the creation of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's Parks Canada Youth Ambassadors Program. The city gave free wristbands to public events, to lessen the volume of people.
The first event of the Friday, 8 July, the day for the couple was to launch the Calgary Stampede Parade at Bow Valley College. The parade is run by the same organization as the top-level rodeo event itself. The parade attracted a record crowd of 425,000 people.
The Vancouver Humane Society, the League Against Cruel Sports, and Fight Against Animal Cruelty had all asked that the royal couple not visit the Stampede, deeming it animal cruelty; People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) suggested that they were approaching a "hotbed of controversy". If they don't cancel the event, PETA called on locals to protest at the event. The stampede has often attracted animal rights activists, on years without special guests. A horse died of a leg injury in the Stampede's first night, in spite of an "extensive overhaul to its animal care standards".
Barred from attending the 2010 Stampede parade, attempts to block street preacher Art Pawlowski were unsuccessful. He planned to have his group march following the parade proper, or set up a protest. There were no reports on whether he followed through.
Later events included a reception at the ENMAX Conservatory, Calgary Zoo, hosted by the Alberta Government, and a public Official Departure Ceremony. Finally, after a nine-day Canadian tour that "far exceeded" expectations, according to Prince William, and was by all accounts a huge success, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge boarded a Royal Canadian Air Force aircraft, and departed the Realm, their last stop in North America being a visit to Los Angeles, California.
Post-tour
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge departed Canada on 8 July, aboard a Canadian Forces jet bound for Los Angeles, US. Upon arrival in the Californian city they were greeted by Canadian Consul General David Fransen, California Governor Jerry Brown and Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa. Being greeted by the Canadian Consul-General first, Prince William had, according to the CBC, departed as a prince of Canada rather than a foreign prince. On 9 July, the couple attended the inaugural BAFTA Brits to Watch event at the downtown Belasco Theater.
Reception
A poll conducted before the tour showed 54% of those between 18 and 34 who were polled were indifferent to the tour.
Public events during the tour drew big crowds. On Canada Day at Parliament Hill, attendance was 300,000 in the morning, and a half-million in the evening. The National Capital Commission had speculated half a million would show up at the morning event.
The Canadian tour become a subject of controversy, as the Royal couple planned to attend the annual Calgary Stampede, an event that features steer busting and calf roping and is condemned by animal welfare experts. The rodeo was banned in the United Kingdom in 1934. Animal Rights groups from Britain and Canada have written to Clarence House urging the couple not to attend the event.
The tour attracted small crowds and protests in the province of Quebec. Quebec MNA Amir Khadir, a leader of the leftist party Québec solidaire, referred to the royal couple as "parasites" ahead of the visit, calling the tour "a waste of public funds". In Montreal they were met by approximately 500 supporters and 100 protesters and in Quebec City they were met by several hundred supporters and about 200 protesters, some wearing black and waving flags.
See also
Royal tours of Canada
List of royal tours of Canada (18th–20th centuries)
List of royal tours of Canada (21st century)
2002 royal tour of Canada
2022 royal tour of Canada
References
External links
Catherine, Princess of Wales
Monarchy in Canada
William, Prince of Wales
Royal tours of Canada
Royal tour
Royal tour
Royal tour
