Brinsley Hall (26 October 1862 – 8 May 1940) was an Australian politician.
He was born along the Macdonald River near St Albans in New South Wales, the son of William Hall, a farmer. He attended Windsor Grammar School and then worked as a farmer in outback New South Wales, Victoria and Queensland. In 1885 he married Anicus Kate George, with whom he had four children. After a year in New Zealand, he managed the family property on the Hawkesbury River, becoming active in local agricultural circles. In 1901 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Hawkesbury. Initially a member of the Progressive Party, he transferred to the Liberal Party following the Progressives' collapse in 1904. He held the seat until his defeat as a Nationalist candidate in 1917. Hall died in Darlinghurst in 1940.
References
1862 births
1940 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Commodity dependence is a high proportion of commodities in a country's exports. Therefore, a commodity-dependent country is a country in which commodities constitute the predominant share of its exports, that is when more than 60% of the merchandise a country exports, in value terms, are commodities.
The high number of exports combined with high proportion of commodities in the said exports has significant consequences on development of a country. Export reliance on main commodities, or "commodity dependence," has long been associated with underdevelopment, both conceptually and empirically. One of the main consequences of commodity dependence that commodity-dependent countries struggle with is when commodity prices get affected by negative price shocks, as this can negatively impact short- and medium-term economic development and welfare by increasing those countries' vulnerability to these price shocks.
More than half of the world's countries were dependent on commodities, according to a study made by the UNCTAD that looked at the level of commodity dependence around the world from 1998 to 2017, using trade data from 189 countries. Commodity dependence was found to be nearly entirely a developing country problem and to mostly affect those classified as the least developed countries (LDCs) and landlocked developing countries (LLDCs) with Sub-Saharan Africa and South America being among the most affected regions.
It also revealed that there is a strong positive relationship between export diversification and a country's level of development (GDP per capita). However, only 13% of developed countries -- including Australia, New Zealand and Norway are in this situation.
Dependence can be higher for some nations. 35 countries in the world have commodities making more than 90% of their exports, with Angola, Iraq, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, and Nigeria surpassing 98%. The export revenue from a single product can be as high as 75% in some instances.
According to UNCTAD's State of Commodity Dependence 2021 report, published on September 8th, the number of countries that are heavily dependent on commodities has climbed over the past ten years, from 93 in 2008-2009 to 101 in 2018-2019.
See also
Economic diversity
Oil dependent country
References
economy
Sabikhan () is a Syrian town located in Mayadin District, Deir ez-Zor. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Sabikhan had a population of 23,867 in the 2004 census.
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
Brian Woodward (12 July 1929 – 11 October 2014) was an English former professional footballer who played as a striker in the Football League for York City, in non-League football for Hereford United and was on the books of Leeds United without making a league appearance.
References
1929 births
2014 deaths
Footballers from Leeds
English footballers
Association football forwards
Leeds United F.C. players
Hereford United F.C. players
York City F.C. players
English Football League players
Mary Shawa is a Malawian former public official. From 2004 through 2012, she was the Principal Secretary for Nutrition, HIV and AIDS in the Ministry of Health and Population, and then she was the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Gender, Children, Disabilities and Social Welfare before her retirement from civil service in 2018.
Education
Shawa has a master's degree in clinical nutrition dietetics, a diploma in agriculture, a PhD in nutrition and socioeconomic development, and a postgraduate diploma in community development and resources.
Career
In November 2004, Shawa became the Principal Secretary for Nutrition, HIV and AIDS in the Ministry of Health and Population in Malawi. In 2005, she participated in a public debate about planned changes to the law to criminalize the deliberate spread of HIV. In 2008, she announced the government decision to replace financial support with food for Malawian civil servants with HIV. In July 2010, she participated in a public health campaign with other political leaders.
In April 2012, after Joyce Banda became president of Malawi, Shawa was appointed as the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Gender, Children, Disabilities and Social Welfare. In 2014, she shared her perspective on the causes of domestic violence with Voice of America, "The most common violence with the women perpetrate against men is denying their conjugal rights. It is the highly reported violence and that particular violence is what results in women being battered being hacked and so forth." In 2016, she pushed for increased focus on childhood nutrition. During her tenure, she was also responsible for the health and safety of people with albinism. Despite evidence of a market for body parts motivating the murder of Malawians with albinism, Shawa said ministry research showed no market existed, and that people attempting to find a market would instead find undercover police officers.
After retiring from the civil service June 19 2018, she remained the honorary president of Chifundo & Chinasa charity.
Shawa called on Malawians to vote for a "God-fearing" candidate in the 2019 Malawian general election.
In 2021 she was working as a senior public health specialist at Plan International Malawi.
Selected publications
Prevention of mother-to-child transmission of HIV and the health-related Millennium Development Goals: time for a public health approach, The Lancet, July 16, 2011, DOI:https://doi.org/10.1016/S0140-6736(10)62303-3 (co author with 17 others)
Prevalence of Sexual Violence Against Children and Use of Social Services — Seven Countries, 2007–2013, Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report, 2015 Jun 5 (co-author with 18 others)
References
Malawian politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Malawian women in politics
21st-century women politicians
Henry E. Sharp was a nineteenth-century American stained glass maker active with William Steele from c.1850 to c.1897.
Sharp established himself with Steele as a glass stainer at offices at 216 Sixth Avenue.
Beyond New York state, Sharp produced created stained glass windows for churches in Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Maine, Ohio, Nebraska, Minnesota, South Carolina, California, the Virgin Islands and Japan.
Like much of the mid-nineteenth-century American stained glass produced in and around Broadway in Manhattan, the stained glass window designs featured full-length painted figures in ornate Gothic canopies, all executed with rich colors.
List of works
Windows (1867–1868) at St. Ann's Episcopal Church in Brooklyn, New York (Renwick & Sands), now the gymnasium of Packer Collegiate Institute; the window "Faith and Hope" was donated to the Metropolitan Museum of Art and is on permanent display in the American Wing.
Windows (1872) at St. Matthew's German Evangelical Lutheran Church in Charleston, South Carolina. The Henry E. Sharp chancel windows survived the church fire of January 13, 1965.
Windows (1878) at St. Mary's Episcopal Church in Green Cove Springs, Florida.
Altar Windows (1868) and Good Shepherd Window (1872) at St. Matthew's Episcopal Church in Hillsborough, North Carolina.
"Consolation" Window in the middle of the south nave wall, after 1877. Christ Church in Raleigh, North Carolina. Made by Henry E. Sharp & Sons, New York. Two similar windows in the south wall, one nearest the narthex ("Blessed are the pure in heart") and one in the chancel ("Nearer my God to thee"), may also be Sharp windows. All three windows were given by the Battle family within a similar time frame.
Altar windows (1856), St. Luke's Episcopal Church, Jacksonville, Alabama.
References
American stained glass artists and manufacturers
Companies based in Manhattan
American companies established in 1850
American companies disestablished in 1897
Defunct companies based in New York City
Culture in Belfast
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1897
Manufacturing companies established in 1850
Borsuk (, Borsuk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gorzków, south-west of Krasnystaw, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Borsuk
King Philip was a 19th-century clipper ship launched in 1856 and wrecked in 1878. The wreck of this ship is only rarely visible; very infrequently the timbers can be seen protruding from the sands of Ocean Beach, on the Pacific Ocean coast of San Francisco, California. The wreck is the "most complete remains of an American medium clipper."
This is a shipwreck of one of many ships that were wrecked in and around San Francisco Bay.
History
King Philip was built in Alna, Maine in 1856. Seven years later she was being advertised as "a strictly first-class clipper ship with quick dispatch" and "well-known to shippers as one of the best and most reliable vessels in the California trade. Stands A-1 for seven years". With a wooden hull and three masts, she was a medium-sized clipper measuring 1,194 tons. She was named for Metacomet (who was known to the English as "King Philip"), a war chief or sachem of the Wampanoag Indians. Metacomet was the Wampanoag's leader in King Philip's War.
The ship carried cargo from the Eastern United States to San Francisco, and called at Baker Island for guano. The route required going around Cape Horn, which is famous for its enormous storms. The historian Samuel Eliot Morison has called this kind of ship "the noblest of all sailing vessels." The fastest-ever clipper ship, Flying Cloud, once sailed from New York City to San Francisco in only 89 days; King Philip, although fast, was not as fast.
King Philip had a turbulent history, including at least two mutinies or sailors' rebellions, with the ship surviving being set on fire on both of those occasions. Finally, on January 25, 1878, 22 years after she was built, King Philip left San Francisco Bay under Captain A.W. Keller, bound for Port Gamble, carrying no cargo. A steam-powered tugboat had towed her out of the Bay, in order to help her maneuver in the dangerous waters. At that exact moment, an accident caused the death of the captain of a ship that was nearby, and the tugboat crew was called upon to help out with that emergency. Left on her own without the tugboat to steer her, King Philip dropped an anchor, but the anchor did not hold fast, and the clipper drifted with the current towards the breakers of the beach and ran aground in heavy surf, which caused the ship to break apart.
In its news article, the Daily Alta California described the scene:
All the members of the crew survived the shipwreck, it being so close to the sandy beach and dry land, but the clipper herself was a total loss. Right after the incident, what was left of the wrecked clipper was offered up for auction. The remnants were bought for $1,050 (equivalent to $ today) by a San Francisco businessman named John Molloy, who was able to salvage metal fittings and sails from the destroyed clipper. The rest of the wreck was blown up and abandoned.
Reappearing wreck
Left in place at extreme low tide level in 1878, what is left of the wreck of King Philip is usually completely covered in sand. Sometimes, as the profile of the sand on the beach shifts and changes, the timbers reemerge and are visible during low tides.
The wreck was partially visible when the schooner Reporter wrecked on the same site on March 13, 1902. Contemporary accounts noted that Reporter was "fast digging her own grave alongside the bones of the King Philip, whose ribs are still seen ..." The wrecks of both ships were buried in 1910 when bulldozing of the sand dunes to build the Great Highway pushed large amounts of sand onto the beach.
The first documented more recent appearance was in 1982. The wreck was also visible in March 1983, when National Park Service archaeologist James Delgado documented the site with fellow archaeologist Martin T. Mayer. The wreck was exposed in May 1984 to a hitherto unseen degree, at which time Delgado and a larger team returned to document more of the hull. That project determined the ship was nearly half intact (45%) from the keel to the 'tween deck level, was still partially sheathed in "yellow" or Muntz metal, and was ballasted with rocks from San Francisco's Telegraph Hill. Tangled wire rope and rigging elements as well as timbers from the schooner Reporter were also found mixed into King Philip'''s hull.
After an appearance in 1985, the next time the wreck was visible was almost 22 years later, in May 2007. The subsequent construction of the Ocean Beach sewer outfall resulted in more sand being dumped onto Ocean Beach, which again buried the ship. It was exposed again in November 2010, three years after its previous appearance. In April 2011 the wreck again became visible, this time to the same degree that it had been in 1984.
Stephen Haller, the park historian for the Golden Gate National Recreation Area of the National Park Service, says that King Philip is the best-preserved wreck of a wooden ship in the San Francisco Bay area, which has a total of approximately 200 old shipwrecks. According to James Delgado, the wreck of King Philip'' is the only known structural remains of an American medium clipper, a prototype of the American downeaster, the typical American wooden deepwaterman of the 19th century.
Because Ocean Beach belongs to the National Park Service and is federal property, the wreck of the old ship is federal property. The wreck is located at .
References
Further reading
External links
Philip, The Once and Future Clipper King
Shipwrecks of the California coast
Geography of the San Francisco Bay Area
Golden Gate National Recreation Area
California clippers
Guano trade
Ships built in Portland, Maine
Age of Sail merchant ships of the United States
Merchant ships of the United States
Maritime incidents in January 1878
1856 ships
A digital television adapter (DTA), commonly known as a converter box or decoder box, is a television tuner that receives a digital television (DTV) transmission, and converts the digital signal into an analog signal that can be received and displayed on an analog television set. Some also have an HDMI output since some TVs with HDMI do not have a digital tuner. The input digital signal may be over-the-air terrestrial television signals received by a television antenna, or signals from a digital cable system. It normally does not refer to satellite TV, which has always required a set-top box either to operate the big satellite dish, or to be the integrated receiver/decoder (IRD) in the case of direct-broadcast satellites (DBS).
In North America and South Korea, these ATSC tuner boxes convert from ATSC to NTSC, while in most of Europe and other places such as Australia and most Asian countries, they convert from Digital Video Broadcasting (DVB) to PAL, and in Japan, the Philippines and most countries in South America, they convert from ISDB-T to either NTSC or PAL. Because the DTV transition did nothing to reduce the number of broadcast television system standards (and in fact further complicated them), and due to varying frequency allocations and bandplans, there are many other combinations specific to other countries.
United States
On June 12, 2009, all full-power analog television transmissions ended in the United States. Viewers who watch broadcast television on older analog TV sets must use a digital converter box. Since many of the low-power TV stations continued to broadcast in analog for a while, consumers who watch low-power stations needed an adapter with an analog passthrough feature that allows the viewer to watch both digital and analog signals. Viewers who receive their television signals through cable or satellite were not affected by this change and did not need a digital television adapter (however, see the cable TV exception below). Additionally, viewers who have newer televisions with built-in digital ATSC tuners will not need an external digital television adapter.
The United States government had set up a program to offer consumers a $40 "coupon" which could be used toward the purchase of a coupon-eligible converter box; that program ended in July 2009.
History
At the Consumer Electronics Association's Entertainment Technology Policy Summit in January 2006, Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Commissioner Jonathan Adelstein said many Americans did not know about the February 17, 2006, deadline for ending analog TV. Furthermore, he said, too many people were still buying analog TV sets, meaning more demand for converter boxes. And even if people found out what they would have to do, converter boxes might not do the job adequately. Tribune Broadcasting chief technology officer Ira Goldstone said just buying a converter box did not necessarily mean getting the latest technology. Bob Seidel of CBS said companies (especially in countries other than the US) might use cheaper tuners, and people would need new television antennas for proper reception. Circuit City Chairman Alan McCollough opposed converter boxes, saying people should just buy digital TVs, and television networks should offer only widescreen-format television programming as an incentive to do that.
Prototypes of the first converter boxes appeared at the NAB show in 2006. LG Electronics, which took over Zenith Electronics in 1999, showed its model connected to a Zenith TV from 1980, while Thomson Consumer Electronics used an RCA TV from 1987 for its demonstration. Both boxes shown used electronic program guides using Program and System Information Protocol (PSIP). The devices showed program details, V-chip ratings and signal strength. Thomson's model stored three days of TV listings, allowed parental controls, and could set a VCR.
Differences for cable customers
Cable TV systems are under no deadline to convert to digital TV. However, many Comcast (and some other cable TV) customers are finding all of their non-local and non-shopping networks eliminated on various dates, even though only a few are needed for additional digital cable channels. CECBs (Coupon-eligible converter boxes) will not work on these systems because cable ATSC uses 256QAM modulation instead of 8VSB, and so a separate but similar DTA with a QAM tuner is necessary. If the cable company takes away analog channels, at least two of these adapters must be provided for free by the cable company for at least three years so that customers can continue to watch the same channels with existing equipment. Cable companies were required to provide some analog service until October 2006. After that, taking away analog channels allowed faster Internet and more HD channels. An adapter from the cable provider was needed even for digital TVs if the company scrambled its digital signals to prevent piracy.
A digital transport adapter will allow viewing of basic channels, often as many as 99, but not premium channels. It will also not allow video on demand or pay-per-view. DTAs also allow analog sets to receive digital signals using RF output on channel 3 or 4, using coaxial cable. Other versions of the DTA (including with an HDMI output) are available.
Pace plc developed the XiD-P digital transport adapter for Comcast, allowing 4K service and offering the potential to expand the DTA from one-way to two-way. This would involve adding IP capability.
European Union
Most countries that have switched to digital TV use DVB-T broadcasting with MPEG-2 MP@ML or H.264 encoding. However, some have considered switching to DVB-T2 such as the UK, being the first to test DVB-T2. This results in a number of different combinations for external digital receivers with the MPEG-2s sold at about €15 to €35 and the MPEG-4 ones reaching €25 to €150. Currently, all set-top boxes sold in the EU cannot exceed 0.5 W in standby mode.
Russia
Russia has also introduced digital TV and is now (03.12.2018 – 03.06.2019) ending analog over-the-air transmission.
Most new TVs feature a DVB-T2 tuner which allows reception of digital over-the-air TV without need of an external device such a converter box.
If using a TV set without a DVB-T2 tuner, an external converter box must be purchased and used.
This converter box takes the digital signal from the antenna and outputs composite video (for SD TVs) or HDMI (for HD TVs). The RF/antenna output, if present on the box, is usually just a passthrough ("LOOP OUT" which does not provide the box's output signal, but only provides the raw antenna input signal – to watch analog channels via the TV's tuner if analog broadcast has not ended yet or to connect another DVB-T2 capable device to the same antenna feed) because even older TVs usually have at least composite input; this removes a need for an RF modulator in the converter box.
See also
Cable converter box
Digital television transition
DTV transition in the United States
Digital television in the Philippines
Set-top box
References
Request for Comment and Notice of Proposed Rules to Implement and Administer a Coupon Program for Digital-to-Analog Converter Boxes, Docket Number 060512129-6129-01 (Jul. 25, 2006).
Digital television
Consumer electronics
Film and video technology
Set-top box
Television technology
Television terminology
History of television
ru:Ресивер цифрового телевидения
fi:Digitaalisovitin
Pretty Little Liars is a multimedia franchise consisting of two book series, four television series and one web series. The initial novel of the same name was first published in 2006.
The first television series also entitled Pretty Little Liars began airing on ABC Family in June 2010; meanwhile, additional books continued to be published. Pretty Dirty Secrets, a web series was released on ABC Family's website in the fall of 2012 alongside the third season of Pretty Little Liars. The second series to make it to television, Ravenswood, aired on ABC Family from 2013 to 2014 and was cancelled after one season. Pretty Little Liars later ended and aired its final episode in June 2017.
The first book of The Perfectionists was released in April 2014 and a second book in 2015. A television series for The Perfectionists was developed and later reworked into a spin-off and sequel of Pretty Little Liars with the title Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists, which became the third series in the franchise. It aired on Freeform from March to May 2019 and was cancelled after one season.
In 2022, Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin, the fourth series in the franchise premiered on HBO Max.
Literature
Pretty Little Liars
Set in the suburbs of Philadelphia, the book series follows the lives of four teenage girls whose clique falls apart after the disappearance of their queen bee leader, Alison DiLaurentis. Three years after her mysterious disappearance, the girls begin receiving intimidating messages from an anonymous character named "A", who threatens to expose their secrets, including long-forgotten ones they thought only Alison knew. Shortly after the messages begin, Alison's body is discovered buried in her yard. The books progress with the four girls trying to figure out the identity of "A" and facing many dangerous obstacles and twists as they do so.
Pretty Little Liars is a series of young adult novels by Sara Shepard. It consists of 21 books split into 4 arcs of 4 books each, the remaining 5 are made up of short stories and companion novels. The novels have appeared on The New York Times Best Seller list. The franchise has been licensed by Amazon.com's Kindle Worlds range of non-canon ebooks. A audio podcast series titled The Liars, which served as a sequel to the series and was released on Audible on June 16, 2022.
The Perfectionists
The Perfectionists are a series of young adult novels by Sara Shepard. The first book of the same name was released on October 2, 2014. The second novel, and sequel to the first, titled The Good Girls was released on June 2, 2015. Five high school girls jokingly plan the perfect murder for a boy who has hurt them in different manners. When the boy is found dead in the exact way they thought, the girls become prime suspects and start a quest to find the real murderer. A television adaption for the series had been in the works at The CW since 2013, but the rights were later sold to Freeform.
Television
Four television series, including one made for web, make up the bulk of the Pretty Little Liars franchise: Pretty Little Liars, Pretty Dirty Secrets, Ravenswood, and Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists. The four series in total amount to 152 episodes across 10 seasons of television. A fifth series, Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin, is released in 2022.
Pretty Little Liars (2010–2017)
Pretty Little Liars is an American teen drama mystery thriller television series developed by I. Marlene King and is loosely based on the novel series of the same name. The series follows the lives of four high school girls whose clique falls apart after the disappearance of their leader. One year later, the estranged friends are reunited as they begin receiving messages from a mysterious figure named "A" who threatens to expose their deepest secrets. The series features an ensemble cast, headed by Troian Bellisario as Spencer Hastings, Lucy Hale as Aria Montgomery, Ashley Benson as Hanna Marin, Shay Mitchell as Emily Fields, Sasha Pieterse as Alison DiLaurentis and Janel Parrish as Mona Vanderwaal. The series premiered on June 8, 2010 on ABC Family, and ended on June 27, 2017. The ratings success of the first 10 episodes prompted the book series to be extended beyond the initial eight novels. On August 29, 2016, Freeform confirmed that the series would be ending after its seventh season in 2017. The series finale was viewed by an estimated 1.41 million viewers. It had the second-highest rating of any cable TV series that aired that night.
Pretty Dirty Secrets (2012)
Pretty Dirty Secrets is an American mystery web series from the television series Pretty Little Liars. The web series takes place between the events of the series' third season episodes, "The Lady Killer" and "This Is a Dark Ride". Set in the Rosewood Halloween Spooktacular Store, as the visitors of Rosewood prepared for Halloween.
Ravenswood (2013–2014)
Ravenswood is an American supernatural teen drama, mystery-thriller television series created by I. Marlene King, Oliver Goldstick and Joseph Dougherty. The show aired on ABC Family from October 22, 2013 until February 4, 2014. It is the first spin-off series of Pretty Little Liars and the second series in the franchise. Set in the fictional town of Ravenswood, Pennsylvania, the series follows five strangers whose lives become intertwined by a deadly curse that has plagued their town for generations. They have to dig into the town's dark past to solve the mysterious curse. Starring Nicole Gale Anderson, Tyler Blackburn, Steven Cabral, Brett Dier, Britne Oldford and Merritt Patterson. The series was cancelled due to low ratings after one season.
Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists (2019)
Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists, the third series in the franchise, is an American television series created by I. Marlene King. The series premiered on Freeform on March 20, 2019 and was concluded on May 22, 2019. The series is a sequel to Pretty Little Liars and was loosely based on the novel The Perfectionists by Sara Shepard. It is the second spin-off series of Pretty Little Liars, which will include some of the main characters with Sasha Pieterse and Janel Parrish reprising their roles as Alison DiLaurentis and Mona Vanderwaal, respectively. In a town of Beacon Heights, Washington, where everything seems perfect, from their top-tier college to their overachieving residents and the stress of needing to be perfect leads to the town's first murder. It stars Sofia Carson, Sydney Park, Eli Brown, Hayley Erin, Graeme Thomas King and Kelly Rutherford. Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists was cancelled after one season.
Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin (2022)
Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin, is the fourth series in the franchise, centered around a new cast of characters. Initially announced as a reboot, the series was later confirmed to be taking place within the existing chronology of the previous television series, while introducing new characters and storylines. The premise of the series will see the main characters paying for their parents' sin nearly 20 years ago. The series was first announced as being in development at Warner Bros. for HBO Max in September 2020. With Riverdale creator Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and Lindsay Calhoon Bring took over as showrunners from I. Marlene King. The series consists of 10 episodes and stars Bailee Madison, Chandler Kinney, Zaria, Malia Pyles, and Maia Reficco.
Cast and characters
Main cast
International adaptations
References
Notes
Citations
ABC Family original programming
Freeform (TV channel) original programming
Television franchises
Warner Bros. Television Studios franchises
Mass media franchises introduced in 2006
Aulacophora antennata is a species of leaf beetle in the genus Aulacophora.
References
Aulacophora
Beetles described in 1886
Taxa named by Joseph Sugar Baly
Kyle Hyland (born March 1, 1991) is a former American soccer player.
Career
College
Hyland played at IUPUI in Indianapolis From 2009–2012. In his freshman year, Hyland was selected as the team's freshman captain. In his freshman season he appeared in all of the team's 19 games, 16 of which were starts. Hyland made 3 attempts at the net but was unsuccessful. In his sophomore year (2010) he appeared in 17 matches, all of which were starts. Hyland also scored one goal and one assist. In his junior year (2011) of college he started all 18 matches the team participated in that season. Hyland made one goal and lead the team with 4 assists. He played 1,611 minutes in his junior year which set a new team record for most minutes played in a single season. Hyland also lead the team in shot attempts. In his senior year (2012) of college he racked up eight goals including 2 games with multiple goals and made 3 game winning goals his senior year.
Columbus Crew
The Columbus Crew of MLS picked Hyland up in the MLS 2013 preseason and was placed with the crew reserves. He managed 11 appearances with the crew reserves, 9 of which were starts for the crew reserves. Hyland also received 1 red card in the 2013 season. Hyland was the first player in IUPUI history to graduate and immediately sign a Soccer Club contract without going through the MLS SuperDraft.
Indy Eleven
Hyland spent 2014–2015 with Indy Eleven of the North American Soccer League.
OKC Energy FC
Hyland moved to OKC Energy FC for the 2016 season.
Career statistics
References
1991 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football defenders
Columbus Crew players
Indy Eleven players
IUPUI Jaguars men's soccer players
North American Soccer League players
OKC Energy FC players
People from Bay Village, Ohio
Soccer players from Ohio
Sportspeople from Cuyahoga County, Ohio
USL Championship players
Homegrown Players (MLS)
Zhou Yajun () (born October 17, 1984 in Shanghai) is a Chinese association football goalkeeper who currently plays for Shenzhen FC.
Club career
Shenhua and University
Zhou Yajun began his football career with the various Shanghai Shenhua youth teams and took part in the squads that trained in Brazil, however instead of immediately continuing with his football career Zhou Yajun would instead continue with his studies and go to Donghua University where he still played football as a goalkeeper. Once he had completed his studies he was allowed to return to Shanghai Shenhua and by the 2006 Chinese Super League season he would start his professional football career as their third choice goalkeeper. His league debut would come on July 16, 2006 against Qingdao Zhongneng in a 2-0 win. Surprisingly he would find himself continuing to play in goal due to injury and suspensions to the other goalkeepers and by the end of the season he had played in 12 league games. Zhou Yajun's progression within the Shanghai Shenhua's football team was short lived when they merged with local football team Shanghai United F.C. and with the influx of players he found himself immediately dropped from the newly formed team throughout the 2007 league season.
Henan Construction
Zhou Yajun was surplus to requirements and was allowed to leave Shanghai Shenhua at the end of the 2007 league season and by the beginning of the 2008 Chinese Super League season he joined Henan Construction. He would make his debut on their first game of the season on April 5, 2008 against Liaoning Whowin F.C. in a 3-3 draw. After that game he would become their first choice goalkeeper throughout the season. While he aided Henan to a respectable 10th within the league he was dropped in favour of new goalkeeper Zeng Cheng by new Manager Tang Yaodong at the beginning of the 2009 Chinese Super League.
Shenzhen
On 3 February 2016, Zhou signed for China League One club Shenzhen FC. He would make his debut in a league game on 12 March 2016 against Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard F.C. in a 2-1 victory. He would go on to be part of the squad that gained promotion at the end of the 2018 China League One campaign.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2019.
Honours
Club
Henan Construction
China League One: 2013
References
External links
Player stats at sohu.com
Squad profile at Henan Construction website
1984 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Shanghai
Shanghai Shenhua F.C. players
Henan Songshan Longmen F.C. players
Shenzhen F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Donghua University alumni
The half laurel was a coin of the Kingdom of England minted between 1619 and 1625, with a value of ten shillings (half a pound, or half a laurel).
The half laurel was the third English gold coin with a value of ten shillings produced during the reign of King James I. It was named after the laurel that the king is portrayed as wearing on his head, but it is considerably poorer in both quality and style than both the half sovereign and the double crown which preceded it. The coin was produced during James I's third coinage (1619–1625). All the coins were produced at the Tower Mint in the City of London.
The half laurel was introduced to replace the double crown of 1604, which had an initial value of ten shillings but whose value had been increased to eleven shillings in 1612 because of the increasing value of gold; the need was felt for a ten-shilling coin in circulation again.
The King is looking to the left of the coin and has the value "X" to the right, behind the kings' head. The legend on the obverse reads IACOBUS D G MAG BRI FRA ET HIB REX – James, by the grace of God King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland – while the reverse shows a long cross over a crowned shield with the arms of the four countries, and the legend HENRIC ROSAS REGNA IACOBUS – Henry [united] the roses, James the kingdoms.
English gold coins
Fred Reed may refer to:
Fred A. Reed (born 1939), journalist, author and translator
Fred Reed (footballer) (1894–1967), English football centre half
Replay may refer to:
Replay (sports), a replayed match between two sport teams
Technology
Game replay, a recording of a game session.
Instant replay, in motion pictures and television, a showing again of part of a film
Replay Professional, a hardware sound sampling device used by the atari ST
ReplayTV, a digital video recorder (DVR)
Replay attack, in cryptography, an attack involving insertion of a message that has been sent previously
Replay system of NetBurst architecture microprocessors
REPLAY (software), a management system for audiovisual content developed at ETH Zurich
Books
Replay (Grimwood novel), a 1986 science fiction novel by Ken Grimwood
Replay (Creech novel), a 2005 book by Sharon Creech
Replay: The History of Video Games, a 2010 book by Tristan Donovan
RE:Play, a 2006 original English-language manga by Christy Lijewski
Film and television
Replay (2001 film), a 2001 French drama film
Replay (2003 film), a 2003 film starring Rebecca Mader
Replay (TV sports series), a Fox Sports Net series featuring alumni from two sports teams, who replay a notable game from their past
Replay (TV series), a Canadian sports talk show television series
"Replay" (The Twilight Zone), 2019 episode of the television series The Twilight Zone
Replay (web series), a 2021 South Korean web drama.
Music
Albums
Replay (Crosby, Stills & Nash album), a 1980 album by the rock group Crosby, Stills & Nash
Replay (Alison Brown album), a 2002 album by American banjoist Alison Brown
Replay (Play album), a 2003 album by Swedish girl group Play
Replay (Iyaz album), a 2010 album by British Virgin Island singer Iyaz
Replay (The Outfield album), a 2011 album by English rock band The Outfield
Rush Replay X 3, a 2006 set of filmed concerts from Rush
Replay (EP), 2008 EP by South Korean boy band Shinee
Songs
"Replay" (Iyaz song), a 2009 song by Iyaz
"Replay" (Mr. Children song), a 1993 song by Japanese band Mr. Children
"Replay" (Shinee song), a 2008 song by Shinee
"Replay" (Tamta song), a 2019 song that represented Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019
"Replay" (Zendaya song), a 2013 song by Zendaya
"Replay", a 1995 song by Millencolin from the album Life on a Plate
"Replay", a 2013 song by Vamps from the single "Ahead/Replay"
"Replay", a 2020 song by Lady Gaga from Chromatica
"Replay", a 2021 song by Senidah
Other uses
Replay pen, the brand name in Europe and Brazil for the Papermate Erasermate pen
Replay XD1080, a tubular action cam.
The Invasion of Jersey was a failed French attack on British-held Jersey in 1779, during the American Revolutionary War.
Battle
A letter from Major Moses Corbet, Lieutenant Governor of Jersey, reported that on 1 May 1779, a French force attempted a landing at St Ouen's Bay. Early that morning, lookouts sighted five large vessels and a great number of boats some three leagues off the coast, proceeding towards the coast in order by a coup de main to effect a landing. Guns on the cutters, and small craft supporting the landing, fired grapeshot at the defenders on the coast. By fast marching, the 78th Regiment of Foot and Jersey militia had arrived in time to oppose the landing, dragging with them some field artillery through the sand of the beaches. The defenders were able to prevent the landing, suffering only a few men wounded when a cannon burst.
As the tide was ebbing, the French warships could not get close enough to support any landing, and without their support, the captains of the transports were unwilling to bring their vessels inshore. By some reports, the first and only vessel that attempted to land was either struck with a shot or dashed upon a rock. Twenty men got ashore and surrendered, 15 or 18 men drowned, and the rest got off safe. The French vessels held off a league from the coast, but eventually left the area.
On 2 May, a vessel from Jersey fell in with a convoy under Admiral Mariot Arbuthnot that had left Spithead en route to North America. Arbuthnot sent the convoy to Torbay and proceeded to the relief of Jersey with his ships. However, when he arrived, he found that Captain Ford of had the situation well in hand. Arbuthnot returned to his convoy, but his deviation resulted in the convoy not clearing the Channel until end of June, with consequent hardship for the troops in North America who were awaiting it.
On 13 May Captain Sir James Wallace captured the French frigate Danae, and a brig and cutter, in Cancale Bay. The squadron had sailed to the relief of Jersey after the failed French invasion.
Aftermath
In 1787 the British placed a battery of three 24-pounder guns on the spot where the Rector of St Ouen, le Sire du Parcq, had placed guns to repulse the French attack. In 1834, the British built a Martello tower there. Known as Lewis Tower (or St Ouen's No. 1), it survives to this day. During the German occupation of the Channel Islands 1940–1945, the Germans built a large bunker next to Lewis Tower; today it houses the Channel Islands Military Museum.
Citations and references
Citations
References
Campbell, John, John Berkenhout, Henry Redhead Yorke, William Stevenson (1817) Lives of the British admirals: containing an accurate naval history from the earliest periods. (Printed for C.J. Barrington, and J. Harris)
Conflicts in 1779
Battles of the American Revolutionary War
1779 in Great Britain
18th century in Jersey
Military operations involving France
Jersey
Military history of Jersey
Invasions of Jersey
Olagbegi Atanneye I was a paramount ruler of Owo Kingdom, Ondo state, southwestern Nigeria who reigned between 1913 and 1938. He was the brother of Olowo Ajike Ogunoye and son of Olowo Olagbegi Atanneye II
References
Yoruba monarchs
Nigerian traditional rulers
People from Owo
Olagbegi family
Vinko Puljić (; born September 8, 1945) is a Bosnian prelate of the Catholic Church who has been a cardinal since 1994. He was the archbishop of Vrhbosna from 1991 to 2022.
Early life and education
The twelfth of thirteen children, Vinko Puljić was born in Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina (then part of Yugoslavia), to Ivan and Kaja Puljić. His mother died when he was three-years-old, and his father then remarried. In addition to his family, young Vinko's spiritual formation was deeply influenced by the Trappist Mariastern Abbey, located not far from his native village. One of the monks helped Vinko's father to send his son to the minor seminary of Zagreb. Father Ante Artner sold his motorbike and gave the proceeds to Vinko's father, who did not have enough money to pay his board there. Vinko then studied philosophy and theology at the major seminary of Đakovo.
Priesthood
Puljić was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Stjepan Bauerlein on June 29, 1970, and then served as a chaplain in the Diocese of Banja Luka until 1973, whence he became an official of the diocesan curia. He was a parish priest in Sasina from June to November 1973, and in Ravska from 1973 to 1978. In 1978, he was named spiritual director of the minor seminary of Zadar. During this time, he also served as a confessor at a Benedictine monastery and organized spiritual retreats for priests, seminarians, and nuns.
In 1987, he returned to the Diocese of Banja Luka, where he served as a parish priest in Bosanska Gradiška. He was later transferred to Sarajevo in 1990 as vice-rector of the Sarajevo major seminary.
Episcopal ministry
On November 19, 1990, Puljić was appointed Archbishop of Vrhbosna by Pope John Paul II. He thus became the sixth archbishop of that see after the reconstruction of the ordinary ecclesiastical hierarchy in 1881 after the Ottoman occupational rule which had lasted more than four centuries. He received his episcopal consecration on January 6, 1991 from John Paul II himself, with archbishops Giovanni Battista Re and Justin Francis Rigali serving as co-consecrators, at St. Peter's Basilica.
Puljić was created Cardinal-Priest of S. Chiara a Vigna Clara by John Paul II in the consistory of 26 November 1994. He was 49 years old when he became the youngest member of the College of Cardinals. On October 18, 2001, he was invested as bailiff of the Grand Cross of Honour and Devotion in the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. Puljić was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave, which selected Pope Benedict XVI. He served as president of the Bishops' Conference of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1995 to 2002, and again from 2005 to 2010. On September 18, 2012, Pope Benedict XVI named him as a Synod Father of the 13th Ordinary General Assembly of the Synod of Bishops which was held in October 2012.
Cardinal Puljić participated in the 2013 papal conclave, which elected Pope Francis.
Views
Role during the Bosnian War
When the Bosnian War broke out in 1992, Archbishop Puljić immediately became involved in helping the thousands of refugees and exiles, mobilizing all the forces of the local Church.
During the war, he frequently risked his life while making pastoral trips to his parishes, so he was imprisoned during one visit for twelve hours by the Serbian military in Ilijaš, running a serious risk when he rode in a United Nations Protection Force tank to Vareš. John Paul II once said to him, "When I imposed hands on you...to consecrate you in the office of Pastor of the Church of Sarajevo, I had no idea that very shortly your cross would be so heavy and your cup so bitter."
Status of Međugorje
Cardinal Puljić, speaking at the 2004 assembly of the Synod of Bishops, said that the unity of the Church is threatened by the disobedience of the Franciscan monks serving at Međugorje, who "impose their own points of view". In 2006, the Episcopal Conference of Bosnia and Herzegovina considered setting up a commission to examine the alleged Marian apparitions. He later served on the commission chaired by Cardinal Ruini.
Relations with Muslims
Cardinal Puljić has said that before the war, relations with Muslims were very good, but that in recent times, the situation has somewhat deteriorated. The first sign was the arrival of humanitarian aid from Arab countries. It was distributed only to Muslims, while at the same time it was prohibited to give it to Christians. In 2012, Cardinal Puljić warned about the spreading of Wahhabism in Southeastern Europe, especially in Bosnia and Herzegovina, stating that the state authorities are not capable of preventing it. At the same time he warned about the discrimination of Catholics in the Bosnian society, demanding equal treatment for Catholics in employment, education, and other areas. He confirmed that he will continue to try to establish a dialogue and peaceful coexistence between Christians and Muslims in Bosnia and Herzegovina, which was disrupted by the recent war in the country.
Women and marriage
In May 2016, Puljić drew controversy after appealing to women in a sermon in Zadar, Croatia not to have sexual intercourse before marriage so that they wouldn't become a "štraca", which is a local slang word for a "whore". The word became a meme, as well, spawning the creation of various Facebook groups numbering thousands of people. The cardinal claimed in response that his words were "taken out of context" despite different implications based on the transcript of the sermon, but concedes that the word he used is too harsh.
Clergy sex abuse
In February 2019, Puljić said in an interview that there were several cases of clergy abuse in Bosnia and Herzegovina as well, but that he did not report them to the police. Puljić did not publish the names of the abusers or the place where they were at the service.
Personal life
On 2 December 2020, it was confirmed that Puljić tested positive for COVID-19, amid its pandemic in Bosnia and Herzegovina; by 12 December, he recovered.
References
External links
Biography @ catholic-pages.com
Meeting with Cardinal Puljic, Bosnia and Herzegovina U.S. Institute of Peace Event, May 2006 (Audio available)
1945 births
Living people
Bishops of Banja Luka
Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina cardinals
Archbishops of Vrhbosna
Bishops appointed by Pope John Paul II
21st-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Bosnia and Herzegovina
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
The William Johnson House in Fruitdale, South Dakota, United States, is a bungalow house from c.1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The house's bungalow/craftsman architecture, of then current vogue, demonstrates that the tiny town was connected to the national marketplace. It is a nearly square building, with a deep front porch, and is unusual for having an elevator. It was built for William Johnson, a banker in Fruitdale.
References
Houses in Butte County, South Dakota
Houses completed in 1909
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in South Dakota
National Register of Historic Places in Butte County, South Dakota
The 2008 South Carolina Republican presidential primary was held on January 19, with 24 delegates at stake. The Republican National Committee took half of South Carolina's 47 delegates away from them because the state committee moved its Republican primary before February 5. It was held on the same day as the Nevada Republican caucuses, 2008.
The primary has become one of several key early state nominating contests in the process of choosing the nominee of the Republican party for the November 2008 election for President of the United States. It has historically been more important for the Republican Party than for the Democratic Party; from its inception in 1980 through the election of 2000, the winner of the Republican presidential primary has gone on to win the nomination. As of 2008, the primary has cemented its place as the "First in the South" primary for both parties.
This state's 24 delegates would be awarded on a "Winner-Takes-All" basis. 12 Delegates for the Statewide winner and 12 delegates awarded on a District-winner basis awarding 2 delegates for each of the states then 6 Congressional districts.
Polling
As of January 19, RealClearPolitics reported that the average support from polls placed McCain in the lead with 26.9%, followed by Huckabee with 25.9%, Romney with 14.7%, Thompson with 14.6%, Paul with 4.4%, and Giuliani with 3.4%.
Results
Huckabee was for weeks leading in the state but lost by a 14,743 vote margin. He did manage to win Congressional districts 3, 4 and 5 in the North of the state earning him a total of 6 delegates.
John McCain won the statewide primary earning him 12 Delegates as well as Congressional Districts 1, 2 and 6. earning him an additional 6 delegates for a total of 18.
* Candidate withdrew his bid for the nomination prior to the reporting of the primary.
On January 22, 2008 after a poor showing Fred Thompson dropped out of the race. Duncan Hunter did so too.
Results of prior primaries
1980: Ronald Reagan won with 54%, defeating runner-up John Connally.
1984: Uncontested (Reagan was the incumbent president and was re-nominated).
1988: George H. W. Bush won with 49%, defeating runner-up Bob Dole.
1992: George H. W. Bush won with 68%, defeating runner-up Pat Buchanan.
1996: Bob Dole won with 45%, defeating runner-up Pat Buchanan.
2000: George W. Bush won with 53%, defeating runner-up John McCain.
2004: Uncontested (Bush was the incumbent president and was re-nominated).
See also
Republican Party (United States) presidential primaries, 2008
South Carolina primary
South Carolina Democratic primary, 2008
References
External links
Election Center 2008:Primary Results for South Carolina
South Carolina GOP Presidential Primary Task Force
2008 South Carolina Primary
South Carolina
2008 South Carolina elections
2008
Winslow William Hall (May 15, 1912 – December 27, 1995) was an American rower, born in Oakland, California, who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932, he won the gold medal as member of the American boat in the eights competition.
External links
profile
1912 births
1995 deaths
Sportspeople from Oakland, California
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in rowing
American male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Columbinia elegans is a left-handed, air-breathing land snail species in the genus Columbinia. It is found in Peru.
References
External links
Columbinia elegans at the Worldwide Mollusc Species Data Base (WMSDB)
Clausiliidae
Gastropods described in 2010
Fauna of Peru
Abel-Marie Alexis Decaux (11 February 1869 – 19 March 1943) was a French organist, composer, and pedagogue, best known for his piano suite Clairs de lune, some of the earliest pieces of dodecaphonic, yet impressionist music.
A student of Théodore Dubois, Jules Massenet, and Charles-Marie Widor, among others, he was the titular organist of the grand organ of the Sacré-Cœur basilica. Decaux was more renowned as a player and professor during his lifetime than a composer.
He is popularly known as the "French Schoenberg".
Biography
Abel-Marie Alexis Decaux was born at 03:00 in Auffay (Seine-Maritime; then named Seine-Inférieure). He was the second son of Louis-Émile Decaux, a mayoral secretary, teacher, and school principal; and Aimé Désiré Picard. His parents married on 17 September 1855 in Mesnières-en-Bray.
From his earliest years, he began to display artistic tendencies. His elder brother, Alexis then tutored him in the basics of music. Alexis, an amateur composer, would later publish a pedagogical book on pianism in 1885 and followed in his father's footsteps, eventually becoming mayor of Auffay. However, Abel also had aspirations of becoming a sailor; an ideal ultimately quashed by his father.
Decaux then moved to study in Rouen at its cathedral's Maîtrise Saint-Evode. He studied harmony in an unusual manner; corresponding with a professor in Paris, Garnier-Marchand. The latter would later become the dedicatee of Decaux's first work. After graduating in 1890, he moved to the nation's capital to study at its conservatory, studying there until 1895 (a scholarship was granted to him in 1893), but not graduating. His teachers were:
Charles-Wilfrid de Bériot, piano
Théodore Dubois and Albert Lavignac, harmony
Charles Lenepveu, counterpoint and fugue
Jules Massenet, composition
Charles-Marie Widor, organ
He would later befriend Alexandre Guilmant, organist at the Sainte-Trinité who he continued studying the organ with. As a result, Widor and Guilmant nominated Decaux to fill in the post of junior organ professor at the Schola Cantorum; which he also cofounded. Books he had used included the Barnes method; his pupils remembering him as a "strict, reasonable teacher". Decaux was also introduced to Déodat de Séverac, titular organist at the Bourg-la-Reine church, quickly forming an important friendship. He occasionally substituted for him on Fridays and Sundays.
On 23 June 1902, he married socialite Jeanne Félicie Marie Lescarcelle, who apparently toughened his personality and made him focus on teaching. The following year, he was unanimously elected as titular organist of the Sacré-Cœur basilica by a jury that congratulated him, which included his colleagues Guilmant and Widor, as well as Louis Vierne, organist of Notre-Dame de Paris. His composition teacher Massenet died this year.
The following year, on 23 November, the Decaux couple delight as their only daughter, Marguerite Marie Louise, is born. It is also the year in which he released his best-known work, a piano suite, Clairs de lune ("Moonlights").
From 1914 to 1919, a new Cavaillé-Coll organ, with modifications by his successor Charles Mutin, was installed from the residence of Baron Albert de L'Espée in Ilbarritz. Widor, Decaux, and up-and-coming concert organist Marcel Dupré, who would later be considered the greatest organist of the 20th century, gave its inaugural concert on 16 October of the latter year. He then left for the United States to teach organ at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York in 1923, while still keeping his titular position. His predecessor was Joseph Bonnet. However, he resigned the titularship (through contract renewal with both parties) in 1926.
Decaux learned English (albeit difficultly) in order to communicate with his students. His wife, however, did not. He would spend holidays in France.
In 1930, Decaux's daughter married Pierre Jean Pavie, choirmaster and organist at the Saint-Pierre-et-Saint-Paul church in Colombes on 15 July. They had four children.
Having been appointed by presidential edict as a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur the preceding year (André Laboulaye, French ambassador to the United States had physically bestowed the medal upon him), he returned to his homeland in 1935, accepting a teaching position at the École César Franck, the successor of the Schola Cantorum (succeeding Vierne); and at the Institut Grégorien in Paris. The resignation, was caused by among other things, rivalries and hostile terms with colleagues, as well as his wife's dissatisfaction. The basilica's position would later be filled in by Ludovic Panel, his deputy. Decaux's failure to reoccupy the position (despite his protests) led to his appointment as titular of Saint-Joseph-des-Carmes with its 1902 Didier organ; in 1936.
Decaux died at his home, 284 Boulevard Raspail, in the 14th arrondissement of Paris at the age of 74 at 01:00 on 19 March 1943. He and his wife are buried in Aumale—the town also has a street bearing his name. His widow later died in 1961, with their daughter following on 23 May 1979.
Music
The body of music which Decaux wrote throughout his lifetime is considerably small; with only two pieces being published in his lifetime. His fame mainly stems from his piano suite Clairs de lune, written between 1900 and 1907 and published in 1913. It is remarkably modern for its time, anticipating both Claude Debussy and Arnold Schoenberg. He later received the moniker "The French Schoenberg" from his contemporaries.
Compositions
Piano
Variations brillantes sur Ah ! Vous dirai-je, maman (unpublished)
Clairs de lune (1913): Minuit passe (1900) – La Ruelle (1902) – Le Cimetière (1907) – La Mer (1903)
Clairs de lune was supposed to have a fifth piece, La Forêt. Its sketches still survive, but this project was abandoned.
Organ
Fughetta in D minor on Ave maris stella (1914; published in Maîtres contemporains de l'orgue)
Vocal music
La lune blanche with piano accompaniment (1899): after Paul Verlaine
Pupils
The years refer to their periods of tutelage under Decaux.
Marguerite Béclard d'Harcourt (c. 1898)
René Bürg (1920–1923)
Henri Gagnebin (1908–1909)
Jesús Guridi (1904–1905)
Auguste Le Guennant
Éliane Lejeune-Bonnier (1939)
Omer Létourneau (1919–1920)
Pierre Pavie (later his son-in-law; c. 1910)
Paule Piedelièvre
Noëlie Pierront (c. 1910)
Marc de Ranse (1897–1898)
Félix Raugel
Adrien Rougier (c. 1917)
Maurice Sergent
Édouard Souberbielle (c. 1917)
Notes
Bibliography
Dictionnaire de la Musique française, Larousse, 1988.
Dictionnaire de la Musique, Marc Honegger, Bordas.
Dictionnaire de la musique contemporaine, Claude Rostand, Larousse.
Pierre Guillot (dir.), , Bruxelles, Mardaga, 2003 (ISBN 978-2-87009-840-0)
Déodat de Séverac et Pierre Guillot (éditeur scientifique), Sprimont, Mardaga, 2002 (ISBN 2-87009-779-4)
(en) Stanley Sadie (dir.), , vol. 5, Oxford, Oxford University Press
(en) Baker's Biographical Dictionary of Musicians, 7th edition.
Guide de la musique de piano, Fayard.
Guide de la musique d'orgue, Fayard.
Gisèle Brelet, « », RMS (revue musicale suisse),‎ May/June 1961
Éliane Lejeune-Bonnier, "Abel Decaux", L'Orgue, no 210,‎ 1989
Henri Gagnebin, « Grands Organistes que j'ai connus : A. Decaux, un professeur admirable », L'Orgue, no 129,‎ 1969
Daniel Roth, « Le Grand Orgue du Sacré-Cœur de Montmartre à Paris », La flûte harmonique « numéro spécial »,‎ 1985
Michel Fleury, « Abel Decaux, un Schönberg français ? », La Lettre du Musicien, no 4 « supplément piano hors série »,‎ août 1990
Henry-Abel Simon, Annuaire Général de la Musique, 1888
External links
Hyperion Records
Gramophone
1869 births
1943 deaths
People from Seine-Maritime
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
French composers
French male composers
French classical organists
French male organists
Eastman School of Music faculty
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Male classical organists
Kratka was a community in rural Pennington County, Minnesota, United States.
A post office called Kratka was established in 1904, and remained in operation until 1928. The community was named for Frank H. Kratka, a pioneer merchant.
References
External links
1909 Map - See section 22 "Creamery, Kratka P.O."
Kratka, Pennington County, MN a Czech community
Former populated places in Pennington County, Minnesota
Former populated places in Minnesota
Graham Fletcher may refer to:
Graham Fletcher (diplomat), Australian Ambassador to China
Graham Fletcher (equestrian), British Olympian
The 14th Alabama Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 14th Alabama Infantry Regiment was mustered in at Richmond, Virginia, on August 1, 1861.
The regiment surrendered at Appomattox Court House.
Total strength and casualties
The 14th mustered 1,317 men during its existence. It suffered approximately 250 killed in action or mortally wounded and 350 men who died of disease, for a total of approximately 600 fatalities. An additional 159 men were discharged or transferred from the regiment.
Commanders
Colonel Thomas James Judge
Colonel Alfred Campbell Wood
Colonel Lucius Pinkard
See also
Alabama Civil War Confederate Units
Alabama in the American Civil War
Notes
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Alabama
1861 establishments in Alabama
Military units and formations established in 1861
William Wallace McDowell (January 22, 1867 – April 9, 1934), known as W. W. McDowell, was an American politician in the state of Montana who also served as the United States minister to the Irish Free State.
Montana
McDowell was born in Trenton, Tennessee, and came to Montana in 1896. He served in the Montana House of Representatives from 1908 to 1913, and was Speaker from 1909 to 1913. He served as Lieutenant Governor of Montana from 1913 to 1921.
Ireland
In September 1933, McDowell was appointed to serve as minister to the Irish Free State by president Franklin D. Roosevelt; he was reappointed in January 1934, as his initial appointment had occurred during a recess of the Senate. Upon presenting his credentials to Irish leaders on March 27, 1934, his official title was Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary. Two weeks later, he died of a sudden heart attack on April 9, 1934, while attending a banquet in Dublin.
Personal life
McDowell's wife died in Chicago in November 1933, prior to McDowell moving to Ireland; the couple had married in 1912. After McDowell's death in Dublin several months later, his body was returned to the United States and he was buried in Memphis, Tennessee.
References
External links
1867 births
1934 deaths
Montana Democrats
Lieutenant Governors of Montana
Members of the Montana House of Representatives
Speakers of the Montana House of Representatives
Ambassadors of the United States to Ireland
People from Trenton, Tennessee
Cumberland Mountain State Park is a state park in Cumberland County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States. The park consists of situated around Byrd Lake, a man-made lake created by the impoundment of Byrd Creek in the 1930s. The park is set amidst an environmental microcosm of the Cumberland Plateau and provides numerous recreational activities, including an 18-hole Bear Trace golf course.
Cumberland Mountain State Park began as part of the greater Cumberland Homesteads Project, a New Deal-era initiative by the Resettlement Administration that helped relocate poverty-stricken families on the Cumberland Plateau to small farms centered on what is now the Cumberland Homestead community. The families of Homestead built the park with help from the Civilian Conservation Corps and the Works Progress Administration.
The park was deeded to the state of Tennessee in 1938. Alvin C. York served as the park's superintendent until 1940, when he resigned to advise on the filming of Sergeant York.
Geographical setting
Cumberland Mountain State Park is situated atop the Cumberland Plateau approximately halfway between the plateau's Walden Ridge escarpment to the east and the plateau's western escarpment to the west. The southern fringe of the Crab Orchard Mountains rise just over to the east, and the northern tip of the Sequatchie Valley is located roughly to the south. The city of Crossville is located immediately north of the park.
Byrd Creek, the park's major drainage, flows eastward from the hills to the west for approximately before veering north at its confluence with Coon Hollow Branch. The Byrd Creek Dam, which is located immediately north of this confluence, retains a reservoir that covers approximately . Beyond the dam, Byrd Creek absorbs Threemile Creek, which flows from the west, and continues eastward for another before emptying into Daddys Creek (a tributary of the Obed River) near Crab Orchard. Cumberland Mountain State Park forms a semicircle around Byrd Creek and Threemile Creek, with Byrd Lake being the eastern or "closed" half of the circle.
The park's main entrance is located along Tennessee State Route 419 (Pigeon Ridge Road) just west of Homestead. U.S. Route 127, which intersects SR 419 at Homestead, connects the area with Crossville and Interstate 40 to the north and the Sequatchie Valley to the south. Tennessee State Route 68, which also intersects US 127 at Homestead, connects the area to Spring City in the Tennessee Valley to the east.
History
In 1933, at the height of the Great Depression, the U.S. government established the Subsistence Homesteads Project to aide poverty-stricken families by relocating them to small farms. The government essentially provided low-interest loans that helped families acquire and clear land, build houses and outbuildings, and plant crops. Shortly after the project was established, several businessmen and political leaders from across Tennessee convened and drafted a proposal to have a homesteads project established in the Cumberland Plateau region, which had been particularly hard hit by the Depression when dozens of coal mines in the region were forced to close. The Division of Subsistence Homesteads accepted the proposal in January 1934, and established Cumberland Homesteads, Inc. to oversee the project. The new firm chose a tract south of Crossville for the location of the project's farms and communal structures. The Civil Works Administration hired several hundred Crossvillians to clear and prepare the land for the homesteads, helping to ease the Depression in Cumberland County. In 1935, 250 families were selected for the project from over 1,500 applicants.
Part of the Cumberland Homesteads Project called for the construction of a recreational area near the center of the homesteads. Two New Deal agencies, the Works Progress Administration and the Civilian Conservation Corps, arrived in the area in 1934 to build the recreational area's facilities. Company 3464 of the CCC, under the direction of the National Park Service, began the construction of Byrd Creek Dam in 1935 and completed it in 1938, effectively creating the Byrd Lake. The dam, like many of the Homestead structures, is constructed of a native sandstone commonly called Crab Orchard Stone. At a height of and length of , the dam is the largest masonry project ever completed by the CCC. CCC Company 3464, assisted by Company 1471, continued to work at the park until 1941, building trails, picnic areas, cabins, a boathouse, a bathhouse, and other structures.
The Mill House Lodge, located near the dam, was originally built to house a gristmill that would serve the Cumberland Homesteaders. A group of local Quakers were brought in to construct the mill, although opposition from local mills— who considered a federally subsidized mill unfair competition— forced Cumberland Homesteads to nix the project. The mill house had been completed, but the waterwheel and grinding mechanisms were never installed.
The State of Tennessee acquired the park in 1938, and the park officially opened in 1940. Numerous new facilities were constructed at the park between 1948 and 1962, and a new visitor center and swimming pool were built in the 1980s. An 18-hole "Bear Trace" golf course— one of five Bear Traces designed for the State of Tennessee by golfer Jack Nicklaus— opened at Cumberland Mountain State Park in 1998. In 1988, many of the park's original buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Cumberland Homesteads Historic District.
The park today
Cumberland Mountain State Park currently maintains 37 rustic cabins, each of which can accommodate 4 to 10 people, depending on size. The Mill House Lodge was renovated in 2020 and can accommodate 6 people. There are a total of 147 campsites at the park's campgrounds, and one backcountry campsite located along the Cumberland Overnight Trail.
Recreational facilities include an olympic-sized swimming pool, picnic pavilions, playgrounds, four tennis courts, horseshoe pits, and shuffleboard, basketball, badminton, and volleyball courts. The Bear Trace golf course is a , par 72 course open year-round. Byrd Lake provides fishing and paddleboating opportunities.
Several miles of hiking trails meander through the park, mostly following Byrd Creek and adjacent hills. The Pioneer Trail loops through the hemlock forest along the shores of Byrd Lake and Byrd Lake's headwaters. The Cumberland Plateau Trail is a self-guided interpretive trail that loops through a diverse forest stand downstream from the dam. The Byrd Creek Trail is a extension of the Cumberland Plateau Trail that loops around the banks of Byrd Creek. The Cumberland Overnight Trail is a extension of the Byrd Creek Trail that winds through the hills flanking Threemile Creek. The backcountry campsite is located in a cedar flat near the overnight trail's halfway point.
Cumberland Homesteads Tower Museum
The Cumberland Homesteads Tower Museum, located from the park, recalls the development of the Cumberland Homestead Community of the 1930s. The octagonal Cumberlands Tower was originally constructed by the CCC between 1937 and 1938 using Crab Orchard Stone to house the Cumberland Homesteads offices. The tower features a water tank and a 97-step stairway to the lookout platform at the top with views of the park. The base features a museum with exhibits about the history of the Homesteads project and its residents, and period displays. Visitors can also tour an original Homesteads house which has been furnished to appear as during the Depression.
See also
List of Tennessee state parks
References
External links
Friends of Cumberland Mountain State Park
Cumberlands Homesteads Tower Museum - official site
History of the Cumberlands Homesteads
Protected areas of Cumberland County, Tennessee
State parks of Tennessee
State parks of the Appalachians
Civilian Conservation Corps in Tennessee
Works Progress Administration in Tennessee
Otto Ziege (14 June 1926 – 8 November 2014) was a former German racing cyclist. He won the German National Road Race in 1949.
References
External links
1926 births
2014 deaths
German male cyclists
Cyclists from Berlin
German cycling road race champions
Mong Pan Township (Möng Pan or Möng Pawn) is a township of Langkho District in the Shan State of Myanmar. The capital town is Mong Pan or Möngpan, formerly the residence of the Sawbwa.
To the south it borders Mae Hong Son Province in Thailand and lies west of the Salween River.
History
Originally, Mong Pan was one of the many smaller states that made up the Shan region of Myanmar, but later it became part of Shan State. In the center lies a fertile intermontane basin bounded by the Shan Hills which reach heights of . The surrounding mountainous area is covered with forest.
The four districts of Möng Tang, Möng Hang, Möng Kyawt and Möng Hta, located to the south on the eastern bank of the Salween belonged to the Cis-Salween Sawbwa of Möngpan. In 1888 there was trouble owing to the action of the Siamese, who attempted to take possession of them. The districts were annexed by Thailand in 1942, following the Japanese invasion of Burma and were added to the Saharat Thai Doem territory. They were returned to British Burma at the end of World War II.
Further reading
Myanmar States/Divisions & Townships Overview Map
Mongpan Township - Shan State - Mimu
References
Townships of Shan State
The Unabhängige FilmFest Osnabrück (Osnabrück Independent Film Festival) is one of the eldest and most traditional film festivals in Lower Saxony, Germany. Every year it takes place on five days in October in Osnabrück. It is hosted by the non-profit association Osnabrücker FilmForum e.V. under the direction of Birgit Mueller and Holger Tepe. Patron of the 26. FilmFest was David McAllister, Minister-President of the state of Lower Saxony.
History and main principles
Since its very beginning in 1986 the festival has felt obliged to support committed and innovative filmmaking. Societies and media are changing all the time and so does the FilmFest, taking all of those changes into account. But the core of its activities stays basically the same, as has been rephrased in their 2004 statement: "The basic idea of the FilmFest is to forward tolerance within the society and between nations.
Such tolerance can only be developed by knowing, understanding and dealing with one's own as well as "foreign" points of views and ways of life. In order to promote this process the FilmFest is continually employing the film media with its manifold possibilities in style and expression. In times of increasing globalization it aims at providing points of reference and calling on the individual to recognize the extent of his/her own responsibility and act accordingly.
In 2001 the FilmFest obtained a more sociopolitical direction and hence bears the name "Unabhängiges FilmFest Osnabrück". It cooperates with several organisations and institutions such as terre des hommes.
Main topics
Since year 2006 the FilmFest selects essential topics that serve as the thematical background for the whole festival. This allows, together with the movies, a notable examination with the specific topic and all-embracing discussions.
2006: Europäische Konflikte - Europäische Konfliktlösungen (European Conflicts - European Solutions)
2007: Grenzgänger (can be translated as "border crossers", someone crossing frontiers)
2008: The future is unwritten
2009: Glück/fortune
2010: Ideal/ideal
2011: Unterwegs/on the way
Sections
The FilmFest presents features, documentaries and short films of the following sections:
Vorsicht Frieden! (in English: Attention, Peace!)
Generation Zukunft (in English: Future Generation)
Europe Unlimited
Vistas Latinas
Special Programs
The FilmFest awards different endowed prizes:
Peace Film Award
Children's Rights Award
Short Film Award
Film Prize Ernst Weber
Film Prize for moral courage
Competitions
Competition for the Peace Film Award
In this section the FilmFest presents committed and groundbreaking feature films and documentaries that stand up for tolerance and humanity. Issues that as far as the organizers are concerned are being neglected and tend to disappear behind general statements and lip service. This is where the FilmFest comes in, inviting the audience to take part in a discussion about peace and all its implications, reaching from international conflicts to inner-social differences and domestic problems. We aim at filling the notion of peace with tangible contents and at going further than the superficial observation of current, social developments as practiced by the media, in order to inform the audience, to make them more susceptible to these issues and to make them question their own set of behavior.
During the selection process and the compilation of the program the team does not only judge by formal standards, but also puts great emphasis on the thematic compatibility of the films and their potential to enrich each other.
The films are in competition for the Osnabrück Peace Film Award that will be awarded by a jury of experts that consists of three representatives of the film industry.
Award recipients since 2002:
2002: In Or Between, Germany 2002, dir.: Wuppertaler Medienprojekt
2003: Rachida, Algeria–France 2003, dir.: Yamina Bachir Chouikh
2005: Auf der Schwelle des großen Vergessens, Netherlands 2004, dir.:Thom Verheul
2006: Rwanda, les collines parlent, Belgium 2005, dir.: Bernard Bellefroid
2007: Kurz davor ist es passiert, Austria 2006, dir.: Anja Salomonowitz
2008: shahida - Brides of Allah, Israel 2008, dir.: Natalie Assouline
2009: Welcome, France 2009, dir.: Philippe Lioret
2010: Les Arrivants, France, dir.: Claudine Bories and Patrice Chagnard
2011: Vaterlandsverräter, Germany 2011, dir.: Annkatrin Hendel
Competition for the Children's Rights Award
The programme presents four films that deal in an outstanding and committed fashion with the situation and rights of children all over the world. The subject matters of these films are the social, economical and cultural living conditions of children in the developing countries as well as in the industrialized countries which are being conveyed in an informative and gripping way. They cover the realization of the basic rights to education, health care and shelter as well as protection against exploitation and violence and the children's claim to information, freedom of speech and the representation of their interests. The subjects of the section Children's Rights Issues closely follow the UN Convention for Children's Rights that has been signed by 191 states.
In this section the Children's Rights Award is bestowed by a school children's jury consisting of five pupils from eighth grade.
Award recipients since 2001:
2001: Ali Zaoua, France–Belgium–Marokko 2000, dir.: Nabil Ayouch
2002: Runaway, Great Britain 2002, dir.: Kim Longinotto and Ziba Mir-Hosseini
2003: Child Soldiers, Australia–Great Britain 2002, dir.: Alan Lindsay
2004: Paloma de Papel, Peru 2004, dir.: Fabrizio Aquilar
2005: Schidkröten können fliegen, Iran–Iraq 2004, dir.: Bahman Ghobadi
2006: Living Rights: Roy & Toti, Netherlands 2005, dir.: Duco Tellegen
2007: Mama mir geht es gut, Germany 2007, dir.: Alexandra Westmeier
2008: Klassenkampf, Germany 2008, dir.: Uli Kick
2009: Lena, Stella, Ümmü und die Anderen, Germany 2009, dir.: Betty Schiel
2010: Ich, Tomek, Poland dir.: Robert Glinski
2011: Peqeñas Voces, Colombia, Regie: Jairo Carrillo
Competition for the Short Film Award
Short films leave a lot of freedom to the filmmakers, but at the same time compel them to articulate their ideas in a very precise manner. The FilmFest supports young talents and closely collaborates with numerous film academies.
Short films are also presented as supporting films that correspond with the feature film's subject matter or provide contrasting statements.
In this section the prize is awarded by the audience.
Award recipients since 2001:
2001: Modern Daydreams, USA 2001, dir.: Mitchell Rose
2002: Der Schwarzarbeiter, Germany 2002, dir.: Gülsel Özkan & Ludger Pfanz
2003: Tripper, Germany 2003, dir.: Kira Schimmelpfennig
2004: Meine Eltern, Germany 2004, dir.: Nele Vollmar
2005: Goodbye, Germany, 2004, Steve Hudson
2006: Vincent, Italy–Germany 2005, dir.: Giulio Ricciarelli
2007: Achterbahn, Germany 2007, dir.: Frank Wegerhoff
2008: Antje und wir, Germany 2007, dir.: Felix Stienz
2009: Der Anner im Himmel, Germany 2009, dir.:: Philipp Hartmann Flumen Film
2010: Drop Dead, Netherlands 2010, dir.: Arne Toonen
2011: Matar a un Niño, Spain 2011, Regie: César Esteban Alenda und José Esteban Alenda
Film prize Ernst Weber
The film prize Ernst Weber for solidarity and social cohesion is being lent to a film which gives thought-provoking impulses or visions for the participation of all people in the society, regardless to their national or social origin.
The prize takes Ernst Weber's commitment as an example: the engagement for a collaborative living that overcomes boundaries and centres the solidarity between people.
The film prize is endowed with €1000.
Award recipients:
2010: „La Pivellina“,Italy/Austria 2009, dir.: Rainer Frimmels and Tizza Covis
2011: Morgen, Romania 2010, dir.: Marian Crisan
Prize for moral courage
The film prize for moral courage, amounting to €1000, is being awarded by the district of Osnabrück and is being given to a short film which points out the importance of moral courage in society in a particular way. Pupils attending the secondary school or a professional school in the district of Osnabrück can apply for being a part of the jury.
Award recipients:
2010 Uwe und Uwe, dir.: Lena Liberta
2011Dip, Great Britain 2010, dir.: Lisa Gornick
Europe Unlimited
The FilmFest supports the cultural convergence of the European countries and aims at critically accompanying this process with all its political, economical and social implications. It goes beyond conventional views and deals with specific aspects of the European unification. It is concerned with every day life and problems in Eastern and Western Europe and looks for differences and common interests. It tracks down breaks, approaches faults and detects frontiers. In this area of tension filmmaking takes on the crucial part of mediator between the "old and the new Europeans". Currently in this section there is no award given.
Vistas Latinas
Since 2009 the FilmFest dedicates a part of its programme to Latin America. Against the background of noteworthy political, social and economic transformations the contemporary Latin American film presents itself aesthetically ambitious and deals with current social and cultural developments. Especially this decisive mixture explains the interest of the sociopolitically committed Osnabrücker FilmFest in the Latin American film. By now this section is non-competitive.
Special programs
Before and meanwhile the FilmFest takes place there are other events related to film organized by the FilmForum. A few examples are:
the guided tour A Wall is a Screen, where short films are shown on public buildings on a walkabout through the city
the "Heimliche Kino" ("Secret Cinema") where movies are shown in private living rooms for a small audience
concerts that play along to silent films
Venues
The FilmFest takes place every year in three specific places:
Cinema-Arthouse Osnabrück
Haus der Jugend Osnabrück
Lagerhalle Osnabrück
Due to the special programs the team organizes throughout the whole year the number of venues in Osnabrück and its surrounding area rises permanently.
References
External links
Unabhängiges Filmfest Osnabrück, official website
Lagerhalle Osnabrück, official website
Haus der Jugend Osnabrück, official website
Cinema-Arthouse Osnabrück, official website
Film festivals in Germany
Tourist attractions in Osnabrück
Annual events in Germany
1986 establishments in Germany
Recurring events established in 1986
Culture of Lower Saxony
Akhtar ul Iman (12 November 1915 9 March 1996) was a noted Urdu poet and screenwriter in Hindi cinema, who had a major influence on modern Urdu nazm.
He won the Filmfare Award for Best Dialogue in 1963 for Dharmputra and 1966 for Waqt. He was awarded the 1962 Sahitya Akademi Award in Urdu, for his Poetry Collection, Yadein (Memories), by Sahitya Akademi, India's National Academy of Letters.
Early life and education
Born on 12 November 1915 in Qila Patthargarh, Najibabad, in the Bijnor district of Uttar Pradesh in 1915. He was brought up in an orphanage. He gained his initial education at Bijnor, where he came in contact with poet and scholar Khurshid ul Islam, who taught at Aligarh Muslim University and developed a long association with Ralph Russell. He graduated from the Zakir Husain College at University of Delhi and completed his Masters in Urdu degree from Aligarh Muslim University.
Career
He first joined All India Radio as a staff artist. Then Iman joined the Filmistan Studio as a dialogue writer in 1945.
He preferred nazm over more popular ghazal as a mean of poetic expression. Akhtar ul Iman's language is "coarse and unpoetic". He uses "coarse" and mundane poetic expressions to make his message effective and realistic.
He left behind a substantial legacy for new generation of poets to follow which explores new trends and themes in modern Urdu poetry giving a new direction to the modern and contemporary Urdu nazm with emphasis on philosophical humanism.
Works
Books
• Iss Aabad Kharabe Mein (Urdu)-published by Urdu Academy, Delhi, India. Autobiography of a famous Urdu writer of India.
Poetry
He has published eight collections:
Girdaab (1943)
Aabjoo (1944-1945)
Tareek Sayyara (1946–47)
Yaden (1961)
Bint-e-Lamhaat (1969)
Naya Ahang (1977)
Sar-o-Samaan (1982)
Zameen Zameen (1983-1990)
Kulliyaat-e-Akhter-ul-Iman (2000)
Play
Sabrang (1948): a one-verse play.
Translation and compilation by others
Zamistan Sard Mehrika (Urdu)- Last Poetic Collection of an unforgettable Urdu poet. Compiled and edited by Sultana Iman and Bedar Bakht.
Query of the Road – Selected Poems of Akhtar-ul-Iman with Extensive Commentary by Baidar Bakht
Indian cinema
His contribution to Hindi cinema is significant, keeping in mind the number of landmark and hit movies he has contributed as a scriptwriter (dialogue, story and screenplay). His first landmark movie was Kanoon (1960 film), which became a big hit despite the fact that it had no songs or comedy sequences. Other important movies to which he contributed as a scriptwriter were Dharmputra (1961) – for which he received a filmfare award – Gumrah, Waqt, Patther ke Sanam, and Daagh.
The one movie which has his lyrics is Bikhare Moti.
Awards
Literary awards
1962: Sahitya Akademi Award – Urdu: Yadein (Poetry)
and Numerous other literary awards.
Filmfare Award
1963: Best Dialogue: Dharmputra
1966: Best Dialogue: Waqt
Filmography
Vijay (1988) – writer
Chor Police (1983) – writer
Lahu Pukarega (1980) – director
Do Musafir (1978) – writer
Chandi Sona (1977) – writer
Zameer (1975) – writer
36 Ghante (1974) – writer
Roti (1974) – writer
Naya Nasha (1973) – writer
Bada Kabutar (1973) – writer
Daag (1973) – writer
Dhund (1973) – writer
Joshila (1973) – writer
Kunwara Badan (1973) – writer
Dastaan (1972) – writer
Joroo Ka Ghulam (1972) – writer
Aadmi Aur Insaan (1969) – writer
Chirag (1969) – writer
Ittefaq (1969) – writer
Aadmi (1968) – writer
Hamraaz (1967) – writer
Patthar Ke Sanam (1967) – writer
Gaban (1966) – writer
Mera Saaya (1966) – writer
Phool Aur Patthar (1966) – writer
Bhoot Bungla (1965) – writer
Waqt (1965) – writer
Shabnam (1964) – writer
Yaadein (1964) – writer
Aaj Aur Kal (1963) – writer
Akeli Mat Jaiyo (1963) – writer
Gumrah (1963) – writer
Neeli Aankhen (1962) – writer
Dharmputra (1961) – writer
Flat No. 9 (1961) – writer
Barood (1960) – writer
Kalpana (1960) – writer
Kanoon (1960) – writer
Nirdosh (1950) – writer
Actress (1948) – writer
Jharna (1948) – writer
Death
Akhtar ul Iman died on 9 March 1996 in Mumbai.
Further reading
Akhtar Ul Iman by Ghulam Rizvi 'gardish'. Sahitya Akademi Publications. .
References
Cited sources
External links
Verses of Akhtarul Iman
http://www.columbia.edu/itc/mealac/pritchett/00urduhindilinks/baidarbakht/mod06akhtar.pdf
Nazm of Akhtarul Iman
https://books.google.com/books?id=ObFCT5_taSgC&pg=PA120&lpg=PA120&dq=akhtar+ul+iman&source=web&ots=mUzV1uyQv9&sig=VdLt-QEZp2L_f35rOkLumnvFXVs#PPA120,M1
Modern Indian Literature, an Anthology By K. M. George, Sahitya Akademi
https://web.archive.org/web/20110717173430/http://www.urduzoom.com/categories.php?catid=31
1915 births
1996 deaths
Urdu-language poets from India
Indian Muslims
People from Bijnor district
Delhi University alumni
Indian male screenwriters
Filmfare Awards winners
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Urdu
20th-century Indian poets
Aligarh Muslim University alumni
Indian male poets
20th-century Indian male writers
20th-century Indian screenwriters
Hat is an album by British musician Davy Graham, released in 1969.
Reception
In his Allmusic review, critic Ritchie Unterberger wrote, "There's no such thing as a bad Graham album from the 1960s. While Hat isn't necessarily the first one you should dig into, it offers the standard pleasures that you expect from his records: excellent, feverishly imaginative acoustic guitar playing..."
Track listing
"Getting Better" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) – 2:03
"Lotus Blossom" (Sam Coslow, Arthur Johnston) – 2:29
"I'm Ready" (Willie Dixon) – 2:32
"Buhaina Chant" (Art Blakey) – 2:34
"Homeward Bound" (Paul Simon) – 2:21
"Love Is Pleasing" (Traditional) – 2:16
"Hornpipe for Harpsichord, Played Upon Guitar" (Henry Purcell) – 1:31
"Down Along the Cove" (Bob Dylan) – 2:13
"Hoochie Coochie Man" (Willie Dixon) – 3:38
"Stan's Guitar" (Stanley Albert Watson) – 2:23
"Pretty Polly" (Traditional) – 3:26
"Bulgarian Dance" (Traditional) – 3:21
"I Am a Rock" (Paul Simon) – 2:20
"Oliver" (Oliver Hunt) – 1:37
Personnel
Davy Graham – vocals, guitar
Danny Thompson – bass
Technical
Terry Johnson - engineer
References
1969 albums
Davey Graham albums
Decca Records albums
Evagoras Pallikarides (; 26 February 1938 – 14 March 1957) was a Greek-Cypriot poet and revolutionary who was a member of EOKA during the 1955–1959 campaign against British rule in Cyprus. He was arrested on 18 December 1956 when he was caught carrying weaponry (a Bren machine gun and crates of ammunition) on a donkey, to which he confessed in his trial. He was sentenced to death by hanging for firearms possession on 27 February 1957 and was the youngest insurgent to be executed in Cyprus. His death generated widespread controversy due to his young age and the circumstances of his arrest.
Propaganda leaflets published and distributed after the hanging included a fabricated description of how he had murdered a traitor. The lawfulness of his execution has been subsequently questioned in light of the fact that the weapon he held at the time was not functional. In the A. W. B. Simpson book Human Rights and the End of Empire, Simpson claims that the real reason for Pallikarides' execution was that the authorities believed (but were unable to prove) that he had earlier murdered an elderly individual who was a suspected collaborator with the British authorities.
Biography
Early Years
Evagoras Pallikarides was born in the village of Chada in Paphos. He was the fourth and youngest child of the Pallikarides family of farmers.
Participation in the Elizabeth II Coronation revolts
In March and April 1953, during the preparations for Elizabeth II's coronation (due in June), Union Jack flags were raised in the city of Paphos. The locals were enraged and multiple protests were organized. These were mostly peaceful in nature until in an April 1st protest in the school of Jacob 15-year old Evagoras climbed on the mast and took down the flag, tearing it along with his classmates. This kickstarted liberation riots along the entirety of Paphos, which were however ignored by the police by orders of the Governor who wished to avoid bloodshed in honor of the queen's coronation. Evagoras was arrested but subsequently released. During the period of celebration in June, no public celebrations took place in Paphos.
Participation in EOKA and second arrest
In the age of 17, Evagoras joined the EOKA as a junior member. In November 17th 1955, he participated in a student riot intended as a distraction for an EOKA attack, which ultimately never took place. Evagoras was arrested and accused of organizing civil unrest, which he denied. The trial was postponed for December.
Third arrest and trial
In December 18th, Evagoras and two adult members of the EOKA were transporting weapons (a Bren submachine gun and two caches of ammunition) for an impending attack, when they encountered a British patrol. The adults managed to escape but Evagoras was arrested. During the investigation it was revealed that he had troubled authorities twice in the past, and he was formally accused of participating in EOKA and smuggling illegal ammunition. During his trial, in February 25th, he confessed to his crimes stating "I know you will sentence me to death, but whatever I did, I did as a Cypriot who wants his liberty."
Involvement of the Greek Government
The next day of the trial, the students of the Paphos High school abstained from their classes and asked Governor John Harding to pardon Evagoras. News reached the Greek government that immediately took diplomatic action to rescue Evagoras. Representatives of the Greek Parliament telegraphed the House of Lords and the United Nations, while citizen and Cyprus church committees requested the intervention of the Queen. Of note, US senator Fulton was also involved in these attempts. The Crown, however, refused to offer amnesty to Evagoras and Harding refused to pardon him.
Execution and burial
Evagoras was executed by hanging in March 14th, 1957. British authorities buried him in the "Imprisoned Marbles" graveyard in the prison of Nicosia so as to prevent his funeral from generating civil unrest.
Legacy
Evagoras remains the youngest EOKA insurgent to be executed by the British government. He is also the last insurgent to be executed in Cyprus. His execution during the Cyprus Emergency, just before the libération from British rule, remains a "dark spot in the history of Cyprus" and negatively affects Cyprus' relationship with the Crown, which many see as a force that could have averted the tragedies but refused to intervene. In Queen Elizabeth II's first and only visit in Cyprus in 1997 protesters waved National flags decorated with mourning black ribbons in remembrance of the executed guerrillas, while relatives of the executed built a mock gallows in the main city square and distributed leaflets with the queen's picture saying "wanted for killing of freedom fighters".
Cyprus Football Club Evagoras, established after Cyprus gained its independence in 1960, was named after him. It was later merged with another club to become AEP Paphos.
References
1957 deaths
Cypriot people of the EOKA
executed Cypriot people
executed revolutionaries
Greek revolutionaries
people executed by British Cyprus by hanging
people executed by the British military by hanging
people from Paphos District
people killed in the Cyprus Emergency
The 2021–22 Canisius Golden Griffins men's basketball team represented Canisius College in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Golden Griffins, led by sixth-year head coach Reggie Witherspoon, played their home games at the Koessler Athletic Center in Buffalo, New York as members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference.
Previous season
The Golden Griffins finished the 2020–21 season 7–6, 7–5 in MAAC play to finish in a tie for fifth place. As the No. 6 seed in the MAAC Tournament, they were upset in the first round by No. 11 seed Rider.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=""| MAAC Tournament
Sources
References
Canisius Golden Griffins men's basketball seasons
Canisius Golden Griffins
Canisius Golden Griffins men's basketball
Canisius Golden Griffins men's basketball
John MacRae Washington (died 1853) was a United States artillery officer who became military governor of New Mexico shortly after the end of the Mexican–American War of 1846–1848.
Early career
John M. Washington was born in Virginia, and was a remote relative of President George Washington. He graduated from West Point in 1817, and fought in Florida against the Seminole and Creek people. He served with distinction in the Mexican–American War of 1846–1848 under Brigadier General John E. Wool, being promoted to Major and brevet Lieutenant Colonel following the Battle of Buena Vista. He reached Santa Fe on 10 October 1848 with four dragoon companies. The next day he assumed office as governor, combining the civil and military roles.
Governor of New Mexico
Washington's main priority was to settle a war against the Navajo people. He assembled a strong force of soldiers and volunteers that moved west into Navajo country, where they were met by Navajo envoys saying they were willing to discuss peace,
and then met the main Navajo forces. A scuffle broke out when a militiaman spotted a horse that he claimed had been stolen from him. The Navajos fled, and Washington's troops killed six of the fleeing men. One was the old warrior Narbona, now in favor of peace, who was scalped by a U.S. militiaman. The expedition moved on through a pass that one of them named "Washington Pass".
In 1992, in response to a proposal by the Navajo people, the pass was renamed Narbona Pass.
There were no positive results from the expedition. On returning to Santa Fe Washington became involved in a scandal, probably unjustified, over a child he allegedly fathered on an orphan girl.
In April 1849 Father Ramón Ortiz y Miera arrived in New Mexico from Chihuahua as commissioner in charge of assisting Mexicans who wished to resettle in Chihuahua. He was welcomed by Governor Washington and Secretary Donaciano Vigil, who both thought he was unlikely to succeed and even offered to supply transport to Mexicans seeking repatriation. Their mood changed quickly when the people of San Miguel del Vado alone submitted 900 requests for repatriation assistance. Vigil said that Ortíz could not conduct recruitment in person since his presence would disturb the peace. Ortiz then appointed agents to recruit New Mexico families, and they met with considerable success. In response Vigil cracked down further on recruitment. The United States' position was that the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo had not covered repatriation, and Ortíz's activity was therefore illegal.
Later career
By order of 26 May 1849, Brevet Colonel John Munroe was ordered to Santa Fe to relieve Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Washington. On 23 October 1849 Munroe took office as military governor of New Mexico. Washington was transferred to a position in Fort Constitution in New Hampshire. From there, in 1853 he was assigned to lead a body of troops from the 3rd Artillery Regiment in California, but at the start of the journey the steamer San Francisco ran into a storm. Washington and 181 soldiers were drowned.
References
Citations
Sources
Service Profile
Year of birth missing
1853 deaths
Governors of New Mexico Territory
American military personnel of the Indian Wars
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
United States Military Academy alumni
People from Virginia
Hassan Boustouni was an Arab Israeli footballer with Maccabi Haifa F.C. Beginning his career in 1963, Boustouni was the first Arab footballer in the league's history. He was also the nephew of Rostam Bastuni, the first Arab citizen of Israel to represent a Zionist party in the Knesset.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Arab-Israeli footballers
Arab citizens of Israel
Israeli footballers
Maccabi Haifa F.C. players
Association footballers not categorized by position
Tracks is a 1970 album by Oscar Peterson.
Track listing
"Give Me the Simple Life" (Rube Bloom, Harry Ruby) – 3:59
"Basin Street Blues" (Spencer Williams) – 4:14
"Honeysuckle Rose" (Andy Razaf, Fats Waller) – 3:05
"Dancing on the Ceiling" (Lorenz Hart, Richard Rodgers) – 5:07
"A Child Is Born" (Thad Jones) – 2:35
"If I Should Lose You" (Ralph Rainger, Leo Robin) – 5:19
"A Little Jazz Exercise" (Oscar Peterson) – 2:43
"Django" (John Lewis) – 5:16
"Ja-Da" (Bob Carleton) – 4:17
"Just a Gigolo" (Julius Brammer, Irving Caesar, Leonello Casucci) – 5:27
Analysis
"Give Me the Simple Life" starts the album with a [block chord] technique.
"Basin Street Blues" is a slow stride addition to the album
"Honeysuckle Rose" utilizes an up-tempo rendition of the original song
"Dancing on the Ceiling" is the second slow-stride addition to the album,
"A Child Is Born" is a slow ballade-style setting, stating the melody, then improvising slightly on that melody.
If I Should Lose You" the improvisation is approached in a similar way to Basin Street Blues
"A Little Jazz Exercise" is the only original composition by Oscar Peterson. It is similar in structure to the "I've Got Rhythm" chord changes.
"Django" begins very close to the original version, and veers off into a Db improvisation
"Ja-Da" continues the slow stride technique started by track #1, 4, & 6
"Just a Gigolo another slow stride interpretation.
Personnel
Performance
Oscar Peterson - piano
Production
Willi Fruth - recording director
Stefan Kassel - artwork, series design
Matthias Kunnecke - producer
Gene Lees - liner notes
Richard Palmer
Willem Makkee - digital remastering
Hubertus Mall - artwork, cover illustration
References
1970 albums
Oscar Peterson albums
MPS Records albums
Telefomin Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. Mountain Ok languages are spoken in the LLG.
Wards
01. Amaromin
02. Fuiaimin
03. Bovripmin
04. Sogamin
05. Temsapmin
06. Abungkamin
07. Afogavip
08. Agamtauip
09. Anavip-Kalikman
10. Atemtkiakmin
11. Bofulmin/Tifalmin
12. Bogalmin
13. Drolengam
14. Famukin
15. Inantigin
16. Kialikman/Framen
17. Urapmin
18. Kobrenmin
19. Kobrenmin/Framin
20. Komdavip
21. Ofektaman
22. Okbilavip
23. Siliambil
24. Fumenavip
25. Wabia
26. Freda Base
See also
Telefol language
Telefol people
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Titch is a British stop-motion children's television programme that originally aired on Children's ITV from 1997 to 2001, then from 2001 to 1 January 2006 on Tiny Living, before appearing on Milkshake! in September 2004 as Tiny Living went off-air. It was created by Pat Hutchins, also the creator of the Titch book series.
Production
According to Pat Hutchins, each episode took three weeks to shoot as it was created in stop-motion animation, using clay models instead of proposed cartoons. The models were miniatures, as ITV gave the animating team a limited budget so that production or scale was minimalistic. After the first two series finished airing in 1999, a third series went into production, and premiered during 2000, before it had its final episode in mid-2001. There is no disclosed reason why the programme was cancelled, but repeats of the programme aired occasionally until around 2003. The series was then repeated on Tiny Living before moving to Milkshake! on Channel 5 between 5 September 2005 and 15 January 2006.
Music and DVD
The music for Titch was composed by British pianist & composer Michael Nyman.
The series was issued on several videos in the 1990s. DVDs were released in 2005, titled Picnic and Other Stories and Christmas.
References
External links
1990s British children's television series
2000s British children's television series
1990s British animated television series
2000s British animated television series
1997 British television series debuts
2001 British television series endings
British children's animated comedy television series
British stop-motion animated television series
British television shows based on children's books
ITV children's television shows
Animated television series about children
Television series by ITV Studios
Television series by Yorkshire Television
English-language television shows
Bradwood Landing was a proposed terminal for receiving liquefied natural gas (LNG) and converting the liquid back into a gas for transport via pipeline in the U.S. state of Oregon. The site of the development, which declared Chapter 7 bankruptcy in 2010 May, was on the Columbia River, east of Astoria.
Bradwood Landing history
The site where NorthernStar Natural Gas wanted to build the Bradwood Landing LNG terminal is upriver from Astoria. The site is zoned "marine industrial" and was once the location of Bradwood, a company town of the Bradley-Woodward Lumber Company. The mill closed in 1962 and burned in 1965. The surrounding area is now a mostly undeveloped mix of forest and wetland. NorthernStar began the process by filing a notice of intent with Oregon state regulators in April 2005. The project was approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in September 2008. State permits were not obtained. On May 4, 2010, NorthernStar Natural Gas filed for bankruptcy, pulling funding for this project.
Bradwood specifics
The development would cover of a lot. The facility would consist of two storage tanks, with a peak send-out capacity of 1.3 billion cubic feet of natural gas a day.
Benefits
When the Bradwood Landing project was initiated, it appeared that domestic sources of natural gas were dwindling. Since then, new technology for extracting shale gas in the United States has reversed those predictions as ample new sources of natural gas are being tapped within the United States. However, by having access to both domestic and foreign sources of gas, West Coast natural gas suppliers would have more freedom to play the market and could potentially keep gas prices lower. Construction of Bradwood Landing would have generated 450 construction jobs over a three-year period, plus 65 permanent jobs once the project was complete. The project could bring additional economic benefits to the area by stimulating the local economy and increasing revenue from taxes and port fees.
Drawbacks
Environmental groups, led by Columbia Riverkeeper, have been at the forefront of opposition to Bradwood Landing, but there are drawbacks to the project in a number of arenas.
Environmental issues
The construction of Bradwood Landing would require disruption of important salmon habitat, and is in an area where the Chinook salmon and Coho salmon populations have been designated as threatened by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. The project calls for dredging of 700,000 cubic yards of material from the Columbia River Engines expelling hot water are another issue as cold water is crucial to the salmon. Natural gas is a cleaner fuel than coal, but much of that benefit is lost when the gas in imported. LNG has as much as 30 percent higher greenhouse gas impact than domestic natural gas The State of Oregon's analysis found imported LNG to be equivalent to coal for greenhouse gas emissions. The construction of an affiliated natural gas pipeline raises additional environmental concerns.
Safety
LNG tankers and regasification plants in general have good safety records. In the unlikely event of an accident or terrorist attack, however, the results could be catastrophic.
Spilled LNG disperses into the air; however, due to its temperature (-260 °F), it hugs the Earth's surface until it warms by 100-degrees F. Until sufficiently warming to rise into the atmosphere, LNG vapor that can drift with the wind and is capable of igniting if it comes into contact with an ignition source and if the concentration of natural gas in the vapor is between five and 15 percent. (Note: Natural gas vapors have a gas-to-air flammability range of 5-15%, a 10% range, the most flammability of all common hydrocarbon fuels. Gasoline's flammability range is 1.4-7.6%, a 6.2% range. Propane's flammability range is 2.2-9.5%, a 7.3% range.) A report prepared by Sandia National Laboratories analyzing the risks of a large LNG spill over water describes a hazard zone of over a mile for an accidental spill, and of for an intentionally caused breach, as in a terrorist attack.
Policy
The State of Oregon has objected to the process by which the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved Bradwood Landing. The state's Department of Energy determined that Oregon was not in need of additional imported natural gas This raises the question of how LNG fits into Oregon's energy future, with some opponents concerned that the gas would end up being sent to California or that ultimately the terminal could be used to export gas from the United States.
The Palomar Pipeline
A joint venture of TransCanada and NW Natural, the Palomar Gas Transmission pipeline would be long. A map of the proposed route of the pipeline shows its northern terminus at the Bradwood Landing interconnect. The route travels south through Clatsop, Washington and Yamhill counties, then veers east near McMinnville to pass through Marion, Clackamas and Wasco counties to join an existing pipeline near Shaniko, Oregon.
The route includes a large amount of rural private property as well as land in the Mount Hood National Forest. In July 2010, Palomar's sponsors slowed down the application process to review their options in light of Bradwood's bankruptcy.
References
Clatsop County, Oregon
Columbia River
Energy infrastructure in Oregon
Environment of Oregon
Liquefied natural gas
The 1967–68 Yugoslav Second League season was the 22nd season of the Second Federal League (), the second level association football competition of SFR Yugoslavia, since its establishment in 1946. The league was contested in two regional groups (West Division and East Division), with 18 clubs each. There were no teams relegated at the end of the season, as the league changed its format and from following season was divided in four groups with 16 clubs each.
West Division
Teams
A total of eighteen teams contested the league, including fourteen sides from the 1966–67 season, one club relegated from the 1966–67 Yugoslav First League and three sides promoted from the third tier leagues played in the 1966–67 season. The league was contested in a double round robin format, with each club playing every other club twice, for a total of 34 rounds. Two points were awarded for wins and one point for draws.
Čelik were relegated from the 1966–67 Yugoslav First League after finishing in the 16th place of the league table. The three clubs promoted to the second level were Belišće, Rudar Ljubija and RNK Split.
League table
East Division
Teams
A total of eighteen teams contested the league, including fourteen sides from the 1966–67 season, one club relegated from the 1966–67 Yugoslav First League and three sides promoted from the third tier leagues played in the 1966–67 season. The league was contested in a double round robin format, with each club playing every other club twice, for a total of 34 rounds. Two points were awarded for wins and one point for draws.
Sutjeska were relegated from the 1966–67 Yugoslav First League after finishing in the 15th place of the league table. The three clubs promoted to the second level were Bregalnica Štip, Sloga Kraljevo and Srem.
League table
See also
1967–68 Yugoslav First League
1967–68 Yugoslav Cup
Yugoslav Second League seasons
Yugo
2
Cyprián Karásek Lvovický (of Lvovice) (Czech: Cyprián Karásek Lvovický ze Lvovic, German: Cyprian von Leowitz, Latin: Cyprianus Leovitius) (8 July 1514? in Hradec Králové – 1574 in Lauingen) was a Bohemian astronomer, mathematician and astrologer.
Most of the information about Lvovický's life comes from his memoirs. Cyprian Karásek was born in 1514 (some sources claim 1524) into the family of a long-time town councillor and later mayor of Hradec Králové named Jan Karásek (Lvovický after ennoblement). He received his elementary education in the Hradec Králové town school and then moved on to study abroad. In 1540 Lvovický studied in Wrocław (Breslau), in 1542 in Leipzig and later astronomy and mathematics in Wittenberg. In 1547 he moved to Nuremberg, then to Augsburg, to the court of Fuggers. After 1556 Otto Henry, Count Palatine of Palatinate-Neuburg (later Elector Palatine), named Lvovický professor of astronomy and mathematics at the Latin "particular school" in Lauingen. Lvovický later became the director of that school, working there until 1566. From 1565 through 1568 he visited Bohemia several times and planned to return to Hradec Králové, but he died before that plan was realized.
Lvovický published several astronomical works in Latin. Being both an astronomer and an astrologer, he tried to base astrology on solid mathematical and astronomical ground.
His first published work was "Tabulae eclipsum", predicting (within a few minutes) the start and the duration of lunar eclipses until 1605, including towns where it would be observable. These tables were based on the work of Erasmus Reinhold.
In 1564, by order of Maximilian II, he published detailed ephemeris tables for the sun, moon and other celestial bodies covering the years 1564 - 1574 in 10-day intervals and titled "De coniunctionibus magnis insignoribus superiorum planetarum, solis defectibus, et de cometis effectum historica expositione". In this book, recorded astronomical phenomena were linked with historical events (e.g. death of John of Luxembourg with a comet appearing in 1347).
The work "Tabulae Peuerbachii Alphonsiane" from 1556 earned the respect of Tycho Brahe; they met in 1569 and corresponded thereafter.
Cyprián Karásek Lvovický was married with Diana Clelius (died 24 November 1581, aged 47), daughter to a late consul of Lauingen and widow of Heinrich Elephantius, a former councilor to Elector Otto-Henry. After his death, she would get married for a third time, with the founder of Lauingen Gymnasium Illustre, humanist and statesman Peter Agricola, in 1575 at Lauingen.
Literature
František Jáchym: Cyprián Lvovický ze Lvovic - matematik, astronom, astrolog, Matematika-fyzika-informatika, 14 2004/2005 (in Czech). Other publications by Jáchym may cover Lvovický as well.
Lvovický's life in Lauingen, Hradec Králové astronomical journal Povětroň, 2004, No 1, p. 16. (in Czech)
References
1510s births
1574 deaths
Czech astronomers
Czech mathematicians
Scientists from Hradec Králové
Antler Mine, also known as Vendetta Mine, is a former copper and zinc drift mine in the Hualapai Mountains of Cedar Valley District, Mohave County, Arizona. It is notable as the location where antlerite was first discovered, and was the source for the mineral's name.
The deposit was discovered in 1879, and the claim patented in 1894. The Antler Mine itself opened in 1916 and was sporadically exploited until 1970, with the most productive period lasting from 1943 to 1954. During its active period, the mine produced 78,251 tons of Cu-Zn sulfide ore, from an estimated deposit size of 350,000 to 400,000 tons of volcanogenic 1–4% Cu / 1–2% zinc ore, along with small amounts of lead sulfide, silver, and gold.
The mine itself comprises drifts on eight levels with a cumulative length of 6,600 ft, with a single deeply-inclined 650 ft shaft, arranged to exploit a roughly 2,000 ft tabular copper and zinc sulfide deposit running from 20º North to 30º East, into the Wabayuma Peak Wilderness Study Area. The area around Antler Mine includes several other notable mineral deposits, including those exploited by the Copper World Mine and the Boriana Canyon and Bull Canyon, Arizona deposits.
While the land is managed by the Bureau of Land Management, the mineral rights for Antler mine were purchased by Standard Metals Incorporated in 1987. The mine has remained defunct, in part because of an assessment by Standard Metals that declared the mine inaccessible due to both toxic levels of hydrogen sulphide gas, and the hoist having been rendered inoperable since the mine's closure.
References
Buildings and structures in Mohave County, Arizona
Copper mines in Arizona
Former mines in the United States
Potok Wielki () is a village in Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Potok Wielki. It lies approximately north-west of Janów Lubelski and south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 502.
References
Potok Wielki
Opisthotropis shenzhenensis, the Shenzhen mountain stream snake, is a species of natricine snake found in China.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 2017
Reptiles of China
Leslie Maurin Thompkins (sometimes spelled Tompkins) is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by DC Comics, usually as a supporting character in stories featuring Batman, of whom she is an ally. Created by writer Dennis O'Neil and artist Dick Giordano, she first appeared in Detective Comics #457 (March 1976).
She debuted in-live action in 2015 on Fox's television series Gotham, where she was portrayed by Morena Baccarin. On the HBO Max series Titans, she was portrayed by Krista Bridges.
Publication history
Created by writer Dennis O'Neil and artist Dick Giordano, she first appeared in Detective Comics #457 (March 1976). She was based on the Catholic pacifist Dorothy Day.
A close friend and medical colleague of Thomas Wayne, Leslie serves as a surrogate parent to his son Bruce after his parents are murdered, and later becomes a confidant in his crusade as Batman. In addition to being one of Batman's allies, Leslie is also a renowned medical professional who has dedicated her considerable skills toward helping Gotham City's less fortunate.
Fictional character biography
Leslie Thompkins made her first appearance in Detective Comics #457, in which she is depicted as comforting the young Bruce Wayne on the night that his parents were murdered. Inspired, she dedicates her life to helping slum kids avoid a life of crime. Every year on the anniversary of his parents' murder, Batman visits Leslie in Park Row (which was now referred to as Crime Alley). However, Leslie has no idea he is the boy she had helped decades before.
In later years, Leslie is portrayed as having been a close friend and colleague of Thomas Wayne, Bruce's father. She takes it upon herself to look after Bruce after the boy's parents are murdered, often acting with the family butler Alfred Pennyworth as a parental figure and guardian. In Batman Special #1 (1984), after costumed cop-killer Wrath dies in combat with Batman, Leslie comforts Wrath's grieving girlfriend much as she had young Bruce. She also eventually learns that Bruce is Batman.
Wrath's girlfriend, former Mafioso Gayle Hudson, becomes a close friend to Leslie. At one point this protects Leslie from two attackers, who fear what retribution Gayle might bring.
Leslie disapproves of Bruce's vigilantism, and feels partly responsible for his transformation into Batman, fearing that somehow she failed him as a role model. She has also been linked to Alfred romantically on more than one occasion.
She runs a clinic for criminals and drug addicts in Gotham City. While the majority of her patients are repeat offenders, she continues to do her job with great perseverance and determination. During the No Man's Land storyline, she runs Gotham's only medical clinic, operating under a strict 'No Violence' policy regardless of her patients' actions and intent. Even Killer Croc respects the rule and stays out.
Sometime after No Man's Land, it is revealed she has a brother named Jeremiah. She asks Jean Paul Valley to find him.
Stephanie Brown suffers serious injuries at the hands of Black Mask during the War Games crossover, and is taken to Leslie's clinic for treatment. Initially thinking Stephanie died of her injuries, Batman later discovers, during the War Crimes storyline, that Leslie deliberately treated her improperly, resulting in her death while hoping that it would teach Batman the lesson that his constant use of children as partners was only putting their lives in danger.
After liquidating her assets and giving them to Stephanie's daughter, she flees to Africa. Batman follows her and forces a confession, coldly informing her that he may not stop violence, but he had never thrown another body onto the pile in the hopes of making a statement. He warns her that she is now just another murderer in his eyes, and if she ever returned to the United States or practiced medicine again, he would bring her to justice.
A mysterious familiar figure has been stalking Tim Drake wearing Stephanie's Spoiler costume, which at one point Tim thinks he imagined it to be Stephanie herself. The stalker indeed turns out to be Stephanie. It was revealed that Leslie faked the girl's death and switched the body with an overdose victim who had a similar body type.
A 2008 Robin/Spoiler one-shot special shows both Leslie and Stephanie alive and in exile, protecting a village somewhere in Africa.
After the events of Batman: Battle for the Cowl Leslie Thompkins has once again set up shop in Gotham, attempting to start over and continue to help unfortunates. She gained the Cavalier as her bodyguard and has, along with Barbara Gordon, begun helping a former associate of the Teen Titans named Wendy Harris deal with the loss of the use of her legs. Leslie has been welcomed back warmly by Alfred and Dick Grayson. Tim Drake, however, maintains a frosty attitude towards her due to her actions regarding Stephanie.
The New 52
In 2011, The New 52 rebooted the DC universe. Leslie Thompkins appears, younger than she is usually depicted, in the pages of Red Hood and the Outlaws. She is featured in Jason Todd's flashbacks as the Red Hood: she took him in at her clinic in Gotham City after he was beaten within an inch of his life by Joker.
At the offices of Gotham Child Services, Killer Croc makes a violent entrance, startling Leslie and demanding that Jade be returned to him so that he can give her the things he never had. Leslie admits that Jade has been returned to the Ibanescu family.
DC Rebirth
In 2016, DC Comics implemented another relaunch of its books called DC Rebirth, which restored its continuity to a form much as it was prior to The New 52. Leslie has a secret clinic set up in an abandoned building previously used as a base by Azrael (Jean-Paul Valley), where she is treating his injuries from a bombing earlier in the story. She is shown to disapprove of Batman's plan to "get teenagers involved" meaning the team Batman and Batwoman had assembled in the recent Detective Comics.
She was attacked and apparently killed after being infected with a variation of Joker Toxin. It is revealed that the whole event was only a simulation.
Alternate versions
During the 2015 "Convergence" storyline, the Pre-Crisis version of Leslie Thompkins is established to have spent a year inside a struggling Gotham City under a strange dome. She is devoting her time as a therapist. One of her patients is Guy Gardner; Leslie tries to help Guy understand that his devotion to the city's children is just as heroic as his past exploits as Green Lantern.
In other media
Television
Animation
Dr. Leslie Thompkins appears in several episodes of Batman: The Animated Series, voiced by Diana Muldaur. She is depicted as a lifelong friend of Bruce Wayne, having attended medical school with his father, Thomas. She knows Batman's secret identity and serves as his on-site doctor, confidentially treating injuries that Bruce Wayne could not be publicly known to have without raising suspicion. When the series was retooled as The New Batman Adventures, Leslie was absent except for a cameo appearance in the episode "Chemistry".
Live action
Leslie "Lee" Thompkins appears in the live-action series Gotham, played by Morena Baccarin. This version of the character is a physician who has an on-off relationship with Jim Gordon and had no connections with Thomas Wayne. She later briefly serves as the leader of the Narrows alongside Edward Nygma. By the end of the series, she is married to Gordon and helping him raise his daughter, Barbara Lee Gordon.
Leslie appears in the Titans episode "Lazarus" portrayed by Krista Bridges. While her connections with Bruce remain intact, this version is a therapist and former colleague of Jonathan Crane. Bruce assigned Jason Todd to therapy with her in order for him to be cleared on being Robin again. After two sessions where Jason figured out that Bruce is going to replace him, Jason briefly called up Leslie calling her a liar before visiting Jonathan Crane.
Film
Leslie Thompkins appears as Sister Leslie in the animated film Batman: Gotham by Gaslight voiced by Grey Griffin.
Short story collection
In Marco Palmieri's short story "Best of All", featured in the non-canonical anthology The Further Adventures of The Joker, the Joker tells Batman that Leslie is his mother. He says that she committed him to a mental institution as a child after he murdered his father, who was abusing her. The story is ambiguous as to whether the Joker is telling the truth, with Leslie attributing the story to her habit of referring to various orphans she cared for in the past as her 'children'.
References
Batman characters
Characters created by Dennis O'Neil
Comics characters introduced in 1976
DC Comics television characters
DC Comics female characters
Fictional physicians
Fictional medical examiners
Gotham City Police Department officers
Xu Guiyuan (; born January 29, 1996) is a Chinese baseball first baseman and outfielder for the Kōchi Fighting Dogs of the Shikoku Island League Plus.
Career
Xu signed with the Baltimore Orioles as a free agent in July 2015 from the MLB Development Center in Wuxi, Jiangsu, China, making him the first player from one of MLB's three development centers in China to sign with a major league team.
In 2016, Xu made his professional debut with the GCL Orioles where he slashed .247/.271/.284 in 33 games and returned there in 2017, batting .179 with seven RBIs in 15 games.
In 2018, Xu was promoted to the low-A Aberdeen IronBirds. After the 2018 season, he signed with the Auckland Tuatara of the Australian Baseball League for the 2018/19 season.
On March 25, 2019, Xu was released by the Orioles organization. On May 27, 2019, Xu signed with the Kōchi Fighting Dogs of the Shikoku Island League Plus.
International
Xu played in the 2017 World Baseball Classic with China.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Aberdeen IronBirds players
Auckland Tuatara players
Expatriate baseball players in New Zealand
Baseball first basemen
Baseball outfielders
Chinese expatriate baseball players in Japan
Chinese expatriate baseball players in the United States
Gulf Coast Orioles players
People from Jieyang
2017 World Baseball Classic players
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in New Zealand
A fly ball pitcher is a type of baseball pitcher who produces an above-average number of fly balls, typically by keeping his fastball high up in the strike zone and relying on late movement to cause the batter to be unable to make solid contact. This designation is constructed around the ground ball fly ball ratio, which measures how frequently a pitcher gets batters out on fly balls versus ground balls.
The downside of a fly ball pitcher is that, in a ballpark where the design tends to favor hitters over pitchers (an example being Yankee Stadium), a fly ball pitcher will tend to give up more home runs, resulting in a higher earned run average.
Examples include pitchers Sid Fernandez, Ted Lilly, Chris Young and Marco Estrada.
Notes
Baseball pitching
Baseball terminology
Baseball strategy
ja:ゴロ/フライ比率#フライボールピッチャー
The Aeronca L-16 was a United States Army liaison aircraft built by Aeronca. It saw extensive service during the Korean War. It was essentially a militarized version of the Aeronca Champion. From 1955 large numbers were transferred to the Civil Air Patrol.
Derived from the Aeronca Champion (Aeronca Model 7 series), the L-16 primarily replaced the similar Piper L-4 (a modified Piper Cub) in U.S. military service. The L-16 afforded generally better performance, stability, visibility and comfort, while its safety characteristics were a mix of better and worse than the L-4.
Variants
L-16A (7BCM Champion)
509 built, 376 of them produced for the Air National Guard, used in Korea 1950, 85 hp (63 kW) Continental O-190-1 (C85) engine.
L-16B (7CCM Champion)
Military version of the Model 7AC used as training aircraft for United States Army, 90 hp (67 kW) Continental O-205-1 (C90) engine. 100 were built.
Operators
National Guard of the United States
United States Army
Civil Air Patrol
National Safety Forces
Specifications (L-16B)
See also
References
Bibliography
Eden, Paul and Moeng, Soph, eds. The Complete Encyclopedia of World Aircraft. London: Amber Books Ltd., 2002. .
1940s United States military utility aircraft
Aeronca aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1944
Downwind is the third album by Pierre Moerlen's Gong, although it was the first to be released under that name, the previous two having been released as Gong albums for contractual reasons. It was released in February 1979.
Featuring a mostly instrumental jazz-driven sound, notable for the prominent use of vibraphone, it has little to do with the psychedelic space rock of Daevid Allen's Gong, even though the two bands share a common history.
Downwind marks a slight departure from the formula of the previous de facto Pierre Moerlen's Gong's albums, Gazeuse! and Expresso II. "Aeroplane" and "What You Know" are short-form pop songs with vocals, the only time that Moerlen would attempt this. The lengthy title track displays an emerging progressive rock influence and features lead guitar by Mike Oldfield (for whom Moerlen was also playing at the time), keyboards by Steve Winwood and saxophone by ex-Gong member Didier Malherbe. For the first time, keyboards augment or replace mallet percussion on some tracks.
Track listing
Personnel
Pierre Moerlen's Gong
Pierre Moerlen – drums, vibraphone, marimba, concert toms, timpani, organ, synthesizer, electric piano, assorted percussion, lead vocals
Benoît Moerlen – vibraphone
Hansford Rowe – bass
François Causse – percussion
Ross Record – guitar, vocals
Former Pierre Moerlen's Gong
Didier Malherbe – saxophone (3)
Additional personnel
Didier Lockwood – violin (2,6,7)
Mike Oldfield – guitar, solina strings, bass, Irish drum (3)
Steve Winwood – synthesizer (3)
Terry Oldfield – flute (3)
Mick Taylor – guitar (5)
References
Macan, E. L., Macan, E. (1997). Rocking the Classics: English Progressive Rock and the Counterculture. Germany: Oxford University Press. p. 243
1979 albums
Gong (band) albums
Pierre Moerlen's Gong albums
Arista Records albums
In computer science, partial sorting is a relaxed variant of the sorting problem. Total sorting is the problem of returning a list of items such that its elements all appear in order, while partial sorting is returning a list of the k smallest (or k largest) elements in order. The other elements (above the k the smallest ones) may also be sorted, as in an in-place partial sort, or may be discarded, which is common in streaming partial sorts. A common practical example of partial sorting is computing the "Top 100" of some list.
In terms of indices, in a partially sorted list, for every index i from 1 to k, the i-th element is in the same place as it would be in the fully sorted list: element i of the partially sorted list contains order statistic i of the input list.
Offline problems
Heap-based solution
Heaps admit a simple single-pass partial sort when is fixed: insert the first elements of the input into a max-heap. Then make one pass over the remaining elements, add each to the heap in turn, and remove the largest element. Each insertion operation takes time, resulting in time overall; this algorithm is practical for small values of and in online settings. Another option is to build a min-heap for all the values (the build takes ) and take out the head of the heap K times, each remove operation takes . In that case the algorithm takes .
Solution by partitioning selection
A further relaxation requiring only a list of the smallest elements, but without requiring that these be ordered, makes the problem equivalent to partition-based selection; the original partial sorting problem can be solved by such a selection algorithm to obtain an array where the first elements are the smallest, and sorting these, at a total cost of operations. A popular choice to implement this algorithm scheme is to combine quickselect and quicksort; the result is sometimes called "quickselsort".
Specialised sorting algorithms
More efficient than the aforementioned are specialized partial sorting algorithms based on mergesort and quicksort. In the quicksort variant, there is no need to recursively sort partitions which only contain elements that would fall after the 'th place in the final sorted array (starting from the "left" boundary). Thus, if the pivot falls in position or later, we recurse only on the left partition:
function partial_quicksort(A, i, j, k) is
if i < j then
p ← pivot(A, i, j)
p ← partition(A, i, j, p)
partial_quicksort(A, i, p-1, k)
if p < k-1 then
partial_quicksort(A, p+1, j, k)
The resulting algorithm is called partial quicksort and requires an expected time of only , and is quite efficient in practice, especially if a selection sort is used as a base case when becomes small relative to . However, the worst-case time complexity is still very bad, in the case of a bad pivot selection. Pivot selection along the lines of the worst-case linear time selection algorithm could be used to get better worst-case performance.
Incremental sorting
Incremental sorting is a version of the partial sorting problem where the input is given up front but is unknown: given a -sorted array, it should be possible to extend the partially sorted part so that the array becomes -sorted.
Heaps lead to an solution to incremental partial sorting: first "heapify", in linear time, the complete input array to produce a min-heap. Then extract the minimum of the heap times.
A different incremental sort can be obtained by modifying quickselect. The version due to Paredes and Navarro maintains a stack of pivots across calls, so that incremental sorting can be accomplished by repeatedly requesting the smallest item of an array from the following algorithm:
Algorithm returns the 'th the smallest element in
If :
Pop
Return
Let
Update
Push onto
Return
The stack is initialized to contain only the length of . -sorting the array is done by calling for ; this sequence of calls has average-case complexity , which is asymptotically equivalent to . The worst-case time is quadratic, but this can be fixed by replacing the random pivot selection by the median of medians algorithm.
Language/library support
The C++ standard specifies a library function called std::partial_sort.
The Python standard library includes functions nlargest and nsmallest in its heapq module.
The Julia standard library includes a PartialQuickSort implementation.
See also
Selection algorithm
References
External links
J.M. Chambers (1971). Partial sorting. CACM 14(5):357–358.
Sorting algorithms
Online sorts
Articles with example pseudocode
Order of Loyalty and Valour (Traditional Chinese: 忠勇勳章) is a military award from the Republic of China. It was created on 23 September 1944 for outstanding command in battle.
It has one rank.
Reference list
Orders, decorations, and medals of the Republic of China
Awards established in 1944
Coupling is an American sitcom television series, a remake of the British show of the same title, which aired on NBC from September 25 to October 23, 2003.
Production
By 2003, three series, or seasons, of Coupling had been broadcast on BBC Two, all written by the show's creator, Steven Moffat. The show was loosely based on the beginnings of Moffat's real-life relationship with Sue Vertue.
NBC commissioned a remake of the show for the American market, reportedly as a replacement for Friends, which was nearing the end of its run. Moffat and original producers from Hartswood Films, Sue and Beryl Vertue, served as executive producers on the NBC adaptation, alongside Phoef Sutton and Ben Silverman.
Unlike most adaptations, the NBC adaptation would reuse Moffat's original scripts, although these were adapted by Sutton and were shortened to comply with the reduced running time (NBC has multiple advertisement breaks compared to the original broadcaster, BBC Two, which has none). Other writers, such as Danny Zuker and Paul Corrigan worked on episodes later in the series.
The original unaired pilot starred Breckin Meyer as Jeff, Melissa George as Susan and Emily Rutherfurd as Sally. NBC then fired the writers and replaced Meyer, George and Rutherfurd with Christopher Moynihan, Rena Sofer and Sonya Walger, respectively. George later commented that she "dodged a bullet" by being replaced before the show aired.
Thirteen episodes were commissioned. However, due to poor critical reception, NBC announced the show's cancellation on October 31, after only four episodes had been broadcast. The final three planned episodes were not filmed, with the remaining six episodes unbroadcast.
Reception
The show received a dismal reaction from viewers and failed to perform in the ratings, being canceled before the November sweeps, with six episodes remaining unaired despite heavy publicity by the network. It was immediately panned as a poor imitation of the original UK series by viewers and critics. BBC America even ran commercials noting that they would play the original British versions on their station just after the American equivalent episodes on NBC aired, so that viewers could see instantly just how superior the original was. Miscasting and stilted delivery of a nearly identical script were believed to be the reasons for the failure, though creator Moffat blamed the show's failure on NBC's intervention during the creative and production processes. In 2007, he said: "The network f--ked it up because they intervened endlessly."
The American adaptation came at a time when NBC was having success with remakes of BBC shows, such as The Weakest Link and Dog Eat Dog. NBC would find success in 2005 with a remake of another BBC series, The Office, which aired for nine seasons.
Because of what was deemed to be indecent content, two affiliates of NBC refused to air the program; KSL-TV (Channel 5) in Salt Lake City, and WNDU-TV (Channel 16) in South Bend, Indiana. Both stations were owned by religious organizations, as KSL is owned by the Bonneville International division of the LDS Church, while WNDU was at the time owned by a subsidiary of the University of Notre Dame. In those markets, WB affiliate KUWB (channel 30) and a UPN digital subchannel of CBS affiliate WSBT-TV (channel 22.2, now affiliated with Fox), respectively, aired the series after their network's primetime lineups, while nearby affiliates KENV (in Elko, Nevada, now an affiliate of Comet) and WISE-TV (in Fort Wayne, Indiana, now a CW affiliate) aired the series in accordance with the rest of the network.
Jeff Zucker, former President and CEO of NBCUniversal, later said of Coupling that it "just sucked".
Cast
Colin Ferguson as Patrick Maitland
Jay Harrington as Steve Taylor
Christopher Moynihan as Jeff Clancy
Lindsay Price as Jane Honda
Rena Sofer as Susan Freeman
Sonya Walger as Sally Harper
Episodes
References
Bibliography
External links
2003 American television series debuts
2003 American television series endings
2000s American romantic comedy television series
2000s American sex comedy television series
2000s American sitcoms
American television series based on British television series
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television series about couples
Television series by Reveille Productions
Television series by Universal Television
Television shows set in Chicago
Latino sitcoms
Patrick Joseph Guzzo (October 14, 1914 – January 16, 1993) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers who won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.
References
External links
bio
Team profile
1914 births
1993 deaths
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Ice hockey players at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Sportspeople from Ottawa
D.505 is a , two-lane state road on the Karaburun Peninsula in western Turkey. The route runs from Karaburun at the tip of the peninsula to the intersection with the D300 near Gülbahçe. Traffic on the D505 is heavy during holidays, especially in the summer, due to the many vacation homes that are situated along the route.
References
505
Transport in İzmir Province
Phillip L. Pearl is an American child neurologist, author, and jazz pianist. He is the director of Epilepsy and Clinical Neurophysiology at Boston Children's Hospital and William G. Lennox Chair and Professor of Neurology at Harvard Medical School.
Pearl is a recognized leader in metabolic epilepsies and is renowned in his field for his expertise in succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency, a rare neurometabolic disorder of GABA degradation. Pearl would frequently be spotted playing jazz piano in the lobby of Children's National Medical Center, where he was former Division Chief of Neurology prior to coming to Boston Children's Hospital.
Books
Pearl published his first book, Inherited Metabolic Epilepsies, in 2012; a second edition was published in 2018 and translated into Chinese. His second book, Neuro-logic: A Primer on Localization, released in 2014, is used as a resource for medical school curricula in the preclinical neuroscience years, and has been translated into Japanese. He is an editor on the sixth edition of the classic textbook, Swaiman's Pediatric Neurology, as well as editor of "Epilepsy in Children and Adolescents" (Wiley Blackwell Pub 2012) and the recently released "Inherited Metabolic Movement Disorders" with Dr. Ebrahimi-Fakhari (Cambridge Univ Press 2020). His music CD, Live at Jazzmatazz, was released at Georgetown's Blues Alley and supports the care of indigent children in the nation's capital, and he has recorded lectures on music and medicine that are available on the website of the Child Neurology Society, for which he is President (2019–2021) and Past President of the Professors of Child Neurology.
Personal life
Pearl has four children and lives in the Greater Boston area with his wife, Maria, who is a pediatrician.
References
External links
1958 births
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Harvard Medical School faculty
Living people
American medical writers
American male non-fiction writers
American neurologists
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music. To appear on the list, the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies. This list can contain any types of album, including studio albums, extended plays, the greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes. The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies. The percentage amount of certified sales needed increases the newer the album is, so albums released before 1975 are only expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies. However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies, this is because more music markets instituted certification systems after the 1980s and 1990s. Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations. The certified units percentage varies according to the first year that an artist appeared in the charts. This is the reason why albums that would otherwise make the list, such as The Sound of Music, In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida, Parallel Lines, Spirits Having Flown, Private Dancer, Janet, Believe, Bolo Ta Ra Ra.., Human Clay, Laundry Service, and Back to Black, have not been included.
As a result of the methodology that the American and Canadian certification-awarding bodies (the RIAA and Music Canada respectively) use, each disc in a multi-disc set is counted as one unit toward certification, leading to many double albums on the list—such as Pink Floyd's The Wall and the Beatles' The Beatles—being certified with a number double the number of copies sold there. Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies (not discs) shipped indicated. Conversely, the American certification level for double albums that fit onto one compact disc, such as the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack reflect the actual number of copies sold. In 2016, RIAA included streaming in addition to track sales and album sales based on the concept of album-equivalent unit for certification purposes, and certification therefore no longer reflects shipment alone. For example, in the update of the certification for Their Greatest Hits (1971–1975) by the Eagles in August 2018, the album was certified 38× Platinum (increasing from the previous 29× Platinum certification in 2006) based on the new criteria, making it then the album with the highest certification in the United States.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 70 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album. Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, Celine Dion has four, while the Beatles, Pink Floyd, Madonna and Whitney Houston each have three.
Groupings are based on different sales benchmarks, the highest being for claims of at least 40 million copies, and the lowest being for claims of 20–29 million copies. Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold. If two or more artists have the same claimed sales, they are then ranked by certified units and thereafter by the artist's first name. Markets' order within the table is based on the number of compact discs sold in each market, the largest market at the top and smallest at the bottom.
Legend
40 million copies or more
*All sales figures are shown in millions
30–39 million copies
*All sales figures are shown in millions
20–29 million copies
*All sales figures are shown in millions
Timeline of the best-selling albums
Notes
Best-selling album by year worldwide
The charts of the best-selling albums by year in the world are compiled by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry annually since 2001. These charts are published in their two annual reports, the Digital Music Report and the Recording Industry in Numbers. Both the Digital Music Report and the Recording Industry in Numbers were replaced in 2016 by the Global Music Report.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
See also
Album era
List of best-selling albums by women
List of best-selling albums by country
List of best-selling music artists
List of best-selling remix albums
List of best-selling singles
Lists of albums
List of best-selling albums of the 21st century
Notes
References
Hubbard Paul Law (January 27, 1921 — March 29, 1995) was an American football guard who played six seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He played college football at Sam Houston State University for the Sam Houston State Bearkats football team.
References
1921 births
1995 deaths
Players of American football from Houston
American football guards
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Sam Houston State Bearkats football players
Kinelsky (; masculine), Kinelskaya (; feminine), or Kinelskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Kinelsky, Orenburg Oblast, a settlement in Kinelsky Selsoviet of Matveyevsky District of Orenburg Oblast
Kinelsky, Samara Oblast, a settlement in Kinelsky District of Samara Oblast
Bogusław may refer to:
Bogusław (given name)
Bogusław, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
Bogusław, Lublin Voivodeship
See also
Bogusławski (disambiguation)
Bohuslav, a city in Kyiv Oblast, Ukraine, known among Russophones as Boguslav
Centrometopia interruptella is a species of snout moth. It was described by Émile Louis Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Turkmenistan.
The wingspan is about 20 mm.
References
Moths described in 1887
Phycitinae
College Tevragh Zeina is a college in Tevragh-Zeina, Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just to the southwest of Hôtel Tfeila, near the Moroccan and Russian embassy.
References
Nouakchott
Universities in Mauritania
The Line 3 of Wuhan Metro () is a metro line in Wuhan. This line crosses five districts of Wuhan: Jiang'an District, Jianghan District, Qiaokou District, Hanyang District and Caidian District (Wuhan Economic-Technological Zone, WEDZ), and is the first line to cross the Han River. It started operation on December 28, 2015.
History
On February 23, 2012, National Development and Reform Commission approved all construction of Line 3 and construction started on March 31. All tunnels of Line 3 were finished on October 8, 2015, and all tracks were finished on October 28, 2015. It started operation on December 28, 2015.
Stations
Rolling stock
The first train of Line 3 arrived on March 25, 2015 from CRRC Changchun Railway Vehicles. A further order of 19 six car sets was made in 2019.
References
2015 establishments in China
Railway lines opened in 2015
Charles Eugene Joseph Marie Lefevre (1893-1948) was a French flying ace credited with six aerial victories during the First World War. He led two different fighter squadrons into combat to do so, and won the Legion d'honneur for his exploits.
Biography
Charles Eugene Joseph Marie Lefevre was born in Marseilles, France on 30 July 1893. He volunteered for military service on 8 October 1912. He served in the ranks of the cavalry until 11 October 1913, when he was selected as an Aspirant for officer's training. He would become an officer on 5 August 1914, and a lieutenant on 4 April 1916.
On 14 April 1916, he went to pilot training. He received his pilot's brevet on 12 July 1916. On 20 December 1916, he began serving as a Nieuport fighter pilot for Escadrille N.15. On 20 June 1917, he took command of Escadrille N.152. He scored his first aerial victory with them on 20 October 1917, downing Zeppelin L.49. However, he lost his command when he was medically evacuated on 5 November.
Upon recovery, he was given command of Escadrille Spa.96 on 17 May 1918. Shortly thereafter, on 14 July, he was promoted to Capitaine. He scored a series of five victories at about this time, including one over an observation balloon. On 29 August 1918, he was wounded in action. Upon recovery, he was appointed to the Aviation Mission to Japan on 1 October 1918.
Lefevre won the Legion d'honneur on 9 November 1917, after winning the Croix de Guerre with three palmes, an etoile de argent, and an etoile de bronze. He died on 1 March 1948.
End notes
Reference
Franks, Norman; Bailey, Frank (1993). Over the Front: The Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914–1918 London, UK: Grub Street Publishing. .
1948 deaths
1893 births
French World War I flying aces
Larycia Alaine Hawkins (born August 22, 1972) is an American scholar, author, and speaker, who in 2013, became the first female African-American tenured professor at Wheaton College, a Christian Protestant liberal arts college. There she served as an associate professor of political science. She now teaches and researches at the University of Virginia, where she is jointly appointed as Assistant Professor in the departments of Politics and Religious Studies.
In December 2015, Hawkins became the center of a controversy when she made a post on her personal Facebook account for Advent affirming solidarity between Christians and Muslims. Wheaton College suspended her as a result of the negative publicity resulting from the social media post, which pictured her wearing hijab and explaining that it was an expression of solidarity with her Muslim sisters at a time when Muslims were facing rising ethnic tensions in the U.S. Hawkins was placed on paid administrative leave on December 15 as the school determined whether her statement was at odds with the school's core beliefs. On February 8, 2016, Wheaton College and Hawkins issued a joint statement that they had "reached a confidential agreement under which they will part ways." On March 3, 2016, the Institute for Advanced Studies in Culture at the University of Virginia announced that Hawkins would be appointed as the school's Abd el-Kader Visiting Faculty Fellow.
Early life and education
Hawkins was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and was raised in Shawnee, Oklahoma. She received her B.A. in History and Sociology from Rice University in Houston, Texas in 1994. She received an M.P.A. at the University of Oklahoma in 2001. She subsequently completed her Ph.D. at the University of Oklahoma in political science in 2007. Her research is about black theology and its relationship to political rhetoric and black political agendas, like those of the Congressional Black Caucus and the NAACP.
Career
Hawkins's early career included working in federal programs administered by the state government such as the Social Security Disability program and the Community Development Block Grant.
Hawkins joined the faculty at Wheaton College in 2007, where she served as assistant professor in the Department of Politics and International Relations from 2007 to 2014. In 2014, she was tenured and promoted to associate professor in the Department of Politics and International Relations. Hawkins in the first African American female to have been tenured at Wheaton College since its founding in 1860.
On April 26, United Theological Seminary of the Twin Cities announced that Hawkins would be their 2019 commencement speaker, with the commencement address on the theme "you were made for such a time as this."
Controversy
On December 10, 2015, Hawkins wrote a Facebook post saying:
She also added: "I have sought the advice and blessing of one of the preeminent Muslim organizations in the United States, the Council on American Islamic Relations, #CAIR, where I have a friend and Board colleague on staff." Hawkins began wearing the hijab on December 11, and continued to do so throughout Advent. Commentators such as Sharmeen Farooq remarked that Larycia Hawkins' practice was consistent with the ordinance of Christian women wearing a headcovering that is enjoined in the Bible.
On December 11, the Wheaton College administration issued a "Wheaton College Statement Regarding Christian Engagement with Muslim Neighbors" emphasizing that "overtures of Christian friendship must be enacted with theological clarity as well as compassion." Hawkins made a rejoinder on December 13, in her words, "clarifying the goal of my project and appealing to unity."
On December 15, 2015, the Wheaton College administration placed Hawkins on administrative leave and issued a "Wheaton College Statement Regarding Dr. Larycia Hawkins" "pending the full review to which she is entitled as a tenured faculty member." On December 16, 2015, the Wheaton College administration supplemented the statement to clarify that the college had placed "Dr. Larycia Hawkins on paid administrative leave in order to give more time to explore theological implications of her recent public statements concerning Christianity and Islam."
On January 5, 2016, Wheaton College issued a public notice confirming that it was beginning formal proceedings to terminate Hawkins' employment, and maintaining that Hawkins had "declined to participate in further dialogue about the theological implications of her public statements and her December 17 response".
Hawkins has made repeated statements to the press asserting her affirmation of the Wheaton College Statement of Faith. She insists that her actions were motivated by Christian faith and that she is an orthodox Protestant. Emails obtained by Time magazine revealed that Wheaton provost Stan Jones considered Hawkins's statements "innocuous", but that the college had been receiving pressure about Hawkins and another faculty member who made statements about Islam. Gary Burge, a Wheaton New Testament professor, told Time, "I have seen no theological argument from the college that would deem her commitments unacceptable." Students and alumni of Wheaton College have begun a petition to reinstate "Doc Hawk", and some professors planned to wear their academic regalia on January 11 as an expression of support.
On Saturday, February 6, 2016, in an e-mail released by Wheaton College's president, Philip Ryken, it was mutually agreed that, to help bring closure to the situation, while Wheaton would not fire Professor Hawkins, they had decided to part ways, and that she would voluntarily resign. In a separate e-mail to the faculty, Wheaton College Provost Stan Jones said that he has withdrawn charges for firing Professor Hawkins and has asked her for forgiveness in not dealing with her directly.
On March 3, 2016, the Institute for Advanced Studies in Culture at the University of Virginia announced that Hawkins would be appointed as the school's Abd el-Kader Visiting Faculty Fellow, where she would participate in two of the institute's projects, the Pluralism Project and the Race, Faith and Culture Project. Hawkins was quoted as saying that the institute was "the perfect place for me to pursue my scholarship," which will focus on relationships between race and religion.
A documentary movie, Same God, was later produced on Hawkins and the incident. Same God was previewed in 2018, with a wider release in 2019.
Publications
Her publications:
Books
"Prophetic and Priestly: The Politics of a Black Catholic Parish" (2015), In Black Scholars in White Space
.
Essays
.
Articles
"A Live Wire? The Politics of Electricity Deregulation in Oklahoma." Oklahoma Policy Studies Review: Volume III, Number 1, 14–19. 2002
"The American Gaze Meets Black Bodies" Doc Hawk on Embodied Solidarity, July 7, 2016.
Editorials
"A Challenge to Obama: Jump Ship." Chicago Tribune. February 5, 2007.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20160118210722/http://www.wheaton.edu/Academics/Faculty/H/Larycia-Hawkins
1972 births
Living people
African-American social scientists
Wheaton College (Illinois) faculty
Rice University alumni
University of Oklahoma alumni
American women political scientists
American political scientists
Sociologists of religion
African-American women writers
African-American writers
American writers
African-American Christians
American sociologists
American women sociologists
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Prime Bank (Gambia) Limited, commonly known as Prime Bank (Gambia), was a private commercial bank in the Gambia. It was the 12th commercial bank to be licensed in the country. The bank was a subsidiary of the now defunct Lebanese Canadian Bank (LCB).
History
The Lebanese Canadian Bank (LCB), the parent company of Prime Bank (Gambia), operated from 1968 through 1988 as a subsidiary of the Royal Bank of Canada Middle East.
LCB was among the top ten league banks in Lebanon, known as the Alpha Group, but was shut down after the intervention of the U.S. Law enforcement and regulatory community. Prime Bank (Gambia) was LCB's first African subsidiary. LCB has been working to set up a subsidiary sn in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). In January 2013, in light of US investigations, the investors in the institution decided to close down the bank by withholding new capital injection, to meet new capital requirements by the Central Bank of The Gambia (CBG).
External links
Prime Bank (Gambia) Opened
List of licensed banks in the Gambia
Prime Bank (Gambia) Homepage
See also
List of banks in Gambia
References
Banks of the Gambia
Banks established in 2009
Serekunda
Howard & Wyndham Ltd was a theatre owning, production and management company named after John B. Howard and Frederick W. P. Wyndham, founded in Glasgow in 1895, and which became the largest of its type in Britain. The company continued well into the 20th century. Its theatres were eventually sold in the 1960s, and the shareholding came under American control.
Founding of the company
The company was founded in 1895 by Baillie Michael Simons of Glasgow to formalise and extend an 1883 partnership between Irish-born John B. Howard (1841–1895) and Edinburgh-born Frederick W. P. Wyndham (1853–1930), son of actor-manager Robert Henry Wyndham. The partnership was originally formed to run the Royal Lyceum Theatre, Edinburgh. Both Howard and Wyndham were well-known impresarios, actors and managers in Scotland and England. The new company owned the Theatre Royal, Glasgow with funding from Michael Simons, acquired the Theatre Royal, Edinburgh, and leased the Royalty Theatre, Glasgow. Howard died of a stroke only weeks after the company was formed. Howard & Wyndham presented drama, opera, pantomime, musicals and revues. From the 1930s, this included the famous Half Past Eight Shows which later became the record-breaking Five Past Eight Shows. They also tried film weeks in Glasgow and Edinburgh around 1911. They were not operators of music-halls nor presented variety, which was the forte of Moss Empires.
20th century
In 1904 the company built and opened the King's Theatre, Glasgow, and soon became Britain's largest company of quality theatres. Howard & Wyndham pantomimes graced British stages for over 90 years, possibly a record unequalled. Under Michael Simons, in 1912, the company took over the Robert Arthur group of six theatres (four in England - the Theatre Royal, Newcastle in Newcastle upon Tyne, the Royal Court in Liverpool, and the Royal Court in Nottingham - and two in Scotland), in Dundee where Her Majesty`s Theatre was Robert Arthur`s springboard for his theatre empire, and in Aberdeen.
Fred Wyndham continued to run the company productions until 1928, when he retired (though retaining his seat on the board for two more years). Howard & Wyndham Ltd bought over the King's Theatre, Edinburgh, appointing its A. Stewart Cruikshank as managing director of the group, and also making C. B. Cochran a director. Cruikshank instituted a resident company for a time at the Lyceum, and opened a contracts office for the group in London.
The company became based at the King's Theatre, Edinburgh, and its policy committed it to "the best work of modern writers, together with the classics of the past", including touring Shakespeare productions and opera alongside pantomime and musicals. Howard & Wyndham Ltd also held shares and directorships in Moss Empires, London West End theatres and were the major shareholders in H.M. Tennent & Company.
Later years
On his father's death in 1949 in a road accident in Edinburgh, Stewart Cruikshank junior succeeded as managing director, and concentrated the offices and wardrobe in London while continuing the production facilities and stores in Edinburgh. Through its joint venture with Roy Thomson's Scottish Television at the Theatre Royal, Glasgow in the 1950s, the company became major shareholders in the new independent television franchise.
In the 1960s Howard & Wyndham Ltd sold its theatres in England and Scotland to the city councils, with one exception, their British flagship out of over 20 theatres, the Alhambra Theatre Glasgow which Glasgow Corporation declined to take up despite the public's preference for it. It closed in 1969 to meet company debts in film and television production.
External links
Howard and Wyndham Limited 1888 - 1948
See academic, refereed paper on the formative years of Howard and Wyndham, 1851 to 1894, by Paul Iles
References
British theatre managers and producers
Impresarios
Pennsylvania Route 128 (PA 128) is a state highway located in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. The southern terminus is at PA 356 in Freeport. The northern terminus is at PA 66 in Ford City.
Route description
PA 128 begins at a T-intersection in the borough of Freeport with PA 356 just west of the Buffalo Creek and just east of the Butler County line. The route heads east over the creek on a bridge and curves to the south onto 2nd Street. It then heads east on Market Street passing through Freeport's central business district. At 5th Street, PA 128 heads north along it for one block coming to a traffic signal at High Street. PA 128 turns and heads east on two-lane undivided High Street, lined with residences. The road turns northeast and crosses into South Buffalo Township, entering wooded areas as it becomes Freeport Road. PA 128 continues north and skirts the border between Freeport to the west and South Buffalo Township to the east as a three-lane road with two northbound lanes and one southbound lane. The road passes through woodland with some homes within South Buffalo Township, running through the community of Dock Hollow. Farther north, the route enters a mix of farmland, woods, and residences as it heads more to the northeast and passes through Kerr. At this point, PA 128 curves to the north and continues to an interchange with the PA 28 freeway.
A short distance past this interchange, the route reaches Slate Lick and turns east onto Cadogan Slate Lick Road, passing through more rural areas with some residences. The road crosses into North Buffalo Township and passes under the PA 28 freeway without an interchange. PA 128 continues east before turning south into forested areas and entering Cadogan Township. The route becomes Main Street and heads into the community of Cadogan, passing homes. PA 128 turns northeast onto Prospect Avenue and passes more residences before crossing back into North Buffalo Township and becoming Ford City Road. The road heads through woods before coming into areas of fields and homes. The route turns southeast and comes to the Ford City Veterans Bridge over the Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad and the Allegheny River, entering Manor Township. PA 128 curves northeast and heads into the borough of Ford City, becoming 5th Avenue as it passes numerous homes. The road runs through the commercial downtown of Ford City before continuing past more residences and businesses. PA 128 crosses back into Manor Township and comes to its northern terminus at an intersection with PA 66.
Future
In conjunction with the reconstruction of the Donald R. Lobaugh Bridge on PA 356, the southern terminus of PA 128 will also be reconstructed. The Pennsylvania Department of Transportation is constructing a new bridge across the Buffalo Creek which will bring PA 128 to a new signalized intersection with PA 356. The project end is expected in 2013.
Major intersections
See also
References
128
Transportation in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania
"Shame" is a song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart. The song appears on the duo's sixth studio album Savage and was released as the second single in the UK. "Shame" was not released in the United States.
The track is a synthpop ballad in which the protagonist expresses regret and disdain for excessive and shallow lifestyles led by those who frequent nightclubs, bars, parties and the like. The lyrics namecheck The Beatles and The Rolling Stones and mentions the songs "All You Need is Love" and "We Love You".
"Shame" stalled at number forty-one in the UK singles chart, the first Eurythmics single to miss the UK Top 40 since "Julia" in 1985.
Track listings
7":RCA (UK, GER, FR, SP, AUS, JP)
"Shame" (7" Version) – 3:46
"I've Got A Lover (Back In Japan)" (LP Version) – 4:33
12":RCA (UK, GER, FR, SP, AUS)
"Shame" (Dance Mix) – 5:44
"I've Got A Lover (Back In Japan)" (LP Version) – 4:33
"Shame" (LP Version) – 4:23
CD Single:RCA (UK, GER)
"Shame" (Dance Mix) – 5:44
"I've Got A Lover (Back In Japan)" (LP Version) – 4:33
"There Must Be An Angel (Playing With My Heart)" (Live Version)* – 7:15
live version recorded in Sydney, 1987
Critical reception
On its release as a single, Neil Taylor of New Musical Express praised "Shame" as "an alluring tune [which] beckon[s] you to the safe portals of crackerjack clubland" and a "great single". He added that it is "a great record for sipping your glasnost and lime to". Lawrence Donegan, as guest reviewer for Record Mirror, described it as "a wonderful single" and added, "Behind the sorry mess that is Dave Stewart's hair there lies a pop genius."
In a review of Savage, Musician described the song as having "icy passion", and The Orlando Sentinel noted its "slow, ethereal arrangement." The Toledo Blade commented that songs on the album like "Shame" "sound lush and full, but the plea in the lyrics is almost desperate: a human longing to be touched instead of crushed by others". The Bulletin noted the song "takes on the idea of raised expectations generated by the media and nails it down as patently false. Everything is a con job... everything from movies to TV to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones." Spare Rib considered the lyrics to cover "success and disillusion".
Charts
References
1987 singles
Eurythmics songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
1987 songs
UK Top 40 was a charts-based programme which aired on Sundays at 6pm on the CBBC channel from 2002 to 2005. The Show relaunched in Autumn 2002 along with the new CBBC line up. The shows launch presenters were Konnie Huq and Adrian Dickson and the show was a huge success they continued it over for another series in 2003.
Series
Adrian and Konnie then both left the show after two series and it was seen as the end of an era. Many thought that the show would become interactive with a voice over but in 2004 it was revealed for the third series that Andrew Hayden-Smith would take over. With the series three rebrand the viewers left due to competition from Top of the Pops which moved to the same time slot.
Series 1 (2002–2003)
The first series was anchored by Konnie and Adrian and contained guests and more fun competitions and games and counted down the top 40 singles in the UK.
UK Top 40: CBBC Viewers Vote (Christmas 2002)
This special hosted by Adrian Dickson and a short report from Konnie Huq who was unavailable due to Blue Peter. This show is when the CBBC viewers get to vote for their favourite songs of that year. It also contained guests and competitions. This aired on Boxing Day at 10:45am on BBC One.
Series 2 (2003–2004)
The second series was reduced by 30 minutes and featured no games but it had a weekly competition and still had a celebrity guest to perform.
UK Top 40: CBBC Viewers Vote (New Year 2004)
This special hosted by Konnie Huq and Andrew Hayden-Smith (who was guest presenting for this special), Adrian was unavailable due to other commitments. This show is when the CBBC viewers get to vote for their favourite songs of that year. It also contained guests and competitions. This year it aired on New Year's Day at 2:45pm on BBC One.
Series 3 (2004–2005)
The final series was 1 hour again and featured competitions but no celebrity guests. It mainly counted down the top 40.
Time Slot
The original time slot was Sundays at 6:00pm for one hour, but in series two a new CBBC show called The Agents was put in that timeslot from 6:00pm–6:30pm so CBBC found as the current time slot was so successful they would reduce the show to 30 minutes and at the new time of 6:30pm.
Presenters
Konnie Huq (2002–2004)
Adrian Dickson (2002–2004)
Andrew Hayden-Smith (2004–2005)
References
External links
UK Top 40 at LocateTV
BBC children's television shows
2002 British television series debuts
2005 British television series endings
2000s British children's television series
British music television shows
Pop music television series
English-language television shows
2000s British music television series
AIDAbella is a cruise ship operated by AIDA Cruises. Built at Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg, Germany, she is a sister ship to AIDAdiva and AIDAluna. The ship has a passenger capacity of over 2,050. The name AIDAbella was chosen after a competition to name the new ship. The name was meant to signify how beautiful the ship is.
Facilities
The ship has 1,025 passenger cabins. There is a nude sunbathing area towards the rear of the ship. Amidships is a circular, glass-walled, and roofed Theatrium in the center of the ship.
References
External links
Official AIDAbella website
Ships built in Papenburg
Ships of AIDA Cruises
2007 ships
TBB may refer to:
Organizations
Telekom Baskets Bonn, a German professional basketball team
Tennis Borussia Berlin, a German football club
Turkish Banks Association, Türkiye Bankalar Birliği
Turkish Bars Association, Türkiye Barolar Birliği
TBB pank, commercial bank in Estonia
Other uses
Main-Tauber-Kreis, Tauberbischofsheim, code used on German vehicle registration plates
Threading Building Blocks, a software library developed by Intel Corporation
Thunersee–Beatenberg Bahn, a funicular in the Swiss canton of Bern
Tor Browser Bundle, a set of software for browsing the Internet over the Tor network
The Brady Bunch, American television show
IATA code for Dong Tac Airport
Tampa Bay Buccaneers, a professional American football franchise founded in 1976
Tbb - Trypanosoma brucei brucei, a parasite of livestock and wildlife
Club de Fútbol Aurrerá was a football club from Mexico City that played in the Liga Mexicana de Futbol Amateur Association, the first organised league in that country.
History
Aurrerá was founded in 1919, by a group of Spanish (Basque and Asturian) immigrants.
In the 1920–21 season the tournament was split into two leagues, one being the Mexican league and the other being the National league. Aurrerá played in the National league with clubs América, Germania, España, L'Amicale Francaise, Reforma and Luz y Fuerza.
In the 1923–24 season the club joined "Liga Mexicana Amateur Association" and finished 4th. At the end of 1928–29 the club retired from the league, folding soon after.
Asturian diaspora
Defunct football clubs in Mexico City
Association football clubs established in 1919
1919 establishments in Mexico
1950 disestablishments in Mexico
Primera Fuerza teams
Basque diaspora in North America
Diaspora sports clubs
Spanish-Mexican culture
USS Highland Light (IX-48), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to have that name, which was retained from her previous owner. She was designed by Frank Payne and built by George Lawley & Son in 1931 for Dudley Wolfe, who raced her to the first under-three-day time in the Bermuda Race in 1932, a record that stood until 1974. Wolfe was killed in 1939 in a failed attempt to climb K2, and the yacht was donated to the United States Navy for use at the United States Naval Academy. The craft was acquired 26 October 1940 and remained in service at the academy until struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 April 1965. Highland Light has since passed through several owners and is currently for sale. The Highland Light Trophy at the USNA is constructed from the ship's wheel.
Awards
American Defense Service Medal
American Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal
National Defense Service Medal – 2 awards
References
Highland Light
Highland Light
1940 ships
Individual yachts
Leptotrichia goodfellowii is a Gram-negative, non-spore-forming and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Leptotrichia which has been isolated from human blood of an endocarditis patient.
References
Fusobacteriota
Bacteria described in 2004
Bryan Ciesiulka (born October 10, 1991) is an American professional soccer player.
Career
Youth
Ciesiulka played for Neuqua Valley High School in Naperville, Illinois. He was named a NSCAA/adidas All-American as a senior in 2009. He was named Gatorade Illinois Boys Soccer Player of the Year in 2009. Bryan also played for the Chicago Fire Academy from 2007-2010.
College
Ciesiulka played college soccer at Marquette University. While at Marquette, Bryan helped the Golden Eagles win the school's first Big East Conference Division Title in 2011. The Golden Eagles again won the Big East in his senior season in 2013. He was a three time captain at Marquette. Prior to his senior season, Bryan was named to the Soccer America All-American team. Bryan was a Senior CLASS Award finalist in 2013. In 2013, Bryan was named Big East Midfielder of the Year, as well as making the All-Conference First Team. Bryan ended his career with 9 goals and 17 assists, while playing in 69 career games with 63 starts.
Professional
Ciesiulka was selected by the Chicago Fire in the 2014 MLS SuperDraft, but was released prior to the start of the season. Ciesiulka signed shortly thereafter with Swedish club Gimo IF FK.
On February 13, 2015, USL club Saint Louis FC announced their signing of Ciesiulka.
Personal
Ciesiulka grew up in Naperville, Illinois. Bryan is the son of Philip and Nancy Ciesiulka. He has two sisters, Jenny and Katie. Katie currently plays soccer at Marquette.
References
1991 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football midfielders
Chicago Fire FC draft picks
Chicago Fire U-23 players
Marquette Golden Eagles men's soccer players
Saint Louis FC players
Soccer players from Illinois
Sportspeople from Naperville, Illinois
USL League Two players
The Unhasu (Milky Way) Orchestra () is a possibly disbanded musical group based in Pyongyang, North Korea. It performs primarily with Western instruments, sometimes performing alongside traditional Korean soloists. The orchestra has a concert hall, the Unhasu Theater in Pyongyang, dedicated for its use. Ri Sol-ju, the wife of Kim Jong-un, was a singer in this group.
Performances
On 14 March 2012, the South Korean conductor Myung-whun Chung led the combined orchestras of Unhasu Orchestra and the Radio France Philharmonic in the Salle Pleyel concert hall in Paris, France. The pan-Korean folk song called "Arirang" was played.
Rumored executions and alleged disbandment
On August 29, 2013, The Chosun Ilbo reported, based on anonymous sources in China, that key members of the Moranbong Band and Unhasu Orchestra were made to watch the execution by firing squad of certain members of the Unhasu Orchestra, including violinist Mun Kyong-jin, members of the Wangjaesan Light Music Band, and the singer Hyon Song-wol (since seen alive on NK television in 2014), on the orders of Kim Jong-un. According to the Chosun Ilbo report, the Unhasu Orchestra was then disbanded. The executed members of the band have been named by the music journalist Norman Lebrecht as the concertmasters Moon, Gyeong-Jin, and Jung, Sun-Young. Other reporters are skeptical of The Chosun Ilbo report, such as Chad O'Carroll of NK News, a North Korean analyst website. O'Carroll told Business Insider, "You've got to remember that a lot of the time the source is South Korean and it's in their interest to distort or perhaps weave the truth every now and then." John Delury from the Yonsei University in Seoul, told The Guardian, "This stuff gets planted regularly in media outlets and then quickly goes viral. There's a global appetite for any North Korea story and the more salacious the better. Some of it is probably true – but a great deal of it is probably not." Delury also added: "The normal standards of journalism are thrown out of the window because the attitude is: 'It's North Korea – no one knows what's going on in there. Hyon Song-wol, the focus of many of the reports, was later shown to be alive and well.
Alejandro Cao de Benós said that the news was false and the orchestra would perform on September 9, 2013. However, the orchestra were not present at the Day of the Foundation of the Republic celebrations on September 9, being replaced by the Korean People's Internal Security Forces Song and Dance Ensemble, leading to further speculation and concern about the fate of Unhasu Orchestra members.
Nam Jae-joon, the chief of the South Korean National Intelligence Service (NIS), said, on 8 October 2013, he was aware that "about 10 members of the Unhasu Orchestra were executed for involvement in the scandal."
A performance by the orchestra was broadcast by North Korean radio in October 2013.
Rumors of executions resurfaced in 2015 when South Korean lawmaker Shin Kyung-min revealed NIS' findings on recent executions. According to NIS, four top members of the orchestra were executed in March 2015 for spying for South Korea. Among them was the unnamed director general of the orchestra who was identified as a "Russian-trained composer and producer in his late 60s who came from Japan's pro-North Korean community". According to one of NIS' sources, the four were stripped naked before they were executed with machine gun fire. The execution took place in Pyongyang and four to five hundred members of Pyongyang's artistic community were forced to witness it. The execution was described as unusual with respect to both its cruelty and the fact that the families of those who were executed were reportedly spared from repercussions.
Former members
Mun Kyong-jin – concertmaster
Ri Sol-ju – singer, wife of Kim Jong-Un
See also
Media coverage of North Korea
List of North Korean musicians
List of South Korean musicians
Music of North Korea
Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble
Wangjaesan Light Music Band
References
Further reading
External links
Pekka Korhonen's
2013 disestablishments in North Korea
North Korean orchestras
Disbanded orchestras
Musical groups disestablished in 2013
The black-faced tanager (Schistochlamys melanopis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, dry savanna, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the black-faced tanager
black-faced tanager
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
Birds of Brazil
black-faced tanager
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Char Kukri-Mukri Wildlife Sanctuary () is a wildlife sanctuary in southern Charfession Upazila of Bangladesh, located on the island Kukri Mukri in the Bay of Bengal in the south of the country. The area of the sanctuary is , and is elongated in shape. It is 130 km from the Bharisal town in the gangetic delta on the mouth of Meghana river. It is also called Charfesson wildlife sanctuary. Most part of the sanctuary is submerged twice in a day due to high tide and is covered with dense mangrove vegetation. The soil type is clay.
Climate
The rainfall is very high during the monsoon season, the recorded rainfall is round the year. The climate is hot and humid round the year. The sanctuary is dissected by 6 small Khals or creeks.
History
According to the local people the human habitation started on the island around 1930 during the British Raj. The Bhola cyclone which hit the Bangladesh in 1970 had swept the entire human population on the island. After the cyclone, in the year 1973/1974 people again migrated to the island and started fishing and cultivation. Bangladesh forest department started afforestation of many mangrove species on the island.
Management
The park is managed by 1 Range officer and 1 forest beat guard. It is administered by the Coastal Forest Division at Bhola. It was declared as wildlife sanctuary on 19-12-1981 under the Bangladesh wildlife (Preservation) Amendment Act of 1947. No forestry activities are carried out in the mangrove forest except conservation activities.
Flora and fauna
The sanctuary has an esturine ecosystem; the sanctuary is covered with mangrove forest on the major part with intermittent open mudflats.
Flora
277 species of plants belonging to 76 families were identified from the sanctuary and on the island. These species include 91 tree species, 33 shrub species, 118 herbs and 35 climbers. The Mangrove species like (Sonneratia apetala),Baine (Avicennia officinalis), Geoa (Excoecaria agallocha), (Acanthus ilicifolius),Khalisha (Ageiceras maius) and Typha angustifolia are common.
Fauna
Common mammals include Fishing cat (Felis viverrina) and Oriental small-clawed otter (Aonyx cinerea). Water fowl species of Bitterns, Herons, Egrets, kingfishers are very common. Eight species of Herons breed in the sanctuary. The Grey Pelican or Spot-billed pelican which is included in the Near threatened species list of IUCN Red data Book is also found in this sanctuary. All three species of Monitor lizard namely (Varanus salvator), Bengal monitor (Varanus bengalensis) and Yellow monitor (Varanus flavescens) are also found in the sanctuary.
Threats
The threats are encroachment for cultivation land and excessive fishing by the local people and invasion of the exotic foreign plant species.
See also
List of protected areas of Bangladesh
References
National parks of Bangladesh
Forests of Bangladesh
Trodd is an English surname. Notable people with this surname include:
John Trodd (1828–1858), English cricket player
Kenith Trodd (born 1936), British television producer
Thomas Trodd (1842–1908), English cricket player
William Trodd (1836–1880), English cricket player
This is a list of all personnel changes for the 2017 EuroLeague off-season and 2017–18 EuroLeague season (until 28 February 2018).
Retirements
The following players who played in the 2016–17 Euroleague, and played more than three EuroLeague seasons, retired.
Managerial changes
Player movements
Between two EuroLeague teams
To a EuroLeague team
Leaving a EuroLeague team
References
External links
EuroLeague roster moves
EuroCup roster moves
Transactions
EuroLeague transactions
Nufenen (Italian: Novena, Romansh: Nueinas) is a former municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2019 the former municipalities of Hinterrhein, Nufenen and Splügen merged to form the new municipality of Rheinwald.
History
Nufenen was first mentioned in 1343 as Ovena. In 1633 it was mentioned as Nufena. In Romansh it was known as Nueinas and it used to be known as Novena in Italian.
Geography
Nufenen has an area, , of . Of this area, 54.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while 14.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 0.9% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (29.5%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Rheinwald sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It is located on the San Bernardino tunnel road. It consists of the haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) of Nufenen. Until the 18th Century, the village was surrounded by about fifteen farm house groups.
Demographics
Nufenen has a population (as of ) of . , 4.6% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 10.2%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 55.6% male and 44.4% female. The age distribution, , in Nufenen is; 17 people or 13.4% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 4 people or 3.1% are 10 to 14, and 6 people or 4.7% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 18 people or 14.2% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 9 people or 7.1% are 30 to 39, 17 people or 13.4% are 40 to 49, and 25 people or 19.7% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 8 people or 6.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 15 people or 11.8% are 70 to 79, there are 7 people or 5.5% who are 80 to 89, and there are 1 people or 0.8% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 61.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (27.5%), the FDP (8.1%) and the CVP (2.3%).
In Nufenen about 71.4% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Nufenen has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were 43 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 15 businesses involved in this sector. 2 people are employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. 15 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 3 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speak German (96.9%), with French being second most common ( 1.6%) and Italian being third ( 0.8%).
References
External links
Official Web site
Rheinwald
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Thomas Percival Syminton (May 1904 – 7 April 1987) was a cricketer who played six First-class cricket matches for Rhodesia between 1929 and 1931.
He was educated at Ardingly College. He died in Western Australia in 1987.
References
1904 births
1987 deaths
People educated at Ardingly College
Rhodesia cricketers
Rhodesian emigrants to Australia
The Masonic Widows and Orphans Home, located in Louisville (St. Matthews), Kentucky, is a historic building on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built by the Grand Lodge of Kentucky to support the widows and orphans of Master Masons, but now is open to all senior citizens.
History
The Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home was formed in 1867 due to a discussion on November 23, 1866 pondering what to do with the number of widows and orphans of Masons caused by the American Civil War; the 1867 founding makes Kentucky's Masonic Widows and Orphans Home the oldest Masonic home in North America. It started when a group of Louisville Freemasons on November 23, 1866 gathered with an intention of creating such a home. The Kentucky General Assembly chartered the organization in January 1867. The initial starting funds for starting the home was $30,000, with additional funds totaling $20,000 and $12,000 separately. The cornerstone of the original home, located north of Avery Street between First and Second Street in what was previously a cornfield, was laid in 1869, with the first resident admitted on April 7, 1871. The building was completed in 1873. A tornado on June 2, 1875, damaged the roof and center walls of the original building, but no one was injured.
World War I and the Spanish influenza outbreak during and immediately after the war caused overcrowding. Thus, the decision was made to construct a larger orphan's home than the original in Louisville, to the present-day location in Louisville/St. Matthews on Frankfort Avenue, at the cost of $9,400,000. Construction began in 1925 on the location, and the residents moved to it on August 15, 1927. Louisville daily newspaper The Courier-Journal called it "Little City Beautiful". The largest concentration of orphans at the home was 632 in 1930. The last orphan left in 1989, resulting in the home being solely for senior care.
Modern era
Most of the buildings established at the campus are still in existence. The Grand Lodge of Kentucky has its offices at the location. Until the orphans were eventually taught in public schools, originally their education was on the campus, with a cannery, farm operation, print shop, sewing room, and shoe shop there to teach the orphans a trade to support themselves in their adulthood. The St. Johns Day League Infirmary took care of sick residents. Once Kentucky state laws forbid using crops grown on the farm to feed the residents, the farm operations were sold off in 1988. The Home now accepts residents who are not related to Masons. In 2009 construction began on the property for the Kosair Charities Pediatric Day Care Center. The center opened in 2010 as Sproutlings Pediatric Day Care & Preschool.
There was another Masonic orphanage in Louisville area, established across the Ohio River in Port Fulton, Indiana (now part of Jeffersonville), on the grounds of the former Jefferson General Hospital. It also ran out of orphans around the year 1990, and the grounds were used to construct a newer Masonic temple for the local lodges and Order of the Eastern Star chapters.
Gallery
References
External links
Official site of the Masonic Home
Official site of Sproutlings
Residential buildings completed in 1927
National Register of Historic Places in Louisville, Kentucky
Masonic buildings in Kentucky
Buildings and structures in Louisville, Kentucky
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Kentucky
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Kentucky
Widowhood in the United States
Lobov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Lobova. The surname is derived from the word лоб (lob, meaning "forehead") and may refer to:
Artem Lobov (born 1986), Russian mixed martial artist
Konstantin Lobov (born 1981), Russian football player
Natalia Lobova (born 1986), Russian sprint canoer
Nina Lobova (born 1957), Ukrainian handball player
Oleg Lobov (born 1937), Russian politician
Semyon Lobov (1913–1977), Soviet Navy Admiral
Russian-language surnames
Phtheochroa descensa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Jalisco, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
Heinrich von Klingen (died 16 December 1204) was abbot of the Abbey of Saint Gall from 1200 until 1204.
Works
Heinrich von Klingen was elected abbot of Saint Gall from his position of provost on 17 January 1200. For the first time in the Abbey's history, the ministeriales and the whole citizenry was involved in the election. Abbot Heinrich was successful in his endeavour of repaying the debts amassed by his predecessor Ulrich von Veringen. He bought back many properties which had previously been pledged or sold. Heinrich von Klingen was an associate of King Philip. The king confirmed his abbacy in Ulm in the year 1200. Heinrich participated in a number of Hoftage. In 1201, he was at the Hoftag in Bamberg, in 1202 at the Hoftage in Esslingen and Ulm, and in 1203 in Ravensburg.
Notes and references
External links
Heinrich von Klingen on the website of the Stiftsarchiv St. Gallen.
Heinrich von Klingen in the city lexicon of Wil; cited from Johannes Duft: Die Abtei St. Gallen.
12th-century births
1204 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Abbots of Saint Gall
Un-Break My Heart: The Remix Collection is the first remix album by American R&B singer Toni Braxton, released on April 12, 2005, by Sony BMG Music Entertainment in association with La Face Records and Legacy Recordings, while on iTunes, it was released a month later, on March 31, 2005. It takes its name from Braxton's signature ballad, "Un-Break My Heart".
Un-Break My Heart: The Remix Collection features ten club mixes by Hex Hector, David Morales, Frankie Knuckles, Peter Rauhofer and Junior Vasquez among others, with the track list consisting of songs from her albums Secrets, The Heat, and More Than a Woman. It is formatted as a continuous club mix. The compilation received a favorable review from Allmusic, which praised it for being a welcome change of pace and praised Hex Hector's remixes.
Background and content
"Un-Break My Heart: The Remix Collection" is Braxton's first remix album, being released on April 12, 2005, in the United States by Sony BMG Music Entertainment. It was released on March 31, 2005, on iTunes. The album includes remixes only from "Secrets" (1996) and "The Heat" (2000).
Hex Hector remixed the songs "Spanish Guitar", "Maybe" and "Hit the Freeway", while Frankie Knuckles provided remixes for "I Don't Want To" and "Un-Break My Heart". David Morales remixed "You're Makin' Me High", while Junior Vasquez providing a remix for "He Wasn't Man Enough".
Critical reception
Andy Kellman of Allmusic gave the album 3 out of 5 stars, writing that, "'Un-Break My Heart: The Remix Collection' is a nice change of pace from the typical patched-together cash-in compilation of remixes," praising Hex Hector for "allowing enough room for the bulk of each track to play, rather than showing off quick-wristed skills that would likely knock the wind out of the selections." Kellman picked "the 'HQ2' mix of 'Hit the Freeway,' Frankie Knuckles mix of 'Un-Break My Heart,' and Peter Rauhofer's mix of 'He Wasn't Man Enough' as the highlights."
Track listing
Personnel
Audio Remixers: Joaquin "Joe" Claussell, Eddie Cumana, J-Dub, Hex Hector, Frankie Knuckles, David Morales, Mac Quayle, Peter Rauhofer, Beppe Savoni, Soul Solution.
Photographer: Daniela Federici.
Arrangers: Toni Braxton, Keith Crouch, David Foster, R. Kelly.
Charts
The album charted on the U.S. Top Electronic Albums chart, peaking at number 20.
Release history
References
2005 remix albums
Legacy Recordings remix albums
Sony Music remix albums
Toni Braxton compilation albums
Dance music compilation albums
House music compilation albums
Barna Dobos (born 12 May 1970) is a Hungarian football manager.
Career
He started his career as a youth coach. From 2005 to 2012 he has worked at Dunaújváros FC, Videoton FC and Puskás Akadémia FC. In 2012, he took over the Dunaújváros third division team as main coach, winning the championship in 2012-13 Nemzeti Bajnokság III and immediately qualifying for Nemzeti Bajnokság II.
In the 2013-2014 season, he once again performed with his team, finishing second with the Dunaújváros PASE in the second division.
In September 2018 he became the head coach of the Zalaegerszeg TE.
References
1970 births
Living people
Hungarian football managers
Zalaegerszegi TE managers
People from Mór
Győri ETO FC managers
Nemzeti Bajnokság I managers
Sportspeople from Fejér County
Dunaújváros FC managers
Many aviation-related events took place in 2021. The aviation industry was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Events
January
7 January
Boeing settles with the US Department of Justice to pay over $2.5 billion after being charged with fraud over the Boeing 737 MAX certification: a criminal monetary penalty of $243.6 million, $1.77 billion of damages to airline customers, and a $500 million crash-victim beneficiaries fund.
9 January
Sriwijaya Air Flight 182, a Boeing 737-500, crashes off the Jakarta coast. All 62 people on board are dead.
27 January
Boeing reports its 2020 results: revenue of $58.2 billion, down from $76.6 billion the previous year, and an operating loss of $12.8 billion.
28 January
The new $1.1 billion dollar terminal at Bahrain Airport begins operations.
February
3 to 5 February
Aero India 2021 is held at Yelahanka Air Force Station in Bangalore.
9 February
LATAM Argentina folds after having stopped operations on 17 June 2020.
11 February
Air Namibia ceases operations and goes into bankruptcy.
18 February
Airbus reports its 2020 results: revenue of €49.9 billion, down from €70.5 billion the previous year, and an operating loss of €1.1 billion ($1.3 billion).
20 February
United Airlines Flight 328, a Boeing 777-200, suffers an uncontained engine failure of the right-hand engine over Broomfield, Colorado and the surrounding area. The flight was able to return to Denver International Airport safely with no injuries. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) orders emergency inspections of all 777s with the same Pratt & Whitney PW4000 engines.
26 February
The 1945th and last Bombardier CRJ is delivered.
27 February
First flight of the Boeing Airpower Teaming System of Boeing Australia.
March
10 March
First flight of the Dassault Falcon 6X.
31 March
Alaska Airlines officially joins Oneworld, and becomes the 14th full member of the alliance.
April
27 April
Avelo Airlines begins operations with three Boeing 737-800 aircraft.
Interjet files for bankruptcy in Mexico. The airline indefinitely suspended flights on 11 December 2020 due to inadequate cash flow, and in January, most employees went on strike over unpaid wages.
May
6 May
Dassault Aviation launches its $75 million Falcon 10X flagship, scheduled for 2025, to compete with the Bombardier Global 7500 and the Gulfstream G700.
12 May
Key Lime Air Flight 970, a Swearingen Metroliner, collides in mid-air with a Cirrus SR22 light aircraft near Denver's Centennial Airport. Both aircraft sustain severe damage but make safe emergency landings.
21 May
Aerion, developer of the Aerion AS2 supersonic business jet, shuts down as it lacks funds.
23 May
Ryanair Flight 4978, a Boeing 737-8AS on a routine scheduled flight from Athens International Airport to Vilnius Airport, is diverted to Minsk National Airport on the orders of Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko under the pretence of a bomb threat. No bombs are found, but passenger and Belarusian dissident Roman Protasevich is arrested on arrival, triggering international condemnation of the Belarusian government.
24 May
Various nations announce aviation sanctions against Belarus in reaction to the Ryanair Flight 4978 incident. Belavia, the flag carrier of Belarus, will be barred from the airspace of the EU and the UK, and EU and UK airlines are instructed to avoid Belarusian airspace. Lithuania and Ukraine will close their airspace to aircraft that have flown or plan to fly through Belarusian airspace, thus terminating all direct flights.
27 May
Founded by David Neeleman, US startup Breeze Airways starts commercial operations.
28 May
Rolls-Royce opens the world's largest engine testbed facility in the world, Testbed 80, in Derby.
June
3 June
United Airlines places an order for 15 Boom Overture supersonic transports, which should enter service in 2029. United is expected be the first airline to fly the Overture.
11 June
Stobart Air enters liquidation and ceases operation of all flights operated under its franchise agreement with Aer Lingus Regional.
Air Antwerp ceases operations.
18 June
Boeing 737 MAX 10 has its first flight from Renton Municipal Airport and landing at King County International Airport (Boeing Field) with a flight duration of 2.8 hours.
24 June
Icelandic start-up Play starts operations, with an inaugural flight from Keflavík to London Stansted.
29 June
Chengdu's Tianfu International Airport officially opens to supplement Chengdu Airport.
July
2 July
A Boeing 737-200 cargo aircraft operating as Transair Flight 810 ditches en route from Honolulu to Maui. Both pilots are rescued by the US Coast Guard.
4 July
A Lockheed C-130 Hercules of the Philippine Air Force overruns a runway and crashes near Jolo Airport in the Philippines, killing 53 and injuring 50 others.
6 July
An Antonov An-26 aircraft crashes near the settlement of Palana, Russia, killing all 28 people on board.
16 July
An Antonov An-28 operating Siberian Light Aviation Flight 42 crash-lands in a swamp in Tomsk after both engines fail. All 18 people on board survive the accident.
August
16 August
With the fall of Kabul to the Taliban, thousands of civilians throng the terminal and aircraft operations area of Hamid Karzai International Airport trying to flee Afghanistan, and US troops seize the facility, as several people are killed in the chaos.
An A-29 Super Tucano of the Afghan Air Force is shot down in the Surxondaryo Region in Uzbekistan after “illegally” flying into Uzbek airspace.
17 August
The first prototype Ilyushin Il-112 transport aircraft crashes near Kubinka Airfield after an engine fire. All three crew members are killed.
18 August
After troops secure the civilian side of the airport, commercial flights to Kabul Airport resume on a limited basis, with a Boeing 767 of Utair.
US military leaders state that 2,000 US citizens, NATO troops and Afghan civilians have been flown out from Kabul Airport by US forces since the fall of the city.
19 August
Uzbek authorities confirm that 46 Afghan Air Force aircraft have flown to Uzbekistan since the fall of Kabul, and 585 aircrews are seeking asylum there.
22 August
The US Department of Defense activates the Civil Reserve Air Fleet and requisitions 18 airliners from US civil airlines to shuttle Afghanistan evacuees from temporary staging bases outside of that country, freeing US military transport crews to concentrate on the Kabul airlift.
30 August
The last US C-17 flight leaves Kabul Airport just before midnight, ending the US military airlift and the War in Afghanistan.
Raytheon Technologies subsidiary Collins Aerospace announces the acquisition of flight tracking company FlightAware.
September
4 September
Philippine Airlines, the oldest commercial airline in Asia, files for bankruptcy amid mounting debts due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
9 September
A Qatar Airways Boeing 777-300ER operates the first commercial international flight into Kabul since the US pullout on 30 August.
15 September
An experimental electric aircraft aiming for air speed records, the Rolls-Royce ACCEL completes its first flight in fifteen minutes.
23 September
South African Airways was relaunched after 18 months of grounding due to bankruptcy. A partnership between Takatso Consortium and The South African Government brought back the airline along with 3 Billion Rand (200 Million Dollars).
24 September
The US Air Force awards $2.6 billion to Rolls-Royce Corporation to re-engine the B-52H bomber with 608 F130 engines (the Rolls-Royce BR725 military designation) to replace the outdated TF33, to be integrated by Boeing from 2025 to 2035 and to be operated until at least 2050, increasing fuel efficiency, range, and reducing maintenance costs.
October
4 October
Gulfstream introduces the 4,200 nmi (7,778 km) range G400, to be delivered from 2025, and the 8,000 nmi (14,816 km) range G800, with deliveries from 2023.
8 October
Air India, along with its low-cost carrier Air India Express and fifty percent of AISATS, a ground handling company, were sold to Tata Sons.
15 October
Alitalia, the flag carrier of Italy, ceases operations after 74 years due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on aviation following years of losses. Its operations and assets are handed over to new state-owned flag carrier Italia Trasporto Aereo.
19 October
In the 2021 Houston MD-87 crash, a McDonnell Douglas MD-87 charter flight crashes on takeoff from Houston Executive Airport. All 21 people on board survive but a post-crash fire destroys the aircraft.
November
8 November
After 20 months of restrictions, the United States opens up fully to travellers. This is celebrated when the first two flights back into the US from the United Kingdom, two Airbus A350-1000s operated by British Airways and Virgin Atlantic, conduct a parallel take-off from London Heathrow Airport for the US.
14 to 18 November
Dubai Airshow 2021 is held at Al Maktoum International Airport in Dubai, from 14th to 18th November 2021.
15 November
At the Dubai Airshow, US lessor Air Lease Corporation became the A350F freighter launch customer with an order for seven to be delivered around 2026, among other Airbus airliners.
22 November
Hi Fly lands an Airbus A340-300 in Antarctica, at the Wolves Fang Runway after a flight from Cape Town, setting the record for the largest aircraft ever to land in Antarctica.
23 November
The single turboprop Beechcraft Denali makes its first flight, targeting certification for 2023.
December
3 December
During a Middle East tour by French president Emmanuel Macron, the United Arab Emirates signs for 80 examples of the Dassault Rafale F4 multirole fighter to be delivered between 2027 and 2031, a deal valued at €14 billion for the aircraft (€M each) and €2 billion for weapons.
10 December
The first Airbus Helicopters H160 is delivered to All Nippon Helicopter for electronic news gathering, starting in 2022.
16 December
The 251st and last Airbus A380 is delivered to its main customer Emirates.
References
2021-related lists
2021
Aviation by year
Technology timelines by year
Transport timelines by year
Ruditapes is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs, in the family Veneridae.
Species
Ruditapes aureus
Ruditapes bruguieri
Ruditapes decussata
Ruditapes decussatus
Ruditapes japonica
Ruditapes largillierti
Ruditapes philippinarum – Japanese littleneck
Ruditapes semidecussata
Ruditapes variegata
Ruditapes variegatus
References
ZipCodeZoo
Veneridae
Bivalve genera
Penicillium penarojense is a species of fungus in the genus Penicillium which was isolated from soil of the Colombian Amazon forest.
Further reading
References
penarojense
Fungi described in 2011
Hans Tibulski (22 February 1909 – 25 August 1976) was a German international footballer.
References
1909 births
1976 deaths
Association football forwards
German footballers
Germany international footballers
FC Schalke 04 players
Kidai shōran () is a picture scroll depicting the Nihonbashi area of Edo. It was painted in 1805 by an unknown artist. Its dimensions are 43.7 × 1,232.2 cm. In exacting detail, it depicts the shopping street of Nihonbashi Avenue and the throngs of people crowding the street.
It was discovered in 1999 in the Museum of Asian Art, Berlin, and is an important resource for understanding the street-life of Edo during the reign of Tokugawa Ienari, the 11th shōgun, who controlled the government for 50 years.
Area depicted
The scroll is an aerial view of Nihonbashi Street from Kanda Imagawa Bridge to . It presents a 764 metre stretch of busy shopping precinct. The Nihonbashi Bridge crosses the Nihonbashi River. The Kanda Imagawa Bridge exists today only as the name of a street crossing. , which the bridge crossed, has been filled in and is a narrow laneway. This section of Nihonbashi Street today is commonly referred to as (Central Avenue), and is the start of the Nakasendō. In the Edo period (1603–1868) it was referred to as Tōrichō or Tōri Jūni-ken. Today the street is a business district lined with offices of major corporations including the Mitsui Group. During the Edo period the street was brimming with wholesale stores and was the city's major shopping precinct.
The city blocks covered from the right of the scroll (from the north), are as follows:
Nihonbashi Honshirogane-chō 2-chōme (Tōri Honshirogane-chō)
Nihonbashi Hongoku-chō 2 chōme (Tōri Koku-chō)
Hongoku-chō Jikken-dana (Jikken-dana)
Nihonbashi Muromachi 3-chōme, 2-chōme, and 1-chōme
In parentheses are the common names for the areas during the Edo period when the street was known as “Tōri” (“the street”), an indication of its central position in the city of Edo. (The name Chūō-dōri today has a similar tone.)
The area was reorganised and renamed in the early Shōwa period (1930s), and today the scroll represents the four large city blocks of Nihonbashi Muromachi 1–4 chōme
Shops
The scroll depicts 88 wholesale stores called ton'ya or toiya (). The exterior noren curtains all have trademarks and trading names inscribed in legible script and form an accurate list of shop operators of the time. The area was destroyed in the following year, 1806, in the . The (Edo Shopping Guide) of February 1824 lists one quarter of the stores represented in the scroll. However, their addresses are often different, indicating the impact of the Great Bunka Fire and the dynamic nature of conducting business in the early 1800s in Edo.
The outside views of the various merchant machiya townhouses are detailed with attention given to the type of eaves on the building, and the variations in the earthen warehouses and their white plaster walls. Unlike a similar scroll, the Edo fūzoku zukan (, 18th century by Miyagawa Chōshun, Important Cultural Property), where interiors of shops are depicted with a “seeing through” viewpoint, the shops of the Kidai shōran are depicted in a realistic manner. Also accurately depicted are side alleys and the back-alley shops that lined them.
A number of famous shops appear in the scroll, including the dry goods store Echigoya, which remains in operation today as Mitsukoshi. The Echigoya head store operated in Suruga-chō. The store was (and remains) a large presence on the street and is depicted in extensive detail. Its affiliated stores and warehouses also appear in the surrounding area. The knife store “Kiya” which still operates in Muromachi is depicted as four stores in Muromachi 2-chōme. Of the four Kiya stores depicted, Kōshichi's store is closed for renovations with a poster stating that “during the construction period business will be conducted from the warehouse”. The large bookstore Suhara-ya still operates as a chain of stores today and is represented by two stores operated by Zengoro and Ichibē. This represents an Edo period practice of allowing senior employees to establish branches of the store under the same brand, and is the reason for Suhara-ya's wide network today.
Apart from the official stores, there are a number of unofficial guard houses responsible for fire-watch and safety which supplement their income with shop activities, often selling fire-fighting related products.
People
A total of 1,671 people are represented in the scroll, of whom only 200 are women.
The crowd is heavier towards Nihonbashi, which reflects reality. Apart from people out shopping, there are hawkers, fortune-tellers, news cryers, street salesmen, Buddhist pilgrims, priests seeking temple donations, a child on his way to school, and many others.
Alongside the humans are 20 dogs, 13 horses, four oxen with carts, one performing monkey, and two falcons on falconers' arms.
Era
It is thought the scroll dates to 1805 because a priest accompanied by pilgrims depicted soliciting temple donations is holding a donations box with “Bunka 2, Ekō-in” written on it. The second year of the Bunka era is 1805. The Nihonbashi neighbourhood was completely destroyed in the great fire of fourth day of the third month of Bunka year 3, or 22 April 1806. The placement of stores in the scroll accords with the pre-fire arrangement. The season is likely to be early spring as the famous dolls market is set up in the Jikken-dana area. These hina dolls were sold from late in the second month to early in the third month of the calendar then used. However, other observers note the sale of bonito and children swimming in the Nihonbashi River, and suggest the scroll does not describe a particular season. The calligrapher Sano Tōshū is responsible for the title of the scroll. Tōshū died on the tenth day of the third month of 1814; therefore the scroll predates this.
Artist
The artist of the scroll is unknown. Two red seals on the title page indicate the calligraphy of the title page is by Sano Tōshū (). One seal says “Sajun-no-in” (Sajun's seal) and the other says “Tōshū”. We know that Sajun refers to Tōshū because a carving (hengaku) of his calligraphy of the characters “Sanno Daigongen” donated to Hie Shrine says it is donated by Sano Sajun.
There are no markings on the scroll which indicate who the artist was.
In the early Bunka era, Sano Tōshū adopted the fiction writer (dime novelist) , whose brother was the artist Santō Kyōden (also known as Kitao Masanobu). And so the general view is that Santō Kyōden may be the artist.
A second theory, held by the Japanese art historian , uses a process of elimination examining the style and era of creation to suggest the artist may be Katsukawa Shun'ei (1762–1819). The identity remains a matter for speculation.
The title of the scroll includes the character (ten, "heaven") below the four main title characters, and therefore the scroll is thought to be part of a diptych or triptych. If it was a diptych the second work would have (chi, "earth") on it. If a triptych, then the three characters would be these two and also (jin, "people"). The existence of the other one or two scrolls is unknown and a request for their whereabouts has been issued by the Museum of Asian Art in Berlin.
A complementary scroll might be of the western side of the same stretch of shopping street, the southern side of the Nihonbashi Bridge, the crossroad Honchō Avenue, or completely separate areas of Edo (such as the shops lining the Sumida River or the streets of the courtesan district at Yoshiwara). The discovery of any such scroll would be an important development in the understanding of the street life of Edo.
Reason for commissioning
There is no artist's signature or record about the reason for commissioning the work. The work was likely commissioned by a warrior or wealthy merchant. The title, Kidai shōran, means “superior scenery of a brilliant age”. The commissioner must have wanted to bequeath an image of Edo's prosperity of the time to future generations. However, the incorrect later placement of gold leaf placenames on the scroll means that the commissioner or owner at the time was not a local of the area. There are many mistakes in attaching placenames, including the misnaming of Takasago Shindō Street as “Ukiyo-koji” Street at Muromachi 1-chōme, Ukiyo-koji Street at Muromachi 3-chōme is confused with “Goza-ten” shop, and (now Odawara-shi) is misnamed Oda-chō.
Discovery
The scroll was discovered in the attic of a relative by Professor Hans-Joachim Kuster and his wife Inge in Berlin in 1995. Kuster taught biology at the Free University of Berlin and the Kusters were keen collectors of Chinese art and supporters of the Museum of Asian Art, Berlin. The scroll was donated to the Museum as part of the Kuster Collection of Chinese art through a gift arranged by Manfred Bohms prior to 1995. It is unknown how the scroll came to be in the attic of Professor Kuster's relative. The scroll was stored in the Chinese collection of the Museum until 1995, when Professor Kuster died and his collection was examined as a result of an inheritance dispute. At that time the Curator of Japanese works in the Museum realised that the scroll was not Chinese but in fact a work of art from Japan.
The Director of the Museum of Asian Art, Berlin, Willibald Veit then arranged for of Gakushuin University to examine the scroll. Kobayashi was giving visiting lectures in Cologne, the Rietberg Museum (Zürich) and the Free University of Berlin. After finishing them, Kobayashi was able to examine the scroll.
The scroll was displayed for the first time in central position at an exhibition to celebrate the opening of the new Japan Galleries of the Museum of Asian Art, Berlin. It then returned to Japan on two occasions. The first was from 5 January to 23 February 2003 at the Edo-Tokyo Museum in an exhibition titled 808 Towns of Great Edo celebrating the 10th anniversary of the opening of the Edo-Tokyo Museum and the 400th anniversary of the establishment of the Edo Shogunate. The second occasion was at the Mitsui Memorial Museum from 7 January to 12 February 2006 in its inaugural exhibition, titled Nihonbashi Picture Scrolls.
Following these exhibitions, a 1.4 times enlarged facsimile was produced by the Nihonbashi Preservation Association and the Nihonbashi Renaissance Committee under the supervision of the Edo-Tokyo Museum. This is now displayed in the underground concourse of Tokyo Metro's Mitsukoshimae Station. Interpretation was provided next to the display, which opened on 30 November 2009.
In 2017, the Edo-Tokyo Museum, in cooperation with the Capital Museum and Palace Museum of Beijing, held an exhibition titled Edo and Beijing: Cities and Urban Life in the 18th Century. In its catalogue, an article by Yūko Eriguchi () draws comparisons between Kidai shōran and an illustrated Chinese text, ("Grand Ceremony for the Imperial Birthday"). It is likely that either the commissioner or the artist of Kidai shōran had access to a copy of the Chinese text: for example, the image of a father taking his young child to his first day of school is identical in both works.
The original scroll remains in the Collection of the Museum of Asian Art, now part of the Humboldt Forum, Berliner Schloss.
Notes
References
External links
"Vortrefflicher Anblick unseres prosperierenden Zeitalters (Kidai Shōran): Malerei." Staatliche Museen zu Berlin. (The address is dynamic; the page can be found by searching here for "kidai".)
1805 paintings
Cityscape paintings
Emakimono
Genre paintings
Nihonbashi, Tokyo
Paintings in Berlin
Diana Iovanovici Șoșoacă (born 13 November 1975 in Bucharest, Romania) is a Romanian lawyer and far-right politician. She gained notorious popularity in 2020 after she published several messages against COVID-19 restriction measures on social media sites such as Facebook. Iovanovici Șoșoacă is a former member of the Alliance for the Union of Romanians (AUR) and part of the Senate of Romania for the Iași County since 21 December 2020. She later said that she did not want to enter the Parliament of Romania but that she was forced by other people who pressured her. On 10 February 2021, she was excluded from AUR's parliamentary group after AUR members Claudiu Târziu and Sorin Lavric proposed her exclusion for not following the party's strategy. Subsequently, on 30 May 2022, she joined S.O.S. Romania, a party founded in November 2021. Șoșoacă is one of the main anti-vaccine figures of the COVID-19 pandemic in Romania. She also supports a Romanian withdrawal from the EU and holds an anti-immigration rhetoric centered on the Syrian-born Romanian physician Raed Arafat.
On 12 December 2021, Șoșoacă was accused by the Italian television channel Rai 1 of having kidnapped the well-known journalist Lucia Goracci following an interview that included some questions about the COVID-19 pandemic that she considered uncomfortable. The journalist was later arrested under false accusations of theft and trespassing made by the senator towards her, and she was released only following the intervention of the Italian embassy in Romania.
Șoșoacă has also been recurrently criticized in Romanian media for her ties with Russia. The Russian state-controlled Sputnik news agency labeled her "the politician of the year 2021 in Romania". Furthermore, in March 2022, in the midst of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Șoșoacă together with 3 other parliamentarians met with the Russian ambassador in Bucharest "on the theme of the memorandum related to the Peace of Bucharest", discussing a "position of neutrality of Romania" in the invasion, without the approval for representation by the Parliament leadership. One of those parliamentarians was PSD deputy Dumitru Coarnă, who was expelled from the party shortly after the meeting. Additionally, Șoșoacă has the support of Killnet, a pro-Russia hacking group which launched in 2022 a series of cyberattacks on multiple Romanian websites.
Notes
References
1975 births
Living people
Lawyers from Bucharest
21st-century Romanian women politicians
21st-century Romanian politicians
Politicians from Bucharest
Alliance for the Union of Romanians politicians
Members of the Senate of Romania
Members of the Romanian Orthodox Church
Romanian anti-vaccination activists
COVID-19 conspiracy theorists
Far-right politics in Romania
Romanian conspiracy theorists
Euroscepticism in Romania
Marie-Noëlle Savigny (born 11 October 1957) is a French former athlete who specialized in the 100 meters hurdles.
Biography
A bronze medalist 100 meters hurdles at the 1983 Mediterranean Games, Savigny placed sixth at the 1984 Olympics, at Los Angeles, in a time of 13.28s.
Prize list
Records
Notes and references
External links
Olympic profile for Marie-Noëlle Savigny at sports-reference.com
1957 births
Living people
French female hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of France
Sportspeople from Allier
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for France
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1983 Mediterranean Games
Tusti may refer to several places in Estonia:
Tusti, Saare County, village in Estonia
Tusti, Viljandi County, village in Estonia
Pterostylis incognita, commonly known as the Sale greenhood, is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to Victoria. It has a rosette of leaves and when flowering, up to twelve crowded flowers on a stem with a rosette at the base. The type specimen was collected near Sale in 1895 but was not formally described or given a name until 2009, by which time it was presumed extinct.
Description
Pterostylis incognita, is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber. There is a rosette of between five and seven, egg-shaped leaves, each leaf long and wide at the base of the plant. Between five and twelve flowers are crowded together on a flowering spike high with three to five stem leaves wrapped around it. The flowers are long and the dorsal sepal and petals are joined to form a hood called the "galea" over the column. The galea is erect near its base then gradually curves with the tip suddenly turning downwards. The lateral sepals turn downwards and are about long, wide, cupped and joined for part of their length before ending in narrow tips about long. The labellum is about long and wide and green with a dark green appendage near its base. Flowering occurs from September to October.
Taxonomy and naming
The Sale greenhood was first formally described in 2009 by David Jones and given the name Hymenochilus incognitus from a specimen collected near Sale in 1895 by Miss M. Wise. The description was published in The Orchadian. In 2010 Gary Backhouse changed the name to Pterosylis incognita. The specific epithet (incognita) is a Latin word meaning "unknown".
Distribution and habitat
Pterostylis incognita probably grew in grassland or in grassy forest near Sale.
Conservation
No scientific collections of this species have been made for more than one hundred years and it is presumed to be extinct.
References
incognita
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Victoria (Australia)
Plants described in 2009
Extinct plants
Stephen Downing may refer to:
Stephen Downing, whose conviction for the murder of Wendy Sewell was quashed
Stephen Downing (producer), American (born Oct. 28 1938) screenwriter, producer, activist, and investigative journalist
Steve Downing (born 1950), American retired basketball player
Jeffrey B. Pine (born January 10, 1955) was Attorney General of Rhode Island from 1993-1999. Since 1999 he has been in private practice as a trial lawyer in both criminal and civil litigation.
Pine spent ten years as a criminal prosecutor in the Rhode Island Department of Attorney General prosecuting dozens of capital cases and high-profile homicides. Following the enactment of Rhode Island's Life Without Parole Statute in 1984, he was the first prosecutor to prosecute a life without parole case, in State of Rhode Island v. Raymond Lassor, who was convicted of three homicides in 1986 and was sentenced to Life Without Parole.
Pine was elected Attorney General in 1992 and was overwhelmingly reelected in 1994, receiving 76% of the vote.
As Attorney General, Pine established priorities for the Department in the areas of juvenile crime, consumer protection, domestic violence, senior protection, public corruption, health care, and multi-state public interest litigation. He oversaw the successful prosecutions of the Chief Justice of the Rhode Island Supreme Court, Thomas Fay, who was convicted of Ethics Violations; the former Governor of the State of Rhode Island, Edward DiPrete, who was convicted of bribery; four-time serial killer Craig Price; banking crisis figure Joseph Mollicone and notorious killer Christopher Hightower.
During his two terms as Attorney General the Department received numerous awards on the state and national level for its successes and achievements, including "The 1997 Elder Initiative Award" presented by the National Association of Attorneys General, recognizing the Department's many achievements in the area of Senior Protection.
Pine also was a member of the Executive Committee of the National Association of Attorneys General and served as Chair of the Eastern Region for two years.
In 1993 Pine established a statewide Task Force to Prevent Violence in Schools and a Domestic Violence Task Force. He also chaired a Task Force to Prevent the Sexual and Violent Abuse of Children, which led the charge to improve the justice system's treatment of victims of child abuse and sexual assault.
He also introduced more than 40 pieces of legislation that were passed on a bipartisan basis in the General Assembly, strengthening the laws in the areas of victim's rights, juvenile justice, domestic abuse, drunk driving and other public safety areas. Pine published a law review article on Juvenile Crime for the Roger Williams University Law Review and was cited as a national leader in the battle to end Domestic Violence.
Since 1999 Pine has successfully represented numerous individuals charged in all types of criminal cases at the State and Federal levels. Jeff has achieved both acquittals at trial and favorable resolutions for his clients at both the trial and investigative stages, including, homicide cases, all forms of capital offenses, embezzlement cases, major felonies and misdemeanors.
Pine also frequently acts as outside counsel to corporations and businesses in Rhode Island and Massachusetts who find themselves involved in government investigations and prosecutions.
Pine is a graduate of Haverford College and George Washington University Law School.
References
Rhode Island lawyers
1955 births
Living people
The French tariff of 1881 was a tariff passed by the National Assembly of the French Third Republic that became law on 7 May 1881.
The Minister of Agriculture and Commerce, , relied on the ministry's secretary, Jules Ozenne, and the general director of customs, Léon Amé, to help formulate the government's tariff policy. They wished to retain and extend the free trade policies of the Second French Empire by lowering the protectionist duties in France's general tariff to the level of the conventional tariff in France's commercial treaties. This new general tariff would then be used to negotiate trade treaties that would lower the conventional tariff.
Meaux announced the government's intention to devise a new tariff in a circular of 7 April 1875. He also appealed for the advice on tariff levels from France's chambers of commerce. 54 chambers responded, with a majority favouring replacing the ad valorem duties with fixed duties and with all of them supporting making the existing conventional tariff the new general tariff. In March 1876 Meaux ordered the Conseil supérieur du commerce to draft a bill that would determine tariff levels. In February 1877 the bill was submitted to the Chamber of Deputies: it abolished all protective duties and in the majority of duties it made the old minimum duties the maximum that could be levied. However, the Seize Mai crisis led to the bill being withdrawn.
In March 1878 the Chamber appointed a commission (under the chairmanship of Jules Ferry) to report on a tariff bill. This deliberated until March 1879. Ferry called the commission "the most complete, the most practical, the best controlled, in a word, the most serious [inquiry] that has ever taken place". Another request for input from the chambers of commerce again led to 54 responses between April and August 1878. These revealed protectionism's growing popularity since 1875, with half favouring duties higher than those desired by the government. In December 1879 the commission submitted its moderately protectionist tariff bill to the Chamber.
The debate was divided between free traders who argued for a low general tariff and a new conventional tariff, against the protectionists who favoured a prohibitive tariff if and when the commercial treaties expired. In June 1878 the Free Trade Association was founded. On 1 May 1879 the protectionists held a congress (chaired by Augustin Pouyer-Quertier) in the Grand Hotel in Paris, with over 100 delegates representing the chambers of commerce, senators, deputies and officers of the Association de l'industrie française. Both sides campaigned to win over public opinion in the propaganda war fought across the country. Pouyer-Quertier wished to convert the French farmer to protection in the hope that they would support tariffs for industry in return for tariffs for agriculture.
In the Chamber the debate on the bill started on 30 January 1880, with lobbyists from both sides congregating in Paris to influence the vote. An agreement between the industrial protectionists and the farmers' bloc to support protection broke down when the industrialists, mistrusting their agricultural allies, failed to vote for agricultural protection. In the voting on the clauses of the bill in the Chamber, the free traders achieved their main goal in defeating the higher tariffs for industrial goods favoured by the commission.
In the Senate the protectionists again dominated the commission appointed to examine the bill, with the result that their bill resembled the protectionist one drafted by the Chamber's commission. The main difference, however, reflected a renewed attempt at industrial-agricultural co-operation: this time agriculture received higher rates of protection than before. The Senate began debating the bill on 15 February 1881, with voting commencing on 19 February. Again, the industrial-agricultural alliance broke down. This time, however, it was the agriculturists who broke ranks: despite the industrialists voting for agricultural protection the agriculturists voted against the duty on textiles.
In the end, industry failed to receive the protection it campaigned for: the general tariff for manufacturers was raised by 24 per cent. and fixed at a specific level rather than ad valorem. Agriculture received less protection than industry but the agriculturists managed to raise livestock duties and they also ensured that agricultural duties could not be lowered in any future commercial treaty. Overall, the law was a victory for free traders.
Rates
The duty on wheat was 0.60 francs per 100kg; for flour 1.20 francs; butter 13 francs; cheese 8 francs; eggs 10 francs; beef and pork 3 francs; bullocks 15 francs; cows 8 francs; pigs 3 francs and wine 8 francs. Oats and barley were admitted duty free. Raw materials were either admitted duty free or subject to a small duty.
Notes
References
Percy Ashley, Modern Tariff History: Germany–United States–France (New York: Howard Fertig, 1970).
Paul Bairoch, 'European trade policy, 1815-1914', in Peter Mathias and Sidney Pollard (eds.), The Cambridge Economic History of Europe, Volume VIII: The Industrial Economies: The Development of Economic and Social Policies (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1989), pp. 1-160.
Michael Stephen Smith, Tariff Reform in France, 1860-1900 (London: Cornell University Press, 1980).
Michael Tracy, Government and Agriculture in Western Europe, 1880–1988 (London: Harvester Wheatsheaf, 1989).
1881 in France
Economic history of France
Ida Ayu Kade Devie (born 7 November 1985), better known as Kadek Devie, is an Indonesian actress. She was born in Bandung, Indonesia.
Career
She started career at entertainment in 2003, when she participated at "Gadis Sampul" election and become one of Top Guest 2003 in Aneka Yess!! Magazine, a famous magazine for teen girls in Indonesia, especially in Jakarta.
Filmography
TV Series
Cinta 2020
Indahnya Karunia-Mu
Celana Bulu Jeans
Aku Cemburu (2006)
Jangan Berhenti Mencintaiku (2005)
Senandung Masa Puber
Beningnya Cinta (2010)
Baruak gadang (2011)
TV Movie
Cowok Gue Pendek Bener
Cowok Gue Pendek Lagi
Jadikan Aku Pacarmu
Ku Kejar Cintaku ke Bandung
Kalo Cinta Ngomong Dong!
3 Pelancong Cinta
Pacar ke 17
Manajemen Cinta 17
Cinta Rasa Mocca
Kawin Gantung
Jadikan Aku Pacarmu
Kamulah Cinta
Hanna & Hilda High Heels
Buat Gue Jatuh Cinta
Cinta Tak Bersyarat
Cinta Tanpa rekayasa
Cinta Bikin Pusing
Pacar Setengah Tiang
Cinta Dikejar Jarum Jam
Cinta Anak Petinju
Bajaj Cinta Si Laura
Pacar Bayaran
Bu Lurah Idaman Hati
Endorsements
Fuji Film
Esia
Easy Splash Cologne
Fanbo (icon)
External links
Profile at Showbiz.liputan6.com
News at Showbiz.liputan6.com
1985 births
Balinese people
Indonesian Hindus
Indonesian television actresses
Living people
People from Bandung
Actresses from West Java
Divraz (, also Romanized as Dīvraz) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 393, in 95 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Broad Front (, FA) is a Chilean political coalition founded in early 2017, composed of left-wing parties and movements. Its first electoral contest was the 2017 Chilean general election, where their presidential candidate Beatriz Sánchez came third with 20% of the vote in the first round of election (she just missed getting to the second-round run-off by 3%). The Broad Front also expanded their electoral representation to 20 deputies (out of 155), 1 senator (out of 43) and 21 out of 278 Regional Councillors, thus consolidating the movement as the 'third force' in Chilean politics.
Platform and ideology
The Broad Front's Declaration of Principles states five central aims as their reasons for political action:
Promote an inclusive country, that respects the environment and safeguard social rights (such as education and healthcare).
Move away from neoliberal economic policies and towards a socialist model of development.
Create an alternative to challenge the center-left and center-right political coalitions that have ruled Chile since the end of the Pinochet regime.
Promote the unity of diverse progressive forces and ensure their political independence from corporate power.
Build a participative democracy.
Although it has the same name as the center-left coalition from Uruguay, political analysts tend to see the Broad Front as more similar to the Spanish left-wing populist party Podemos. Diverging views exist within the coalition. Some members, such as Liberal Vlado Mirosevic argued the coalition cannot be "broad" if it only includes left-leaning forces. On the other hand, presidential primary candidate Alberto Mayol highlighted the fact that a clear "leftist tradition" exists in most of the coalition members.
History
The Broad Front's origins lay in the 2011 Chilean student movement, the second biggest social protest in the country's recent history since the restoration of democracy in 1990. Student demands centered on the right to free education and led to months of school and university occupations across Chile, which continued for several years. Within the student movement, new political forces began to emerge, displacing traditional forces (such as the Communist Youth and center-left groups) at the head of high school and university unions and federations. Among them where Giorgio Jackson at the Catholic University and Gabriel Boric at the University of Chile.
In the 2014 Chilean general election, both Jackson and Boric became MPs after running as independents and defying both traditional coalitions: the center-right Chile Vamos and the center-left Nueva Mayoría (formerly, Concertación). Along with Vlado Mirosevic (Liberal Party), Jackson and Boric were currently the only Broad Front MPs at the moment of the alliance's constitution.
At early 2016, it was reported that Boric and Jackson held talks with several political and social movements in order to create a "broad left front" of anti-establishment forces, aiming to have a parliamentary list and a presidential candidate for the 2017 general elections. By August 2016, Boric's Autonomist Movement and Jackson's Democratic Revolution made a formal alliance with the Libertarian Left, New Democracy and the Humanist Party. After the October 2016 municipal elections, Jorge Sharp (from the Autonomist Movement) became the first political independent to rule Chile's third largest city: Valparaiso. Sharp's rise began as a grassroots initiative, running with several other left-wing candidates in a "citizen primary", described by The Guardian as a "quiet revolution against politics-as-usual".
In January 2017 the Broad Front was formally established by eleven political forces. Discussions began on how to choose a presidential nominee. Initially, the coalition was in favor of implementing an online referendum, but later decided in favor of participating in the legal primary process, since this would give them the chance to engage in a real electoral test and obtain national coverage at the same level as their well-established rival political coalitions. Since most of the Broad Front forces were movements lacking official status as political parties, the bloc decided to collect thousands of signatures to grant Democratic Revolution official political party status and use it to apply for the primaries. In May 2017, Democratic Revolution submitted close to 49 thousand signatures to the Electoral Service, thus qualifying for implementing primaries.
In June 2017, Constanza Valdés became the spokesperson for the Broad Front. She was the first trans spokesperson for a political organization.
The primaries took place as part of the July 2017 Chilean presidential primaries. Beatriz Sanchez, a popular journalist nominated by the majority of the Broad Front forces, obtained 67.56%, beating sociologist Alberto Mayol, who obtained 32.44%. 327,716 people voted in the Broad Front primary (a small number compared to the 1,418,138 who decided to vote for the right-wing Chile Vamos candidates).
As of September 2017 — and according to several opinion polls — Beatriz Sanchez was fighting closely with Nueva Mayoría candidate, Alejandro Guillier, to make it into the second round of and face businessman and former president Sebastián Piñera.
The Broad Front presented several candidates for the Chamber of Deputies and Regional Councils, as well as some for the Senate. Among the notable figures were (besides those currently serving as MPs at that time) former presidential candidate Tomás Hirsch, journalist Pamela Jiles, student leaders such as former FECh president Camila Rojas and several others.
Finally, in the November general election, Sánchez came third with 20% of the vote — just missing getting into the second-round by 3%. This was the best performance of any non-traditional left-wing candidate since the return to democracy. The Broad Front also expanded their electoral representation from 3 to 20 deputies, one senator and 21 Regional Counselors, thus consolidating the alliances as the "third force" of Chilean politics.
Composition
The coalition consists of five (5) political parties and movements:
References
External links
Official website
2017 establishments in Chile
Left-wing political party alliances
Political parties established in 2017
Political party alliances in Chile
Chili
In the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries, the regenten (the Dutch plural for regent) were the rulers of the Dutch Republic, the leaders of the Dutch cities or the heads of organisations (e.g. "regent of an orphanage"). Though not formally a hereditary "class", they were de facto "patricians", comparable to that ancient Roman class. Since the late Middle Ages Dutch cities had been run by the richer merchant families, who gradually formed a closed group. At first the lower-class citizens in the guilds and schutterijen could unite to form a certain counterbalance to the regenten, but in the course of the 15th century the administration of the cities and towns became oligarchical in character. From the latter part of the 17th century the regent families were able to reserve government offices to themselves via quasi-formal contractual arrangements. In practice they could only be dislodged by political upheavals, like the Orangist revolution of 1747 and the Patriot revolt of 1785.
Origins
The regenten as the cities' ruling class originated in the 13th century, arising over the course of time under the influence of several factors. Commoners managed to obtain emancipation from dependent status as serfs by making skillful use of the power struggle between the sovereign and the nobility; the result was that their towns became a new power in medieval feudal society which could ultimately be dominated by neither the sovereign nor the nobility. The nobility's and rulers' incomes were often not enough to pay their mercenaries or their own army. They therefore needed financial assistance from the up-and-coming merchant class in the growing towns. This class could thus induce the sovereigns to grant municipal charters and city rights, establishing autonomy in the regulating of the city's internal affairs.
Rise of the regenten
This newly acquired autonomy brought into being a new group of "managers" next to the sovereign's deputy, the schout, to run the city. These city councillors were often recruited from the wealthiest citizens. Medieval city-dwellers were of the opinion that the vroedschap, from which the magistrates were chosen, had to consist of (the wisest, most respected, and richest of the city's population). Men of wealth were deemed to be the people most able to guarantee the prosperity of the city. To keep the peace was in their personal interest, and because they were already rich, one could hope that they would not plunder the city coffers.
Increasing power
In the first half of the 15th century, the Burgundian dukes tightened their grip on the cities in the county of Holland (of which they had just obtained control). Philip the Good promoted the situation in which the regenten could exert a greater control over the city and her inhabitants, by diminishing the influence of the guilds. The vroedschappen were given the power to co-opt members, instead of using a more open electoral process. Members of a vroedschap were usually appointed for life, or during good behavior, whenever a vacancy arose. Similar developments took place in the other provinces.
The vroedschap was the body that nominated candidates for burgemeesters and schepenen in annual or biannual elections, by drawing up double lists from which the ducal stadtholder made a selection. These nominees were usually members of the vroedschap, though this was not a formal requirement for office. Members of the vroedschap were usually also the representatives of the cities that voted in the states of the provinces (of which there were 18 in Holland; the other cities were not represented).
These arrangements remained basically in place after the Dutch Revolt. In 1581 the Northern provinces renounced their ruler, Philip II, by the Act of Abjuration; after failed experiments with other foreign sovereigns, from 1588 on sovereignty was assumed by the provincial states and the states-general. From then on, the urban regenten were the de facto and de jure rulers of the republic.
Developments under the republic
Formally, little changed in the constitutional arrangements of the republic, compared to those of the preceding Habsburg Netherlands. For instance, though there was no more scope for the stadtholders to represent a deposed king, the new republic found a new role for them, though they now received their commissions from the sovereign provincial states. Equally, the same 18 cities made up the states that held the vote before. What changed after the revolt was the political makeup of these institutions. In most cities the old regenten were purged, and replaced with adherents to the new political order. In general, Catholic regenten were replaced with supporters of the "New Religion" (as were the Catholic members of the ridderschappen, the groups of nobles that represented the countryside in the States).
The new groups of regenten turned out to be representatives of a new economic elite that soon managed to bring about a rapid economic rise of the Netherlands, as described in Economic History of the Netherlands (1500 - 1815). In these early days access to political office was still relatively open. The new power holders belonged to the newly rich classes, but they did not represent them, nor was membership in these classes a prerequisite for office. If one speaks of a "regent class" the word "class" is therefore used in a loose sense.
The practice of co-option tended to perpetuate the same people in office in normal times. However, political upheavals could cause a wholesale replacement of the regent-elites, as had happened in the revolt years 1572-1578. Such upheavals were:
the purge of the Remonstrant regents after the coup d'état of stadtholder Maurice of Nassau in 1618
the replacement of the Orangist regents after the death of stadtholder William II, issuing into the First Stadtholderless Period
the replacement of the followers of Johan de Witt by Orangist regents in the Rampjaar 1672
the replacement of Orangist regents by their opponents after the death of stadtholder William III, issuing in the Second Stadtholderless Period
the restoration of the Stadtholderate in 1747, which brought the Orangists to power again
the Patriot revolt of 1785 and
the suppression of that revolt in 1787 by Prussian intervention
the overthrow of the Stadtholderate in 1795, which brought the Patriot regents, ousted in 1787, to power again.
To consolidate his own position, Stadtholder William III encouraged the regenten who were in power during his regime, to make mutual arrangements, in which they promised to reserve government positions for scions of allied families, the so-called contracten van correspondentie ("contracts of correspondence"). Such arrangements were also used by their opponents when those reverted to power. Such arrangements helped to close the oligarchy even more in the 18th century, which explained the increasing intensity of the partisanship between the Orangist and Republican (under various names) factions during that era.
During that century the regenten (of both factions) became more and more removed from the merchant classes, from which their forebears had come. They instead became representatives of the rentier class that came into being because of the enormous growth of the Dutch public debt as a consequence of the turn-of-the-century conflicts with France. This economic interest militated against forceful political reforms, and reforms in public finance, that would have been necessary to successfully withstand the political and economic crises that confronted the republic after 1780.
This perceived lack of capacity for reform helped to bring about the attempted revolution of 1785 and the successful revolution of 1795 that eventually helped replace the regent-oligarchy with a short-lived democracy in the first years of the Batavian Republic.
References
Sources
(1995), The Dutch Republic: Its Rise, Greatness and Fall, 1477-1806, Oxford University Press, hardback, paperback
(1998), The Dutch Republic in the Seventeenth Century, New York: St. Martin's Press, clothbound, paperback
Dutch words and phrases
Political history of the Dutch Republic
Social history of the Dutch Republic
Social history of the Netherlands
Michael McShane (born June 25, 1955) is an American actor, singer, and improvisational comedian. He appeared on the original British television show Whose Line Is It Anyway? (1988–97) and went on to appear in films such as Tucker: The Man and His Dream (1988), Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves (1991), Richie Rich (1994), and Office Space (1999). McShane has also been involved in several Disney productions, including Tom and Huck (1995), the television series Brotherly Love (1995–97), and Tower of Terror (1997). He also voiced the Revolting Slob in the Canadian-American variety television series Crashbox.
McShane voiced Marlon, Caracticus P. Doom and various other characters in Cosgrove Hall Films's Avenger Penguins (1993–94), Gareb in Todd McFarlane's Spawn (1997–99), and Quosmir in Dave The Barbarian (2004–05).
Career
McShane studied drama at San Joaquin Delta College and San Francisco State University, performing with Faultline Theatre, the San Francisco Shakespeare Festival, American Conservatory Theatre and the Eureka Theatre. McShane is also an alumnus of Los Angeles Theatresports.
McShane gained exposure in the early 1990s from semi-regular appearances on the British show Whose Line Is It Anyway?. He later appeared with fellow Whose Line players Tony Slattery in the comedy sketch show S&M and Sandi Toksvig in the sitcom The Big One.
Other TV roles include a guest appearance on Seinfeld as Kramer's nemesis Franklin Delano Romanowski (FDR). McShane played Friar Tuck in Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves in 1991, had a small role as a doomed hypnotherapist in the 1999 film Office Space, and played the friendly scientist, Professor Keenbean, in the 1994 movie Richie Rich. In 1998 he appeared in an episode of Frasier as Frank, the manager of the Shangri-La apartments. He also co-starred with Sir John Gielgud, Emily Watson and Rosemary Harris in "A Summer's Daydream" for BBC "Performance" series.
In 1995, McShane starred as Harley in the BBC Screen Two TV Movie Crazy For A Kiss, about a young boy who is sent to a mental institution for teenagers in McShane's home state of Kansas. McShane appeared in Tom and Huck as Muff Potter and on Brotherly Love as the experienced but wisecracking mechanic, Lloyd.
In 1997 he appeared in Tower of Terror, a TV movie starring Steve Guttenberg and Kirsten Dunst based on the Disney attraction, as "Q".
McShane also appeared with Dunst in the 1999 comedy film Drop Dead Gorgeous, playing a quick-tempered beauty pageant judge who serves as caretaker for his learning disabled brother.
McShane provided voice work for the anime Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust, as D's sarcastic possessed left hand. He also provided the voice of Detective Twitch in the HBO animated series Spawn. Other voice work by McShane includes the characters of Tuck and Roll, the twin pill bugs in A Bug's Life and the video game of the same name in 1998. He also provided the voice of Shalulu in Disney's redub of Castle in the Sky, and Baron Rakan Harkonnen in the 2001 strategy game Emperor: Battle for Dune. He provided the voice for Cid in the video games Final Fantasy X and Final Fantasy X-2.
McShane appeared as the voice of Audrey II (as well as playing a number of peripheral characters) in the London revival of Little Shop of Horrors at the Menier Chocolate Factory in Southwark between December 2006 and February 2007. The show was a critical success and was sold out for the duration of its run, and Mike had been contracted to continue in the role following the show's transfer to the West End at the Duke of York theatre. In September 2007 he took part in the British Library's celebration of Jack Kerouac, reading excerpts from On The Road on the 50th anniversary of its publication.
In 2008, McShane appeared as a guest performer in Paul Merton's Impro Chums, a live improv show, and was asked to join the permanent company for three UK tours, and is still ongoing with the group. and as Dr. Vaabit in episode 5 of BBC's sitcom Lab Rats, and has appeared twice on the BBC radio programme Just a Minute.
In September 2012, McShane appeared as the character Grayle in the television series Doctor Who in the series 7 episode "The Angels Take Manhattan". In November 2012, Mike starred as a CIA military consultant in BBC Three comedy series Bluestone 42. In February 2013, Mike created the role of Louis B. Mayer in the new musical "The Tailor Made Man" at The Arts Theatre in London's West End, garnering rave reviews.
On May 17, 2013, Radio 5 Live's breakfast show accidentally announced Mike McShane had died. This was following the death of Paul Shane on May 16, 2013. A retraction was issued.
In 2014, McShane was in the horror comedy film Love in the Time of Monsters. From November 2014 through March 2015, he appeared in the Stephen Sondheim musical Assassins at the Menier Chocolate Factory.
In August 2015 McShane appeared at an Edinburgh Fringe gala regarding mental health issues. At the same time he paid tribute to his friend Robin Williams. McShane said: “I worked with Robin when we were young and he came to see me backstage in the past, too. Any improviser my age or younger was inspired by him...Even with his condition he was still doing benefit gigs, making servicemen laugh and championing young acts. He would pick you up and make you feel like the exploration of your imagination and expression was a good thing. Laughter is good. It's group consensus and a release of tension.”
In 2016, McShane starred as Sam in the Western web series Red Bird.
Filmography
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
American male comedians
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American male video game actors
American male voice actors
Male actors from Boston
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
San Francisco State University alumni
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
Stenotus is a genus of plant bugs (family Miridae), containing the following species:
Stenotus aureus Linnavuori, 1975
Stenotus binotatus (Fabricius, 1794)
Stenotus bipunctatus Poppius, 1911
Stenotus bivittatus Poppius, 1915
Stenotus brauni Poppius, 1912
Stenotus brevicollis Poppius, 1915
Stenotus brevior Poppius, 1910
Stenotus capensis Poppius, 1912
Stenotus caucasicus Akramovskaya & Kerzhner, 1978
Stenotus chryseis Linnavuori, 1974
Stenotus clypealis Poppius, 1915
Stenotus distinctus Reuter, 1905
Stenotus elegans Poppius, 1912
Stenotus fasciaticollis Reuter, 1905
Stenotus fulvus Poppius, 1912
Stenotus gestroi Poppius, 1912
Stenotus hathor (Kirkaldy, 1902)
Stenotus insularis Poppius, 1915
Stenotus klepsydra Linnavuori, 1974
Stenotus lindiensis Poppius, 1912
Stenotus lineaticollis Poppius, 1914
Stenotus longiceps Poppius, 1915
Stenotus longipennis Reuter, 1905
Stenotus longulus Poppius, 1912
Stenotus marginatus Poppius, 1914
Stenotus niger Poppius, 1914
Stenotus nigroquadristriatus (Kirkaldy, 1902)
Stenotus pallidus (Reuter, 1904)
Stenotus proitos Linnavuori, 1974
Stenotus psole (Kirkaldy, 1902)
Stenotus pulcher Poppius, 1912
Stenotus pusillus Carvalho, Dutra & Becker, 1960
Stenotus pygmaeus Poppius, 1915
Stenotus pylaon (Kirkaldy, 1902)
Stenotus ruber Poppius, 1912
Stenotus rubricatum (Distant, 1904)
Stenotus rubripedes Carvalho, 1953
Stenotus rubrovittatus (Matsumura, 1913)
Stenotus rufescens Poppius, 1910
Stenotus sandaracatus (Distant, 1904)
Stenotus stramineus Poppius, 1915
Stenotus tesquorum Akramovskaya & Kerzhner, 1978
Stenotus transvaalensis (Distant, 1904)
Stenotus typicus (Distant, 1904)
Stenotus viridis (Shiraki, 1913)
Stenotus vitticollis Reuter, 1907
References
Miridae genera
Mirini
Ground beetles are a large, cosmopolitan family of beetles, the Carabidae, with more than 40,000 species worldwide, around 2,000 of which are found in North America and 2,700 in Europe. As of 2015, it is one of the 10 most species-rich animal families. They belong to the Adephaga. Members of the family are primarily carnivorous, but some members are phytophagous or omnivorous.
Description and ecology
Although their body shapes and coloring vary somewhat, most are shiny black or metallic and have ridged wing covers (elytra). The elytra are fused in some species, particularly the large Carabinae, rendering the beetles unable to fly. The species Mormolyce phyllodes is known as violin beetle due to their peculiarly shaped elytra. All carabids except the quite primitive flanged bombardier beetles (Paussinae) have a groove on their fore leg tibiae bearing a comb of hairs used for cleaning their antennae.
Defensive secretions
Typical for the ancient beetle suborder Adephaga to which they belong, they have paired pygidial glands in the lower back of the abdomen. These are well developed in ground beetles, and produce noxious or even caustic secretions used to deter would-be predators. In some, commonly known as bombardier beetles, these secretions are mixed with volatile compounds and ejected by a small combustion, producing a loud popping sound and a cloud of hot and acrid gas that can injure small mammals, such as shrews, and is liable to kill invertebrate predators outright.
To humans, getting "bombed" by a bombardier beetle is a decidedly unpleasant experience. This ability has evolved independently twice, as it seems, in the flanged bombardier beetles (Paussinae), which are among the most ancient ground beetles, and in the typical bombardier beetles (Brachininae), which are part of a more "modern" lineage. The Anthiini, though, can mechanically squirt their defensive secretions for considerable distances and are able to aim with a startling degree of accuracy; in Afrikaans, they are known as ("eye-pissers"). In one of the very few known cases of a vertebrate mimicking an arthropod, juvenile Heliobolus lugubris lizards are similar in color to the aposematic oogpister beetles, and move in a way that makes them look surprisingly similar to the insects at a casual glance.
A folk story claims that Charles Darwin once found himself on the receiving end of a bombardier beetle's attack, based on a passage in his autobiography. Darwin stated in a letter to Leonard Jenyns that a beetle had attacked him on that occasion, but he did not know what kind:
A Cychrus rostratus once squirted into my eye & gave me extreme pain; & I must tell you what happened to me on the banks of the Cam in my early entomological days; under a piece of bark I found two carabi (I forget which) & caught one in each hand, when lo & behold I saw a sacred Panagæus crux major; I could not bear to give up either of my Carabi, & to lose Panagæus was out of the question, so that in despair I gently seized one of the carabi between my teeth, when to my unspeakable disgust & pain the little inconsiderate beast squirted his acid down my throat & I lost both Carabi & Panagæus!
Ecology
Common habitats are under the bark of trees, under logs, or among rocks or sand by the edge of ponds and rivers. Most species are carnivorous and actively hunt for any invertebrate prey they can overpower. Some run swiftly to catch their prey; tiger beetles (Cicindelinae) can sustain speeds of – in relation to their body length they are among the fastest land animals on Earth. Unlike most Carabidae, which are nocturnal, the tiger beetles are active diurnal hunters and often brightly coloured; they have large eyes and hunt by sight. Ground beetles of the species Promecognathus laevissimus are specialised predators of the cyanide millipede Harpaphe haydeniana, countering the hydrogen cyanide that makes these millipedes poisonous to most carnivores.
Relationship with humans
As predators of invertebrates, including many pests, most ground beetles are considered beneficial organisms. The caterpillar hunters (Calosoma) are famous for their habit of devouring prey in quantity, eagerly feeding on tussock moth (Lymantriidae) caterpillars, processionary caterpillars (Thaumetopoeidae) and woolly worms (Arctiidae), which, due to their urticating hairs, are avoided by most insectivores. Large numbers of the forest caterpillar hunter (C. sycophanta), native to Europe, were shipped to New England for biological control of the gypsy moth (Lymantria dispar) as early as 1905.
A few species are nuisance pests. Zabrus is one of the few herbivorous ground beetle genera, and on rare occasions Zabrus tenebrioides, for example, occurs abundantly enough to cause some damage to grain crops. Large species, usually the Carabinae, can become a nuisance if present in large numbers, particularly during outdoor activities such as camping; they void their defensive secretions when threatened, and in hiding among provisions, their presence may spoil food. Since ground beetles are generally reluctant or even unable to fly, mechanically blocking their potential routes of entry is usually easy. The use of insecticides specifically for carabid intrusion may lead to unfortunate side effects, such as the release of their secretions, so it generally is not a good idea unless the same applications are intended to exclude ants, parasites or other crawling pests.
Especially in the 19th century and to a lesser extent today, their large size and conspicuous coloration, as well as the odd morphology of some (e.g. the Lebiini), made many grounds beetles a popular object of collection and study for professional and amateur coleopterologists. High prices were paid for rare and exotic specimens, and in the early to mid-19th century, a veritable "beetle craze" occurred in England. As mentioned above, Charles Darwin was an ardent collector of beetles when he was about 20 years old, to the extent that he would rather scour the countryside for rare specimens with William Darwin Fox, John Stevens Henslow, and Henry Thompson than to study theology as his father wanted him to do. In his autobiography, he fondly recalled his experiences with Licinus and Panagaeus, and wrote:
No poet ever felt more delight at seeing his first poem published than I did at seeing in Stephen's Illustrations of British Insects the magic words, "captured by C. Darwin, Esq."
Evolution and systematics
The Adephaga are documented since the end of the Permian, about (Mya). Ground beetles evolved in the latter Triassic, having separated from their closest relatives by 200 Mya. The family diversified throughout the Jurassic, and the more advanced lineages, such as the Harpalinae, underwent a vigorous radiation starting in the Cretaceous. The closest living relatives of the ground beetles are the false ground beetles (Trachypachidae) and the wrinkled bark beetles (Rhysodidae). They are sometimes even included in the Carabidae as subfamilies or as tribes incertae sedis, but more preferably they are united with the ground beetles in the superfamily Caraboidea.
Much research has been done on elucidating the phylogeny of the ground beetles and adjusting systematics and taxonomy accordingly. While no completely firm consensus exists, a few points are generally accepted: The ground beetles seemingly consist of a number of more basal lineages and the extremely diverse Harpalinae, which contain over half the described species and into which several formerly independent families had to be subsumed.
Subfamilies and selected genera
The taxonomy used here is based on the Catalogue of Palaearctic Coleoptera and the Carabidae of the World Database. Other classifications, while generally agreeing with the division into a basal radiation of more primitive lineages and the more advanced group informally called "Carabidae Conjunctae", differ in details. For example, the system used by the Tree of Life Web Project makes little use of subfamilies, listing most tribes as incertae sedis as to subfamily. Fauna Europaea, though, splits rather than lumps the Harpalinae, restricting them to what in the system used here is the tribe Harpalini.
All the approaches mentioned above are legitimate, as they agree with the phylogeny as far as it has been resolved. The inclusive Harpalinae presented here are used for two reasons, one scientific and one practical – first, the majority of authors presently use this system, following the Catalogue of Palaearctic Coleoptera. Second, the MediaWiki markup cannot at present adequately represent the relationships of the ground beetle subgroups in detail if the restricted view of the Harpalinae is chosen.
Basal ground beetles
Carabinae Latreille, 1802 – including Agoninae and Callistinae
Altagonum
Aplothorax (monotypic genus)
Calosoma - including Callisthenes
Carabus
Cychrus
Homothes
Fortagonum
Laemostenus
Notagonum
Cicindelinae – tiger beetles (roughly 2,600 species; sometimes included in the Carabidae)
Cicindinae
Elaphrinae Latreille, 1802
Blethisa
Diacheila Motschulsky, 1844
Elaphrus
Hiletinae
Loricerinae Bonelli, 1810
Loricera
Migadopinae
Nebriinae (includes Notiophilinae, often included in Carabinae)
Leistus
Nebria
Notiophilus
Pelophila Dejean, 1821
Nippononebria
Nototylinae
Omophroninae Bonelli, 1810 – round sand beetles
Omophron
Paussinae – ant nest beetles, flanged bombardier beetles
Promecognathinae
Scaritinae Bonelli, 1810 – pedunculate ground beetles
Clivina
Dyschirius Bonelli, 1810
Scarites
Siagoninae Bonelli, 1810
Carabidae Conjunctae
Amblytelinae Sloane, 1898
Amblytelus
Apotominae
Brachininae – typical bombardier beetles
Broscinae
Dryptinae (sometimes in Harpalinae)
Gineminae (sometimes in Harpalinae)
Harpalinae (over 20,000 species)
Lebiinae – including Cyclosominae, Mormolycinae, Odacanthinae, Perigoninae (sometimes in Harpalinae)
Licininae – including Chlaeniinae, Oodinae (sometimes in Harpalinae)
Melaeninae
Migadopinae
Orthogoniinae (sometimes in Harpalinae)
Panagaeinae (sometimes in Harpalinae)
Platyninae (sometimes in Harpalinae)
Pseudomorphinae (sometimes in Harpalinae)
Psydrinae
Pterostichinae – including Zabrinae (sometimes in Harpalinae)
Trechinae – including Bembidiinae, Patrobinae
Tribes incertae sedis
Amarotypini – Migadopinae or a distinct subfamily?
Gehringiini – Psydrinae, Trechinae, or a distinct subfamily?
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Carabidae of the World
Sehikhpura Kothi, currently leased and operated as WelcomHeritage Sheikhpura Kothi, is an heritage building. It was built in 1924 by American architect Dinkelberg for the family of Sir Chhaju Ram Lamba the Jat Zamindar and businessman from Alakhpura, and later leased it to WelcomHeritage Hotels for its current operation as a heritage hotel.
It was ranked as the 2nd best hotel in Hisar by TripAdvisor in 2012. It is west of Delhi and north-east of center of Hansi, on the Hansi-Ugalan road off NH9 Hansi bypass, a few hundred meters from the intersection of NH9 and NH12.
History
It was built in 1924 by American architect Dinkelberg for the family of Sir Chhaju Ram Lamba the Jat Zamindar and businessman from Alakhpura. It was later leased it to WelcomHeritage Hotels for its current operation as a heritage hotel.
Facilities
The hotel has seven rooms and suites, a common room, restaurant, and conference room, and open air gathering for over a thousand people. It arranges excursions to nearby places of interest.
Recognition
2nd Best Hotel in Hisar by TripAdvisor (2012)
References
External links
Google map of Delhi to Sheikhupura Kothi
Museums in Haryana
Buildings and structures in Hisar district
Hotels in India
Hajla e Shkrelit is a mountain in Kosovo and Montenegro. It reaches a height of and is part of the Hajla mountain in the Prokletije. Its location in the Hajla mountain is in the far west.
Notes and references
Notes:
References:
Mountains of Kosovo
Mountains of Montenegro
Accursed Mountains
Two-thousanders of Kosovo
Two-thousanders of Montenegro
Chamitataxus is a prehistoric badger genus. Chamitataxus avitus is the only known species of the genus. Chamitataxus lived during the Late Miocene, around 6 million years ago in what is now North America. Out of the three taxideine badger genera to have existed on the continent, Chamitataxus is the most primitive. Very few taxideine badger remains have been uncovered to date, with only prehistoric Taxidea and Pliotaxidea specimens being discovered prior to the Chamitataxus holotype being found.
Description
Chamitataxus is known only from a single holotype found in 1935, which consists of a nearly complete skull. The holotype was discovered in a quarry not far from Lyden, New Mexico, where the prehistoric herbivore Osbornoceros was also discovered. Chamitataxus was named after the rock formation it was discovered in, the Chamita Formation. Due to the relative lack of Chamitataxus specimens, much of the research into the genus is based upon research into better-represented taxa related to Chamitataxus, such as Taxidea, the modern American badger, which also existed in the Late Miocene.
Chamitataxus was fairly similar to its modern-day relatives in most respects; it was a carnivore and judging from the skull found, it looked fairly similar. However, because so little of Chamitataxus has been found, estimating its size and other features is impossible; much is unknown about the genus. Chamitataxus had a very good sense of smell and had a firm grip like its modern equivalent and this enabled Chamitataxus to kill burrowing animals with a bite to the neck. Like other mammals, Chamitataxus excelled at hearing low-frequency noises, which it could hear at a long distance. Overall, Chamitataxus was an expert hunter based on scientists' findings, and was able to prey on many different types of land-dwelling creatures during the Miocene.
References
Badgers
Miocene mustelids
Miocene carnivorans
Miocene mammals of North America
Prehistoric mustelids
Extinct animals of the United States
Miocene genus first appearances
Miocene genus extinctions
Fossil taxa described in 2006
Prehistoric carnivoran genera
Iván Raña Fuentes (born 10 June 1979) is a Spanish triathlete and the winner of three medals in the World Triathlon Championships between the years of 2002-2004. He also has won three medals at the European League Triathlon as well, between the years of 2001-2003.
He competed in three Olympics as well: Sydney in 2000, Athens in 2004, and Beijing in 2008, where he won two Olympic Diplomas for fifth place in both Sydney and Beijing.
Athletic career
Raña participated in the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He took fifth place with a total time of 1:49:10.88.
In 2002 when he won world, European and national titles. His world championship win in Cancún, Mexico, was Spain's first gold medal in the event. The next year he came home second at the world championships behind Australia's Peter Robertson and he had to settle for silver earlier this year as well. In 2004, at the world champs in Madeira, Raña came home less than a second behind Kiwi Docherty. At the 2004 Summer Olympics, Raña dropped to a disappointing twenty-third place with a time of 1:55:44.27. However, he competed again at the 2008 Summer Olympics where he took fifth place with a time of 1:49:22.03.
Cycling and other sports
Occasionally, Raña has participated in some rally car races, having his brother José as his copilot. The tandem drives a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution during the races. One of the competitions that he has participated in is called the Rally Botafumeiro, which was the scoring event for the Gallego Rally Championships in 2007, 2009, and 2010.
In December 2008, he signed a one-year-deal with the professional cycling team Xacobeo-Galicia and during the first stage of his first race, the Mallorca Challenge, he was involved in a substantial fall, which resulted in a dislocated collarbone. After reflecting on his athletic career, Raña decided to return to the triathlon in December 2009 with the ambition of competing in the London Olympics in 2012.
References
1979 births
Living people
Spanish male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Spain
Sportspeople from Galicia (Spain)
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
USA-90, also known as GPS IIA-10, GPS II-19 and GPS SVN-31, was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System. It was the tenth of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-90 was launched at 03:09:00 UTC on 30 March 1993, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D219, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-90 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 2 May 1993, USA-90 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.96 minutes, and 54.9° of inclination to the equator. It broadcast PRN 31, and operated in slot 3 of plane C of the GPS constellation. The satellite had a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years, and ceased operations on 24 October 2005.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1993
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Central Tzoumerka () is a municipality in the Arta regional unit, Epirus, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the village Vourgareli. The municipality has an area of 509.231 km2. The municipality is named after the Tzoumerka mountains.
Municipality
The municipality Central Tzoumerka was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 4 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Agnanta
Athamania
Melissourgoi
Theodoriana
References
Populated places in Arta (regional unit)
Municipalities of Epirus (region)
Pahna (, also Romanized as Pahnā) is a village in Zayandeh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Ben County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 324, in 80 families. The village is populated by Turkic people.
References
Populated places in Ben County
EM Legend (EML) (Chinese: 峨眉传奇; pinyin: Éméi Chuánqí), is a Kickboxing and Muaythai fight promotion headquartered in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China.
The first event was held in Emei, China on June 6th, 2014. In the first 5 years, EML organized more than 42 fighting events in China, Great Britain, New Zealand, Hungary and Thailand. EML has also co-hosted events with other promotions like Topking World Series, Thai Fight, King in the Ring, Superfight Series and Superfight Series Hungary.
In 2020, EML organized three main fighting events, EM Legend 42 - Lingfen Station on January 5th, EM Legend - Kangding Station on September 26th, and then EM Legend 43 - Guanghan Station on November 28th. The second event was held in Kangding (Chinese: 康定), a city located in the eastern part of the Gangzi Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Sichuan Province.
Events
References
Kickboxing organizations
Professional Muay Thai organizations
Sports organizations of China
Organizations based in Chengdu
CEPP is an acronym for the name of a chemotherapy regimen that is intended for treatment of aggressive non-Hodgkin lymphomas. Unlike CHOP, this chemotherapy regimen does not contain doxorubicin or any other anthracycline. Thus, it can be used in patients with severe cardiovascular diseases and contraindications for doxorubicin-containing regimens. There are 2 modifications of CEPP - with the addition of bleomycin, called CEPP (B), and without bleomycin - ordinary CEPP.
This regimen also does not contain vincristine and can be used in patients with neuropathy.
In combination with anti-CD20, monoclonal, antibody, and rituximab. this regimen is called R-CEPP(B).
[R]-CEPP(B) regimen consists of:
- a monoclonal antibody that is able to kill CD20-positive B cells, either normal or malignant;
(C)yclophosphamide - an alkylating antineoplastic agent;
- a topoisomerase inhibitor from the epipodophyllotoxin group;
- an alkylating antineoplastic agent;
or - a glucocorticoid hormone that has the ability to cause apoptosis and lysis of lymphocytes, either normal or malignant;
- an antitumor antibiotic.
Dosing regimen
References
Chemotherapy regimens used in lymphoma
Isseke is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 13,402 people in the ward, from 12,214 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
The fiery-throated fruiteater (Pipreola chlorolepidota) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat destruction of its rainforest habitat.
Description
At just , the fiery-throated fruiteater is the smallest species in the genus. The adult male has a bright green head and upper parts except for the tips of the tertial wing feathers which are white. The throat and chest are bright orangish-red, contrasting with the rest of the underparts which are green, the midbelly being tinged with yellow. The upper parts of the adult female are similar to those of the male, the breast is green and the belly is barred with green and yellow. In both sexes, the iris is pale grey, the beak pinkish-orange with a dark tip, and the legs orange. This bird might be confused with the scarlet-breasted fruiteater (Pipreola frontalis) but that species is larger and the belly of the male is less green.
Distribution and habitat
The fiery-throated fruiteater is found in humid tropical forests on the eastern slopes of the Andes. Its range extends from southern Colombia, through Ecuador to northern Peru, and its altitudinal range is from above sea level, although it has been observed at Cerros del Sira, in the Ucayali Region of Peru, at around .
Status
The forests on the foothills of the Andes in Colombia, Ecuador and Peru are under pressure from tea and coffee farmers, cattle ranchers, loggers, miners and oil explorers. The fiery-throated fruiteater is an uncommon species with a patchy distribution across its wide range. It is present in the Sangay National Park in Ecuador where the natural forest should be preserved, but elsewhere its population trend is thought to be downwards, so the international Union for Conservation of Nature has rated it as being the least concern.
References
fiery-throated fruiteater
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
fiery-throated fruiteater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dammtor is a zone (Ort) of the German city of Hamburg, situated between the quarters of Rotherbaum (in the borough of Eimsbüttel) and Neustadt (in the borough of Mitte).
History
Originally, the Dammthor was a city gate between the Altstadt (Old town) and the Neustadt (New town). In 1866, before the opening of the Hamburg-Altona railway, the city opened a railway station at Dammtordamm, replaced in 1903 by the actual Hamburg Dammtor station.
Geography
Dammtor is situated in the middle of Hamburg, close to the Außenalster lake and to the central railway station. Its area includes the parks of Moorweide, Gustav-Mahler-Park (with a Multiplex Cinema) and the old entrance of Planten un Blomen (with the Old botanical garden).
Other notable infrastructures located in Dammtor are the rail station, the Stephansplatz, the main building of the University of Hamburg, the Congress Center, the Radisson SAS Hotel and the war memorial. Regarding the urban transport the area is served both by S-Bahn (by Dammtor station) and U-Bahn (by Stephansplatz station).
Photogallery
External links
Zones of Hamburg
Geography of Hamburg
This is a list of the former Latvian commanders, which also includes the Latvian officers who have served in the Imperial Russian Army, Wehrmacht, Waffen SS and the military commanders, who have retired since the restoration of the Republic of Latvia in 1991:
Superior officers
Generals and Admirals
Andrejs Auzāns (1871-1953)
Žanis Bahs (1885-1941)
Jānis Balodis (1881-1965)
Jezups Baško (1886-1946)
Krišjānis Berķis (1884-1942)
Ludvigs Bolšteins (1888-1940)
Alberts Brambats (1881-1943)
Andrejs Bubinduss (1891-1942)
Hermanis Buks (1896-1942)
Jānis Buivids (1864-1937)
Arturs Dālbergs (1896-1941)
Roberts Dambītis (1881-1957)
Oskars Dankers (1883-1965)
Arturs Dannebergs (1891-1941)
Nikolajs Dūze (1891-1951)
Jānis Ezeriņš (1894-1944)
Jānis Francis (1877-1956)
Oto Grosbarts (1895-1944)
Mārtiņš Hartmanis (1882-1941)
Jānis Teodors Indāns (1895-1941)
Martiņš Jeske (1883-1941)
Aleksandrs Kalējs (1876-1934)
Bruno Kalniņš (1899-1990)
Eduards Kalniņš (1876-1964)
Roberts Klaviņš (1885-1941)
Rūdolfs Klinsons (1889-1941)
Andrejs Krustiņš (1884-1941)
Jānis Kurelis (1882-1954)
Arvīds Kurše (1896-1953)
Jānis Lavenieks (1890-1969)
Jānis Liepiņš (general) (1894-1942)
Augusts Ernests Misiņš (1863-1940)
Kārlis Prauls (1895-1941)
Mārtiņš Peniķis (1874-1964)
Hugo Rozenšteins (1892-1941)
Voldemārs Johans Skaistlauks (1892-1972)
Vilis Spandegs (1890-1941)
Teodors Spāde (1891 - 1970)
Verners Tepfers (1893-1958)
Oto Ūdentiņš (1892-1988)
Fricis Virsaitis (1892-1943)
Lieutenant Generals and Vice Admirals
Rūdolfs Bangerskis (1878 - 1958)
Raimonds Graube (1957-)
Major Generals and Rear Admirals
Juris Maklakovs (1964-)
Brigadier-Generals and Commodores
Kārlis Krēsliņš (1945-)
Senior officers
Colonels and Captens
Kārlis Aperāts (1892 - 1944)
Fridrihs Briedis (1888 - 1918)
Vilis Janums (1894 - 1981)
Oskars Kalpaks (1882 – 1919)
Kārlis Lobe (1895 - 1985)
Voldemārs Ozols (1884 - 1949)
Jorģis Zemitāns (1873 - 1928)
Lieutenant Colonels and Commanders
Nikolajs Galdiņš (1902 - 1945)
Voldemārs Veiss (1899 - 1944)
Majors and Lieutenant Commanders
Voldemārs Reinholds (1903 - 1986)
Junior Officers
Captens and Lieutenants
Miervaldis Adamsons (1910 - 1946)
Žanis Butkus (1906 - 1999)
Roberts Ancāns (1919 - 1982)
Roberts Gaigals (1913 - 1982)
Oskars Perro (1918 - 2003)
Aleksandrs Grīns (1895 - 1941)
See also
Military of Latvia
List of Latvian commanders
Military of Lithuania
List of former Lithuanian commanders
List of Lithuanian commanders
Military of Estonia
List of former Estonian commanders
List of Estonian commanders
Notable fighter pilots
Notes and references
Military of Latvia
National Lampoon White Album is an American album of humorous songs and spoken word skits. It was originally released as a vinyl record and cassette tape in 1980, but it was reissued and is still available as a CD. It was written and performed by people associated with National Lampoon magazine and its related productions.
Most of the tracks were by comedians who were not very well known, but the track Hollywood Gay Alliance (which originally aired on the National Lampoon Radio Hour in 1974) featured John Belushi, Chevy Chase, and Christopher Guest.
The musicians who played on the album were Tony Scheuren (vocals, guitar); Michael Simmons, Rhonda Coullet, Rory Dodd (vocals); Don Sarlin, Steve Burgh (guitar); Harvey Shapiro (steel guitar); Curtis Fields (saxophone); Paul Jacobs, Bruce Foster (keyboards); Barry Lazarowitz, Michael Finkelstein, and Yogi Horton (drums).
Track listing
Perrier Junkie
At the Bar
What is God?
Fartman
Discoleptic
Steak
The Sounds of Physical Love
Gay Alliance
Robert Caucasian vs. Squab
What about Reupholsterers?
Shakespeare Knock Knocks
Nude Figure Model
Couple at the Door
Christopher Street
California Hot Tub
What Turns Women On
What Were You Expecting - Rock and Roll?
References
National Lampoon albums
1980 albums
1980s comedy albums
Louisville National Medical College was a historically Black medical school in the United States, located in Louisville, Kentucky. At the time it was founded, there were four other medical schools in Louisville. The first graduate of the medical school was a woman.
History
Louisville National Medical College obtained a charter from the Kentucky state legislature in 1888 because none of the other four medical schools located in Louisville accepted Black students. The medical school was founded by Dr. William Henry Fitzbutler (1842–1901), the first African American medical school graduate from the University of Michigan School of Medicine and the Detroit Medical College (today the Wayne State University School of Medicine). Fitzbutler's wife, Sarah Helen McCurdy, was the medical school's first woman graduate. Fitzbutler was the medical college's Dean, Chair of Surgery, and Chair of Materia Medica. The medical college was co-founded by W. A. Burney. Rufus Conrad operated the medical college after Fitzbutler died in 1901.
According to the Flexner Report, the medical school was the cleanest and best run in the country; however, the same report also described it as ineffectual, and wrote that "the negro must be educated not just for his sake, but ours".
Initially, lectures were held at the United Brothers of Friendship Hall on Ninth and Magazine Streets (building no longer exists), later moving to Green Street (later renamed Liberty Street).
The medical school operated its own hospital, Louisville Hospital, located next to the school on Madison Street in Louisville, Kentucky. The medical school graduated 175 African American medical students. Conflicting reports are that 150 graduated.
The medical school merged with Simmons University in 1907 and closed in 1912. The Louisville Hospital did not close in 1912 but was renamed Simmons Nursing Department.
Founders
The medical college was founded by William Henry Fitzbutler and his wife Sarah McCurdy Fitzbutler. At a young age, Fitzbutler excelled at academics and was intrigued in medicine. He gained inspiration from different books about medicine and after marrying Sarah McCurdy, became the first African-American graduate of the Detroit Medical College. He continued at the University of Michigan School of Medicine. Afterwards, he moved to Louisville with his wife and children.
Louisville had no African-American physicians but there were lots of African-Americans that could not be served. Therefore, he thrived as the first African-American physician at Louisville. Advocating for equality in many other aspects of his life, Fitzbutler secured approval to organize a medical school which would accept African-Americans, the Louisville National Medical College. It became the best African-American medical college and was also entirely owned and operated only by African Americans. His wife, Sarah, attended this school and became the first graduate. After Henry passed away, she continued leadership in the Louisville National Medical College until its closure in 1912. Although they left a legacy in the medicine field for African-Americans, they still endured many hardships many of which stemmed from racism. Nonetheless, both partners became crucial in creating an influential and creative community that forces for progress, education, human rights, and medical care for all. They left a legacy in the medicine field for African-Americans.
Outcome
The medical college was beneficial in accelerating progress toward the achievement of healthcare for African Americans. It served as the catalyst for the other medical colleges that opened up for African-Americans in Louisville.
References
Medical schools in Kentucky
Universities and colleges in Louisville, Kentucky
Simmons College of Kentucky
Historically black universities and colleges in the United States
Universities established in the 19th century
1888 establishments in Kentucky
1912 disestablishments in Kentucky
Defunct schools in Louisville, Kentucky
Avian Botulism is a strain of botulism that affects wild and captive bird populations, most notably waterfowl. This is a paralytic disease brought on by the Botulinum neurotoxin (BoNt) of the bacterium Clostridium botulinum. C. botulinum can fall into one of 7 different types which are strains A through G. Type C BoNt is most frequently associated with waterfowl mortality. The Type E strain is also commonly associated with avian outbreaks and is frequently found in fish species which is why most outbreaks occur in piscivorous birds.
Avian Botulism occurs all over the world and its understanding is important for wildlife managers, hunters, bird watchers, and anyone who owns wetland property as this disease can account for over 1,000,000 waterbird deaths in a year.
Prevalence and distribution
Avian botulism occurs all over the world and is especially predominant in North American wetlands. The degree of avian botulism outbreaks in populations is largely determined by how favorable conditions are for C. botulinum. Ideal conditions for the presence of the BoNt carrying bacterium consist of low-oxygen, high-protein available substrate. This is common of shallow and stagnant waterways. Other factors such as pH and temperature, as well as a likely number of unknown factors contribute to the prevalence of outbreaks. Geographic locations with great amounts of this habitat can be assumed to have a greater number of outbreaks. Notable locations include the Great Lakes, North Dakota, Japan, South Korea, and Saskatchewan. While this is frequently the trend there is also evidence of BoNt outbreaks in well-oxygenated lakes with low temperatures. Furthermore, ideal habitats like those described do not all feature avian botulism in their waterfowl populations which supports there are still unknown factors at play. In recent time, nearly 18000 migratory birds had fallen victim to this disease in India. The mass mortality has been reported in 2019 from Sambhar Lake, Rajasthan, which is also a Ramsar site.
Transmission
Avian botulism is not contagious in that it is not spread from bird to bird. Instead it is spread to birds through their consumptions of maggots infected with the toxin. Maggots become infected by feeding on substrates and organic material that host the Type C BoNt. Huge die offs caused by BoNt are the result of this maggot cycle. When an infected bird dies the maggots that feed off of it become infected themselves. These maggots are in turn consumed by additional birds. Thus with every infected carcass brings several infected maggots which increases the number of birds that can contract the disease. In this way massive outbreaks can occur.
Clinical signs
The botulinum neurotoxin is lethal because it causes paralysis. Field identification involves locating birds showing flaccidity in the legs, wings and neck, as well as the presence of protuberant nictitating membrane. The presence of several dozen, or even hundreds, of fresh waterbird carcasses is the stereotypical sign an outbreak has occurred. In this case the specimens need to be taken to disease laboratory to determine the cause of mortality. Most commonly, detection of C. botulinum in carcasses during lab work is accomplished through analysis of polymerase chain reactions (PCR) and is often the most successful method.
Prevention and control
The presence of avian botulism is extremely hard to detect before an outbreak. Frequent surveillance of sites at risk is needed for early detection of the disease in order to take action and remove carcasses. Vaccines are also developed, but they are expected to have limited effectiveness in stemming outbreaks in wild waterbird populations. However may be effective in reducing mortality for endangered island waterfowl and small non-migratory wild populations. Field tests are needed.
References
Bird diseases
Tuppy Ngintja Goodwin (born 1952) is an Aboriginal Australian artist from South Australia. She is a painter, and director of Mimili Maku Arts.
Early life
Goodwin is a Pitjantjatjara woman from Mimili in the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in the remote north-west of South Australia. She was born in Bumbali Creek (her father's Country) and she came to Mimili as a baby, when it was still a cattle station called Everard Park. A number of her siblings are also artists, including Robin Kankapankatja and Margaret Dodd.
Career
Goodwin spent much of her life working at the Mimili Anangu School as a pre-school teacher and retired in 2009.
Art practice
Goodwin is a painter working with Mimili Maku Arts where she is a director and, through her work and dance, is committed to fostering traditional law and culture.
She has been painting with Mimili Maku Arts since 2010 and, like many others at the centre, paints her Tjukurrpa (Dreaming). Her work has a particular focus on Antara, a sacred rockhole at Bumbali Creek and a site where the women of the area perform inmaku pakani; a dance ceremony where the women would paint their bodies in red ochre. Goodwin also paints Tjala (Honey Ant) Dreaming
Goodwin's paintings have a distinct style that has resulted in great success, with fluid brushstrokes overlaying solid masses of colour that bring texture to the canvas.
Recognition
She was a finalist in the 2010 Telstra Aboriginal and Torres Strait Art Awards held in Darwin, Northern Territory.
In 2020 her acrylic painting painting on linen, Antara (2018), was a finalist in the John Leslie Art Prize at Gippsland Art Gallery in Sale, Victoria.
Collections
Goodwin's work is held in many important collections including: Art Gallery of New South Wales, Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory, National Gallery of Australia, National Gallery of Victoria and the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
Personal life
Goodwin's late husband was Kunmanara (Mumu Mike) Williams (1952–2019).
References
Artists from South Australia
Australian Aboriginal artists
Australian women artists
1950s births
Living people
Woodworthia is a genus of geckos in the family Diplodactylidae endemic to New Zealand. It includes three species: All species are native to New Zealand.
Woodworthia brunnea – Canterbury gecko
Woodworthia chrysosiretica – gold-striped gecko, gold-stripe gecko, or golden sticky-toed gecko
Woodworthia maculata – New Zealand common gecko or Raukawa gecko
References
Reptiles of New Zealand
Lizard genera
Taxa named by Samuel Garman
Yu Jing (; ; born 29 May 1985) is a Chinese long-track speed-skater who specializes in the sprint distances. She became the World Sprint Champion in 2012, setting world records in both the sprint combination and the 500 metres. She held the world record in the sprint combination until Heather Richardson bettered it in January 2013, and the world record in 500 metres until Lee Sang-hwa broke it in November 2013. The time, 36.94 seconds, was the Chinese record until broken by Wang Beixing in November 2013.
Career
Yu Jing made her World Cup debut at the Changchun meeting in 2008, after winning a gold and a bronze at the Asian Championships the year before. Already a week later, Yu won her first World Cup victory in the 500 m at Nagano, and a second-place in the 1000 m. During the 2009 World Sprint Championships in Moscow, she managed to secure a bronze medal. The rest of the season, she raced consistently and acquired multiple podium places in the World Cup, but there were no more victories. In the World Cup total, Yu placed 5th in the 500 m and 9th in the 1000 m. At the 2009 World Single Distance Championships in Richmond, Yu missed the podium in both the 500 m and 1000 m events, finishing 4th and 12th, respectively.
Her next season at the top level was a lot less fruitful than the first. In the World Cup, she was struggling to copy the results of her first year, and at the end of the season, she was never anywhere near reaching the podium. At the 2010 World Sprint Championships in Obihiro, Yu finished 6th. Yu also represented China at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, but finished a disappointing 32nd in the 1000 m.
In the 2010–11 season, Yu returned as a force to be reckoned with and was on the podium three times in the 500 m World Cup stops in Changchun and Obihiro in December 2010. She chose not to compete anymore in the World Cup in order to concentrate on the 2011 Asian Winter Games in Astana, starting in the end of January 2011. The gamble turned out to be successful, and on 1 February, she managed to take the gold medal in the 500 m event, beating Wang Beixing and Lee Sang-hwa.
When the World Cup circuit started again in the fall of 2011, Yu began to dominate in the 500 m. At the first meeting in Chelyabinsk, she won both of the races over that distance, each time with a winning margin over 0.4 seconds. After skipping the second meeting in Astana, she likewise went on to triumph in both 500 m races in Heerenveen and also gained a second place in the 1000 m. Obviously, she could be a major contender for the 2012 World Sprint Championships in Calgary, and perhaps the only one capable of challenging the reigning champion, Christine Nesbitt.
On the first day of the championships, Yu had technical trouble in the 500 m and finished a disappointing 7th there, as well as gaining a respectable 4th spot in the 1000 m. After the first day of racing, she was in the fifth position, 0.665 points behind Nesbitt, who had set a world record in the 1000 m and looked like the clear favorite. On the second 500 m, Yu was paired with the then-current world record holder Jenny Wolf, but raced phenomenally, and passed the finishing line setting the time 36.94, thereby snatching the world record and becoming the first woman ever to skate a 500 m in under 37 seconds. She also overtook Nesbitt as the leader of the championships, though having a slim lead of 0.57 seconds before the final 1000 m, where the two would face each other in the final pair. There, Yu started aggressively and had the lead over Nesbitt after 200 m and 600 m. As expected, Nesbitt had the better last round and went on to win this distance, but she only managed beat Yu with 0.54 seconds. Yu finished with the time 1.13.47, and cut her personal best with over a second. In the end, Yu became the world champion by only 0.02 point margin, and also set the world record in the sprint combined.
Records
Personal records
World records
References
External links
Yu Jing at SpeedSkatingNews.info
1985 births
Chinese female speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of China
Living people
Asian Games medalists in speed skating
Speed skaters at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Speed skaters at the 2017 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
World Single Distances Speed Skating Championships medalists
World Sprint Speed Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in speed skating
Universiade gold medalists for China
Universiade silver medalists for China
Universiade bronze medalists for China
Speed skaters at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Medalists at the 2007 Winter Universiade
This is a list of best-selling albums in the United States of the Nielsen SoundScan era. SoundScan began tracking sales data for Billboard on March 1, 1991. SoundScan data is unrelated to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) certifications, and is based on actual sales while
the RIAA's certification process is based on shipments.
Best-sellers (overall)
Best-selling albums by decade
1991–1999
2000–2009
2010–2019
Best-selling albums by year
The following list includes the annual best-selling albums since 1991, as reported by MRC Data (formerly Nielsen SoundScan). For albums released after 2015, the best-performing album of the year is determined by album-equivalent units consisted of album sales, digital songs sales, and on-demand streaming, while the best-selling album is determined by album sales only.
Single week best-sellers
The first album in history to sell a million copies or more in a week is the soundtrack of The Bodyguard by Whitney Houston in 1992; the last album to do so is Reputation by Taylor Swift in 2017. The following is a list of all of the albums that sold at least one million copies in a single week:
See also
Album era
List of best-selling albums in the United States
List of best-selling albums by year in the United States
References
Footnotes
Notes
United States, Nielsen SoundScan tracking
Shabonee (YTB-833), sometimes spelled Shabonne, was a United States Navy named for Pottawatomie Chief Shabonna, grand nephew of Chief Pontiac. Shabonee was the second US Navy ship to bear the name.
Construction
The contract for Shabonee was awarded 5 June 1973. She was laid down on 12 June 1974 at Marinette, Wisconsin, by Marinette Marine and launched 29 October 1974.
Operational history
Shabonee served at Naval Station Mayport, Florida. Stricken from the Navy List 16 February 2002, ex-Shabonee was sold to McAllister Towing and renamed Daniel McAllister. Blew an engine icebreaking in the Port of Duluth. Scrapped in the summer of 2019.
References
External links
Natick-class large harbor tugs
Ships built by Marinette Marine
1974 ships
Mukachevo radar station is a Ukrainian radar station, originally built during the Soviet period for providing early warning of ballistic missile attack. Currently it is the property of the State Space Agency of Ukraine. It is located in Shipka in the far south west of Ukraine and was part of the Soviet, and then Russian missile attack warning system. Information from this station could be used for a launch on warning nuclear missile attack or to engage the A-135 anti-ballistic missile system.
Radar
The radar is a Dnepr (NATO name: HEN HOUSE) phased array radar, and was the last one of this type to be built by the Soviet Union. It consists of a central building and two long wings over 250 metres long; each wing is a separate radar array. One had an azimuth of 196° (south west) and the other 260° (facing west). The radar had a range of .
The radar started to be built in the early 1970s. Some sources say that it started operating in 1977, others say it became operational on 16 January 1979.
A second generation radar, a Daryal-UM, was started at a different location outside of Mukacheve, away, north of the village of Pistryalovo. It was planned that this would replace the Dnepr but construction stopped in 1991, when the Soviet Union collapsed, and never restarted. The Daryal has separate receiver and transmitter buildings, at Mukachevo they are apart. The transmitter building is ruined, was being demolished in autumn 2011, and is at . The larger receiver building has been demolished and was located at . The azimuth of the Daryal was 218° (south west).
Dispute with Ukraine
In 1991 the Soviet Union collapsed and the station ended up in the newly independent country of Ukraine, together with the radar in Sevastopol. Russia signed a 15-year agreement with Ukraine in 1992 to rent both radars for $840,000 per year, although unlike other overseas stations the radar was to be staffed by Ukrainians not Russians. In 2005 management of the radars transferred from the military to the civil Ukrainian National Space Agency and the rent increased to $1.3 million, although Ukraine asked for more.
In 2008 Russia decided to stop using information from the two Ukrainian radar stations. According to some commentators this was partly due to the then Ukrainian government's stated intention to join NATO. In 2007 Vladimir Popovkin had stated that Russia intended to duplicate or replace foreign radar stations as it could not rely on them in times of crisis. Replacing the station would reduce any leverage Ukraine was gaining over Russia from the ability to control access to the data.
Pragmatic reasons were given for ending the lease. Popovkin said that the radars went out of warranty in 2005, and would cost $20m to modernise. In addition Russia said that the data from Sevastopol was unreliable due to pirate radio broadcasts from fishing boats in the Black Sea. Furthermore, it had concerns with the quality of the data due to the civilian rather than military operators.
Data from Ukraine stopped on 26 February 2009 and Russia declared that a new Voronezh radar station in Armavir had begun operation on the same date, replacing the lost coverage. Following this the Ukrainian government announced that the stations would be closed for a month for maintenance and then used part-time for space surveillance, being part of an organisation called SKAKO (Automatic System of Control and Analysis of Outer Space).
See also
Mukachevo (air base)
Shipka (military base)
External links
Set of photographs from both sites
References
Buildings and structures in Mukacheve
Russian and Soviet military radars
Military installations of Ukraine
State Space Agency of Ukraine
Hamilton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,039. The county seat is Webster City. The county was named to honor William W. Hamilton, a President of the Iowa State Senate.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water. The largest body of water is Little Wall Lake.
Major highways
Interstate 35
U.S. Highway 20
U.S. Highway 69
Iowa Highway 17
Iowa Highway 175
Adjacent counties
Wright County (north)
Hardin County (east)
Story County (southeast)
Boone County (southwest)
Webster County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 15,039 in the county, with a population density of . 94.75% of the population reported being of one race. There were 7,037 housing units, of which 6,283 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 15,673 in the county, with a population density of . There were 7,219 housing units, of which 6,540 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 16,438 people, 6,692 households, and 4,597 families residing in the county. The population density was 28 people per square mile (11/km2). There were 7,082 housing units at an average density of 12 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.71% White, 0.23% Black or African American, 0.20% Native American, 1.46% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.61% from other races, and 0.78% from two or more races. 1.42% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,692 households, out of which 30.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.90% were married couples living together, 7.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.30% were non-families. 27.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 7.10% from 18 to 24, 27.10% from 25 to 44, 22.40% from 45 to 64, and 18.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 98.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,658, and the median income for a family was $45,771. Males had a median income of $30,579 versus $23,595 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,801. About 4.30% of families and 6.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.70% of those under age 18 and 5.50% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Blairsburg
Ellsworth
Jewell Junction
Kamrar
Randall
Stanhope
Stratford
Webster City
Williams
Unincorporated communities
Homer
Townships
Blairsburg
Fremont
Cass
Williams
Freedom
Independence
Rose Grove
Webster
Hamilton
Lyon
Lincoln
Marion
Clear Lake
Ellsworth
Scott
Liberty
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Hamilton County.
† county seat
Politics
Hamilton County has been a swing county for most of its history. In the last 100 years, it has backed the losing candidate nationally only four times in the 1960, 1988, 2012 and 2020 presidential elections.
Education
School districts include:
Hubbard-Radcliffe Community School District
Roland-Story Community School District
South Hamilton Community School District
Stratford Community School District
Webster City Community School District
Former school districts:
Northeast Hamilton Community School District
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hamilton County, Iowa
References
External links
Hamilton County, Iowa Portal style website, Government, Recreation and more
1856 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1856
Hurricane Lily was a short-lived Category 1 hurricane of August 1971 that devastated the city of Puerto Vallarta in Mexico. Forming from an area of cloudiness associated with former Atlantic Tropical Storm Chloe, the storm slowly intensified, building to peak intensity just before landfall northwest of Manzanillo, Colima on August 31. The hurricane quickly weakened and became extratropical. After leaving land, the extratropical remnants of Lily dissipated on September 1. The storm's movement close to land affected shipping due to the limited warning, which was partially set back due to difficulties in clarifying the hurricane's position on radar from reconnaissance aircraft.
The hurricane was Puerto Vallarta's worst in two decades and the second hurricane of the season to heavily impact Mexico after Hurricane Bridget. The storm caused the Cuale River to overflow its banks, inundating the downtown section of Puerto Vallarta with water that was up to deep in some sections. The Mexican army flew in aid after trucks were blocked by flooded roads. The hurricane claimed three lives on the mainland and nine lives when a boat capsized.
Meteorological history
On August 25, Tropical Storm Chloe made landfall on British Honduras (present day Belize) as a tropical depression. After dissipating, the remnants of the storm crossed into the Pacific Ocean, where they contributed to an area of shower activity that persisted over the Gulf of Tehuantepec. On August 28, the tropical activity organized around a circulation which quickly developed into a tropical depression the same day. The depression was upgraded to a tropical storm on August 29 based on satellite presentation that depicted significant cirrus outflow and a comma–shaped cloud mass spanning 2° of latitude in diameter and was subsequently named Lily.
Following its upgrade to tropical storm intensity, Lily began developing a spiral cloud structure and heavy anticyclonic outflow on August 30 and was upgraded to a hurricane the same day. During its intensification, United States Air Force reconnaissance tried to fly into the hurricane, but penetration was rendered impossible due to the cumulonimbus clouds in the spiral bands, causing the aircraft to rely on radar readings, which showed an eye 40 miles (65 km) in diameter. Following the flight, the hurricane turned to the north-northwestward towards the Mexican coast. On August 31, a ship called the Turrialba reported a sea–level pressure while in the eye of the hurricane. Shortly after the report, the hurricane peaked in intensity with winds of 85 mph (140 km/h) just prior to landfall 30 miles (50 km) northwest of Manzanillo. The cyclone quickly weakened overland, and after only six hours over land, its winds weakened to only 30 mph (50 km/h), a decline of 55 mph (90 km/h) and the cyclone became extratropical. The now–extratropical Lily continued to cross the Mexican coast, and shortly after emerging over water on September 1, the cyclone dissipated.
Impact
The north-northwestward track Lily took off the Mexican coast was not well-forecast due in part to difficulties in interpreting the radar data from the reconnaissance flight. As a result, many ships got caught in hurricane-force winds and high seas while trying to cross between it and the coastline. The Turrialba also reported that many exhausted tropical birds were taken aboard the ship while in the eye. The ship had to maneuver in order to avoid hitting other ships in the area. Another boat with twelve people aboard capsized off a beach near Puerto Vallarta while weathering wind gusts of from the hurricane. Nine aboard the ship were reported dead as a result, but four others were able to swim back to shore.
The hurricane was the worst to strike Puerto Vallarta in 20 years. 5,000 people were evacuated due to the hurricane with an additional 500 people on vacation becoming stranded inside their hotels. At least 600 evacuees sought refuge in a customs house, with an additional 1000 more evacuating to an airport terminal. More evacuees sought shelter in schools and the city hall. Four major rivers, including the Cuale River, which flows into the city, overflowed their banks, inundating the city along with several neighboring communities. Some areas of downtown Puerto Vallarta were submerged in depths of up to due to the flooding. Telephone lines in the city were suspended and highways were rendered impassable by the floods. One person died during a house collapse in the city and two others drowned. Another source reported five deaths from house collapses, although the post-season report regards only three deaths in association with Lily in Mexico. The hurricane also passed over the nearby town of Barra de Navidad, where the residents took refuge inside the church of San Antonio. A local legend states that during the hurricane, the arms of Jesus Christ on the church's crucifix broke and hung down. The moment the arms broke, the hurricane's effects in the town stopped. The figure has since been known as the Christ of the Cyclone.
Aftermath
Relief efforts following the hurricane were mostly affected by the associated flooding. Trucks transporting food and medicine from the Jalisco state government were forced to turn back because of flooded roads. The army then decided on aerial transport. This effort was hampered because, after three federal helicopters and Air Force planes touched down at the local airport, the road into the city was still flooded, meaning the aid could not be distributed.
Lily's effects in Puerto Vallarta made it the second hurricane of the season to be declared the worst hurricane to strike a specific city in twenty or more years. The first was Hurricane Bridget, which struck Acapulco. Despite the damage, the name was not retired and was reused in 1975, but due to a change in names lists in 1978, the name Lily has not been used since.
See also
List of Pacific hurricanes
Other tropical cyclones named Lily
Hurricane Beatriz
References
Category 1 Pacific hurricanes
1971 Pacific hurricane season
1971 meteorology
Pacific hurricanes in Mexico
Puerto Vallarta
1971 in Mexico
Gary E Sukeforth (born 1960) is an American politician and businessperson from Maine. Sukeforth is a former unenrolled (independent) member of the Maine House of Representatives from Appleton, Maine in Knox County. He is the owner of the Common Market grocery store in Union, Maine. He served a two-year term in the House of Representatives from 2002 to 2004 while a resident of Union.
Sukeforth characterizes himself as fiscally conservative and socially moderate. He said in a 2014 candidate questionnaire that he supports marijuana legalization and the expansion of workfare in Maine.
Sukeforth is a 1978 graduate of Camden-Rockport High School. He graduated from the University of Maine in 1983 with a B.S. in Agricultural & Resource Economics. He also attended Pennsylvania State University for graduate school from 1983 to 1985. He is divorced with no children.
References
1960 births
Living people
People from Knox County, Maine
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
Businesspeople from Maine
Maine Independents
University of Maine alumni
Pennsylvania State University alumni
21st-century American politicians
People from Union, Maine
Karl Gustav Jöreskog (born 25 April 1935) is a Swedish statistician. Jöreskog is a Professor Emeritus at Uppsala University, and a co-author (with Dag Sörbom) of the LISREL statistical program. He is also a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. Jöreskog received his bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees in Uppsala University. He is also a former student of Herman Wold. He was a statistician at Educational Testing Service (ETS) and a visiting professor at Princeton University.
Research
Jöreskog proposed a reliable numerical method for computing maximum-likelihood estimates in factor analysis; similarly reliable methods were also proposed by Gerhard Derflinger, Robert Jennrich, and Stephen M. Robinson at roughly the same time. Jöreskog's Fortran codes helped to popularize factor analysis around the world. While working at the Educational Testing Service and giving lectures at Princeton University, Jöreskog proposed a linear model for the analysis of covariance structures, a fundamental contribution to structural equation modeling (SEM).
His other research interests include multivariate analysis, item response theory, statistical computing, and factor-analysis in geology.
Awards
In 1974 he was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association.
In 2007 Jöreskog received the Award for distinguished scientific applications of psychology from the American Psychological Association (APA).
In 2004 he was awarded The Rudbeck Medal by Uppsala University.
Selected bibliography
Jöreskog, K. G. (1969). A general approach to confirmatory maximum likelihood factor analysis. Psychometrika, 34, 183–202.
Reprinted as
Jöreskog, K. G., & Sörbom, D. (1979). Advances in factor analysis and structural equation models. New York: University Press of America.
Jöreskog, K. G., & Moustaki, I. (2001). Factor analysis of ordinal variables: A comparison of three approaches. Multivariate Behavioral Research, 36, 347–387.
Jöreskog, K. G., Olsson, Ulf H., & Wallentin, Fan Y. (2016). Multivariate Analysis with LISREL. Springer International Publishing AG. .
Festschrift
Cudeck, R., Jöreskog, K. G., Du Toit, S. H. C., & Sörbom, D. (2001). Structural Equation Modeling: Present and Future : a Festschrift in Honor of Karl Jöreskog. Scientific Software International.
See also
Causality
Confirmatory factor analysis
Computational statistics
Exploratory factor analysis
Factor analysis
Latent variable
LISREL
Maximum likelihood
Measurement theory
Multivariate analysis
Multivariate statistics
Ordinal variable
Psychometrics
Structural equation model
Uppsala University
Wold, Hermann
Notes
External links
Jöreskog's presentation of the econometric research that was recognized with the 2000 Nobel Prize in economics
Profile of Karl Jöreskog on the website of SSI company
1935 births
Living people
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Swedish statisticians
Uppsala University faculty
Uppsala University alumni
People from Åmål Municipality
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
Members of the Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala
A boilermaker can refer to two types of beer cocktail. In American terminology, the drink consists of a glass of beer mixed with a shot of whiskey.
Name
The drink originated in Butte, Montana, in the 1890s, and was originally called a "Sean O'Farrell" and was served only when miners ended their shifts. When the beer is served as a chaser, the drink is often called simply a shot and a beer.
In Britain, the term "boilermaker" traditionally refers to a half pint of draught mild mixed with a half pint of bottled brown ale, although it also refers to the American shot and pint. In Scotland, "a half and a half" is a half pint of beer with a whisky ("a wee hawf"). The use of these terms in Scottish and English pubs can be traced back to about 1920.
Drinking
There are a number of ways to drink an American beer chaser:
Traditionally, the liquor is consumed in a single gulp and is then "chased" by the beer, which is sipped.
The liquor and beer may be mixed by pouring or dropping the shot into the beer. The mixture may be stirred. If the shot glass is dropped into the beer glass, the drink can also be known as a depth charge.
Similar drinks
Other pairings of a shot and a beer are possible; traditional pairings include:
Herrengedeck ("gentlemen's menu"), a German pairing of Korn (grain brandy) and beer
Irish Car Bomb, an American pairing of a shot of Irish cream and whiskey into a glass of stout
("little headbutt"), a Dutch pairing of Jenever (Dutch gin) and beer, term attested 1943
Somaek or Poktan-ju, a Korean pairing of soju and beer
U-Boot, a pairing of vodka and beer
The Chicago Handshake or Chicago Drive-by, a shot of Jeppson's Malört alongside Old Style beer
The Citywide, sometimes called the Citywide Special, a Philadelphia pairing of a shot of Jim Beam and a Pabst Blue Ribbon
See also
Black and Tan
Queen Mary (beer cocktail)
Shandy
References
Shooters (drinks)
Cocktails with beer
Cocktails
Two-ingredient cocktails
Cocktails with whisky
Ammapali railway station is a halt railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Pakaria, Ammapali in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
Benton Middle School may refer to any of the following institutions in the United States:
Benton Middle School, in Benton, Kentucky
Benton Middle School, in Benton, Louisiana
Benton Middle School, in Prince William County, Virginia
Josef Řihák (born 25 April 1959 in Karlovy Vary) is a Czech politician. Řihák is a member of Senate of the Parliament of the Czech Republic and the Assembly of the Central Bohemian Region. He is also a former member of Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic and a former mayor of Příbram.
Řihák is a graduate at Brno agricultural college, he worked vet, specializing in food hygiene and agricultural ecology.
He was elected into the Assembly of the Central Bohemian Region in 2000 for the Czech Social Democratic Party, two years later he was also elected into the Příbram assembly and became the city council member under mayor Ivan Fuksa.
In 2002, he was also elected into the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic and was re-elected in 2006. He is a member of the agricultural committee of the Chamber of Deputies.
In 2006 he led the Příbram social democrats in the municipal elections. The party gained two more seats in comparison to the 2002 elections. After two-weeks negotiations, Řihák was elected new city mayor by a coalition Social Democrats and SNK European Democrats, supported by Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia deputies.
He then promised to leave his Central-Bohemian region's assembly seat.
Řihák is married and has a son and a daughter.
Footnotes
External links
Řihák's page on the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic (in Czech)
Příbram
Living people
1959 births
People from Karlovy Vary
Czech Social Democratic Party politicians
Czech Social Democratic Party Senators
Czech Social Democratic Party MPs
Czech Social Democratic Party governors
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic (2002–2006)
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic (2006–2010)
Mayors of places in the Czech Republic
Czech Social Democratic Party mayors
Julian Russell Story (September 8, 1857 – February 24, 1919) was an American painter.
Early life
Story was born on September 8, 1857 in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey to American parents. He was the youngest child of sculptor William Wetmore Story and Emelyn (née Eldredge) Story. Among his siblings was brother Thomas Waldo Story, also a well known sculptor, and sister, Edith Marion (née Story), Marchesa Peruzzi di Medici, the wife of Marquess Simone Peruzzi di Medici.
He was educated at Eton and Brasenose College, Oxford University, England.
Personal life
In 1891, Story was married to the renowned American soprano Emma Eames, the daughter of an international lawyer. Eames was born in Shanghai, China, and raised in Portland and Bath, Maine. They divorced in 1907 and Emma later married Emilio de Gogorza.
In 1909, he married Elaine Sartori Bohlen, the daughter of Victor Alexander Sartori and Annie Lawrence Gordon. Together, they were the parents of:
Emelyn McClellan Florence Story (1912–1946), who married Edward Maynard Ewer, in 1931.
Vera Felicity Story (1918–2001), who married Henry Latrobe Roosevelt Jr., a son of Assistant Secretary of the Navy Henry L. Roosevelt, in 1937.
He died in Philadelphia at age 61. He was buried at Chelten Hills Cemetery in Philadelphia.
Artworks
See also
List of painters by name
Lists of painters by nationality
References
External links
John Russell Story paintings at the BBC
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
World's Columbian Exposition
American portrait painters
English portrait painters
1857 births
1919 deaths
People educated at Eton College
20th-century American painters
20th-century American male artists
In Cantabrian mythology, a ramidreju (Cantabrian: [ramiˈdrehu]) is a creature said to inhabit the mountains and forests of Cantabria in northern Spain. This animal, which resembles a weasel, is born once every hundred years from a weasel or a marten. These mythological creatures have a very long body, like a snake, and their fur is slightly green-colored. Its eyes are yellow and its nose is like that of a hog, which it uses to dig very deep holes. Ramidrejus are a very sought-after animal in Cantabrian folklore because their fur heals every sickness and the animal has a strong desire for gold.
See also
Kamaitachi, another species of mythological weasel from Japan
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20070815223432/http://www.terra.es/personal/l.agua.l/animales.htm
Cantabrian legendary creatures
Legendary mammals
Aapas ki Baat Najam Sethi Kay Sath (in Urdu:اپس کی بات نجم سیٹھی کے ساتھ) is an airing show on Geo News which airs from Monday to Wednesday at 11:00pm–12:00am. The show gives political analysis on current affairs of Pakistan. The show cast also predicts about future of political affairs in show under the given limits and code of conduct of channel. This airing show is considered to be one of the most successful and popular airing show of country. Aapas ki Baat is a discussion-based talk show which is different from usual format of Pakistani talk shows. Najam Sethi expresses his views in and draws attention to the happenings in the political area of Pakistan.
References
External links
geo.tv
affairs.com.pk
Geo News
Pakistani television talk shows
Deta may refer to:
Database engine tuning advisor, is a computer software tool for Microsoft SQL Server that enables database tuning
Dielectric thermal analysis, Dielectric Thermal Analysis or Dielectric Thermal Analyser (an instrument for performing dielectric thermal analysis)
Diethylenetriamine, is an organic compound with the formula HN(CH2CH2NH2)2
Deta, Romania, a town in western Romania
Deta Hedman (born 1959), Jamaican-born, English darts player
DETA Air, an airline, with bases in Almaty and Shymkent, Kazakhstan.
DETA Mozambique Airlines
Phtheochroa pecosana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the United States , where it has been recorded from Arizona, California, Colorado and New Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1907
Phtheochroa
CFSG may refer to:
The classification of finite simple groups, a mathematical theorem
China Fire and Security Group
Hot and sour noodles () is a dish which comes from Sichuan, China and is a popular part of Sichuan cuisine. The noodles are made from starch derived from peas, potato, sweet potato, or rice.
History
It is unclear when and who invented the dish, which had been very popular in at least the Qin dynasty, and was initially mostly served as street food in Sichuan.
After instant noodles were invented in Japan, the same method was introduced for hot and sour noodles in Sichuan. One example is Baijia Instant Noodles.
Characteristics
Its unique flavor combines the sourness from Chinese rice vinegar with the spiciness from chili pepper oil. The grounded toasted peanuts and soybeans on top of noodles gave the special texture of crispness. Besides rice vinegar, chili oil and peanuts/soybeans, other ingredients include sugar, salt, soy sauce, scallion pieces, and smashed garlic.
Preparation
The preparation for hot and sour noodles is relatively easy and quick. For street vendors in Sichuan, it only takes 2–3 minutes to serve the noodles after taking customers' orders. Noodles are simmered in boiling water, and then added to a bowl in which rice vinegar, soy sauce, salt, sugar and chili oil have been placed. The dish is garnished with peanuts or soybeans and scallion pieces on top of the noodles.
See also
Hot and sour soup
References
Fuchsia Dunlop. Land of Plenty : A Treasury of Authentic Sichuan Cooking. New York: W.W. Norton, 2003. .
Fuchsia Dunlop. Shark's Fin and Sichuan Pepper: A Sweet-Sour Memoir of Eating in China. (New York: Norton, 2008). . The author's experience and observations, especially in Sichuan.
Sichuan cuisine
Chinese noodle dishes
Andrew Stuart Winckler (8 January 1949 – 15 January 2007) was Head of Supervision at the Securities & Investment Board (1994–95), Chief Executive of the Securities & Investment Board (1996–97) and Chief Executive of the Financial Services Authority (1997–98).
Career
Winckler was born in Bedfordshire on 8 January 1949, the son of Aubrey Norman Toussaint Winckler and Pamela Elizabeth Essie (née Webb). He was educated at Bedford Modern School and Christ's College, Cambridge.
Winckler began his career at HM Treasury (1970–82). In 1978 he was seconded to HM Diplomatic Service as First Secretary to the British Embassy, Washington (1978–81). After HM Treasury Winckler became an executive at Lloyds Bank (1982–87) finishing his time there as a director of its Merchant Banking division. He then became a Director of Security Pacific Hoare Govett (1987–90) and Deputy Chairman of European Capital Company (1990–94).
In 1994 Winckler was appointed Head of Supervision at the Securities & Investment Board (1994–95), Chief Executive of the Securities & Investment Board (1996–97) and Chief Executive of the Financial Services Authority (1997–98).
After the Financial Services Authority, Winckler became Chairman of the UK Financial Services Regulatory Practice of Ernst & Young (1998-2006). He further took up several board appointments including the Housing Corporation (1998-2005), Euroclear (2003-06) and the Jersey Financial Services Commission (1998-2006). He served as a trustee of the Kennedy Memorial Trust (1998-2003).
Honours
In recognition of Winckler's contribution to financial services in the United Kingdom, Euroclear sponsors an annual award of the Chartered Institute for Securities & Investment in his memory.
Family life
In 1971 Winckler married Marie Estelle Sigwart. They had three sons. Winckler died in London on 15 January 2007.
Publications
A Practitioner's Guide to the FSA Handbook, by Andrew Winckler. Published by City and Financial Publishing, 2001
References
1949 births
2007 deaths
Alumni of Christ's College, Cambridge
People educated at Bedford Modern School
The Parish Pastoral Council for Responsible Voting (PPCRV) is a non-partisan, non-sectarian non-profit organization affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines that works to ensure free, fair and fraud-free elections in the Philippines. The organization has been the "citizens' arm" of the Commission of Elections since 2010. PPCRV conducts the Unofficial Parallel Count of returns after the election.
PPCRV's activity includes advocating for electoral reforms, conducting parallel manual auditing in automated elections, coordinating parishes to conduct poll-watching, providing legal assistance related to elections, reporting of electoral violations, providing voters' assistance services, and voters' education.
History
The Roman Catholic Second Plenary Council of the Philippines, held in February 1991, called for reforms in the conduct of elections in the Philippines. In May 1991, Jaime Cardinal Sin, D.D., Archbishop of Manila, Commission on Elections (Philippines) Commissioner Haydee Yorac, then-Laity President Henrietta T. de Villa, Most Rev. Gabriel Reyes, D.D., Rev. Msgr. Bayani Valenzuela, and thirty parishes lay leaders conceived of the idea of the PPCRV in Mandaluyong. In October 1991, the PPCRV was launched at St. Paul University, Quezon City, with around one thousand laypeople from the parishes of the Archdiocese of Manila. The next month, with the support of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines, the PPCRV expanded its operations nationwide.
PPCRV's poll-watching activities began with the 1992 presidential elections. Then, 346,688 PPCRV volunteers participated in poll-watching, voters' assistance, assisting the Board of Election Inspectors, protecting election returns, monitoring electoral exercise, and watching the canvassing of votes.
Relation with COMELEC
In April 2013, PPCRV was accused by the Archbishop of Lipa Ramon Arguelles of being a COMELEC lapdog since the conduct of the 2010 general elections, an allegation that the chairperson of PPCRV, Henrietta T. de Villa, disputes. The organization has been a "citizens arm" of the Commission of Elections since 2010.
In 2010, it had objected to the National Movement for Free Elections' (NAMFREL) application as a citizen's arm of COMELEC, stating that a dual system would interfere with election watch. NAMFREL had never objected to PPCRV's applications as a citizen arm in previous elections. The feud seems to be over as both parties were accredited by COMELEC for the 2013 midterm elections and agreed on their respective functions.
References
Elections in the Philippines
Election and voting-related organizations
Non-profit organizations based in the Philippines
Organizations established in 1991
1991 establishments in the Philippines
Tabriz Cartoon is an annual international caricature competition held in Tabriz, Iran since 2002.
History
Tabriz cartoon museum is the first and only cartoon and caricature museum in Iran and it is also one of the five official cartoon museums in the world. After the House of Humor and Satire in Gabrovo, Bulgaria, it is the second widest museum in the world. This museum was playing the host to the second meeting of the heads of cartoon museums in the world, which there were representatives of countries such as Italy, France, Turkey, Azerbaijan, Syria, and Belgium. It was established in the west part of Tabriz Art Home in March 2007. It is affiliated with the department of culture but it doesn't have any annual budget. Its funds are generated from cartoonists society income and the government's financial support. The building infrastructure has been created with an area of 284 m. at the same time with Tabriz Municipal House in 1318 and it has been used as Officers Club, restaurant, Islamic Revolutions' Committee, Tabriz National Library, and at last Tabriz cartoon museum over the years. It consists of two galleries with 60 original artworks of the most prominent world's cartoonists, a special library, classes and administrative division. There are stored two thousand original artworks from a hundred countries in the museum archive. This museum is the place of the Tabriz cartoonists' society which has hosted many international festivals like twelve courses of Tabriz Festival, six courses of Tabriz Citizenship Festival, a resistance festival, and some courses of the national festival. A set of foreign festivals' albums and foreign publications are the other products and activities of the museum.
In this museum except two cartoon statute of Mr. Maqfuriun, there is a collection of cartoon posters and postcards and stamps and business cards in addition to cartoon books which has printed in Tabriz.
References
Caricature
Tabriz
Shashi Warrier is an Indian author who wrote Hangman's Journal. He was born in Kerala and has an MSc(Hons.) in Economics from BITS Pilani. His father was in the Indian armed forces and Warrier spent his childhood in different parts of the country. He is also an avid biker and has travelled around India on his Royal Enfield Thunderbird. Shashi is married to writer (Circle of Fate) Prita Warrier. They live in Mangalore.
Filmography
He was the co-writer of the 2002 Indian English film Bokshu, the Myth directed by Shyamaprasad.
Bibliography
References
Indian male novelists
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani alumni
Living people
Malayali people
International Writing Program alumni
Novelists from Kerala
Year of birth missing (living people)
Saruq Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,410, in 2,234 families. The rural district has 15 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Farahan County
Nekton or necton (from the ) refers to the actively swimming aquatic organisms in a body of water. The term was proposed by German biologist Ernst Haeckel to differentiate between the active swimmers in a body of water, and the passive organisms that were carried along by the current, the plankton. As a guideline, nektonic organisms have a high Reynolds number (greater than 1000) and planktonic organisms a low one (less than 10). However, some organisms can begin life as plankton and transition to nekton later on in life, sometimes making distinction difficult when attempting to classify certain plankton-to-nekton species as one or the other. For this reason, some biologists choose not to use this term.
History
The term was first proposed and used by the German biologist Ernst Haeckel in 1891 in his article Plankton-Studien where he contrasted it with plankton, the aggregate of passively floating, drifting, or somewhat motile organisms present in a body of water, primarily tiny algae and bacteria, small eggs and larvae of marine organisms, and protozoa and other minute consumers. Today it is sometimes considered an obsolete term because it often does not allow for the meaningful quantifiable distinction between these two groups. Some biologists no longer use it.
Definition
As a guideline, nekton are larger and tend to swim largely at biologically high Reynolds numbers (>103 and up beyond 109), where inertial flows are the rule, and eddies (vortices) are easily shed. Plankton, on the other hand, are small and, if they swim at all, do so at biologically low Reynolds numbers (0.001 to 10), where the viscous behavior of water dominates, and reversible flows are the rule. Organisms such as jellyfish and others are considered plankton when they are very small and swim at low Reynolds numbers, and considered nekton as they grow large enough to swim at high Reynolds numbers. Many animals considered classic examples of nekton (e.g., Mola mola, squid, marlin) start out life as tiny members of the plankton and then, it was argued, gradually transition to nekton as they grow.
Oceanic nekton
Oceanic nekton comprises animals largely from three clades:
Vertebrates form the largest contribution; these animals are supported by either bones or cartilage.
Mollusks are animals such as squids and scallops.
Crustaceans are animals such as lobsters and crabs.
There are organisms whose initial life stage is identified as being planktonic but when they grow and increase in body size they become nektonic. A typical example is the medusa of the jellyfish.
See also
Neuston (organisms, including microscopic, living at the surface of the water)
Plankton (organisms, including microscopic, floating and drifting within water)
Benthos (organisms, including microscopic, living at the bottom of a body of water)
Pelagic fish (fish living in the pelagic zone of ocean or lake waters – living neither close to the bottom nor near the shore)
References
External links
Stefan Nehring and Ute Albrecht (1997): "Hell und das redundante Benthon: Neologismen in der deutschsprachigen Limnologie". In: Lauterbornia H. 31: 17-30, Dinkelscherben, December 1997 E-Text (PDF-Datei)
Aquatic ecology
Aquatic organisms
Oceanographical terminology
Jennifer Kay Bellamy Chandler (born June 13, 1959) is a retired American diver who won the gold medal in the women's 3-metre springboard event at the 1976 Summer Olympics. She also won a gold medal at the 1975 Pan American Games and a bronze medal at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships. She is also a seven-time national diving champion.
Chandler started diving when she was nine. When she was 12 she went to the junior Olympics. In 1975 she won the AAU national indoor 1-meter springboard event. In 1976 she won the national indoor 3-meter springboard championship. She retired when she was 21 due to back injuries.
Chandler was inducted into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame (ASHOF) in 1985. She was also inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1987. Chandler has done work as an expert commentator for several national television networks. She became the Educational Outreach Director for ASHOF in 2003. She now works for the Lakeshore Foundation, a world-class rehabilitation and athletic training facility located in Birmingham, Alabama, as their Development and Special Events Coordinator.
She earned a BFA in drawing and painting from The University of Arizona. She is married to John W. Stevenson, the publisher and editor of The Randolph Leader in Roanoke, Alabama. Chandler is also a painter with work on display through the Art of the Olympians organization.
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Divers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in diving
People from Valley, Alabama
American female divers
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
World Aquatics Championships medalists in diving
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in diving
Divers at the 1975 Pan American Games
The Westminster Schools alumni
Medalists at the 1975 Pan American Games
21st-century American women
The NEMO Music Showcase and Conference was an annual music event in Boston, Massachusetts. According to BMI it was:
... one of North America's premier music industry events. With three nights of music (featuring almost 250 artist showcases and the prestigious Boston Music Awards), two full days of panels, workshops, clinics and a trade show, NEMO is the ideal forum for musicians, industry professionals, and music enthusiasts who want to explore the most up-to-date, current information and critical issues that are confronting today's music industry.
NEMO closed its doors in 2006.
References
Annual events in Boston
Khazbulat Bogdanovich Khamkhoyev (; born 16 November 1993) is a Russian football goalkeeper. He plays for FC Dynamo Makhachkala.
Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Angusht Nazran on 16 July 2012 in a game against FC Taganrog. He made his Russian Football National League debut for Angusht on 7 July 2013 in a game against FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk.
References
External links
1993 births
People from Malgobek
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Angusht Nazran players
FC Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk players
FC Dynamo Makhachkala players
Ahrweiler is an electoral constituency (German: Wahlkreis) represented in the Bundestag. It elects one member via first-past-the-post voting. Under the current constituency numbering system, it is designated as constituency 198. It is located in northern Rhineland-Palatinate, comprising the Ahrweiler district and the western part of the Mayen-Koblenz district.
Ahrweiler was created for the inaugural 1949 federal election. Since 2009, it has been represented by Mechthild Heil of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU).
Geography
Ahrweiler is located in northern Rhineland-Palatinate. As of the 2021 federal election, it comprises the district of Ahrweiler as well as the municipalities of Andernach and Mayen and the Verbandsgemeinden of Maifeld, Mendig, Pellenz, and Vordereifel from the district of Mayen-Koblenz.
History
Ahrweiler was created in 1949. In the 1949 election, it was Rhineland-Palatinate constituency 2 in the numbering system. In the 1953 through 1976 elections, it was number 149. In the 1980 through 1998 elections, it was number 147. In the 2002 election, it was number 201. In the 2005 election, it was number 200. In the 2009 and 2013 elections, it was number 199. Since the 2017 election, it has been number 198.
Originally, the constituency comprised the districts of Ahrweiler and Mayen. It acquired its current borders in the 1972 election, although the Verbandsgemeinden of Pellenz and Vordereifel were known as Andernach-Land and Mayen-Land, respectively, until 2002.
Members
The constituency has been held continuously by the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) since its creation. It was first represented by Johann Junglas from 1949 to 1953, followed by Otto Lenz until 1957. Johann Peter Josten served from 1957 to 1980. He was succeeded by Karl Deres, who was representative until 1994. Wilhelm Josef Sebastian served from 1994 to 2009. Mechthild Heil was elected in 2009, and re-elected in 2013, 2017, and 2021.
Election results
2021 election
2017 election
2013 election
2009 election
References
Federal electoral districts in Rhineland-Palatinate
1949 establishments in West Germany
Constituencies established in 1949
Ahrweiler (district)
Mayen-Koblenz
Karolinów may refer to the following places:
Karolinów, Piotrków County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Karolinów, Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Karolinów, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Karolinów, Gmina Żelechlinek in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Karolinów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Karolinów, Garwolin County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Karolinów, Wyszków County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
The rufous vanga (Schetba rufa) is a species of bird in the family Vangidae. It is monotypic within the genus Schetba. It is endemic to Madagascar, where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
In 1760 the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson included a description of the rufous vanga in his Ornithologie based on a specimen collected on the island of Madagascar. He used the French name La pie-griesche rousse de Madagascar and the Latin Lanius Madagascariensis rufus. Although Brisson coined Latin names, these do not conform to the binomial system and are not recognised by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature. When in 1766 the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus updated his Systema Naturae for the twelfth edition, he added 240 species that had been previously described by Brisson. One of these was the rufous vanga. Linnaeus included a brief description, coined the binomial name Lanius rufus and cited Brisson's work. The rufous vanga is now the only species placed in the genus Schetba that was introduced by the French naturalist René Lesson in 1831.
Two subspecies are recognised:
S. r. rufa (Linnaeus, 1766) – north and east Madagascar
S. r. occidentalis Delacour, 1931 – west Madagascar
References
External links
Image at ADW
rufous vanga
Endemic birds of Madagascar
rufous vanga
rufous vanga
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Salginatobel Bridge is a reinforced concrete arch bridge designed by Swiss civil engineer Robert Maillart. It was constructed across an alpine ravine in the grisonian Prättigau, belonging to the municipality of Schiers, in Switzerland between 1929 and 1930. In 1991, it was declared an International Historic Civil Engineering Landmark, the thirteenth such structure and the first concrete bridge so designated.
As with his Schwandbach Bridge and Vessy Bridge, the structure's fame among civil engineers is a consequence of the techniques involved and the elegance of its design rather than its prominent location: it connects the village Schiers – on valley floor of the route between Landquart and Davos – with the alpine hamlet Schuders of almost 100 people, where the alpine post road ends, but is often visited by designers.
Design and history
Maillart had previously designed a three-hinged arch bridge over the Rhine at Tavanasa in 1904. In the span Tavanasa bridge, the arch is thinnest at its crown and springing points, thickening in between to reflect the shape of its bending moment diagram. This bridge was destroyed by an avalanche in September 1927. Although Maillart didn't win the contract for a replacement bridge, he entered a competition the following year for the bridge at Salginatobel, with a three-hinged arch spanning that used the same overall form as at Tavanasa. In conjunction with contractor Florian Prader, Maillart's design was the least expensive of nineteen entries.
The Salginatobel bridge arch is long in total, and its main element is a hollow concrete box girder over the central part of the arch. It carries a roadway wide, supported on reinforced concrete pillars above the ends of the arches.
The falsework was built by the Graubünden carpenter Richard Coray in late summer 1929, and the rest of the construction started in 1930. The bridge was officially opened on 18 August 1930.
Although regarded as a pioneering work, several aspects of its construction lacked durability, such as the absence of bridge deck waterproofing, low concrete cover and poor drainage. In 1975 and 1976 it was extensively repaired, the parapets were modified, and waterproofing was added. However, by 1991, deterioration had continued, with the parapets becoming unsafe. The waterproofing and drainage were replaced and amended, and most of the existing concrete surface removed and replaced by shotcrete. The parapets were completely rebuilt. Completed in 1998, this repair work cost 1.3 million US dollars.
Praise and criticism
1947, the bridge was featured with other of Maillart's works in a four-month exhibit at the Museum of Modern Art, New York
Salginatobel Bridge was designated a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
1991, it was designated an International Historic Civil Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers
The bridge has received widespread attention since its innovative design and construction, including considerable praise from other bridge engineers, architects and architectural historians. Writing in 2000, Heinrich Figi said:
David P. Billington has been particularly enthusiastic about the bridge:
The German bridge engineer Fritz Leonhardt has suggested that:
Maillart was not entirely satisfied with the bridge, writing after its completion that its soffit should have been a pointed rather than a pure curved arch, if it were properly to match his structural analysis:
Image gallery
References
ASCE page on the bridge
Billington, David P. Maillart and the Salginatobel Bridge. Structural Engineering International, 1/1991.
Billington, David P. The Tower and the Bridge. Princeton University Press, Princeton, USA, 1983.
Billington, David P. Robert Maillart and the Art of Reinforced Concrete. The MIT Press. Cambridge, USA, 1990. .
Billington, David P. The Art of Structural Design: A Swiss Legacy. Princeton University Art Museum. Princeton, USA, 2003. .
Figi, Heinrich. Rehabilitation of the Salginatobel Bridge. Structural Engineering International, 1/2000.
Leonhardt, Fritz. Bridges: Aesthetics and Design. The MIT Press, Cambridge, USA, 1984.
Maillart, Robert. Construction and Aesthetic of Bridges. The Concrete Way, May–June 1935.
Notes
External links
(includes construction photo)
ASCE: Salginatobel Bridge
Great Buildings Online
Sightseeing Graubünden, Switzerland, official tourism board suggestions and location
Deck arch bridges
Bridges completed in 1930
Road bridges in Switzerland
Monuments and memorials in Switzerland
Historic Civil Engineering Landmarks
Concrete bridges
Schiers
Lõpe may refer to several places in Estonia:
Lõpe, Hiiu County, village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County
Lõpe, Ida-Viru County, village in Iisaku Parish, Ida-Viru County
Lõpe, Jõgeva County, village in Jõgeva Parish, Jõgeva County
Lõpe, Pärnu County, village in Koonga Parish, Pärnu County
See also
Lope (disambiguation)
The Attributes of Civilian Music and The Attributes of Military Music are a pair of paintings by Jean Siméon Chardin, commissioned in 1766 by Charles-Nicolas Cochin for the pediments above the doors to the music room in his Château de Bellevue at Meudon (Hauts-de-Seine). They were exhibited at the Salon in 1767 and installed in the Château the following year. The Château's goods were later confiscated by the state and the paintings were sold at auction. They were acquired by the portrait painter Jean-Sébastien Rouillard, then by François Marcille and his son Eudoxe. Via a gift from Eudoxe's descendants and from the Société des amis du Louvre, the Louvre Museum was able to purchase them in 2010.
External links
http://cartelfr.louvre.fr/cartelfr/visite?srv=car_not_frame&idNotice=32227
http://cartelfr.louvre.fr/cartelfr/visite?srv=car_not_frame&idNotice=32228
1767 paintings
Paintings by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin
Paintings in the Louvre by French artists
Musical instruments in art
The Storm Lake Police Department provides law enforcement services Storm Lake, Iowa. The department currently consists of 20 sworn officers, 2 community services officers, and 2 civilian office clerks. The department responded to over 32,850 calls of service in 2020. The current Chief is Chris Cole.
The department has an assistant chief, four lieutenants, twelve patrol officers, and two detectives.
The department is located at 401 East Milwaukee Ave. in Storm Lake, IA 50588.
The department's Patrol Division has 16 officers. Each patrol shift is supervised by a lieutenant. These officers patrol in a patrol vehicle, on bike, or on foot. There is currently one K9 officer who assists the department as well as surrounding agencies with narcotics detection, suspect apprehension, evidence and subject searches, building searches, and crowd control.
The department has an Investigative Division which consists of two detectives and a supervisor. The Department has an Administrative Division, Narcotics Unit, Multi-Agency Search and Recovery Dive Team, Tactical Entry Team, Sexual Assault Response Team and Drone Pilots.
The department has been honored by the VERA Institute of Justice for showing some of the best practices while dealing with diverse, multilingual communities.
See also
List of law enforcement agencies in Iowa
References
External links
Storm Lake Police Department
Storm Lake, Iowa
Municipal police departments of Iowa
The Dukes of Torres Novas (in Portuguese & Spanish Duque de Torres Novas) was an aristocratic Portuguese title granted by King Philip II of Portugal, also known as Philip III of Spain, by a royal decree of September 26, 1619, to George of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Torres Novas, who died before his parents, Juliana and Álvaro of Lencastre, 3rd Dukes of Aveiro.
The title of Duke of Torres Novas (originally Marquis of Torres Novas) was subsidiary to the title of Duke of Aveiro, and was used by the House of Aveiro heir during his father's life.
List of the Dukes of Torres Novas
George of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Torres Novas (1594–1632), also known as 3rd Marquis of Torres Novas died before his mother, Juliana of Lencastre, 3rd Duchess of Aveiro, therefore never became Duke of Aveiro;
Raimundo of Lencastre, 4th Duke of Aveiro (1620–1666), son of the previous Duke. He was 2nd Duke of Torres Novas, from 1632 to 1636, when he succeeded to his grand mother Juliana of Lencastre, 3rd Duchess of Aveiro.
Family name
The family name associated with the Dukes of Aveiro is Lencastre or Lancastre and Ramos-Sarrico, referring to King John I's wife Philippa of Lancaster, daughter of John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster and founder of the House of Lancaster.
Genealogical summary
See also
Duke of Aveiro
Marquis of Torres Novas
List of Portuguese Dukedoms
External links
Genealogy of the Dukes of Torres Novas in Portuguese
Bibliography
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. III, pages 446/447. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.
Dukedoms of Portugal
Portuguese nobility
1619 establishments in Portugal
pt:Duque de Torres Novas
Dushkarak is a populated place in the Selenicë municipality of the Vlorë County of Albania. It was part of the former municipality Sevaster. At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Selenicë.
References
Populated places in Selenicë
Donald Francis "Red" Blanchard (July 24, 1914 – June 2011: Age - 97) was an American radio showman, comedian, and country musician.
Biography
He was born in Pittsville, Wisconsin, the third son of William and May (Jackson) Blanchard. In his teens, he learned to play guitar, fiddle, and banjo. Inspired by the "Blue Yodeler" Jimmie Rodgers, he purchased his first guitar at the age of fourteen. In 1930, accompanied by his two older brothers, Hillis and Volney, he made his singing debut on radio station WISN in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, calling himself the "Texas Yodeler". In 1931, he performed in the National Barn Dance at WLS in Chicago as a member of "Rube Tronson's Texas Cowboys". He was married on July 16, 1934, to Lucille Overstake, who later became known under the name of Jenny Lou Carson. The marriage didn't last and they were divorced soon afterwards.
In March 1942, Blanchard was drafted, serving four years in the South Pacific as a combat entertainer of soldiers. A million soldiers saw his concerts and he was awarded six battle stars. After his discharge in 1946, he joined the "Sage Riders", performing on the National Barn Dance. The "Sage Riders" comprised Ray Klein, Dolph Hewitt and Don "Whytsell" White. He was married for the second time in 1946 to Marcella "Sally" Ebert, who was one of the square dancers at the National Barn Dance. In 1950, Blanchard left the "Sage Riders" to concentrate on a solo career. During the 1950s, he hosted the "Red Blanchard Show" and the "Merry-Go-Round Show". He also appeared on shows such as "Smile-A-While" and the "Armed Forces Radio Services" and also worked as an author, publishing books and writing columns for newspapers. In 1959, the National Barn Dance was transferred from WLS to WGN, where it changed name to the WGN Barn Dance. When WGN Barn Dance was cancelled in 1969 Blanchard began an extensive tour of more than 250 engagements a year.
In the 1960s and 1970s, he purchased several radio stations in Illinois and Iowa, with his business partners, Dolph Hewitt and Harry Campbell. During a broadcast from the "Dinner Bell Show" at WLS, he was elected Honorary Mayor of Pittsville, Honorary Chief of Police, and Honorary Chief of the Fire Department, by his hometown of Pittsville. He retired and moved to Florida in 1980 and died in 2011.
References
Chad Berry, The Hayloft Gang: The Story of the National Barn Dance, 2008, (p. 87)
Loyal Jones, Country Music Humorists and Comedians, 2008, (p. 78-79)
Hillbilly-music.com
Rich Samuels.com
Medical-mal.com
1914 births
1980 deaths
People from Wood County, Wisconsin
Male actors from Wisconsin
Musicians from Wisconsin
20th-century American male actors
20th-century American musicians
Pshavi () is a small historic region of northern Georgia, nowadays part of the Mtskheta-Mtianeti mkhare ("region"), and lying chiefly among the southern foothills of the Greater Caucasus mountains along the Pshavis Aragvi River and the upper reaches of the Iori River in the neighbouring region of Tianeti to the south-east.
Geography
Pshavi borders upon Khevsureti to the north (the two regions were historically grouped together under the name of Pkhovi); the western fringe of Tusheti and the northernmost tip of the Pankisi Gorge to the east; the Iori Valley and Tianeti to the south-east; the Zhinvali Reservoir and the Georgian Military Road to the south and south-west; and south-eastern Mtiuleti and Gudamakari to the west.
The region can be divided into three main parts (valley systems):
1) a historical "heartland" of c.10 villages in Pshavi "proper", which stretches east from the confluence of the Pshavis Aragvi and Khevsuretis Aragvi rivers (42°25'32.87"N, 44°56'35.46"E) to the village of Ukanapshavi (42°24'25.11"N, 45°09'55.52"E), centred upon the village of Shuapkho.
2) the c.30 villages of "Lower Pshavi" (main village: Magharoskari), which stretches south along the banks of the Pshavis Aragvi river from its confluence with the Khevsuretis Aragvi down to the shores of the Zhinvali Reservoir (42°09'01.53"N, 44°46'29.21"E), and which includes the Chargali, Sharakhevi and Sondiskhevi valleys as well as numerous other small side-valleys.
3) a half-dozen villages along the upper reaches of the Iori River Valley, which flows south into Tianeti.
Protected Landscape Status
In 2016, the Georgian government began investigating the possibility of officially granting the historical region of Pshavi "Protected Landscape" status, which would support conservation efforts while allowing the sustainable use of natural resources and the development of eco-tourism.
Population
Like many other regions of the world, particularly mountainous ones, the population of Pshavi has dropped significantly as a result of a process of rural exodus which began in the nineteenth century; many former villages nowadays consist of no more than a few houses. An early twentieth-century census of Pshavi counted 210 households in Pshavi "proper" and 368 in Lower Pshavi.
People
The Pshavs (, pshaveli, pl. , pshavlebi) speak a dialect of Georgian close to that spoken by their neighbours, the Khevsurs.
Nominally Georgian Orthodox, the Pshavs have, however, like other mountain tribes preserved some of their pre-Christian beliefs, which a handful of people continue to profess in a syncretic form at the region's numerous shrines. Their history, traditions and customs are also similar to those of their eastern Georgian neighbours.
The popular Georgian poet Luka Razikashvili (1861-1915), best known by his pen name "Vaja-Pshavela" ("a lad from Pshavi"), was born in the village of Chargali, which now houses his "house museum".
See also
Pkhovi
References
External links
A Soviet-era 1:50,000 topographical maps of Pshavi "proper" and another of Lower Pshavi (source: batsav.com)
".kmz" files for use with Google Earth plotting all the villages of Pshavi "proper" and of Lower Pshavi (source: batsav.com)
Former provinces of Georgia (country)
Historical regions of Georgia (country)
East Timor–Japan relations are foreign relations between East Timor and Japan. Diplomatic relations were established in September 2002. East Timor has an embassy in Tokyo. Japan has an embassy in Dili.
History
Japan-East Timor relations were established on May 20, 2002, when UN Administration of the Area was abolished, replaced by the Government of East Timor. The Japanese government has had an "ambassadorial-level representative office in Dili on the day.
Japan is the third aid donors to East Timor.
See also
Foreign relations of East Timor
Foreign relations of Japan
References
Japan
Bilateral relations of Japan
2002 establishments in Japan
2002 establishments in East Timor
Vitali Island is the largest of the 28 offshore islands that constitute the city of Zamboanga in the Republic of the Philippines.
Geography
The island is located on the beautiful Moro Gulf about NNE of the city downtown, from the border of the province of Zamboanga del Sur, and east of the mainland Barangay of Mangusu of Zamboanga City. At its longest, the island is about long, and at its widest, about .
Barangays
The island is made up of two barangays:
Limaong
Tumitus
Schools
Limaong Elementary School
Tumitus Elementary School
Transportation
Vitali Island is accessible by any land transportation. You can reach Brgy. Vitali in 1.5 hours using private vehicle but 2 hours if you use public Bus or Van transportation.
Activities
Scuba Diving
Fishing
See also
List of islands of the Philippines
References
Islands of Zamboanga City
Charles "Chas" Lawther is a British-born Canadian actor, comedian and writer.
Lawther came to local prominence in Toronto when in the 1980s he created the character of Chuck The Security Guard for CFMT-TV's The All-Night Show, on the ostensible premise that as the station's night security he would be allowed to use the broadcast facilities to play classic television shows, short films and music videos between sign-off and 6 a.m.
Lawther and his comedy partner Suzette Couture formed the comedy duo Joined at the Hip, regularly playing comedy venues across Canada and at one point getting their own special on CBC. Lawther has written and hosted several comedies "stand-up mockumentaries" on CBC Radio.
He also wrote episodes for television shows including Bob and Margaret, The Raccoons and The All-Night Show and the direct to video film The Sex and Violence Family Hour. He also created a television movie documentary film called Is It Arf? in which he hosted and starred with his wife Gail Kerbel.
Many know him for his role hosting "The Showcase Revue" after the Showcase channel launched in Canada in the early 1990s.
Lawther is still a working actor, and was a recurring character as a seemingly gormless television executive on CBC's Made in Canada.
Filmography
1966: Blowup - Waiter (uncredited)
1979: Matt and Jenny - Friar
1980-1981: The All-Night Show (CFMT-TV, TV series host) - Chuck the Security Guard
1982: Chuck's Choice Cuts (straight to video special produced for Admit One Video) - Chuck the Security Guard
1983: The Littlest Hobo - Drugue / Proust / Mr. Proust / Murphy
1985: Terminal Choice - Kingsley's Son-in-law
1986: Mafia Princess - Make-up Artist
1986: Police Academy 3: Back in Training - Mr. Delaney
1987: Ford: The Man and the Machine - Connors
1988: Friday the 13th: The Series - Phil / Bernie Bell
1989: Champagne Charlie (TV movie) - David McLeod
1989: George's Island - Blinky
1990: Dracula: The Series - Lane Zorro
1991: Street Legal - Ed Hollis
1992: The Shower - Wayne
1993: Shining Time Station - Ringmaster
1993: E.N.G. - Philpott
1994: The Ref - Santa Family #2
1994: Paint Cans - Wick Burns
1994: The Mighty Jungle - Brill
1995: Almost Golden: The Jessica Savitch Story (TV movie) - Arnie
1995: Iron Eagle IV - Col. Birkett
1995: Kung Fu: The Legend Continues
1996: F/X: The Series - Konich
1997: Lexx: The Dark Zone Stories (TV series regular) - Video Customs Officer
1997: Good Will Hunting - M.I.T. Professor
1998: Elimination Dance
1998: Made in Canada - Brian
1998: La Femme Nikita - Gufeld
1999: Power Play - Harrison Boulder
1999: Love Letters (TV movie) - Harry
2000: Urban Legends: Final Cut - Dean Patterson
2000: The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne - Dr. Cordoba
2002: Puppets Who Kill - Dr. Lester / Chester the Great
2003: Slings and Arrows - Mr. Stewart
2004: Zixx: Level One
2004: Wonderfalls - Pastor
2004: This is Wonderland
2007: Is It Art? (CBC Television) - Himself - Host
2007: Full of It - Mr. Von Der Ahe
2008: The Border - Bennett Barden
2009: Little Mosque on the Prairie - Rivertree's Father
In development: Things That Intimidate Me (TVOntario)
References
External links
Northern Stars: Chas Lawther
Foolish Earthling Productions: 10,000 Shiftless Nights production information All-Night Show reunion programme.
Chas Lawther at TV Guide
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
British emigrants to Canada
Canadian television writers
Canadian screenwriters
Canadian male television writers
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male voice actors
Male actors from Toronto
Writers from Toronto
Operation Avalanche was a major United States investigation of child pornography on the Internet launched in 1999 after the arrest and conviction of Thomas and Janice Reedy, who operated an Internet pornography business called Landslide Productions in Fort Worth, Texas. It was made public in early August 2001 at the end of Operation Avalanche that 100 arrests were made out of 144 suspects. It was followed by Operation Ore in the United Kingdom, Operation Snowball in Canada, Operation Pecunia in Germany, Operation Amethyst in Ireland and Operation Genesis in Switzerland.
Although US prosecutions were made on the basis of other evidence, later reconstruction of the Landslide site and review of the computer hard drives in the UK identified flaws in the police forensic procedures used and contradicted evidence on the website given at the Reedys' trial. Specifically, investigation of the Landslide data indicated many names listed were victims of credit card fraud, and that there was no link on the Landslide front page to take the user to child pornography sites as stated in sworn trial testimony.
Landslide Productions, Inc.
Thomas Reedy was a self-taught computer programmer and entrepreneur living in the Fort Worth, Texas area. He trained and worked as a nurse but, understanding the financial possibilities of the Internet, he set up an adult pornography website that provided a comfortable income. He soon developed a better strategy to provide middleman services for the adult pornography industry. In 1997 he set up Landslide Productions, Inc., which he ran with his wife Janice, who handled bookkeeping for the company. Landslide quickly became an adult pornography empire stretching across three continents, with some 300,000 subscribers in 60 countries. Within two years the company made $10 million and provided the owners with a luxurious lifestyle.
Landslide provided payment systems for adult webmasters from different countries. The systems were automated; webmasters could sign up to the system online and users accessing the websites would go through the payment or login system before being granted access. The principal systems were AVS for Adult Verification System and Keyz because it operated via the keyz.com domain name owned by Landslide.
The AVS system was meant to legally protect the companies from laws against disseminating pornography to minors, as the credit card was used to verify that the user attempting to access a particular website was of legal age to view the website's content. Users could sign up with their credit cards to access affiliated sites, which received 65% of the sign-up fee, while Landslide took the remainder and handled the transactions with the credit card companies.
In 1998 Thomas Reedy recognized systematic fraud in streams of different credit cards being signed up in batches from the same internet address to the same website. In the use of stolen card information, Landslide would have had to bear the loss if there had been a chargeback from the card issuer, often including a penalty fee; also, the credit card industry imposed a 1% maximum for chargebacks. To preserve his business, Reedy traced the source of the traffic and set up a new web service called Badcard.com to capture card numbers coming from the same internet address, and drew up lists of addresses and card numbers that appeared to be suspiciously used. However, his efforts failed to stop the fraudulent charges.
Landslide went out of business in August 1999, as the fraudulent charges passed the 1% ceiling, leading to Superior Credit withdrawing its merchant services on August 10. Without this merchant account Landslide could not charge credit cards and could no longer fulfill the primary function of the business. Reportedly, the biggest source of fraud at that time was coming through websites run by US law enforcement as part of a sting operation.
Landslide Investigation
In April 1999 in Texas the United States Postal Inspection Service received an internal complaint through postal inspector Robert Adams. Adams had received a tip from Ronnie Miller, an acquaintance in Saint Paul, Minnesota who provided information about a website advertising child pornography. The image in question was being sourced from a website in Indonesia, which presented the question as to whether the USPIS could legally investigate and prosecute it.
In early 1999 the United States Postal Inspection Service engaged the Dallas Police Department to further investigate whether the image from Indonesia could be prosecuted. As a part of a nationwide initiative funded by the Office of Justice Program's Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (OJJDP), The United States Department of Justice had announced a grant from the Internet Crimes Against Children Taskforce Program to the Dallas Police Department on January 10, 1998. The purpose of the ICAC was to investigate and prosecute Internet crimes against children.
The court transcriptions from the case against Landslide Productions revealed that the Dallas Police Department had formed a relationship with Microsoft Corporation after the software maker had encouraged its technical employees to volunteer their time to better the community in which they lived. After having confirmed that prosecution would be difficult because the image in question was indeed being sourced from Indonesia, the Dallas Police Department asked its local Microsoft volunteers to assist in investigating the image. Using Web Buddy, a computer program designed to display Internet traffic on geographic maps, the volunteers helped the Dallas police verify that internet traffic related to Ronnie Miller's complaint was passing through the routers of Ft. Worth-based Landslide Productions.
An adult classified section of the Landslide website allegedly included postings offering to trade Landslide-owned Keyz passwords, and illegal child pornography sites were found to be using the Keyz payment system. The U.S. Postal Inspection Service (USPIS) and Dallas police presented their findings to Terri Moore, an Assistant District Attorney in the Dallas/Fort Worth area, and received warrants to search the Landslide business offices and the Reedy home. In August 1999 45 to 50 law enforcement officials from a number of agencies conducted a raid on the Landslide business offices in Fort Worth.
The raid of the Reedys' Fort Worth residence resulted in confiscation of a home computer, on which computer expert Dane Heiskel uncovered business emails confirming his knowledge of customers using Reedy's payment system to access child pornography. Sexually explicit images of children were also found on this computer.
Police seized the assets and records of Landslide and arrested Thomas and Janice Reedy. Prosecutors offered Thomas a 20-year prison term and Janice a five-year term if they would plead guilty, but the Reedys refused the plea deal, believing they could not be held legally responsible for the content of third-party websites. Reedy maintained that he had attempted to run a legitimate business, writing software to reduce fraud, reporting illegal sites to the FBI and cooperating with the ensuing investigations. According to Reedy, he was told by Special Agent Frank Super to leave the sites in his index for later investigation.
In January 2000 Thomas Reedy was convicted of trafficking in child pornography through testimony from witnesses including Sharon Girling, a UK police officer at SOCA/NCS. Based on a prior police investigation in the UK, Girling identified victims in the pictures from a website that used the Landslide payment system. Thomas Reedy was sentenced to 1,335 years in prison, a sentence that was reduced to 180 years on appeal.
Operation Avalanche
The Reedy case led to the creation of a nationwide network of 30 federally funded task forces to fight Internet crimes against children. In August 2001, Attorney General John Ashcroft and Chief Postal Inspector Kenneth Weaver announced the launch of Operation Avalanche, an operation to gather evidence against users of the Landslide gateway and payment system. The seized database records included 35,000 US subscribers, some of whom were targeted with invitations to purchase child pornography by mail. The Chicago Tribune reported that the government also continued to run the Reedys' Landslide website for a time as part of the sting. As a result of Operation Avalanche, 100 suspects were arrested following 144 searches in 37 states.
The FBI then passed identities from the database to the police organizations of other countries, including 7,272 names to the UK and 2,329 names to Canada. Initial results of the operation seemed positive, as the gateway site and payment system were closed down and thousands of possible users of child pornography websites were identified for later investigation.
Controversies
Police conducting Operation Ore in the UK targeted all names for investigation due to the difference in laws in between the US and the UK, which allowed for arrest on a charge of incitement to distribute child pornography based solely on the presence of a name in the database, regardless of whether the card was used—fraudulently or not—for child pornography or for other legal adult sites. Law in the UK allows conviction on the basis of incitement to distribute indecent images; as such, the mere presence on the database, regardless of the legality of the sites paid for, was sufficient to warrant prosecution. In all, 3,744 people were investigated and arrested and 1,451 of those convicted. However, a subsequent challenge by those targeted led to an independent reconstruction of the Landslide site and a closer inspection of the database and the payment transactions.
In 2005 and 2007 UK investigative journalist Duncan Campbell wrote a series of articles criticizing police forensic procedures and trial evidence. After obtaining copies of the Landslide hard drives, Campbell publicly identified evidence of massive credit card fraud, including thousands of charges where there was no access to any porn site at all. Campbell stated, "Independent computer expert Jim Bates of Computer Investigations said 'the scale of the fraud, especially hacking, just leapt off the screen'."
Campbell's articles also indicated that sworn statements provided by Dallas detective Steve Nelson and US postal inspector Michael Mead were false. They testified that entry to the Landslide site was through a front-page screen featuring a button saying "Click Here (for) Child Porn". However, the later investigation established that the button was never on the website's front page. Instead, it was on an advertising banner for another website buried deep in the Landslide offerings.
After Campbell's articles appeared, independent computer expert Jim Bates of "Computer Investigations" was charged and convicted of four counts of making false statements and one count of perjury regarding his qualifications and barred from appearing as an expert witness. He was later arrested for possession of indecent images during his Operation Ore investigation. However, the search of Bates' home was later ruled unlawful.
See also
Operation Ore
Duncan Campbell
References
External links
"Operation Avalanche: Tracking child porn", BBC News, November 11, 2002.
"Operation Ore flawed by fraud" The Guardian April 19, 2007
Further reading
Avalanche, Operation
Law enforcement operations in the United States
BiPhoria is social and support group for bisexual people in Manchester, England. It is the oldest extant bisexual organisation in the UK having launched in 1994. As its central mission since then it has welcomed people who are just coming out or new to the area to have opportunities to meet and talk with other bisexuals, and those who are questioning their sexual orientation who think they may be bisexual.
As the only bi-specific organisation in the North West of England for much of the time since its formation, its work has extended beyond the city of Manchester including sparking similar groups in other cities including Birmingham, Edinburgh, Leeds and Liverpool.
The group's aim is to provide space and voice for bisexual people and to facilitate the development of a cohesive bisexual community in Manchester and across the North West. The group works to promote bisexual visibility, to protect the bisexual community from discrimination and biphobia and assists and empowers the individual community members, their families and friends to live fuller and happier lives.
It has been shortlisted for a number of LGBT related awards and took fifth place for Best LGBT Group in the Pink Paper's 2010 reader awards.
History
The first meeting was on 1 September 1994 at the Lesbian and Gay Centre on Sidney Street. In September 2000 main meetings moved to the LGBT Foundation, at the time called the Lesbian & Gay Foundation.
By 1997 it had its own webpage as part of the then bi.org worldwide bisexual site, and in 2003 it was the first UK bisexual group to acquire its own web domain, biphoria.org.uk.
Services
In addition to its core social-support meetings, BiPhoria provides support to the bisexual community, including a website and links to resources, outreach work and research publications.
Like other UK bi organisations, its work covers the broad "bisexual umbrella" of people who are attracted to people of more than one gender - whichever they prefer amongst labels like bisexual, pansexual, omnisexual, or multisexual.
Publications
In 2003 BiPhoria published the Bisexual Life report, identifying bisexual community priorities for the local council based on focus group interviews.
In 2010 as part of work with local NHS services a guide to "Bisexuality and Mental Health".
In 2011 the booklet "Getting Bi In A Gay / Straight World" was published, a 24-page guide to coming out and staying out as bisexual. Further editions followed in 2014 and 2017.
In 2013 the "BiCon Survey" explored the backgrounds and motivations of people who attend bisexual community events in the UK.
Awards
The group has been shortlisted for a number of LGBT community awards.
The Bolton Pride Awards 2016 saw BiPhoria shortlisted for best support group.
In 2015 it was shortlisted for Best LGBT Support Group in the ShoutOut awards.
The 2015 Inclusive Networks awards shortlisted BiPhoria for best network.
The European Diversity Awards in 2015 saw BiPhoria shortlisted for Community Group of the Year.
In 2009 the group was shortlisted for Best Local Group in the Pink Paper Readers' Awards
See also
Bisexual community
References
External links
Official website
Twitter
Facebook page
Instagram account
LGBT organisations in England
Bisexual organizations
LGBT culture in Manchester
Organisations based in Manchester
Extra is a Mexican convenience store chain owned by Grupo Modelo, which started operations in 1993. In 2007 the chain closed 650 stores and in 2009 started another restructuring plan. It competes fiercely with OXXO from Femsa, 7-Eleven from Casa Chapa, SuperCity from Soriana and Circle K from Alimentation Couche-Tard. The point of sale is provided by IBM. In 2014, Couche-Tard sold its Extra stores to Grupo Modelo, a brewery owned by AB InBev.
Gallery
References
Convenience stores
Retail companies of Mexico
Alimentation Couche-Tard
Retail companies established in 1993
Adelaide was a wooden schooner that was lost after leaving Newcastle, New South Wales carrying a load of coal on a voyage to Gisborne, New Zealand in May 1898. There were two deaths.
Further reading
Online Databases
Australian National Shipwreck Database
Australian Shipping - Arrivals and Departures 1788-1968 including shipwrecks
Encyclopedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks
Books
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast. By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises. 1993 .
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 3 1871–1900 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Geelong Vic: List Publishing, 1982 910.4530994 LON
References
External links
Shipwrecks of the Hunter Region
Ships built in New South Wales
1879 ships
Maritime incidents in 1898
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Schooners of Australia
Gary Radin is an American designer, philanthropist and author. Radin heads up the creative studio GMRdesign, is co-editor of the book "What If It's Not Alzheimer's? - A Caregiver's Guide to Dementia" and co-founder of a not-for-profit. He currently resides in the Philadelphia area and works nationally.
Early life and education
Born in New Haven, Connecticut, Radin began his interest in art and design development in theater and architectural model making at a very young age. He participated in the Yale School of Architecture with Cesar Pelli public awareness program at the age of 13. Radin brought his passion for theater and an eye for space and form to University of Massachusetts Amherst, where he received a BFA in Interior Design. His studies were extensive in interior architecture, theater and graphics. These formative influences continue to shape the world he designs.
Career
Radin has long been fascinated with immersive environments and his work includes the genres of production design, scenic design and graphic design. A multi-discipline approach to design is the basis of professional projects for television, live events, exhibits, interior design and specialty environments. He has been integral in the management and successful growth of three creative service companies. His work has been published in print and online media including Event Design, Architectural Digest, Special Events and Broadcast Engineering magazines and awarded by IFEA-International Festival and Events Association and BizBash Media. He is committed to transforming space that positively impacts people and how they experience the world.
Philanthropy
Radin co-founded the non-profit Neil L Radin Caregiver's Relief Foundation in 1998 honoring his deceased father, Neil Radin. The original mission was to provide financial grants to Caregivers in need of assistance for their loved ones suffering from neurodegenerative dementias with conditions not recognized by health insurance benefits or not eligible for aid based on age or financial need. Beginning in 2003 the organization provided seed funding to The Association for Frontotemporal Degeneration (AFTD). CRF provides ongoing support to this non-profit organization with a national mission to promote research and provide resources for non-Alzheimer's disorders. Radin also supports the mission of the Alzheimer's Association and has provided ongoing support for programs, services and events since 1999. Additionally, for more than 15 years he has facilitated a support group for adult children caregivers of sufferers of regressive brain diseases.
Notable design projects
Philadelphia Flower Show 2008–2022 entrance gardens and master planning for the largest indoor flower show in the world established in 1829. Numerous designs have received industry awards.
Great American Country GAC Television studios-Music Row, Nashville
Jewelry Television Broadcast television studios
Books
What If It's Not Alzheimer's? - A Caregiver's Guide to Dementia, co-authored with Lisa Radin published by Prometheus Books, 2003; revised 2008; 3rd edition 2014, 4th edition 2022.
Although the public most often associates dementia with Alzheimer's disease, the medical profession now distinguishes various types of “other” dementias. What If It's Not Alzheimer's? is the first and only comprehensive guide dealing with frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD), the most common dementia afflicting persons under the age of 60. This book offers daily-care ideas for caregivers to implement, reveals new discoveries of how genes and proteins are linked to the causes of dementia, explains the changes in terminology that have developed over the past several years, explores non pharmacological approaches to managing care, and provides more guidance and resources to aid caregivers along this challenging journey. All contributors to this volume either are specialists in their fields or have exceptional hands-on experience with FTD sufferers.
Affiliations
Gary Radin has been a member of numerous professional organizations including:
American Alliance of Museums (AAM)
Meeting Professionals International (MPI)
International Live Events Association (ILEA) (formerly ISES)
International Television Association (ITVA)
References
External links
GMRdesign official website
The Association for Frontotemporal Degeneration AFTD website
Alzheimer's Association website
PHS Philadelphia Flower Show
Media coverage and awards
BIZBASH MEDIA 2022: 15 Over 50 Event Leaders
BIZBASH MEDIA 2021: 500 Most Influential Event Professionals
BIZBASH MEDIA 2020: 500 Must-Know Event Pros
BIZBASH MEDIA 2019: Top 1000 People In Events
BIZBASH MEDIA 2018: Top 500 People In Events
BizBash Media 2020 Best Event of the Decade: Best Staging and Set Design 2016 “Explore America - Celebrating 100 Years of the National Park Service” PHS Philadelphia Flower Show
BizBash Media 2020 Best Event of the Decade: Best Environment Design 2012 “HAWAII: Islands of Aloha” PHS Philadelphia Flower Show
BizBash Media 2020 National Event Style Awards Finalist: Best Event Decor - Budget Over $250,000 (PHS Philadelphia Flower Show Entrance Garden "Flower Power")
BizBash Media 2017 National Event Style Awards Winner: Best Staging and Set Design (PHS Philadelphia Flower Show Entrance Garden "HOLLAND Flowering the World")
BizBash Media 2015 National Event Style Awards Winner: Best Event Decor - Budget Over $250,000 (PHS Philadelphia Flower Show Entrance Garden "Celebrate the Movies")
International Festivals and Events Association IFEA Gold Pinnacle Award: Best On-Site Decor - Budget Over $1.5 Million (2019, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2014, 2013 PH Living people American scenic designers Artists from Philadelphia Artists from New Haven, Connecticut University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni Year of birth missing (living people) S Philadelphia Flower Show Entrance Garden)
Acarigua (), founded as San Miguel de Acarigua, is a city in northwestern Venezuela, in the northern part of the state of Portuguesa.
Formerly the state capital, it is a major commercial center for the northern Llanos region of South America. It is contiguous with the neighboring city of Araure.
Demographics
The city's population was 116,551 in 1990 and was estimated at 208,495 in 2008.
Religion
Its Cathedral Catedral de Nuestra Señora de la Corteza is the episcopal see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Acarigua–Araure.
Climate
Ecology
Fauna
The Thysania agrippina is one of the world's largest moths, with wings in size.
Flora
The saman or Samanea saman is the most widespread tree throughout the city.
Protected areas
Parque Musiu Carmelo
Parque Mittar Nakichenovich
Balneario Sabanetica
Balneario el Mamón
Parque Curpa, popularly known as José Antonio Páez Park.
Production
Acarigua is a principal commercial center of the northern portion of the Llanos (plains), in which cattle, peanuts, sorghum, cashews, beans, cotton, corn (maize), and rice are the principal products.
Media
Acarigua is home to 3 regional newspapers, and the community TV station Siguaraya TV.
Transport
Acarigua is served by the Oswaldo Guevara Mujica Airport.
Sports
It is home to Portuguesa FC, whose home stadium is the Estadio General José Antonio Paez.
Notable people
Luis Antonio Herrera Campins (1925-2007), was President of Venezuela
See also
Araure
2019 Portuguesa, Venezuela prison uprising
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20130518175934/http://acarigua-araure.net/
Cities in Portuguesa (state)
Populated places established in 1620
1620 establishments in the Spanish Empire
The Atlanta Braves are a Major League Baseball franchise based in Atlanta. They play in the National League East division. Also known in their early years as the "Boston Red Caps" (1876–1882), "Boston Beaneaters" (1883–1906), "Boston Doves" (1907–1910), "Boston Rustlers" (1911), "Boston Bees" (1936–1940), "Boston Braves" (1912–1935, 1941–1952), and "Milwaukee Braves" (1953–1965), pitchers for the Braves have thrown 14 no-hitters in franchise history.
A no-hitter is officially recognized by Major League Baseball only "when a pitcher (or pitchers) allows no hits during the entire course of a game, which consists of at least nine innings", though one or more batters "may reach base via a walk, an error, a hit by pitch, a passed ball or wild pitch on strike three, or catcher's interference". No-hitters of less than nine complete innings were previously recognized by the league as official; however, several rule alterations in 1991 changed the rule to its current form.
A perfect game, a special subcategory of no-hitter, has yet to be thrown in Braves history. As defined by Major League Baseball, "in a perfect game, no batter reaches any base during the course of the game."
History
Jack Stivetts threw the first no-hitter in Braves history on August 6, 1892; the most recent no-hitter was thrown by Kent Mercker on April 8, 1994. Two left-handed pitchers have thrown no-hitters in franchise history while eleven were by right-handers. Twelve no-hitters were thrown at home and only two on the road. They threw three in April, one in May, two in June, five in August, and three in September. The longest interval between no-hitters was between the games pitched by Tom Hughes and Jim Tobin, encompassing 27 years, 10 months, and 20 days from June 16, 1916 till April 27, 1944. Conversely, the shortest interval between no-hitters was between the games pitched by Lew Burdette and Warren Spahn, encompassing merely 29 days from August 18, 1960 till September 16, 1960.
The Braves have no-hit the Philadelphia Phillies the most, which occurred four times, which were no-hit by George Davis in 1914, Jim Wilson in 1954, Burdette in 1960, and Spahn in 1960. There is one no-hitter which the team allowed one run, thrown by Vic Willis in 1899. The most baserunners allowed in a no-hitter was by Hughes (in 1916), who allowed seven. Of the fourteen no-hitters, three have been won by a score of 1–0, 2–0, and 7–0, more common than any other results. The largest margin of victory in a no-hitter was an 11–0 win by Stivetts in 1892. The smallest margin of victory in a no-hitter was a 1–0 wins by Burdette in 1960, Spahn in 1961, and a combined no-hitter by Kent Mercker, Mark Wohlers, and Alejandro Peña in 1991.
The Braves are the only team to claim three straight no-hitters with no other teams throwing one between: the Burdette and Spahn no-hitters in 1960, followed by Spahn's second no-hitter in 1961.
Umpire
The umpire is part of any no-hitter. The task of the umpire in a baseball game is to make any decision "which involves judgment, such as, but not limited to, whether a batted ball is fair or foul, whether a pitch is a strike or a ball, or whether a runner is safe or out… [the umpire's judgment on such matters] is final." Part of the duties of the umpire making calls at home plate includes defining the strike zone, which "is defined as that area over homeplate (sic) the upper limit of which is a horizontal line at the midpoint between the top of the shoulders and the top of the uniform pants, and the lower level is a line at the hollow beneath the kneecap." These calls define every baseball game and are therefore integral to the completion of any no-hitter. 12 different umpires presided over each of the franchise's 14 no-hitters.
Manager
The manager is another integral part of any no-hitter. The tasks of the manager include determining the starting rotation as well as batting order and defensive lineup every game. Managers choosing the right pitcher and right defensive lineup at a right game at a right place at a right time would contribute to a no-hitter. 10 different managers, most recently Bobby Cox, have led the franchise during the team's 14 no-hitters.
List of no-hitters in Braves history
See also
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
References
External links
Braves Rare Feats: No-hitters at Atlanta Braves official site
No-hitters
Atlanta Braves
Nikitinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 2 as of 2002.
Geography
Nikitinskaya is located 71 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ilyukhinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
A Rubinstein bargaining model refers to a class of bargaining games that feature alternating offers through an infinite time horizon. The original proof is due to Ariel Rubinstein in a 1982 paper. For a long time, the solution to this type of game was a mystery; thus, Rubinstein's solution is one of the most influential findings in game theory.
Requirements
A standard Rubinstein bargaining model has the following elements:
Two players
Complete information
Unlimited offers—the game keeps going until one player accepts an offer
Alternating offers—the first player makes an offer in the first period, if the second player rejects, the game moves to the second period in which the second player makes an offer, if the first rejects, the game moves to the third period, and so forth
Delays are costly
Solution
Consider the typical Rubinstein bargaining game in which two players decide how to divide a pie of size 1. An offer by a player takes the form x = (x1, x2) with x1 + x2 = 1 and . Assume the players discount at the geometric rate of d, which can be interpreted as cost of delay or "pie spoiling". That is, 1 step later, the pie is worth d times what it was, for some d with 0<d<1.
Any x can be a Nash equilibrium outcome of this game, resulting from the following strategy profile: Player 1 always proposes x = (x1, x2) and only accepts offers x where x1' ≥ x1. Player 2 always proposes x = (x1, x2) and only accepts offers x where x2' ≥ x2.
In the above Nash equilibrium, player 2's threat to reject any offer less than x2 is not credible. In the subgame where player 1 did offer x2' where x2 > x2' > d x2, clearly player 2's best response is to accept.
To derive a sufficient condition for subgame perfect equilibrium, let x = (x1, x2) and y = (y1, y2) be two divisions of the pie with the following property:
x2 = d y2, and
y1 = d x1,
i.e.
x = (x1, x2), and
y = (d x1, ).
Consider the strategy profile where player 1 offers x and accepts no less than y1, and player 2 offers y and accepts no less than x2. Player 2 is now indifferent between accepting and rejecting, therefore the threat to reject lesser offers is now credible. The same applies to a subgame in which it is player 1's turn to decide whether to accept or reject. In this subgame perfect equilibrium, player 1 gets 1/(1+d) while player 2 gets d/(1+d). This subgame perfect equilibrium is essentially unique.
A Generalization
When the discount factor is different for the two players, for the first one and for the second, let us denote the value for the first player as .
Then a reasoning similar to the above gives
yielding . This expression reduces to the original one for .
Desirability
Rubinstein bargaining has become pervasive in the literature because it has many desirable qualities:
It has all the aforementioned requirements, which are thought to accurately simulate real-world bargaining.
There is a unique solution.
The solution is pretty clean, which wasn't necessarily expected given the game is infinite.
There is no delay in the transaction.
As both players become infinitely patient or can make counteroffers increasingly quickly (i.e. as d approaches 1), then both sides get half of the pie.
The result quantifies the advantage of being the first to propose (and thus potentially avoiding the discount).
The generalized result quantifies the advantage of being less pressed for time, i.e. of having a discount factor closer to 1 than that of the other party.
References
Further reading
Game theory
Bargaining theory
The rufous-tailed flatbill (Ramphotrigon ruficauda) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Rufous-tailed flatbill is a fairly common flycatcher of lowland forest in northern South America. It is somewhat solitary in areas of open understory in varzea and terra firme lowland humid forest, primarily in the Orinoco and Amazon drainages. The species is a distinctive, small flycatcher, mostly olive on the body with an obviously rufous tail and blackish wings with rufous edging. The rufous-tailed flatbill is most frequently located by its call, a two-part whistle with the first part long and rising and the second part lower and abbreviated.
Habitat
It occurs in humid lowland evergreen forest. It usually forages in the midstory of terra firme forest. It prefers sites with an open understory.
Systematics
The genus Ramphotrigon used to be considered to be related to Tolmomyias and Rhynchocyclus, two other genera of small tyrant flycatchers with broad bills . It is proposed that Ramphotrigon was more closely related to Myiarchus, due to shared derived features of the cranium and syrinx, and to shared similarities in nest site. Two recent phylogenetic analyses of DNA sequence data yielded somewhat incongruent information on the relationships of Ramphotrigon. Both studies confirmed, however, that Ramphotrigon is not at all closely related to Tolmomyias or Rhynchocyclus. It is found that Ramphotrigon is basal to a clade that includes Myiarchus (as well as Tyrannus and related genera),
Vocalizations
Call or day song is a low-pitched whistle. This vocalization has been described as "a softly whistled, drawn-out weeeaaaweee, sometimes followed by [a] brief low note, has wheezy quality", and as "a low, rising-falling or slightly quavering, mewing whistle: meeooo, or with terminal emphasis: meeooo'OO . The dawn song is similar to "an alternating mournful toooo, reer; wheeee-oooh, the last two notes being like the normal daytime song" or "a low mewing whistle ending with a higher hiccup: meeoooOOoo'WEEpur!"
Similar species
The sharply two-toned basic pattern of the rufous-tailed flatbill - an olive-green bird with a bright rufous tail and wings - is distinctive and easily identifiable. Compare to dusky-tailed flatbill (Ramphotrigon fuscicauda), which has dusky rectrices and remiges and a more heavily streaked breast.
References
Neotropical Birds. . 16:33, 7 December 2011 (UTC)
rufous-tailed flatbill
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
rufous-tailed flatbill
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Balacra furva is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1911. It is found in Ghana and Ivory Coast.
References
Balacra
Moths described in 1911
Erebid moths of Africa
Digitalis thapsi, which has been called mullein foxglove in the US, is a flowering plant in the genus Digitalis that is endemic to the Iberian Peninsula, where it occurs in eastern Portugal and central and western Spain. It is of commercial importance as an ornamental plant. Hybrids with D. purpurea have proved successful and are fertile.
Names
A Missouri Botanical Garden website calls it mullein foxglove. Local vernacular names recorded for this species are abeloura, abeloura-amarelada, aboleira, aveloeira, dedaleira, luvas de Santa María, pegajo and rabo de raposa in Portuguese, whereas in Spanish the most common name is dedalera, followed by viloria, viluria, giloria, dedales and mataperla, but it has also been called abiloria, abiluria, abortones, bacera, beleño, biloria, biluria, campanilla, cascante, cascaor, chupadera, chupamieles, chupera, cohete, cohetera, cohetes, deales, dedales de niño, dedales purpúreos, dediles, digital, digitalis, emborrachacabras, estallones, goldaperra, guadalperra, gualdaperra, guardaperros, hueltaperra, mata de lagartija, mataperros, rabera, ravera, raéra, restalladera, restralleti, restrallos, sabia, tuercecuellos and vueltaperra.
Taxonomy
It was first described in the modern taxonomic system by Carl Linnaeus in 1763.
The genus Digitalis was formerly assigned to the family Scrophulariaceae, but it is now considered belonging within the Plantaginaceae.
Hybrids
Joseph Gottlieb Kölreuter, a German botanist, observed that D. thapsi had many characteristics of D. purpurea after four to five generations of cultivation, and that the former became indistinguishable from the latter, a report that was considered "probably" trustworthy by Charles Darwin. D. thapsi and D. purpurea hybrids are generally fertile.
In many areas of Spain and Portugal populations of D. thapsi and D. purpurea meet, and introgression is common. These have been known as D. purpurea nothosubsp. carpetana and D. minor in error in two older Portuguese works (1906, 1913), but this hybrid is now generally known as D. × coutinhoi.
Description
Habitus
Digitalis thapsi is a perennial plant. Its yellow-green leaves are ovate to oblong in shape and decurrent, with winged bases. The flowers, stems and leaves are covered with a dense indumentum of tiny hairs, giving them a soft appearance. These yellow-green hairs (trichomes) are exclusively glandular. The entire plant is very sticky (glutinose). It is caespitose, meaning it grows with its large leaves tightly arranged into one, or a number, of rosettes growing at or just above ground level. In older plants the base becomes woody and highly branched at ground level, so that a single plant has multiple rosettes. The green, round to slightly angular stems grow to (30-)50 to 80(-100)cm in height before they start to flower. The stems are similarly entirely covered in glandular hairs; these are present in two forms: short and subsessile, or much longer, 0.4 to 0.6mm.
The chromosome count is 2n=56.
Leaves
The lower basal leaf blades are 7.5 to 13cm (exceptionally 19cm) in length, 2.5 to 5cm in width, more or less flat but sometimes undulated along the margins, and oblong to elliptic in shape, with a sharp to somewhat sharply tipped apex. The bases of the leaves taper gradually into the petioles. The texture is soft, not leathery. The underside is rugose-reticular in texture, coloured greenish-yellow and very densely packed with glandular hairs. The leaves in the middle of the rosette are clearly decurrent. The margins are denticulate or somewhat so, rarely subentire.
Flowers
The pink, rarely white, flowers are arranged in an inflorescence in the form of a raceme, 15 to 35cm in length with 15 to 40 individual flowers. The inflorescence has glandular hairs along its shaft, is not stiff, and is secundiflorous, meaning the flowers follow each other in succession. The flowers have a 1 to 2cm long pedicel which is curved at the base, and shorter to equal in length to the subtending bracts. The flowers hang somewhat, and are separated by internodes of 8-15mm. The bracts are 12 to 20mm in length and 2 to 3mm broad, glandular and lanceolate in shape.
Chemistry
According to Dutch botanist Herman Boerhaave, writing at the turn of the 17th century, Digitalis species are highly poisonous if directly ingested. All parts are poisonous. In studies, the restriction of calcium ions resulted in cardenolide accumulation in D. thapsi. Calcium quantity affects the redox chemical reactions in the cells. Without calcium, changes in antioxidant function were observed and catalase activity was slow. In another study, lack of calcium retarded growth and promoted digoxin formation. Manganese sulfate and lithium chloride also increased the digoxin concentration, but did not affect growth. Calcium oxalate crystals have also been isolated from D. thapsi.
Similar species
In 1841 Pierre Edmond Boissier considered it the most similar to D. mariana, which he was then describing as a new species, having collected from the same region. In the dichotomous key in the Flora Iberica, it is keyed out to D. mariana, D. minor and D. purpurea. D. thapsi is distinguished from these three other similar species by being the only very sticky species, being completely covered in relatively long, yellowish, glandular hairs. It is also the only species in which the leaves in the middle of the rosette are clearly decurrent. D. minor, an endemic of the Balearic Islands, is not sympatric with D. thapsi.
Distribution
Digitalis thapsi is an endemic species of the Iberian Peninsula, occurring in both Portugal and Spain. It grows in the mountains and rocky plains of the central and central-western parts of the Iberian Peninsula, especially in the Sistema Central and its extensions between the rivers of the Douro and Tagus.
It is widespread in Spain, occurring in the western and central parts of the country. It does not occur on the Balearic Islands. It occurs in the provinces of Ávila, Badajoz, Cáceres, Córdoba, Guadalajara, Madrid, Salamanca, Segovia, Soria, Toledo and Zamora. It has incidentally been found in the province of Burgos. In Andalucía it is only found in the north of the region, in the western Sierra Morena, where it is uncommon; it has been collected more often in the mountains of central Spain.
In Portugal it primarily occurs in the northern and central interior, more precisely in the districts of Bragança, Vila Real, Guarda, Viseu, Castelo Branco, Portalegre and Évora. With less frequency, it has also been found in the Porto, Aveiro, Coimbra, Santarém, Beja and Faro Districts.
Ecology
Digitalis thapsi grows in acidic soils. It grows on rocky ground and on slopes. It prefers sunny, open and disturbed places. It generally grows on soils derived from granite, but also sometimes on quartzite and schist. It grows at (rarely 100-) 500-1500 metres in altitude.
The specific phytosociological suballiance and alliance wherein it occurs is called 'Rumici indurati-Dianthion lusitani', which is in the order 'Phagnalo saxatilis-Rumicetalia indurati', in the class 'Phagnalo saxatilis-Rumicetea indurati'. It is a characteristic species of this phytocoenosis. In this habitat it occurs together with these following characteristic species: Antirrhinum graniticum subsp. graniticum, Antirrhinum rupestris, Arrhenatherum fernandesii, Biscutella bilbilitana, Centaurea monticola subsp. citricolor, Centaurea pinnata, Coincya leptocarpa, Coincya longirostra, Coincya pseudoerucastrum subsp. pseudoerucastrum, Coincya rupestris, Conopodium bunioides subsp. aranii, Conopodium majus subsp. marizianum, Crepis oporinoides, Dianthus crassipes subsp. crassipes, Dianthus crassipes subsp. sereneanus, Dianthus lusitanus, Digitalis mariana (both subspecies), Digitalis purpurea subsp. toletana, Erodium mouretti, Erysimum linifolium subsp. lagascae, Festuca duriotagana, Jasione sessiliflora subsp. tomentosa, Scrophularia oxyrhincha, Scrophularia sublyrata, Sedum hirsutum subsp. baeticum, Silene marizii, Silene × montistellensis and Verbascum rotundifolium subsp. castellanum.
In its native lands it flowers from June to July. In cultivation it flowers in late spring to early summer. A study of the fruiting activity in D. thapsi showed that production, size and number of seeds were interrelated. Analysis has shown that seed weight is not related to the length of the cotyledon, and that the length of the fifth leaf can serve as a useful factor in determining the genetic variability among specimens.
Uses
Agriculture
It is known that livestock avoid eating this plant, but an exception are goats, which will eat the leaves and flowers in times of shortage. Nonetheless, the plant is poisonous for them, causing stupor and paralysis -this was apparently once not an uncommon occurrence in Spain, and has spawned a number of idioms.
Cultivation
The species is used as a perennial, ornamental plant. It is low-growing, so is used in the border. It grows well in half-shaded to sun-exposed areas in temperate regions. It prefers organically rich, reasonably well-drained, acidic soils. In Missouri it is said to require constantly moist soil. In British gardens moderate watering is required; the plant has an average drought tolerance, and is adaptable to dry shady areas. It is tolerant of deer. Many gardeners remove the spent flower spikes soon after bloom, not allowing it to go to seed.
Besides normal cultivation, D. thapsi has been propagated using explant culture, a technique employed by isolating and harvesting meristem cells from pieces of tissue. Auxins NAA, 2,4-D and IAA alone or combined with BA produced a callus. NAA caused root formation and BA shoot formation. NAA and BA combined induced organ generation more effectively. Plantlets obtained this way had a survival rate of 70%.
A cultivar called 'Spanish Peaks' with raspberry-rose-coloured flowers and a compact habitus has been available in the US.
Traditional
In Spain the traditional uses have practically been abandoned. Recorded traditional uses are often identical to that those of D. purpurea; when questioned many informants in Salamanca believed that these were in fact the same species. It is generally thought that the difference in flower colour is due to some characteristic of the soil. Local people are aware it is poisonous. It was once locally used in herbalism as a cardiac tonic in many places. Other folk medicinal uses are local to specific cities or villages: in the hills near Salamanca the leaves were steeped in water to use for a sore throat or a decoction used for infected wounds, in a town in Galicia the flowers in water were used to combat inflammations, in the provinces of Zamora and Salamanca boils are said to heal after applying a poultice of the burnt basal leaves.
Conservation
It is not considered rare in a national or international perspective, but it has been classified as locally 'endangered' in the Regional Red List of Andalucía of 2005. The reason for this was that the different collection localities and populations in this region were fragmented and very small.
References
thapsi
Plants described in 1753
Flora of Portugal
Flora of Spain
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Endemic flora of the Iberian Peninsula
Kirsty Nicole Hickey (born 17 January 1996) is an English actress.
Personal life
Kirsty was born in London. In 2006 she attended Sylvia Young Theatre School.
Television career
In 2004, Hickey appeared on the BBC soap opera EastEnders in the Christmas party. She played numerous characters Zoe Slater, (Michelle Ryan), Pauline Fowler, (Wendy Richard) and Pat Butcher, (Pam St. Clement) all in famously well-known sketches, as well as singing and playing onset characters.
Hickey also appeared in Ministry Of Mayhem on ITV, Granada alongside Holly Willoughby and Stephen Mulhern. She played mini Polly with her trolley with Holly as the older Polly, where they both hosted the game of Cakey Sk8 with celebrities. The rules of the game were that, they propel cakes from skateboards, and the cake which reaches the highest up on the wall wins. In that same week, Kirsty met Girls Aloud – this edition was aired live in November 2005. She was interviewed on Richard & Judy about Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part one in 2006. She appeared on The X Factor singing and dancing alongside Rhydian Roberts, Same Difference, and the previous year Leona Lewis.
On 13 February 2011, Kirsty appeared on Got To Dance with the England tap team, Tap Attack. The team got down to the final 28 acts but did not go through to the finals.
Film career
In September 2009, Hickey filmed The Long Lonely Walk directed by Leon Chambers acting alongside Jeremy Sheffield, Sylvia Syms and Tessa Peake-Jones.
Theatre career
In 2005, Hickey appeared in Billy Elliot at the Victoria Palace Theatre, as the youngest ballet girl, Alison Summers, she performed with Haydn Gwynne, Alex Delamere and Chris Lennon. She then went back two years later and portrayed an older character. In 2007, Kirsty then went into Fiddler on the Roof playing Bielke, at the Savoy Theatre, working closely with Henry Goodman.
Voiceover career
Hickey is the voice of Annie in the UK dub Little Einsteins on Playhouse Disney.
Charity work
In late 2008, Hickey put together a charity showcase for her church parish, helping to raise funds to build a new church hall for Our Lady Of Lourdes Catholic Church. She also has taken part in many cabarets, performing in front of people such as Bruce Forsyth and The Princess Royal, in aid of raising monies for Save the Children. On 18 September 2010, Hickey performed in front of Pope Benedict XVI at Hyde Park, London to raise money for CAFOD. She also worked alongside the West cliff High School for Boys Charity Week committee in 2013.
References
External links
http://www.billyelliotthemusical.com/cast/balletgirls.html
http://www.curtainup.com/fiddlerlond07.html
http://www.thirdlightfilms.blogspot.com/
http://www.olol.co.uk/cms/news/downloaddoc.asp?DocRef=13...825...
http://www.olol.co.uk/cms/news/downloaddoc.asp?DocRef=13...825...
1996 births
Living people
English soap opera actresses
English child actresses
People from Leigh-on-Sea
The 2021–22 season was the 116th season in the existence of RC Lens and the club's second consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Lens participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Players
First team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Defenders
|-
! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Midfielders
|-
! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Forwards
|-
! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Players transferred out during the season
|-
References
RC Lens seasons
Lens
Li Fang (; born 27 January 1993) is a Chinese footballer.
Club career
In 2011, Li Fang started his senior football career with China League Two club Sichuan FCs as a forward. He moved to Terceira Divisão side Pombal in December 2011 and played three matches for Pombal in the 2011-12 season. Li returned to Sichuan in June 2012 and then transferred to Segunda Liga side Sporting Covilhã in August 2012. On 28 November 2012, he made his debut for Covilhã in a league match against União da Madeira where he's coming on as a substitute for Hugo Moreira in the 86th minute. He left Covilhã at the end of 2012/13 league season.
In February 2014, Li transferred to China League One side Chengdu Tiancheng. He made his debut for Chengdu on 27 July 2014 in a 2–1 home defeat against Qingdao Hainiu, coming on as a substitute for Gao Xiang in the 82nd minute. At Chengdu he would play in midfield and defence, however none of these changes would help in seeing the club avoid relegation at the end of the season, which saw Li become an unattached player in 2015 after Chengdu dissolved due to the downgrade.
Li joined China Super League side Chongqing Lifan in the 2016 season. He made his debut in a 2016 Chinese FA Cup match against Tianjin Quanjian with a 4–0 away defeat, coming on for Yang Yun in the 70th minute.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2019.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Sichuan
People from Guangyuan
Association football forwards
Liga Portugal 2 players
S.C. Covilhã players
S.C. Pombal players
Chengdu Tiancheng F.C. players
Chongqing Liangjiang Athletic F.C. players
Chinese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
China League Two players
Peter Seymour (born November 17, 1977 in Dallas, Texas) is a double bass player and composer who resides in Brooklyn, New York. He is the co-creator, manager and bass player of Project Trio, an internationally touring chamber music ensemble. He has performed in concert halls around the world, including Severance Hall, The Concertgebow, Lincoln Center and Carnegie Hall. Seymour is also an active educator. As a member of Project Trio, he organizes and performs in more than 100 school concerts a year.
Biography
Seymour earned his Bachelor of Music degree from the Cleveland Institute of Music and his Master of Music degree from Rice University, where he studied with Paul Ellison. While a student at Booker T. Washington High School for the Performing and Visual Arts, he won the 1997 Down Beat Award for best jazz soloist. In college, Seymour participated in some of America's finest music festivals, including Music Academy of the West, Chautauqua Institution and the New York String Orchestra Seminar at Mannes College.
After his education, Seymour went on to play in the New World Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Michael Tilson Thomas. He was also a member of the Colorado Music Festival Orchestra for seven seasons. Seymour has performed with a multitude of world class orchestras, including Houston Symphony, Iris Orchestra, the New York City Ballet and the Cleveland Orchestra.
While a member of the Colorado Music Festival, Seymour and the cellist Eric Stephenson conceived of forming a chamber music group that would combine elements of jazz, classical and popular music. Their original idea was to come together two or three times a year in various cities around the US for a week-long music infusion with concert and education/outreach activities. They approached the flautist Greg Patillo and created Project Trio. In 2005, they gathered in Cleveland for a series of performances and music workshops for youth. Seymour continued to work as a sub for the Cleveland Orchestra but after Patillo placed a video on YouTube that became a viral success for its unique mix of beatboxing and flute, he was persuaded to move to New York City to join Patillo and Stephenson. Project Trio has since recorded three critically acclaimed albums and performed in concert halls, clubs, classrooms and music festivals around the world, including Kennedy Center, Brooklyn Academy of Music and South By Southwest. The group also continues to be active in music education.
Discography
Project Trio: Live in Concert(DVD) (Harmonyville Records, 2011)
Project Trio Live Cuts No. 2 (Harmonyville Records, 2011)
Project Trio Live Cuts No. 1 (Harmonyville Records, 2011)
Project Trio (Harmonyville Records, 2010)
Brooklyn (Harmonyville Records, 2009)
Winter in June (Harmonyville Records, 2007)
References
External links
PROJECT Trio official website
'Podcast 39: Bassist Peter Seymour of Project Trio' Interview by Tigran Arakelyan
American jazz double-bassists
Classical double-bassists
American classical double-bassists
Male double-bassists
Avant-garde jazz musicians
American jazz composers
American male jazz composers
Musicians from New York City
1977 births
Living people
Cleveland Institute of Music alumni
Jazz musicians from New York (state)
Classical musicians from New York (state)
21st-century double-bassists
21st-century American male musicians
Darryl Fitzgerald (born 1990) is a New Zealand canoeist.
Darryl Fitzgerald may also refer to:
Darryl Fitzgerald, character in Almost Summer
Darryl Fitzgerald, character in Terri (film)
The Bratislava Marathon (also known as the Bratislava City Marathon, as well as the ČSOB Bratislava Marathon for sponsorship reasons), is an annual road-based marathon hosted by Bratislava, Slovakia. The current version of the marathon has been held since 2006, although the first marathon to be held regularly in Bratislava was inaugurated in 1932.
The marathon is a World Athletics Label Road Race and a member of the Association of International Marathons and Distance Races (AIMS). During the race weekend, a half marathon, a 10K run, a 4.2K run are also offered. A relay option is also offered for the full and half marathon distances.
Notes
References
External links
Official website
2006 establishments in Slovakia
Annual sporting events in Slovakia
April sporting events
Athletics competitions in Slovakia
Autumn events in Czechoslovakia
Marathons in Europe
Recurring sporting events established in 2006
Sports competitions in Bratislava
Sports competitions in Czechoslovakia
Spring (season) events in Slovakia
This is a list of adult nonfiction books that topped The New York Times Nonfiction Best Seller list in 2019, in the Combined Print & E-books Nonfiction category. The most frequent weekly best seller of the year was Becoming by Michelle Obama with 15 weeks at the top of the list; it was also the best seller for the last five weeks in 2018.
See also
The New York Times Fiction Best Sellers of 2019
References
2019
.
New York Times Nonfiction Best Sellers
Sucra was a defunct Norwegian holding company that was created in 2001 to own the alcoholic beverage producer and importer Arcus after it had been privatized. Sucra's main owners were Tine, Gilde, Norske Potetindustrier and Ekjord. Sucra bought 66% of Arcus in 2001 and the rest of the company in 2003. In 2005 Sucra and Arcus were sold to the Swedish investment company Ratos.
Holding companies of Norway
Companies based in Oslo
Holding companies established in 2001
Holding companies disestablished in 2005
2001 establishments in Norway
2005 disestablishments in Norway
A tesserarius (, from tessera, a small tile or block of wood on which watchwords were written) was a watch commander in the Roman army. They organized and had command over the nightly guard assigned to keep watch over the fort when in garrison or on campaign and were responsible for getting the watchwords from the commander and seeing that they were kept safe. There was one tesserarius to each centuria (Wilkes, 1972). They held a position similar to that of a first sergeant of a company in modern armies and acted as seconds to the optiones.
Tesserary pay was one and a half times (sesquiplicarii) that of the standard legionary pay.
See also
List of Roman army unit types
Citations
Military ranks of ancient Rome
The finals and the qualifying heats of the women's 200 metre individual medley event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Friday 16 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
Remarks
See also
1996 Women's Olympic Games 200m Individual Medley (Atlanta)
1997 Women's World SC Championships 200m Individual Medley (Gothenburg)
1997 Women's European LC Championships 200m Individual Medley (Seville)
2000 Women's Olympic Games 200m Individual Medley (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
1998 in women's swimming
E. A. M. Swazy (1809–1862) was an American politician.
Swazy was born in Vermont in 1809 and married Phoebe Stoddard. He served in the Iowa Legislative Assembly from 1838 to 1840, representing Van Buren County as a Democrat from District 4 of the Iowa Council. Outside of politics, Swazy was engaged in farming and the practice of law. He died in Farmington, Iowa, in 1862.
References
Farmers from Iowa
Iowa lawyers
1809 births
People from Vermont
1862 deaths
Iowa Democrats
Members of the Iowa Territorial Legislature
19th-century American politicians
People from Van Buren County, Iowa
19th-century American lawyers
Events from the year 1572 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Elizabeth I
Events
First Desmond rebellion ends (started in 1568).
Sack of Athenry by the Mac an Iarlas.
Births
Hugh Roe O'Donnell, Prince of Tyrconnell, helped to lead the Nine Years War (d. 1602).
Deaths
References
1570s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 16th century in Ireland
Queen's Quay is a section of the River Lagan, in the western Titanic Quarter of the city of Belfast, Northern Ireland.
As its name suggests, it originally located the southern section of the Belfast docks complex. But, as ships grew, it became a major transportation hub for both the capital and Northern Ireland.
Belfast & County Down Railway (B&CDR), Queen's Quay station
Originally it was located in the southern section of the Belfast docks complex, but as ships grew it became the Belfast terminus of the Belfast and County Down Railway, linking Belfast south-eastwards via 80 miles of track into County Down. The first train from the station ran on 2 August 1848 to Holywood, with services eventually extending as far as Castlewellan, Downpatrick, Newcastle and the fishing village of Ardglass.
Queen's Quay also housed the B&CDR's locomotive maintenance workshops, and from 1886 the carriage works. The last carriage was built in 1923. All lines except to Bangor closed in 1950 shortly after nationalisation into the Ulster Transport Authority. The station was closed and demolished in 1976, and Bangor services were diverted to the new Belfast Central Station via the reopened Belfast Central line.
Today
In part, Queen's Quay now encompasses the A2 as it crosses the River Lagan at both Queen's Bridge and the Queen Elizabeth Bridge, and the M3 via the Cross Harbour link. The former site of the B&CDR station was used for a maintenance shop for the Northern Ireland Railways system until the mid-nineties.
Development
Queen's Quay, being a virtually derelict and underdeveloped piece of land in central Belfast, is key to the development of the Titanic Quarter. After a number of development proposals, discussions are still taking place for a mixed-use development of housing, offices and retail, together with a small facility for leisure boats.
References
External links
Belfast Queen's Quay station signalbox
Geography of Belfast
Wharves in the United Kingdom
Ieuan Brydydd Hir (fl. 1450 – 1485) was a Welsh language poet from Ardudwy in Meirionnydd, north-west Wales. Hir sang on mainly religious subjects. Thirteen poems accepted as his work are extant, although a number of others are attributed to him.
Bibliography
M. Paul Bryant-Quinn (ed.), Gwaith Ieuan Brydydd Hir (Aberystwyth, 2000). The only full edition of his work.
Welsh-language poets
15th-century Welsh poets
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
The island whistler (Pachycephala phaionota) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae endemic to the Moluccas (Indonesia). Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
The island whistler was originally described in the genus Myiolestes (a synonym for Colluricincla).
References
island whistler
Birds of the Maluku Islands
island whistler
island whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
California's 17th State Assembly district is one of 80 California State Assembly districts. It is currently represented by Democrat Matt Haney of San Francisco.
District profile
The district encompasses the eastern portions of the consolidated city-county of San Francisco, including its central financial and governmental core as well as several of the more working-class neighborhoods of the city.
San Francisco County – 58.1%
Election results from statewide races
List of Assembly Members
Due to redistricting, the 17th district has been moved around different parts of the state. The current iteration resulted from the 2011 redistricting by the California Citizens Redistricting Commission.
Election results 1992 - present
2022 (special)
2020
2018
2016
2014
2012
2010
2008
2006
2004
2002
2000
1998
1996
1994
1992
See also
California State Assembly
California State Assembly districts
Districts in California
References
External links
District map from the California Citizens Redistricting Commission
17
Government in the San Francisco Bay Area
Government of San Francisco
Tormé is a 1958 studio album by Mel Tormé, arranged by Marty Paich, his first album for Verve Records.
Track listing
"That Old Feeling" (Lew Brown, Sammy Fain) – 3:31
"Gloomy Sunday" (Sam M. Lewis, Rezso Seress) – 5:16
"Body and Soul" (Frank Eyton, Johnny Green, Edward Heyman, Robert Sour) – 3:39
"Nobody's Heart" (Lorenz Hart, Richard Rodgers) – 1:54
"I Should Care" (Sammy Cahn, Axel Stordahl, Paul Weston) – 2:57
"The House Is Haunted (By the Echo of Your Last Goodbye)" (Basil Adlam, Billy Rose) – 2:53
"Blues in the Night" (Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer) – 8:08
"I Don't Want to Cry Anymore" (Victor Schertzinger) – 3:07
"Where Can I Go Without You?" (Peggy Lee, Victor Young) – 3:28
"How Did She Look?" (Gladys Shelley, Abner Silver) – 3:25
"'Round Midnight" (Bernie Hanighen, Thelonious Monk, Cootie Williams) – 3:16
"I'm Gonna Laugh You Right out of My Life" (Cy Coleman, Joseph McCarthy) – 2:33
Personnel
Performance
Mel Tormé - vocals
Marty Paich - arranger, conductor
References
1958 albums
Mel Tormé albums
Albums arranged by Marty Paich
Albums produced by Norman Granz
Verve Records albums
Albums conducted by Marty Paich
The Diamond Man is a 1924 British crime film directed by Arthur Rooke and starring Arthur Wontner, Mary Odette and Reginald Fox. It was based on a novel by Edgar Wallace. The movie is silent and black and white. Distributed by Butcher's film service, script written by Eliot Stannard, and produced by I.B. Davidson Film Company.
Cast
Arthur Wontner - Lacy Marshalt
Mary Odette - Audrey Torrington (Or Audrey Bedford)
Reginald Fox - Dick Shannon
Gertrude McCoy - Mrs. Marshalt
Philip Hewland - Henry Torrington
George Turner - Peter Tonger
Plot
The Diamond Man is about an orphan who takes the blame for her sister's crime, and later reveals her boss as her evil husband.
References
External links
1924 films
British silent feature films
1924 crime films
Films based on works by Edgar Wallace
Films directed by Arthur Rooke
British black-and-white films
British crime films
1920s English-language films
1920s British films
P. boneti may refer to
Pseudocellus boneti, an arachnid in the family Ricinoididae, native to Mexico
Pseudoeurycea boneti, a salamander in the family Plethodontidae, native to Mexico
Railroad Valley is one of the Central Nevada Desert Basins in the Tonopah Basin and is about long north-south and up to wide, with some southern areas running southwest to northeast.
Description
The southern end of the valley begins near Gray Top Mountain (elevation ) and stretches north all the way to Mount Hamilton (elevation ). To the east are the Quinn Canyon, Grant, and White Pine Ranges, while to the west are the Pancake and Reveille Ranges. Most of the valley lies in Nye County, but it crosses into White Pine County at its northern end. The valley includes numerous springs including Kate Springs and Blue Eagle Springs, ranches such as the Blue Eagle Ranch, and 2 Tonopah Playas.
The valley has 4 separate Wildlife Management Areas ("Railroad Valley WMA"), and valley communities include Currant, Crows Nest, Green Springs, Lockes, and Nyala. Most of Nevada's oil production (totalling about 553,000 barrels during 2002) comes from several small oil fields in Railroad Valley, including Eagle Springs, Trap Spring, and Grant Canyon oil fields.
The valley is the ancestral home of the Tsaidüka band of Western Shoshone, who are now enrolled in the Duckwater Shoshone Tribe of the Duckwater Reservation.
See also
List of valleys of Nevada
References
External links
Valleys of Nevada
Valleys of Nye County, Nevada
Valleys of White Pine County, Nevada
Nadik (, also Romanized as Nadīk; also known as Nadbak) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 333, in 80 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Martin Máša (born August 10, 1974) is a Czech ice hockey left winger who plays for Bracknell Bees in the English Premier Ice Hockey League. He has previously played for teams in France, England, Czech Republic, and North America.
Trivia
Fellow countryman Lukas Smital has skated on six different teams with Máša: 1996-99 Johnstown Chiefs; 1997-98 Saint John Flames; 2000-01 Greensboro Generals; 2003-04 Texas Wildcatters; 2004-05 Bracknell Bees; 2009–2011 Guildford Flames; 2011–present Bracknell Bees;
Career statistics
Awards
Kelly Cup winner, 2001-02 (Greenville Grrrowl)
Winter Cup winner, 2004-05 (Bracknell Bees)
Magnus Cup winner, 2006-07 (Brûleurs de Loups)
Magnus Cup winner, 2008-09 (Brûleurs de Loups)
English Cup winner, 2009-10 (Guildford Flames)
EPIHL Playoff winner, 2010-11 (Guildford Flames)
External links
1974 births
Living people
Bracknell Bees players
Brûleurs de Loups players
Czech ice hockey left wingers
Fort Worth Fire players
Greensboro Generals players
Greenville Grrrowl players
Guildford Flames players
HC Kometa Brno players
Johnstown Chiefs players
Kansas City Blades players
Kelowna Spartans players
Knoxville Cherokees players
Louisiana IceGators (ECHL) players
Providence Bruins players
Orlando Solar Bears (IHL) players
Saint John Flames players
Sheffield Steelers players
Springfield Falcons players
Texas Wildcatters players
People from Sokolov
Sportspeople from the Karlovy Vary Region
Australia competed at the 2015 Pacific Games in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea from 4 to 18 July 2015. Australia qualified 43 athletes. It was the first time that Australia had competed in the Pacific Games.
Australia was ranked 6th at the Games, with 47 medals ( 17 gold - 19 silver - 11 bronze ).
Rugby sevens
Australia qualified a team of 12 athletes.
Women
– Women's tournament.
Nicole Beck (captain) (NSW)
Brooke Anderson (NSW)
Dom Du Toit (NSW)
Nikki Etheridge (NSW)
Georgie Friedrichs (QLD)
Mollie Gray (NSW)
Sarah Halvorsen (NSW)
Mahalia Murphy (NSW)
Taleena Simon (NSW)
Tanisha Stanton (NSW)
Laura Waldie (QLD)
Brooke Walker (QLD)
Sailing
Australia qualified 3 athletes.
Women
Carissa Bridge (QLD)
Men
Thomas Vincent (VIC)
Mark Spearman (WA)
Taekwondo
Australia qualified 12 athletes.
Women
Deanna Kyriazopoulos (NSW)
Keshena Waterford (ACT)
Catherine Risbey (ACT)
Caroline Marton (VIC)
Carmen Marton (NSW)
Nicole Men (ACT)
Tassya Stevens (SA)
Men
Thomas Auger (SA)
Tom Afonczenko (VIC)
Jack Marton (VIC)
Hayder Shkara (NSW)
Daniel Safstrom (VIC)
Safwan Khalil (NSW)
Weightlifting
Australia qualified 15 athletes.
Women
Mary Barter (née Witham) (QLD)
Erika Ropati-Frost (née Yamasaki) (QLD)
Tia-Clair Toomey (QLD)
Kiana Elliott (NSW)
Philippa Malone (NSW)
Camilla Fogagnolo (TAS)
Belinda van Tienen (VIC)
Men
Matthew Munns (WA)
Benjamin Shaw (QLD)
Mitchell Delbridge (QLD)
Malek Chamoun (NSW)
Francois Etoundi* (VIC)
Liam Larkins (VIC)
Zac Grgurevic (VIC)
Philip Wood (VIC)
* Subject to selection conditions
References
2015 in Australian sport
Nations at the 2015 Pacific Games
Australia at the Pacific Games
Peter Franklin Kurland (born 1958) is an American production sound mixer.
Kurland has done boom operation work along with sound mixing on many films, such as Walk the Line, The Ladykillers, Intolerable Cruelty, Men in Black, Wild Wild West, and O Brother, Where Art Thou?. He won two Grammy's for O Brother, Where Art Thou?, a BAFTA award and a CAS award for Walk the Line, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing for Walk the Line.
In 2008, he won the CAS award for No Country for Old Men, which was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing as well as the BAFTA award. In 2011, he won the CAS award and was nominated for the BAFTA, and the Best Sound Oscar, this time for the film True Grit.
Kurland is a frequent collaborator with the Coen Brothers, working on every Coen Brothers' film for the past 25 years.
Kurland and his wife, Shannon Wood, are co-owners of the Darkhorse Theater, a performing arts venue in Nashville.
In 2014, he was nominated for the CAS award, the BAFTA award and the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing for Inside Llewyn Davis.
He resigned his membership of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) on 23 March 2022 citing changes to the broadcast of the 94th Academy Awards Ceremony where 8 Categories including Best Sound were not presented live but rather during the commercial breaks.
Personal life
Kurland is the son of violinist and musical arranger Sheldon Kurland. He attended Peabody Demonstration School (now University School of Nashville) in Nashville, Tennessee. He is a graduate of Antioch College, where he was once the fire chief. He is married to Shannon Dee Wood, with whom he has two children. Wood was an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination to the United States Senate in 2000, when Bill Frist won re-election. His sons, Julian and Ben, are the founders of BillFixers.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
American audio engineers
Antioch College alumni
Best Sound BAFTA Award winners
Grammy Award winners
In computing, an aperture is a portion of physical address space (i.e. physical memory) that is associated with a particular peripheral device or a memory unit. Apertures may reach external devices such as ROM or RAM chips, or internal memory on the CPU itself.
Typically, a memory device attached to a computer accepts addresses starting at zero, and so a system with more than one such device would have ambiguous addressing. To resolve this, the memory logic will contain several aperture selectors, each containing a range selector and an interface to one of the memory devices.
The set of selector address ranges of the apertures are disjoint. When the CPU presents a physical address within the range recognized by an aperture, the aperture unit routes the request (with the address remapped to a zero base) to the attached device. Thus, apertures form a layer of address translation below the level of the usual virtual-to-physical mapping.
See also
Address bus
AGP aperture
Memory-mapped I/O
External links
Flash Memory Solutions
Computer memory
Computer architecture
is a 1992 action-adventure game developed and published by Sega for the Mega Drive. The game was never localized outside Japan, with an English fan translation patch releasing in 2006. Critics compared it to Nintendo's The Legend of Zelda series.
Summary
The player controls the role of young fighter. He was raised by the local wise man in a small house somewhere in a fantasy world. After becoming a skilled swordsman, the hero is sent to the South Cave to dispatch some terrible monsters. Even more fearsome monsters are confronted in every new place until he finally challenges the bad guy who controls all the evil in the world.
There are real-time combat elements in addition to light role-playing elements. Weapons are equipped and used on monsters in real time. Obstacles must be overcome and items must be found in order to save the world.
References
1992 video games
Fantasy video games
Role-playing video games
Sega Genesis games
Sega Genesis-only games
Video games developed in Japan
Sega games
The Men's 200 metre freestyle competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 17 and 18 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 17 May at 10:00.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 17 May at 19:23.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 18 May at 18:51.
References
Men's 200 metre freestyle
Supremacy is the fourth studio album by American metalcore band Hatebreed. It is their first and only release with Roadrunner Records. The album was released on August 29, 2006. The track, "To the Threshold", earlier appeared on the album, MTV2 Headbangers Ball: The Revenge, released in April 2006.
Frontman Jamey Jasta contends that the main theme of Supremacy is overcoming "feelings of depression, guilt, sadness, anxiety, alienation. I wanted to show that there is hope, and you have to start with yourself. You can't help other people if you can't help yourself."
Track listing
Bonus tracks
"New Hate Rising" (non-CD track, available exclusively through iTunes, Masters Of Horror II soundtrack) - 2:36
"Pollution of the Soul" (available exclusively through MTV/Urge, Japanese bonus track, also released on self-titled album) - 2:56
"Severed" (UK edition bonus track) - 2:43
Credits
Musicians
Jamey Jasta - vocals
Sean Martin - lead guitar
Frank Novinec - rhythm guitar
Chris Beattie - bass
Matt Byrne - drums
Brendan Feeney - backing vocals
Josh Grden - backing vocals
Patrick Sullivan - backing vocals
Production
Zeuss - producer, engineer, mixing
Mike Gitter - A&R
Ted Jensen - mastering
Heather Baker - violin
Meran Karanitant - artwork, layout design
Daragh McDonagh - photography
Charts
References
2006 albums
Hatebreed albums
Roadrunner Records albums
Albums produced by Chris "Zeuss" Harris
State Road 33 is an IB-class road in eastern Serbia, connecting Ralja with Bulgaria at Mokranje. It is located in Southern and Eastern Serbia.
Before the new road categorization regulation given in 2013, the route wore the following names: P 109б, M 24, M 25 and P 278 (before 2012) / 22 (after 2012).
The existing route is a main road with two traffic lanes. By the valid Space Plan of Republic of Serbia the road is not planned for upgrading to motorway, and is expected to be conditioned in its current state.
Sections
See also
Roads in Serbia
References
External links
Official website - Roads of Serbia (Putevi Srbije)
Official website - Corridors of Serbia (Koridori Srbije) (Serbian)
State roads in Serbia
Thomas Pigott of Doddershall, Buckinghamshire (fl. 1589) was an English politician.
Family
His father, Thomas Pigott of Doddershall (d. 1606) was High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire in 1593–1594, and a justice of the peace for the county. He married twice, firstly to Dorothy Cottenham, daughter and coheiress of Henry Cottenham of Norfolk. They had one son and one daughter. We do not know the name of his second wife, who was a daughter of Sir John Allot, alderman and Lord Mayor of London.
Career
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Aylesbury in 1589.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
People from Buckinghamshire (before 1974)
English MPs 1589
David W. Opitz is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
Biography
Opitz was born on December 15, 1945 in Port Washington, Wisconsin. He graduated from Carroll University and became a biologist. From 1971 to 1973, he served as Director of Environmental Health of Ozaukee County, Wisconsin. In 2019 Opitz was one of three plaintiffs in a suit filed in Ozaukee County District court that moved to hold Gov. Evers of Wisconsin accountable to follow the law and require county clerks to clean the voter rolls every 30 days after receipt of a returned mailed postcard. Evers was ordering clerks to allow 200 days before cleaning up voter rolls. Local Judge Paul V. Malloy ordered that state law compelled him to order non conforming voter names of moved addresses be stricken from the voter rolls. Malloy refused to grant standing to the left leaning League of Women Voters, to intervene in the case. The Wisconsin Democracy Campaign, which Malloy also denied standing, also filed suit in federal court to halt the contested purging. Wisconsin's Democratic Attorney General Josh Kaul also filed a notice of appeal to halt the voter roll updating, acting on behalf of the state's Elections Commission and requesting to stay of Malloy's order. The issue was brought before the court by the Wisconsin Institute for Law and Liberty (WILL). The Institute is a Wisconsin organization mostly supported by the Bradley Foundation, which funds such political causes. The lawsuit demanded that the Wisconsin Election Commission respond to a "Movers Report," generated from voter data analysis produced by the Electronic Registration Information Center (ERIC), a national, non-partisan partnership funded in 2012 by the Pew Charitable Trusts. ERIC shares voter registration information to improve the accuracy of voter rolls. The report tagged voters who may have moved to an address that had not yet been updated on their voter registration forms. Wisconsin may be forced to comply with Malloy's order. On January 2, 2020, WILL said it asked the circuit court to hold the Elections Commission in contempt, fining it up to $12,000 daily, until it carries out Malloy's December 17, 2019 order to follow state law and purge from the voting rolls hundreds of thousands of registered voters who are confirmed to have moved to a different address, thus inflating the voter rolls. Those residents will need to register to vote at their new address. The case is being litigated in a state appeals court, but it was thought that the conservative leaning Wisconsin Supreme Court would be likely to hear it. Ozaukee County is heavily Republican, having voted for a Democratic presidential candidate only once after 1936 when it voted for Lyndon Johnson in 1964.
Political career
Opitz was elected to the Assembly in 1972. In April 1979, Opitz won a special election to the state Senate from the 20th District and was reelected in 1980, remaining a member until 1984. He is a Republican. Opitz was appointed Chairman of the Wisconsin Republican Party by Gov. Tommy Thompson from 1990 to 1999.
References
People from Port Washington, Wisconsin
Wisconsin state senators
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Republicans
Carroll University alumni
1945 births
Living people
21st-century American biologists
The marshbirds, Pseudoleistes, are a small genus of icterid birds (family Icteridae). It includes the following species:
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Francis Mougel (born 7 May 1960) is a French biathlete. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
French male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of France
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Vosges (department)
Rostand Barry Melaping Tchassem (born 14 August 1978) is a Cameroonian judoka.
Achievements
References
1978 births
Living people
Cameroonian male judoka
Judoka at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Cameroon
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Cameroon
Judoka at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in judo
20th-century Cameroonian people
21st-century Cameroonian people
The 2023 Bhutanese national assembly election is scheduled to be held in 2023.
Electoral system
The 47 members of the National Assembly are elected from single-member constituencies. Primary elections are held in which voters cast votes for parties. The top two parties are then able to field candidates in the main round of voting, in which members are elected using first-past-the-post voting.
References
Bhutan
National Assembly elections in Bhutan
Penbol is a hamlet in the community of Rhosybol, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 140.1 miles (225.5 km) from Cardiff and 221.1 miles (355.7 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Oliver Janich (born 3 January 1969) is a German far-right conspiracy theorist, former journalist, author and banned YouTuber. He is the founder and former president of the libertarian, minor party Partei der Vernunft (Party of Reason).
Investigations and conspiracy theories
Janich worked as an editor for the German magazine "Focus Money" where he was effectively let go in 2010 for advertising his own political party the Party of Reason in the magazine.
Investigations against Janich for alleged stock market manipulation
Together with two friends from the time he studied economics, Janich was part of a network of stock traders and stock market journalists ("Bosler-Clique") who systemically raised the share prices of rather unknown listed companies, whose shares had previously been bought by people in their network, by promoting the purchase of the companies shares. In September 2010, the Public Prosecutor's Office of Munich ordered a search of the offices and apartments of approximately 30 suspects including Janich. The ringleaders of the conspiracy, of whom Janich was not one according to findings from the trial, were convicted in 2012. Several stock market journalists had reduced their sentences by admitting their crimes and only received suspended sentences at most.
He currently resides in the Philippines. In August 2022, he was arrested by the Philippine authorities at a resort in Romblon.
Conspiracy theories
As a financial journalist, Janich represented conspiracy theories about 9/11 in several of his articles and these theories are present in his books as well. Furthermore, he spread conspiracy theories about alleged election fraud during the 2018 Bavarian state election without providing any evidence.
Janich published a YouTube video against the appointment of Sinan Selen as Vice President of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution, claiming that Selen had gotten the job "at the request of the Turkish government". According to German magazine Spiegel online, his YouTube videos contain "partly racist statements and employ anti-Semitic conspiracy theories".
Janich is considered a disseminator of the QAnon conspiracy theories.
Party of Reason
Janich founded the Party of Reason after the proposal to found a party, which he made in a Focus Money column, received positive feedback from his readers.
On 17 April 2013 Janich resigned as chairman of the party.
Political views
Janich supported the Alternative for Germany party (AfD) ahead of the 2017 German federal election. In 2018 he compared a documentary of the children's TV-channel KiKa with the propaganda of Joseph Goebbels. Also in 2018, Janich distributed a video that allegedly showed journalists staging images of refugees in a maritime emergency. Journalist Jacques Pezet later exposed the video as fake. After the 2018 Bavarian state election, the German television channel Bayerische Rundfunk reported on its website that Janich was distributing videos that were alleging fraud during the election without providing any proof whatsoever.
In June 2020, the German TV-program Frontal, showed in a feature on conspiracy theorists, how Janich was talking about tribunals for politicians and journalists, saying that "Many of the people in power today actually belong hanged".
Works
Money-Management. Rationalität und Anwendung des Fixed-fractional-Ansatzes. TM-Börsenverlag, Rosenheim 1996,
Das Kapitalismus-Komplott. Die geheimen Zirkel der Macht und ihre Methoden. FinanzBuch-Verlag, München 2010,
Die Vereinigten Staaten von Europa. Geheimdokumente enthüllen: Die dunklen Pläne der Elite. FinanzBuch-Verlag, München 2013,
References
External links
Personal website
1969 births
Living people
German YouTubers
Leaders of political parties in Germany
Party of Reason politicians
21st-century German politicians
Political party founders
German libertarians
German male journalists
German business and financial journalists
German political journalists
German non-fiction writers
Journalists from Munich
German conspiracy theorists
Critics of multiculturalism
Male YouTubers
The Samantabhadra Meditation Sūtra (; Japanese: 普賢経; rōmaji fugen-kyō; Vietnamese: Kinh Quán Phổ Hiền Bồ Tát Hạnh Pháp; Korean: 관보현보살행법경; Gwanbohyeonbosalhaengbeop Gyeong), also known as the Sūtra of Meditation on the Bodhisattva Universal Virtue, is a Mahayana Buddhist sutra teaching meditation and repentance practices.
The extant Chinese text of the meditation sutra was translated by Dharmamitra between 424 and 442 CE (T09n277). The Samantabhadra Meditation Sūtra is often included in the so-called "Threefold Lotus Sutra," along with the Lotus Sutra and the Innumerable Meanings Sutra. It is not known, however, when or by whom the sutra was first recited, but it is considered by many Mahayana sects to be a continuation (an epilogue) of the Buddha's teachings found within the Lotus Sutra. This sutra is believed to have followed two earlier translations, including one by Kumarajiva, which are now lost; no original Sanskrit translation has been found.
Samantabhadra Bodhisattva
According to the sutra itself, Samantabhadra Bodhisattva ("Universal Virtue") was born in the east Pure Wonder Land and whose form was already mentioned clearly by the Buddha in the Avatamsaka Sutra. In the Threefold Lotus Sutra, the chapter preceding the Samantabhadra Meditation Sūtra, chapter 28 of the Lotus Sutra, describes Samantabhadra as a perfect example of an adherent to the four practices:
He practices the teachings of the Lotus Sutra.
He protects the Dharma teachings from every kind of persecution.
He witnesses the merits obtained by those who practice the teachings and the punishments of those who slander the Dharma or persecute the practitioners.
He proves that those who violate the Dharma can be delivered from their transgressions if they are sincerely penitent.
In the Meditation Sutra, the Buddha describes Universal Virtue's body as unlimited in size, and the range of his voice and the forms of his image are also described as unlimited. He possesses divine powers that enable him to come into the world when he wishes and shrink down to a smaller size. Through his wisdom-power, he appears transformed as if mounted on a white elephant to the people of Jambudvīpa defiled by the three heavy hindrances: Arrogance, envy, and covetousness. The Buddha Shakyamuni describes in detail the form of the elephant on which Universal Virtue is mounted.
Universal Virtue rides the white elephant for the sole purpose of guiding the people of Jambudvīpa, or the sahā-world, through practices that are associated with their environment. The bodhisattva riding on his white elephant is a symbolic image of Buddhist practice, as well as a representation of purity. The purity of the six sense organs is represented by the six tusks of Universal Virtue's white elephant.
It is undeniable that the Meditation Sutra is a continuation of the Lotus Sutra, because the sutra itself testifies to the "Dharma Flower Sutra" three times.
Meaning of Repentance
The denotational meaning of the word "repentance" in a general sense, is the confession or remorse of one's own past physical and mental misdeeds, or transgressions. When we repent, we purify our minds and we free ourselves from a sense of sin, and we feel greatly refreshed. Psychoanalysts have applied this principle in helping many people who are mentally afflicted.
Contemplation of Reality
In Japan, the text is also called the Repentance Sutra (Japanese: 懺悔經; Rōmaji: Sange-kyō). The second chapter of the Lotus Sutra explains in detail the concept of Tathātā, or "Suchness". The sutra emphasizes repentance by means of meditating on "the true aspect of reality" and the "Vaipulya sutras."
The essence of Buddhist repentance is summed up in the following lines from the verse spoken by the Buddha concerning the purification of the six sense organs:
The ocean of impediment of all karma
Is produced from one's false imagination.
Should one wish to repent of it
Let him sit upright and meditate on the true aspect of reality.
All sins are just as frost and dew,
So wisdom's sun can disperse them.
See also
Innumerable Meanings Sutra
Lotus Sutra
Mahayana sutras
Nichiren Buddhism
Notes
Sources
Bibliography
Shinjo Suguro, Nichiren Buddhist International Center, trans. (1998): Introduction to the Lotus Sutra, Fremont, Calif.: Jain Publishing Company. ; pp. 203-218
Mahayana sutras
Nichiren Buddhism
Tiantai
Vairocana Buddha
Bangladesh Tennis Federation is the national federation for tennis and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh.
History
Bangladesh Tennis Federation was established in 1972. It established the National Tennis Complex in Ramna, Dhaka in 1977. In 1985, the Federation became a member of the International Tennis Federation based in London, United Kingdom. It is also affiliated with Bangladesh Krira Shikkha Protishtan. The federation is associated with 8 tennis clubs in Bangladesh; they are Barisal Tennis Club, Comilla Tennis Club, Engineers' Tennis Club, Mymensingh Tennis Club, Naogaon Tennis Club, Patuakhaii Tennis Club, Rajshahi Tennis Complex, and Sylhet Tennis Club.
In November 2019, Golam Morshed, General Secretary of the federation, was suspended following a suit filed against him for sexual harassment at Gulshan Police Station by a female tennis player. In 2020, the federation received criticism in the media for providing a fully funded trip to senior officials to the Australian Open.
References
Tennis in Bangladesh
National members of the Asian Tennis Federation
1972 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1972
Tennis
Organisations based in Dhaka
Gasparo Berti ( 1600–1643) was an Italian mathematician, astronomer and physicist. He was probably born in Mantua and spent most of his life in Rome. He is the most famous today for his experiment in which he unknowingly created the first working barometer. Though he was best known for his work in mathematics and physics, little of his work in either survives.
In 1630, Giovanni Battista Baliani sent a letter to Galileo Galilei after he noticed that his siphon could not raise water more than about 10 m (34 feet). Galileo proposed that a vacuum held the water up and that it could not hold any more. At the time the existence of vacuums was controversial.
Upon reading Galileo's theory in his Discorsi, Berti and another man named Raffaele Magiotti devised an experiment to test the existence of a vacuum. Some time between 1640 and 1643, Berti built an 11 m lead tube, filled it with water, and sealed both ends. He submerged one end in water and unsealed it. Though some of the water flowed out, much of it remained, filling about 10 m (34 feet) of the tube, the same height of Baliani's syphon. Berti claimed that the space above was filled with a vacuum. His claim was strongly contested, and multiple experiments were performed attempting to disprove the existence of a vacuum. This experiment led to Evangelista Torricelli's research into the weight of air and his invention of the barometer.
Berti held a chair of mathematics at the University of Rome La Sapienza. He was to succeed Benedetto Castelli as professor of mathematics there, but he died before he could begin teaching. He also mapped the Roman catacombs.
References
Further reading
1600s births
1643 deaths
17th-century Italian mathematicians
17th-century Italian astronomers
17th-century Italian physicists
Scientists from Mantua
Year of birth uncertain
Hemza Haloui (born 10 July 1994) is an Algerian Greco-Roman wrestler. At the 2016 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's Greco-Roman -98 kg.
References
External links
Olympic wrestlers of Algeria
1994 births
Wrestlers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Living people
African Games silver medalists for Algeria
African Games bronze medalists for Algeria
African Games medalists in wrestling
Algerian male sport wrestlers
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
21st-century Algerian people
20th-century Algerian people
Khosravan-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Khosravān-e Soflá) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 157, in 45 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
In molecular biology, Xol-1 is a protein domain, also named the Switch protein, is essentially a sex-determining protein. This entry focuses on the N-terminal domain of Xol-1.
Xol-1, the master switch gene controlling sex-determination system and dosage
compensation. This protein is normally expressed in males, where it promotes male development and prevents dosage compensation.
Function
The function of the Xol-1 protein is to act as a primary sex-determining factor that promotes sexual differentiation. It is required for proper sexual differentiation and male viability. High expression during gastrulation triggers male development, while low expression at that time triggers hermaphrodite development. Although related to GHMP kinase, its mode of action remains unclear.
Structure
The protein adopts a secondary structure consisting of five alpha helices and six antiparallel beta sheets. The fold of this family is similar to that found in ribosomal protein S5 domain 2-like. The active site of the enzyme is found at the interface between this domain and the C-terminal GHMP-like domain.
References
Protein domains
Marco Fincato (born 6 October 1970 in Padua) is a former Italian professional cyclist. He participated in 3 Tours de France and 2 Giro d'Italia.
Major results
1995
1st GP Industria e Commercio di San Vendemiano
1st Giro della Regione Friuli Venezia Giulia
5th Cycling World Championships Amateur Men's Road Race
1996
1st Firenze–Pistoia
1st Memorial Nencini
2nd Giro del Lazio
2nd Subida a Urkiola
3rd Volta a Catalunya
5th Clasica San Sebastian
5th Tour de France stage 11
1998
3rd Giro del Lazio
1999
5th GP de Fourmies
2000
1st Tour de Suisse stage 7
4th Tour de Suisse stage 3
References
1970 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Padua
Cyclists from the Province of Padua
Tour de Suisse stage winners
The 1915 Mississippi College Collegians football team was an American football team that represented Mississippi College as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA) during the 1915 college football season. In their third year under head coach Dana X. Bible, the team compiled a 4–3–1 record.
Schedule
References
Mississippi College
Mississippi College Choctaws football seasons
Mississippi College Collegians football
The Nelson Provincial Museum, Pupuri Taonga O Te Tai Ao is a regional museum in the city of Nelson, New Zealand. The museum showcases the Nelson and Tasman regions' history, from geological origins to the stories of individuals and families.
Nelson Provincial Museum holds over 1.4 million items of interest, collected during the past 160 years. Exhibitions are shown in a modern building that opened in 2005, costing NZ$5 million, funded by the community, private and public benefactors, the Nelson City Council, Tasman District Council and central government. The collections, professional staff and public research services are housed in the former museum building, which is located in Isel Park, Stoke.
History
The Literary and Scientific Institution of Nelson was founded in May 1841 in the Bay of Biscay amongst the officers of the preliminary Expedition of the Second Colony, on board the New Zealand Company's ships Whitby and Will-Watch.
Prior to the expedition reaching Tenerife, a sum of money was subscribed amongst the officers. It was transmitted back to England with directions for the selection of a number of books "of a useful character", which would form the basis of the library of the Institution.
While a large number of books were acquired, subscribed to and collected by friends and associates of the Colony and Colonialists, the Committee noted that "they would be glad to receive maps, charts manuscripts, drawings, paintings, engravings, sculptures, casts, models of inventions and objects of natural history generally. These will be placed in the Museum of the Institution, and a record will be kept of the names of the donors."
In late 1842 The Literary and Scientific Institution of Nelson (the Institute) opened on Trafalgar Street, firstly as a Library (with attached Museum storehouse) and subsequently incorporating the Museum, with a membership of sixty by 1844.
By 1861 the Institute had outgrown its Trafalgar Street premises and relocated to a wooden building in Hardy Street. Fire broke out in 1906. While most of the collection was rescued, it was resolved to rebuild as a brick building, which opened in 1912. Until 1963, the Museum was located on the second level of the Institute, with the Nelson Library located on the first level.
Independence grew throughout the 1960s with the relocation of the Museum firstly to the former home of the Marsden family - Isel House, and subsequently to a concrete block construction, designed by Alex Bowman, which opened in 1973.
In 1983 a Maori History Gallery was opened; the teaching space was modified in 1984 and in 1985/1986 a new workshop, storeroom and darkroom was completed.
The Nelson Institute, Nelson Public Library and Nelson Provincial Museum are the contemporary successors of The Literary and Scientific Institution of Nelson.
The museum has been managed since 1965 by a myriad of committees representing the financial interests of a number of councils within the region. During 2000, Tasman Bays Heritage Trust was formed by Tasman District and Nelson City Councils, in partnership with the Iwi Trust Authorities of Te Tau Ihu as a move away from the traditional council administration system into an independent Trust Board, supported by both Nelson City Council and Tasman District Council. The new body was constituted as Tasman Bays Heritage Trust.
In 2001 Tasman Bays Heritage Trust acquired a site on the corner of Hardy and Trafalgar Streets, Nelson, which formed part of the original Town Acre 445 block. In 2002 the Trust appointed Andrew Irving, of Ian Jack Architects (now Irving, Smith, Jack Architects) as project architect. In 2004 the tender for the project was awarded to Wilkes Construction, of Nelson, a fifth generation family construction firm. In 2005, after significant local and national support, the redeveloped museum was opened on the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar.
The 1973 site in Isel Park continues to operate as a research facility for the museum.
Collection
Collections include:
Kingdon-Tomlinson family silver collection dating from 1594–1800 and consists of over 140 pieces. It was given to the people of Nelson and the surrounding region by Deed of Trust by Julie Annie Tomlinson in 1959.
Bett Collection (the nucleus of an extensive and growing historical library and archives). Dr Francis Arnot (or Arnott) Blackader Bett, commonly known as Dr. F. A. Bett, (1873–1957) passionately collected books, photographs, maps, documents, sketches and paintings relating to the Nelson province.
Marsden Collection. A rare and beautiful collection of eighteenth and nineteenth century antique furniture, plate, glassware and porcelain – including Sèvres, Dresden and Worcester. This has been consolidated from an original bequest together with separate holdings formerly held by the Cawthron Institute and the Anglican Diocese of Nelson The Marsden Book Collection is also held at the museum dating from 1773 to the early 1920s and relates to natural history, discovery and exploration of the Pacific.
Tyree Studio Collection of more than 105,000 photographic negatives is one of the most comprehensive social history collections in New Zealand. William Tyree (1855–1924) and Frederick Tyree (1867–1924) were the sons of a master boot-maker from Surrey, England. In 1871, the Tyrees arrived in New Zealand. By 1878, William had established the Tyree Studio in Trafalgar Street, Nelson, and by 1884 his younger brother, Frederick, and Rosaline Frank were working as his assistants. Their Aunt's Victorian decorative tiled fireplace is installed in Amber House nearby.
Until 1895, William Tyree methodically documented and recorded the social history of the region and from 1910, when he moved to Sydney, Rosaline Frank managed the Tyree Studio. Frederick Tyree established his own photographic business in Tākaka, Golden Bay, and continued his interest in photography until his death in 1924. The Tyree Studio continued to operate until 1947 under the ownership of Rosaline Frank.
The F.N. Jones (Frederick Nelson Jones) collection consists of over 10,000 negatives of important civic events from around the Nelson region. Frederick Nelson Jones was considered to be one of the first photojournalists of his time.
The Nelson Mail Photographic Collection of images from 1979 to 1994. More than 205,000 individual negatives and growing.
Other collections: Geoffrey C Wood Collection, Manson Collection, Prouse Collection, Nelson College Collection, Jenkins Collection, F G Gibbs Collection, Greenwood Collection, Knapp Collection, W E Brown Collection, Ellis Dudgeon Collection, Reg & Hugh Kingsford Collection, The Nelson Evening Mail Newspaper Collection, The Examiner (Nelson)|The Examiner, The Colonist.
Projects
The Glass Plate Negative Project was launched on 24 November 2010 to relocate over 150,000 glass plate negatives from mobile shelving into industry standard storage. Before being packed away into their new storage the negatives are digitally photographed for use in the Museum's online collection database. Funding for this project was secured from the New Zealand Lottery Grant Board, private benefactors and Tasman Bays Heritage Trust. Over 100,000 glass plate negatives have now been digitised and relocated through this project.
Director
Curator
Lt. Col. Cyprian Bridge Brereton, (1876–1962), Curator, –1960;
Director
Jim Eyles (James Roy Eyles) OBE (1926–2004), Director;
Steve Bagley, Director
Dr John Rudge, Director
Museum Manager
M Hubert Klaassens, Museum Manager, 1998–2001;
Lesley Baxter, Acting Museum Manager, 2001
Chief Executive
Wayne P Marriott, Chief Executive, 2001–2007;
Cathy Knight, Acting Chief Executive, 2007;
Robert (Bob) Dickinson, Chief Executive, 2007–2008;
Peter Millward, Chief Executive, 2008–2015
Lucinda Blackley-Jimson, Chief Executive, 2015–
Footnotes
External links
Nelson Provincial Museum
Local museums in New Zealand
Buildings and structures in Nelson, New Zealand
History of the Nelson Region
Museums in the Nelson Region
Art museums and galleries in New Zealand
2000s architecture in New Zealand
Vase of Flowers is a painting by the Dutch artist Jan van Huysum. The painting is a still life and depicts a vase of late spring flowers, including roses and iris. The painting was in the collection of the Galleria Palatina in Palazzo Pitti in Florence until its 1943 theft by the retreating Wehrmacht following the Allied invasion of Italy in 1943. The painting had been bought by Grand Duke Leopoldo II for his collection in 1824.
After the war the painting came into the possession of a German family, who attempted through intermediaries to sell the painting back to the Galleria. Eike Schmidt, the Director of the Uffizi Gallery, launched an appeal to return the painting in January 2019 and hung a reproduction of the piece labeled stolen in Italian, German and English in its former place in Palazzo Pitti. Schmidt said in a statement that due to the theft of the painting "...the wounds of the Second World War and Nazi terror are not yet healed...Germany has a moral duty to return the works to our museum and I hope this will be done as soon as possible, along with every other work of art looted by the Nazi army".
On July 19, 2019, the painting was officially handed back to the Uffizi Gallery. German minister of foreign affairs Heiko Maas personally handed the picture to his Italian counterpart Enzo Moavero Milanesi in Florence. Since the statute of limitations in a case of theft would have run out according to German law, the return is viewed by journalists as a sign of European solidarity in times of political instability, especially in light of the crisis of migration and refugees on the Mediterranean Sea during late spring and summer 2019.
References
External links
Appeal to return the painting on the Uffizi website
Paintings by Jan van Huysum
Paintings in the collection of the Uffizi
Flower paintings
Stolen works of art
18th-century paintings
Beymen is a chain of luxury department stores in Istanbul, Turkey with its flagship store in the Nişantaşı district. It has branch department stores in Istanbul in the Akasya, Aqua Florya, Ataköy Plus, İstinye Park, and Zorlu Center malls, as well as two stores along Bağdat Avenue on the Asian side of Istanbul.
Beymen also operates stores in Adana (01 Burda mall), Ankara (Armada, Kavaklıdere, Panora malls), Antalya (Şirinyalı, Rixos malls), Bursa (Korupark), Gaziantep (Sanko Park), Izmir (Hilltown, İstinye Park İzmir), Mersin and Bodrum (Muğla, at Mandarin and the Yalıkavak Marina).
Fodor's compared the chain to Bloomingdale's in the United States.
As of mid-2022 Beymen Group operates a total of 91,000m2 of retail space across a total of 244 department and specialty stores.
References
Department stores of Turkey
The Senior women's race at the 1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Budapest, Hungary, at the Kincsem Park on March 26, 1994. A preview on the event was given in The Herald, and a report in The New York Times.
Complete results, medallists, and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Senior women's race (6.22 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 148 athletes from 36 countries in the Senior women's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(4)
(4)
(4)
(1)
(4)
(5)
(4)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(2)
(6)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(3)
(5)
(6)
(6)
(1)
See also
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Senior women's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1994 in women's athletics
Marta Torrado de Castro (Valencia, Spain, 20 January 1966) is a Spanish politician who is member of the People's Party (PP).
Married, Torrado holds a degree in law. After serving in various roles within the Valencian regional administration she was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies in the 2008 election as the representative of the Valencia region. After being awarded the fifth place on the PP list, she was virtually guaranteed victory because her party consistently won at least five seats in elections since 1982.
External links
Biography at Spanish Congress website
References
Members of the 9th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
1966 births
Living people
People from Valencia
Politicians from the Valencian Community
People's Party (Spain) politicians
21st-century Spanish women politicians
Maxine Pamela Ometa McClean is a Barbadian politician who served as her country's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2008 to 2018.
Biography
McClean is a graduate of the University of the West Indies. While she was there she received second class honors in Public Administration. McClean was also a lecturer in the Department of Management Studies. In 1999, she established her own consulting firm.
A few years later, in January 2008, Maxine was invited to join the Barbados Cabinet as a minister in the Prime Minister's office. Eleven months after this, she was appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade. McClean opened a new embassy in Brazil and appointed Yvette Goddard as the first ambassador of Barbados to Brazil in 2009. In the same year she addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations. In 2010 McClean opened Barbados' mission to Beijing, China, where Sir Lloyd Erskine Sandiford served as the first resident Ambassador to that country.
See also
List of foreign ministers in 2017
List of current foreign ministers
References
External links
Photo of Minister Senator Maxine McClean at the U.N.
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Foreign Ministers of Barbados
21st-century Barbadian women politicians
21st-century Barbadian politicians
Government ministers of Barbados
Female foreign ministers
Democratic Labour Party (Barbados) politicians
University of the West Indies alumni
Ohio University alumni
Louisiana State University alumni
Czumów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 304.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Fredrik Magnus Piper (1746–1824) was a Swedish landscape architect and architect. He introduced the theory and practice of the English landscape garden to Sweden. Among his tangible contributions are the creation of the general plan for the royal park Hagaparken in Stockholm, part of the current Royal National City Park, and contributions to the development of the park at Drottningholm Palace.
Biography
Fredrik Magnus Piper was a nobleman but came from a bourgeois family, his father having been ennobled only in 1776. He studied mathematics and hydraulics at Uppsala University between 1764 and 1766, after which he went on to specialise in engineering in a special school in Trollhättan and at the naval base in Karlskrona. In Karlskrona he befriended Admiral Fredrik Henrik af Chapman, who supported his artistic ambitions. After continuing his studies in Stockholm, partly under the tutelage of the architect Carl Fredrik Adelcrantz, he went on a study trip to the United Kingdom. He left Sweden in 1773, only to return in 1780.
Aided by a letter of recommendation by af Chapman, Piper was introduced to William Chambers and to institutions such as the Royal Academy. During his stay in England, Piper was introduced to the then new theory and practice of English landscape gardens. He made well-executed drawings of The Leasowes, Painshill and Stourhead, and worked for a while at Chambers' firm. He later left England and continued his studies in France and Italy. In France he studied the gardens of André Le Nôtre and in Italy he made visits to the gardens at Villa Lante, Villa Doria Pamphili and Villa Aldobrandini. He returned briefly to England where he married in 1780, and then finally went back to Sweden. Chambers was unhappy that Piper had left England, writing to Admiral af Chapman to complain that he had not been consulted sufficiently. It appears, however, that Piper always held Chambers in high regard as "his first art teacher".
In Sweden he was quickly promoted and given prestigious commissions by King Gustav III, despite having an undiplomatic and overly straightforward demeanour. Most of his work was executed during the reign of Gustav III, who strongly supported Piper. After the assassination of the king in 1792, his activity declined.
Works
One of the first works carried out by Piper after his return to Sweden was a design for the park at Drottningholm Palace near Stockholm. His ideas were in this case widely disregarded, as the king had his own ideas for the re-shaping of the park. His design, however, did include copper tents and Turkish pavilions, which Piper is credited with.
Instead, Haga park outside Stockholm became Piper's chef d'oeuvre. He was given a wide mandate by the monarch to pursue his own ideas. He repeated the idea of the copper tent and Turkish pavilion, but here he introduced an accomplished form of the English landscape garden. Among his innovations were the introduction of great, oval-shaped lawns, so-called pelouses, a sophisticated deployment of monuments and pavilions within the landscape, and a radical integration of architecture into the landscape without any intermediary elements such as steps or gravel borders. Although the plans for the park were not executed in their entirety, the park still largely reflects Piper's general plan.
Piper also produced designs for several other parks, both private and public, some of which still exist, e.g. Hogland park in Karlskrona and Bellevue park in Stockholm. As a landscape architect, Piper has been described as skilful and open-minded; he was able to produce both radical and more traditional types of parks with equal skill.
Piper was also active as an architect; he designed the main building of Bjärka-Säby Castle in about 1796 and Listonhill villa on Djurgården (Stockholm) in 1790 and 1791. He wrote but never published a theoretical treatise on landscape gardening, and produced other theoretical works such as ideal plans.
Gallery
References
External links
Swedish landscape architects
1746 births
1824 deaths
Landscape design history
18th-century Swedish architects
was a Japanese businessman, the founder of Wacoal, and the first President of Nippon Kaigi (1997–1998).
He was from the former town of Gokashō, now part of Higashiōmi, in Shiga Prefecture. He enlisted in the Imperial Japanese Army in 1940 and fought in Battle of Imphal during the Burma Campaign of the Pacific War, aged only 19. He was demobilized 3 years later at age 21.
In 1968, at an event held by the Japanese industrialist Kōnosuke Matsushita to celebrate the hundred years anniversary of the Meiji Restoration, he met the composer Toshiro Mayuzumi. He had a three decade friendship with him and attended his memorial on May 29, 1997.
Business activities
In 1946, he founded his own company in Kyoto, which made women's underwear such as bras, girdles, and nightgowns. His company became global after obtaining its current name (Wacoal) in 1957, with subsidiaries in the United States, France, China, Singapore, Vietnam, and Thailand. He was a recipient of the Order of the Sacred Treasure. In 1998, the year of his death, his company had a net income of 8.2 billion Japanese yen ($61.2 million US) with sales of 170 billion yen ($1.2 billion US). His son, Yoshikata Tsukamoto, is the current chairman and president of Wacoal.
Bibliography
塚本幸一『私の履歴書』日本経済新聞社 1991年1月25日
References
External links
ワコール
1920 births
1998 deaths
20th-century Japanese businesspeople
People from Shiga Prefecture
Recipients of the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 2nd class
Members of Nippon Kaigi
Japanese military personnel of World War II
Wacoal
Frances E. Henne (October 11, 1906 – December 21, 1985) was an American librarian. Henne pursued a life of education and became a leader and expert in creating standards for school librarians. In 1999, American Libraries named her one of the "100 Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century."
Early life and education
Henne was born in Springfield, Illinois in October 1906. Henne graduated from the University of Illinois in 1929 with a BA degree, and then went on to receive her masters in English in 1934. During her schooling, Henne was introduced to the library profession while working at the Lincoln Public Library.
Once Henne completed her master's degree in English, she ventured to New York City to obtain a bachelor's degree in Librarianship at Columbia University. Simultaneously working at the New York Public Library while completing her education, Henne gained valuable insight and experience that would shape her career and significant contributions to the Library Science field.
After completing her Library schooling, Henne taught in school librarianship at Albany from 1937 to 1939. In 1939 Louis Round Wilson, a dean at the University of Chicago Graduate Library School, invited Henne to teach at the university's graduate library school. Henne accepted the offer, and in doing so, she became the first woman faculty member at the university. Always committed to her studies and pursuing higher education, Henne did not limit her career to teaching at the university. Henne herself wrote, "Education, including professional training, is a lifelong process." She practiced what she preached and began her doctoral studies in 1939 and obtained her doctorate degree in 1949. Her doctoral studies were focused on school libraries and school library standards, and she continued to focus on school libraries and reshaping and revising standards throughout the rest of her career.
Library standards and other accomplishments
While teaching at the University of Chicago, Henne joined forces with other school library professionals to collaborate on publishing materials to help improve the effectiveness and the quality of school library collections. To help school librarians select and maintain high-quality materials for their libraries, Henne created the Center for Children's Books and published a Bulletin that reviewed children and young adult media.
Also a member of the American Association of School Librarians (AASL), Henne worked with other members to create a set of standards for School Libraries so they could become accredited. In 1945 Henne and other Members of the AASL published the very first set of national school library standards. According to Diane Kester and Plummer Alston Jones, Jr., these standards helped to delineate and distinguish the responsibilities of school librarians and public librarians and they pushed for school librarians to work with teachers and educators on “teaching library skills education in the context of subject-based learning”.
Henne left the University of Chicago and joined the library and information science faculty of Columbia in 1954. For over 20 years, she taught and created courses on how to design and implement programming for children and young adults in both the public and school library. She also promoted librarians who trained both in the education and in library science fields. Henne wrote, “The successful elementary school librarian knows children, likes children, and enjoys working with them…” She believed that not just anyone could run a library successfully.
Henne understood that for children and young adults to fully benefit from school and public libraries, the libraries themselves needed to evolve and change. She saw a need for change in the traditional school libraries of her time. Many libraries during this time focused on building a collection primarily with print materials because parents and administrators did not understand the teaching and educational benefits of non-print materials. Even in the 1960s, Henne was concerned that school and public libraries needed to contain more than just printed books and materials. She realized that new technologies of her time such as 16mm film, filmstrips, and phonograph records were essential to keeping libraries current for educating children and adults alike.
Henne also believed that children who used and had access to library services achieved more than children who did not. She was frustrated with so many adults and educators who did not see the value or importance of a school library and thus did not put any effort into supporting or funding the library. Henne wrote, “A belief in the school library represents the belief in the right of every boy and girl to have the pleasures, the understandings, and the experiences that come from sharing the best in the recorded impressions and expressions of mankind.” To fill the gaps of individual libraries and small schools with very few resources, Henne supported library networks of both school and public libraries. Henne spent the rest of her career advocating for both the school library and the media center. She wrote and published several books and articles on the subject and tried to show the potential of a library that lived up to the recognized standards. Henne wrote in one article that “standards must thus be continuously revised to reflect the changes and to meet the educational needs of the times.”
Legacy
Henne died on December 21, 1985 at the age of 79 after suffering from Lou Gehrig's disease. Even though no family survived her death, Henne's legacy has lived on in the world of School Libraries. A year after her death, the American Association of School Librarians set up the AASL Frances Henne Award. According to AASL, the award “recognizes a school library media specialist with five years or less experience who demonstrates leadership qualities with students, teachers and administrators.” Recipients of this award are given funds to travel to their first AASL conference or ALA Annual. Even after her death, Henne is helping librarians further their education and stay current in their field. Henne recognized the fact that continual education and self-improvement was essential to librarians in helping them keep libraries constantly evolving to meet the needs of patrons.
Notes and references
External links
Finding aid to Frances Henne papers at Columbia University. Rare Book & Manuscript Library.
American librarians
American women librarians
Library science scholars
1906 births
1985 deaths
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
Korea Tungsten Company FC is defunct South Korean semi-professional football club that was based Yeongwol, Gangwon. The club was officially founded in 1956, by the Korea Tungsten Company.
Korea Tungsten Company is rated as predecessor of POSCO, and Daehan Tungsten FC is predecessor of POSCO Atoms, too.
Honours
Domestic
Korean President's Cup
Winner (2) : 1965, 1966
Runner-up (1) : 1962
Korean National Football Championship
Runner-up (2) : 1962, 1968
Asia
Asian Club Championship 1967 Semifinalist
References
Association football clubs established in 1956
S
S
1956 establishments in South Korea
1972 disestablishments in South Korea
Works association football clubs in South Korea
True Genius is a box set of material by American musician Ray Charles, first released on September 10, 2021, by Tangerine Records, as a six-CD collection. The set contains 90 remastered tracks by Charles, as well as eight previously unreleased songs, which were recorded live in Stockholm, Sweden, in 1972. The release of True Genius purposely coincided with the 90th anniversary of Charles's year of birth.
The six-CD release was followed by a condensed version of the material, True Genius: Sides of Ray, which was released as a double-disc vinyl album on November 19, 2021. On May 6, 2022, the unearthed recordings of Charles's 1972 Stockholm concert were issued as a standalone release titled Live in Stockholm 1972.
Background
True Genius was compiled by record producer John Burk—who produced Charles's final studio album, Genius Loves Company—and The Ray Charles Foundation, led by Valerie Ervin. During the assembly of True Genius, they discovered previously unreleased recordings of a concert by Charles held in Stockholm, Sweden, in 1972. The eight songs from that concert were included on the CD release of True Genius, and later received a standalone release as Live in Stockholm 1972.
Release
True Genius was first released on September 10, 2021, by Tangerine Records, as a six-CD set with a coffee table-style hardcover book. It was followed by a double-disc vinyl record release, True Genius: Sides of Ray, on November 19, 2021. Live in Stockholm 1972 received a limited edition colored vinyl record release on Record Store Day, on Black Friday in November 2021; this initial vinyl release was limited to 2,000 copies. Live in Stockholm 1972 later received a standard vinyl release on May 6, 2022.
Critical reception
Jon Pareles of The New York Times wrote that "This straightforward, career-spanning compilation covers his early years as he forges his fusion of gospel, swing, blues, country and pop, though for his pivotal 1950s Atlantic singles—"Hallelujah, I Love Her So," "I've Got a Woman" and "What'd I Say"—it swaps in live versions instead of the studio classics. It moves through his decades as an interpreter, when he homed in on the soul within other people's hits, and includes a rambunctious 1972 concert set from Stockholm and latter-day duets with admirers like Willie Nelson, Norah Jones and Billy Joel."
Track listing
CD version
Vinyl version (Sides of Ray)
References
Ray Charles compilation albums
2021 compilation albums
Barband () may refer to:
Barband, Hamadan
Barband, Markazi
In mathematics, geometry and topology is an umbrella term for the historically distinct disciplines of geometry and topology, as general frameworks allow both disciplines to be manipulated uniformly, most visibly in local to global theorems in Riemannian geometry, and results like the Gauss–Bonnet theorem and Chern–Weil theory.
Sharp distinctions between geometry and topology can be drawn, however, as discussed below.
It is also the title of a journal Geometry & Topology that covers these topics.
Scope
It is distinct from "geometric topology", which more narrowly involves applications of topology to geometry.
It includes:
Differential geometry and topology
Geometric topology (including low-dimensional topology and surgery theory)
It does not include such parts of algebraic topology as homotopy theory, but some areas of geometry and topology (such as surgery theory, particularly algebraic surgery theory) are heavily algebraic.
Distinction between geometry and topology
Geometry has local structure (or infinitesimal), while topology only has global structure. Alternatively, geometry has continuous moduli, while topology has discrete moduli.
By examples, an example of geometry is Riemannian geometry, while an example of topology is homotopy theory. The study of metric spaces is geometry, the study of topological spaces is topology.
The terms are not used completely consistently: symplectic manifolds are a boundary case, and coarse geometry is global, not local.
Local versus global structure
By definition, differentiable manifolds of a fixed dimension are all locally diffeomorphic to Euclidean space, so aside from dimension, there are no local invariants. Thus, differentiable structures on a manifold are topological in nature.
By contrast, the curvature of a Riemannian manifold is a local (indeed, infinitesimal) invariant (and is the only local invariant under isometry).
Moduli
If a structure has a discrete modulo (if it has no deformations, or if a deformation of a structure is isomorphic to the original structure), the structure is said to be rigid, and its study (if it is a geometric or topological structure) is topology. If it has non-trivial deformations, the structure is said to be flexible, and its study is geometry.
The space of homotopy classes of maps is discrete, so studying maps up to homotopy is topology.
Similarly, differentiable structures on a manifold is usually a discrete space, and hence an example of topology, but exotic R4s have continuous moduli of differentiable structures.
Algebraic varieties have continuous moduli spaces, hence their study is algebraic geometry. These are finite-dimensional moduli spaces.
The space of Riemannian metrics on a given differentiable manifold is an infinite-dimensional space.
Symplectic manifolds
Symplectic manifolds are a boundary case, and parts of their study are called symplectic topology and symplectic geometry.
By Darboux's theorem, a symplectic manifold has no local structure, which suggests that their study be called topology.
By contrast, the space of symplectic structures on a manifold form a continuous modulo, which suggests that their study be called geometry.
However, up to isotopy, the space of symplectic structures is discrete (any family of symplectic structures are isotopic).
Notes
References
The men's beach volleyball tournament at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games took place at the Subic Tennis Court, Subic, Philippines from 29 November to 6 December 2019.
Schedule
All times are Philippine Time (UTC+08:00)
Results
Preliminary round
Pool A
|}
Pool B
|}
Knockout round
References
External links
Beach volleyball at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
Men
Wikiracing is a game which the players race towards the goal of traversing from one Wikipedia page to another using only internal links. It has many different variations, described further down in the article, and names, including The Wikipedia Game, Wikipedia Maze, Wikispeedia, Wikiwars, Wikipedia Ball, Litner Ball, Wikipedia Racing, and Wikipedia Speedrunning. External websites have been created to facilitate the game.
The Seattle Times has recommended it as a good educational pastime for children and the Larchmont Gazette has said, "While I don't know any teenagers who would curl up with an encyclopedia for a good read, I hear that a lot are reading it in the process of playing the Wikipedia Game".
The Amazing Wiki Race has been an event at the TechOlympics and the Yale Freshman Olympics.
The average number of links separating any English-language Wikipedia page from the United Kingdom page is 3.67. Thus, it has been occasionally banned in the game. Other common rules such as not using the United States page increase the game's difficulty.
As of 2005, a website and game known as The Wiki Game has been created, allowing players to Wikirace against each other in a server, for more points and recognition on the server. The game achieved more recognition as Internet stars such as Game Grumps played it on their channels. There is a version on the App Store as well, in which players can do a variety of Wikirace styles from their phone.
Variations
Wikiracing has many different variants, but the two most popular ones are:
Speed Wiki, in which participants compete to reach the finish page (previously concurred upon), within a limited time. The first to reach the final page within the time limit is thereby crowned the winner.
Click Wiki, in which participants race to reach the final page with the fewest clicks or within a certain number of clicks.
The Wikipedia Game, detailed on Wikipedia's Twitter page and Protocol.com, is a game where Internet users can challenge themselves to find one path from one Wikipedia article to another.
See also
Six degrees of separation
Crowdsourcing
Gamification
Virtual Volunteering
Volunteer computing
Wikipedia community
References
External links
Wiki Wars ReloadedA new cross platform APP for iPhone and Android - with a multiplayer option for free.
Wikipedia's Wikirace project page
Wikipedia's Wiki Ladders project page
Wikipedia GameFree, multi-player game
WikiRacer.ioRace your friends in a unique version of this classic game
WikiRace by Stefan NémethWiki-Racing multiplayer supporting 4 different languages
Wikipedia
Online games
George Lockhart Rives (May 1, 1849 – August 18, 1917), was an American lawyer, politician, and author who served as United States Assistant Secretary of State from 1887 to 1889.
Early life
Rives was born in New York City on May 1, 1849 to Francis Robert Rives (1821–1891) and Matilda Antonia (née Barclay) Rives (1829–1888). Among his siblings was Ella Louise Rives King, Francis Robert Rives, Maud Antonia Rives Smith, Constance Evelyn Rives Borland, and Reginald William Rives. His father was the secretary of the American legation at London under U.S. Minister to Great Britain Edward Everett during the William Henry Harrison administration.
Rives was a descendant of the Schuyler, the Van Cortlandt and the Delancey families. His paternal grandparents were Judith Page (née Walker) Rives, who inherited the Castle Hill plantation in Virginia from her father Francis Walker, and William Cabell Rives, a U.S. Senator and Minister to France who studied law under Thomas Jefferson and was a friend of James Madison. George's uncle was noted engineer Alfred Landon Rives and his first cousin was author Amélie Rives, who married John Armstrong Chanler (a descendant of John Jacob Astor) and, later, Russian Prince Pierre Troubetzkoy. His maternal grandparents were Louisa Anna Matilda (née Aufrére) Barclay and U.S. Civil War General George Barclay, owned Carnwath Manor in Wappinger, New York, which was inherited by his father and eventually his brother Reginald.
He graduated from Columbia College in 1868 with a B.A., and again in 1872 with an A.M. Also in 1872, he graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge, and then from Columbia Law School in 1873.
Career
Following his graduation from Columbia Law School, he passed the bar and began practicing law in New York City.
In 1887, Rives was appointed Assistant Secretary of State for Latin Affairs by President Grover Cleveland to replace James Davis Porter, serving under U.S. Secretary of State Thomas F. Bayard. Rives' term as Assistant Secretary of State ended in 1889 after Cleveland's defeat by Benjamin Harrison during the 1888 presidential election. Rives was succeeded by Boston lawyer William F. Wharton who served under Secretary James G. Blaine.
Following his service in the State Department, he joined the firm of Ohr, Rives & Montgomery. From 1896 until 1902, he was a member of the New York Rapid Transit Commission and in 1900, he was president of the Commission during its revision of the Greater New York Charter.
From 1902 to 1903, during the administration of New York City Mayor Seth Low, Rives was Corporation Counsel of New York City.
In 1913, he wrote and published the two volume book The United States and Mexico, 1821-1848: A History of the Relations between the Two Countries from the Independence of Mexico to the Close of the War with the United States.
Philanthropy
From 1882 until 1917, Rives was a trustee of his alma mater, Columbia University. From 1903 to 1917, he succeeded William C. Schermerhorn and served as chairman of the trustees. In 1917, he resigned as trustee and was awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws degree.
Rives also served as president of the New York Public Library, and chairman of the Trustees of the New York Hospital.
Personal life
On May 21, 1873, Rives was married to Caroline Morris Kean (1849–1887). Caroline, a granddaughter of Peter Philip James Kean and great-granddaughter of Continental Congressman John Kean, was the sister of U.S. Senators John Kean and Hamilton Fish Kean.
George Barclay Rives (1875–1935), a graduate of St. Paul's School and Princeton University who worked in the U.S. Diplomatic Service as the first secretary of the American Embassy in Vienna, Chargé d'affaires in Brazil, and special assistant to U.S. Ambassador James W. Gerard in Berlin during World War I. George was married to Gisela Antonia Preinerstorfer (1882–1953).
After his first wife's death, Rives married for the second time to Sarah Swan (née Whiting) Belmont (1861–1924), the daughter of Augustus L. Whiting and Sarah (née Swan) Whiting, on March 20, 1889. From her first marriage to banker and socialite Oliver Belmont, she was the mother of Natica Caroline Belmont (1883–1908). After George's marriage to Sarah, he adopted Natica who took the surname Rives. In 1907, she married William Burden, brother of Arthur Scott Burden and James A. Burden Jr., though she died of asphyxiation in 1908, a few months after the marriage. Together, George and Sarah were the parents of two additional children:
Francis Bayard Rives (1890–1969), who married Helen Leigh Hunt (1893–1996), daughter of real estate investor Leigh S. J. Hunt and sister of Henry Leigh Hunt, who was married to Louise Lévêque de Vilmorin.
Mildred Sara Rives (1893–1927), who married architect Frederick Marquand Godwin (1889–1961) of Cedarmere in Roslyn, New York, in 1917. Frederick was a cousin of Professor Allan Marquand. Mildred died in December 1927 giving birth to their only child, Peter Bryant Godwin, who also died during birth.
The Riveses had a city residence at 69 East 79th Street in Manhattan designed by Carrère and Hastings in 1907–1908; a summer home in Newport, Rhode Island; and a country home in Tuxedo Park, New York. His portrait was painted in 1915 by the Swiss-born American artist Adolfo Müller-Ury (1862–1947) and hangs in the University; another version by the artist belonged to the sitter's family.
Rives died at his summer home in Newport on August 18, 1917. His widow died at her residence, 907 Fifth Avenue in New York, on May 29, 1924.
Descendants
Through his son George, he was the grandfather of Anthony Barclay Rives (1909–1964), George Barclay Rives Jr. (1910–1934), and Alexander Barclay Rives (1916–1986).
Through his son Francis, he was the grandfather of George Lockhart Rives and Margaret Leigh Rives, who married Robert C. Kellam.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Review on The United States and Mexico, 1821-1848
Guide to the Rives-Barclay Family Papers, 1698-1941 at the Library of Virginia
1849 births
1917 deaths
Schuyler family
American people of Dutch descent
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia Law School alumni
United States Assistant Secretaries of State
American historians
Burials in Rhode Island
Presidents of the New York Public Library
Rives family
The Danube () is a 2021 Russian film. Directorial debut of screenwriter Lyubov Mulmenko. The film premiered on September 23, 2021 at the Kinotavr.
Plot
Nadya came from Moscow on vacation to Belgrade. At the bar, she met the charming Serb Nesha, who knows a little Russian, and began an affair. Nesha's lifestyle is very far from Nadya's planned life in Moscow. He dresses funny, earns money by juggling on the streets in front of cars standing at traffic lights, he does not have a permanent home or even a mobile phone. This unusual relaxed life captivates the heroine. Nadya learns to live in a new way and makes an impulsive decision to stay in Belgrade. But the heady feeling of happiness and freedom dissipates, and this idea no longer seems so tempting to her.
Cast
Nadezhda Lumpova as Nadya
Nenad Vasich as Nesha
Critical response
Film critic Anton Dolin in Meduza notes in his review:
Wherever you fly away, you will still take your personal Danube with you. There are borders that even rivers cannot cross.
In turn, Andrei Plakhov said:
The result is a film that is pleasant to watch, easy to breathe, and in which all the artistic elements seem to float freely with the flow, but are so adjusted to each other that it is impossible to find out where is whose gift. However, the impression of lightness is also deceiving: enough bitterness will accumulate in free floating to make the expected ending become an emotional shock.
References
External links
Films set in Belgrade
2020s Russian-language films
Russian romantic drama films
2020s Serbian-language films
2021 directorial debut films
2021 romantic drama films
Utrecht Art Supplies is an art materials manufacturing and chain store company, based in Brooklyn. Utrecht –founded in 1949 in New York City by artist Norman Gulamerian and his brother Harold Gulamerian– sells a large range of art material brands including its own line of products. Art materials produced by Utrecht include acrylics, watercolor, oils, brushes
In 2013, Utrecht was acquired by Dick Blick, one of the chain's largest competitors. As a result, Dick Blick became "Blick Art Materials".
Products sold at Utrecht stores include acrylic, oil, watercolor, brushes, canvas, papers, pencils, inks. The company also sells office supplies such as adhesives, paper clips, push pins, and others.
Company History
Norman and Harold Gulamerian were born in Brooklyn, New York. Harold Gulamerian was born in 1924 at the home of his parents who lived on 77th street in Bensonhurst. Norman Gulamerian was born at Lutheran Medical Center in 1927. Harold joined the army in 1943. As a senior at The High School of Music and Art, Norman enlisted in the Navy in 1945. After the war, Norman got his high school diploma and then went to Brooklyn College. Harold went to City College getting a degree in science and business administration and then a law degree. When Norman got home from the service he apprenticed himself to the artist Frederick Taubes (1900-1981). He primed Taubes' canvas and ground his paint. Norman, an artist himself, was having trouble finding unprimed linen. Harold suggested they import it from Belgium. That was the start of Utrecht Art Supplies. They sold their Belgian linen out of their basement in Brooklyn. The two brothers named their venture Utrecht Linens, Inc. and dedicated themselves to supplying artists with the "highest quality art materials and supplies for the best value."
The Gulamerian brothers' artist supply business grew quickly. In 1957, they developed their revolutionary acrylic gesso for priming artist canvas. By the end of the early 1960s, they had expanded the Utrecht line to include professional-grade artist oil paints, acrylics, and watercolor supplies, sold at manufacturer-direct prices.
In 1951, they rented an office at 119 West 57th Street. In 1958, they rented factory space at Bush Terminal in Brooklyn, New York. In 1968, they opened their first retail store at 32 Third Avenue in New York City. They then opened locations in Philadelphia, Boston, Chicago, Detroit, Washington DC, Berkeley, California, and San Francisco. By the time they sold their business in 1997, they had grown from a small space in Bush Terminal (now called Industry City) to 50,000 square feet and an additional 50,000 square feet of retail space. Norman Gulamerian died at 92 in April 2020 of coronavirus. Harold Gulamerian lived in Mill Neck on Long Island until his passing on September 5, 2012 at the age of 88.
Today, Utrecht still mills its own premium artist paints and gesso at its Brooklyn, New York plant. Under its Brooklyn Made program, the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce, has granted Utrecht Gold Certification status. This program affirms Utrecht as a locally based manufacturer and employer.
Brands
Some of the brands commercialised by Utrecht include:
Utrecht
Caran d'Ache
Derwent
edding
Faber-Castell
Grumbacher
Koh-i-Noor
Prismacolor
Pentel
Royal Talens
Rotring
Sakura
Sennelier
Sharpie
Staedtler
Winsor & Newton
References
External links
Companies based in New York City
Art materials brands
Oil paint brands
Artists' acrylic paint brands
Watercolor brands
Retail companies established in 1949
1949 establishments in New York City
Arts and crafts retailers
Paul Rincon (born 1977) is a British journalist specialising in science and technology. He currently works as a science and technology journalist for BBC News, where he has reported across online, radio and television platforms. He covers a wide range of subjects, including astronomy, manned and robotic spaceflight, human evolution, crustaceans and particle physics.
Popular science
Rincon received a special citation at the 2009 Sir Arthur Clarke Awards, held at Charterhouse School in Godalming, UK, where the BBC News Science Team was awarded the prize for best space reporting.
External links
Paul Rincon at Journalisted
Sir Arthur Clarke Awards 2009
Frozen baby mammoth coverage, Knight Science Journalism Tracker (MIT)
Active glacier found on Mars, Knight Science Journalism Tracker (MIT)
References
BBC newsreaders and journalists
British male journalists
1977 births
Living people
Miętkie-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Marguerite Primrose Gerrard (29 July 1922, Jamaica – 11 August 1993, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, born Marguerite Primrose Tyndale-Biscoe, was a Jamaica-born American botanical artist.
Life and family
Marguerite Primrose Tyndale-Biscoe was born in Jamaica on 29 July 1922 in a family of Robert Stafford Tyndale-Biscoe and Marguerite Eliza Wilson. In 1948 she married James Herbert Gerrard, taking Gerrard as her married name. They had a son, James Herbert Gerrard the Younger (1954-1982). Gerrard died on 11 August 1993 and is buried in the United States at Arlington Cemetery in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania.
Art
Marguerite Primrose Gerrard worked in techniques of botanical watercolour, tempera, and gouache. Her botanical watercolours and drawings are included to the Catalogue of the Botanical Art Collection at the Hunt Institute. Selected watercolours are offered and sold at auction, including Ashcroft and Moore.
References
External links
Marguerite Primrose Gerrard on FindGrave
1922 births
1993 deaths
20th-century American artists
20th-century American women artists
Jamaican emigrants to the United States
Botanical illustrators
Burials at Arlington Cemetery (Pennsylvania)
Kordabad (, also Romanized as Kordābād) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Gumbo is a spicy, hearty stew or soup.
Gumbo may also refer to:
Gumbo (surname), a list of people with the name
Gumbo (mascot), a mascot dog of the New Orleans Saints
Gumbo, Missouri, a community in the United States
Gumbo (soil), heavy clay soil
Okra or gumbo, a flowering plant with edible green fruit
Gumbo Jones, a character in Gumby
Gumbo, the family name of the characters in Rose Is Rose
Gumbo, the code name for Adobe Flex 4
Music
Gumbo'!, an album by Pink Siifu, 2021
Gumbo (album), by PJ Morton, 2017
Gumbo!, an album by Pony Poindexter with Booker Ervin, 1973
Dr. John's Gumbo, an album by Dr. John, 1972
"Gumbo" (song), by Phish, 1995
"Gumbo", a song by Jay Rock from 90059, 2015
See also
Captain Gumbo, a Dutch Cajun music and zydeco band
Vertisol or "black gumbo", a type of soil
Gumball (disambiguation)
Sir Henry Kenyon Stephenson, 1st Baronet DSO (16 August 1865 – 20 September 1947) was a British Liberal politician and businessman. His father was Henry Stephenson.
Career
Stephenson was born into a family of Typefounders in Sheffield. He became the chairman and managing director of Stephenson, Blake & Co Ltd, (1927) and later the Chair of the Sheffield Gas Company. He became the treasurer of the University College of Sheffield, and later the first treasurer of its successor, the University of Sheffield.
Stephenson joined the Liberal Party and was elected to Sheffield City Council, becoming lord mayor in 1908–09 and again in 1910–11. In 1910, he also became the pro-chancellor of the University of Sheffield, succeeding Sir Frederick Mappin.
He had been an officer in the Territorial Force for many years and was Sheffield University's representative on the West Riding Territorial Association. He had been awarded the Volunteer Decoration, held the substantive rank of Major from 1898 and the honorary rank of Lieutenant-Colonel. On the outbreak of World War I he was officer commanding 8th West Riding Battery in the III West Riding Brigade, Royal Field Artillery (the 'Sheffield Artillery'). Appointed to command the 1/IV West Riding Brigade, RFA, he took it to the Western Front in April 1915. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order and twice Mentioned in dispatches.
At the 1918 general election, he became the first Member of Parliament for the Sheffield Park constituency, holding the seat as a National Liberal in 1922, but dropping to a distant third place in 1923. He served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1932.He also served as Master Cutler in 1919 and later retired to Hassop Hall. In 1936 he was created a Baronet, of Hassop Hall in the County of Derby.
Family
On 10 January 1894 he married Frances, the eldest daughter of Major William Blake of Mylnhurst, Eccleshall, Sheffield. They had eight children:
Sir Henry Francis Blake Stephenson, 2nd Baronet, born 3 December 1895
William Raymond Shirecliffe Stephenson, born 27 August 1898
Percival John Parker Stephenson, born 18 May 1900
Charles Eustace Kenyon Stephenson, born 7 September 1903
Evelyn Mary Stephenson, married 5 April 1923 Anthony Henry Mather Jackson
Helen Millicent Frances Stephenson
Cynthia Margaret Stephenson
Emma Letitia Gertrude Stephenson, married 25 October 1941 Group Captain Philip Charles Fenner Lawton, DFC
Sir Henry died on 20 September 1947 and was succeeded by his eldest son.
References
External links
1865 births
1947 deaths
Military personnel from Sheffield
Royal Artillery officers
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Lord Mayors of Sheffield
UK MPs 1918–1922
UK MPs 1922–1923
British Army personnel of World War I
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
High Sheriffs of Derbyshire
National Liberal Party (UK, 1922) politicians
Master Cutlers
Politicians from Sheffield
Noor Faezah Md Elai (better known by the name Faezah Elai) is a Malaysian actress.
Early life
She's of Punjab and Thai descent. She came from Gelugor, Penang, and was born on August 16, 1982. She is also a former flight attendant of the Malaysian Aviation System (MAS).
Career
She started her early career as a model and joined Dewi Remaja 2005/2006. Where Scha Alyahya won the competition for that edition. Her first appearance in the film was through the film “Otai” directed by Abdul Razak Mohaideen in 2007. She later starred in the television drama series “Sutera Maya” which was broadcast on TV3 playing the role of Maya Sofea.
She started her acting work with the drama on the channel Astro Ria, Cinta dan Keadilsm.
Filmography
Film
Otai (2007) as Mawar
Anak Mamak Menantu Mami (2010)
Cun! (2011) as Kuntom/Tom
Senjakala (2011) as Isabella
Tolong Awek Aku Pontianak (2011)
Jidin Sengal (2012) as Ella Sunti
Mantera The Movie (2012)
Adik Manja Returns (2012) as Bib
KL Zombi (2013) as Sofea
Tanda Putera (2013) as Rahah Mohamed Noah
Telefilem
Dalca Mami Georgetown (2009)
Cinta Si Kasar Lembut (2011)
Ijam Non Yankee (2012)
Abah Tak Balik Malam Raya (2013)
Di Bawah Satu Langit (2013)
Dia Yang Terpilih (2013) as Mak Ngah
Miah Oh Miah
Anugerah Mimi
Di Mana Kan Ku cari Ganti
Pelita Tanpa Sumbu (2013)
Habibah VS Baby (2014)
Bila Tiba Saatnya (2016)
Sinar Ramadan Untuk Amanda (2019)
Drama
Cinta Dan Keadilan
Enigma (2008)
Sutera Maya (2008) sebagai Maya Sofea
Asmara as Zaliya
Cempaka Berbunga
Pemanduku Jutawan (2009)
Hartamas (2009)
La Dolce Amira (2009) as Amira
Cinta Sempurna (2009)
Gerak Khas (Musim 11) - episod: "Sindiket"
Sayang Cendana (2010) as Gina
Dendam Kesuma (2010)
Asmara 2 (2011) as Zaliya / Suhana
Jiwa & Lara (2011) as Marini
Memberku Hawa (Musim 1) (2012) as Hawa
Andai Kutahu (2012) as Shima/Shariza
7 Suami (2014) as herself
Kifarah: Di Angin Lalu (2014) as Zareen
Kifarah 2: Seri Muka (2014) as Nadia
Wadi (2015) as Cikgu Murni
Kifarah Mistik: Malam Jumaat (2015)
Nana Narita (2011)
Cerita Ramadan Hazim (2017)
Cinta Fatamorgana (2018) as Wahidah
Setelah Cinta Itu Pergi (2019) as Zaidah
Rumah Siti Khadijah (2019) as Amira
References
Living people
Malaysian actresses
Malaysian people of Punjabi descent
Malaysian people of Indian descent
Malaysian people of Malay descent
1982 births
Malaysian people of Thai descent
People from Penang
Sir Raymond Powell (19 June 1928 – 7 December 2001), known as Ray Powell, was a Welsh politician who served as the Labour Member of Parliament for Ogmore. He continued as constituency MP until his death.
Powell, a former shop worker and manager, was sponsored by his trade union, USDAW, and entered Parliament at the 1979 election, after becoming chairman of the Welsh Labour Party in 1977; he was an opponent of Welsh devolution. He was an opposition whip from 1983 to 1995, when he retired to the backbenches. He was knighted in 1996.
He was opposed to Sunday trading and was active in Parliament to block legislation to allow it. He married Marion Evans in 1950, and their daughter, Janice Gregory, was a member of the National Assembly for Wales from 1999 to 2016.
References
1928 births
2001 deaths
Knights Bachelor
Welsh Labour Party MPs
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Politics of Bridgend County Borough
Politicians awarded knighthoods
The 1988 Espirito Santo Trophy took place 8–11 September at Drottningholm Golf Club in Stockholm, Sweden. The club was later renamed the Royal Drottningholm Golf Club, named from the palace close to the course, the Drottningholm Palace, home of the Swedish king and queen. The course, laid out on crown property, opened in 1959 in a park and woodland area about 15 kilometres (9 miles) from midtown Stockholm. For this championship, the course was set up as the women's championship course with par 73.
It was the 13th women's golf World Amateur Team Championship for the Espirito Santo Trophy. The tournament was a 72-hole stroke play team event with 27 team entries, each with three players. The best two scores for each round counted towards the team total.
The United States team won the Trophy, earning the title for the tenth time, beating the hosting country team Sweden by one stroke. Sweden earned the silver medal while the combined team of Great Britain & Ireland took the bronze on third place another twelve strokes back.
Anne Quast Sander, playing in the United States team, was a member of the winning team for a tied record third time, in 1988 at 51 years of age and 24 years after her first win in 1966 (at the time known as Anne Quast Welts). Her second win came in 1968. The only other women to have won the Espirito Santo Trophy three times is Jane Bastanchury Booth, who was a member of the winning U.S. team in 1968, 1970 and 1972.
Teams
27 teams entered the event and completed the competition. Each team had three players.
Results
Sources:
Individual leaders
There was no official recognition for the lowest individual scores.
References
External links
World Amateur Team Championships on International Golf Federation website
Espirito Santo Trophy
Golf tournaments in Sweden
Espirito Santo Trophy
Espirito Santo Trophy
Espirito Santo Trophy
Joseph H. Hazelton (c. 1853 – October 6, 1936), aka Joseph Hazleton, was an American stage and film actor. He appeared in 30 films between 1912 and 1922. As a boy program giver at Ford's Theatre, he witnessed the assassination of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln on April 14, 1865.
Life and career
Hazelton debuted on stage as a child when a production at Grover's Theater in Washington, D.C. needed a boy to play a young prince in King John. Thereafter, he continued to stay around the theater, doing odd jobs and handing out programs. In 1910, he was a member of the Columbia Players in Washington, D.C.
When the Pasadena Community Playhouse presented Our American Cousin in 1930, Hazelton spoke during intermission of each performance, relating what he witnessed as he observed the assassination. In 1933, Hazelton gave a lecture at May Company Exposition Hall in Los Angeles and talked about watching Booth shoot Lincoln. An article in Good Housekeeping in its February 1927 edition, titled "This Man Saw Lincoln Shot," was the basis for a leaflet that Hazleton released to raise funds later in his life.
On Broadway, Hazelton performed in Skipper & Co., Wall Street (1903).
Hazelton died in Los Angeles, California on October 6, 1936.
Selected filmography
See also
Samuel J. Seymour, last living witness of Lincoln's assassination
References
External links
Joseph Hazleton recalls witnessing Lincoln assassination as a boy
audio recording of Hazelton recalling the Lincoln assassination
1850s births
1936 deaths
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
20th-century American male actors
People associated with the assassination of Abraham Lincoln
Arkansas Correctional School District, also known as the Arkansas Correctional School (ACS), and previously the Arkansas Department of Correction School District (ADCSD), is the education system that serves the Arkansas Department of Correction (ADC) prisons and the Arkansas Department of Community Correction (DCC) facilities. The district opened in 1973 when Act 279 was passed by the Arkansas General Assembly. The agency has its headquarters within the Pine Bluff Complex in Pine Bluff.
Since the beginning of the 1997–98 school year, ADC inmates without a high school diploma who have not passed their GED high-school equivalency exam have been required to take ACS classes.
References
External links
Arkansas Correctional School District
School districts in Arkansas
1973 establishments in Arkansas
School districts established in 1973
Atta: A Novel of a Most Extraordinary Adventure is a science fiction novel by Francis Rufus Bellamy published in 1953. In 1954 the novel was published back-to-back with Murray Leinster's The Brain Stealers as Ace Double D-079.
Atta is a Robinson Crusoe-like tale of a man who is hit by lightning and wakes up, to find himself half an inch tall. He befriends a talking warrior ant named Atta and has many adventures. At the end of the novel, Atta dies, and the man returns to normal size.
Critical reception
Damon Knight wrote of the novel
Aside from the author's archaic narrative style and his relentless disregard of natural history, the principal irritant in this story is the hero's absolutely impenetrable stupidity...This book could only have been written by a man who thought his idea was brand new. If he had read a little science fiction, he might have been disabused of this and several other misconceptions; but doubtless he took the word of some respected critic that no worthwhile fantasy has been published since 1719.
P. Schuyler Miller found the novel unsuccessful, saying "as a satire on human society, it's rather fumbling. And if it's just a story, . . . it could be more skilfully told."
References
External links
Atta at The Open Library
1953 American novels
1953 science fiction novels
American science fiction novels
Fiction about size change
'Padre' George Smith (8 January 1845 – 26 November 1918), an army chaplain, was a defender of Rorke's Drift during the Zulu War of 1879, an action which saw the winning of eleven Victoria Crosses.
He was born in Docking in Norfolk in 1845, the youngest of three sons of William Smith (1801–1877), a master shoe-maker who employed two men in his business, and Frances, née Peacock (1805–1876). In 1861 aged 16 he was lodging at an address in King's Lynn in Norfolk where he was working as a railway clerk.
'Padre' George Smith served as a missionary in South Africa from 1870. However, he is best remembered for his part in the famous defence of Rorke's Drift during the Zulu War of 1877–79 which won him the praise of several officers involved in that action in their reports. As an assistant army chaplain, and therefore a non-combatant, Smith played a supportive role in the defence, where he distributed ammunition to the soldiers of the 24th Regiment of Foot (2nd Warwickshires) who were manning the barricades. Smith was not portrayed in the 1964 film Zulu.
After the Zulu War he was often referred to as "Ammunition Smith". As an assistant army chaplain, and therefore technically a civilian, Smith was not entitled to receive a campaign medal or other award for his part in the defence. Instead he was offered, and accepted, a position as a regular army chaplain. He is depicted in The Defence of Rorke's Drift (1880) by Elizabeth Thompson and in the identically named painting by Alphonse de Neuville.
After South Africa he served as chaplain in several other wars including the Battle of Tel el-Kebir in Egypt, the war against the Dervishes in the Sudan and during the Nile expedition in Egypt.
Padre Smith also served in many posts in the UK including at Aldershot and in 1891 he was living at Hound in Hampshire while serving as Chaplain at the nearby Royal Victoria Hospital. On 10 February 1900 he was promoted to Chaplain of the Forces first class (with rank as a colonel), and stationed at Caterham. On his retirement he resided in the Sumner's Hotel in Preston, where he died on 26 November 1918 from bronchial trouble which had afflicted him for six months. After a small military ceremony, he was buried in the Church of England plot in New Hall Lane cemetery in Preston, Lancashire. He never married.
Canon William Lummis's 1978 book Padre George Smith of Rorke's Drift is a detailed account into the life of Smith and his part in the action at Rorke's Drift on 22–23 January 1879.
In Alphonse de Neuville's famous 1880 painting The Defence of Rorke's Drift (above) Padre Smith is depicted to the right of centre (recognisable in his blue tunic and red beard) distributing ammunition to the defenders.
George Smith is also honoured at The Museum of Army Chaplaincy.
He makes an appearance in the Battle of Rorke's Drift in Flashman and the Tiger in which he is described as a "huge cove" with a red beard.
References
External links
Padre Smith's account of the Battle of Rorke's Drift
British people of the Anglo-Zulu War
British Army personnel of the Mahdist War
British Army personnel of the Anglo-Egyptian War
Royal Army Chaplains' Department officers
1845 births
1918 deaths
Military personnel from Norfolk
Burials in Lancashire
Anglo-Zulu War chaplains
Mahdist War chaplains
Anglo-Egyptian War chaplains
People from Docking, Norfolk
Sphinctomyrmex schoerederi is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Dorylinae. S. schoerederi is known only from the holotype, collected in a leaf litter sample from a forest remnant in the campus of Universidade Federal de Viçosa in Brazil, where it occurs in sympatry with S. stali. Gynes and males are unknown.
Description
Nothing is known about its biology. This species can hardly be confounded with other congeners given the combination of subquadrate head, anterior margin of clypeus with two lateral lobes projecting over the mandibles, abdominal segments IV to VII with strongly developed pretergites, and the presence of short appressed hairs on the dorsal surface of gaster.
References
Dorylinae
Insects described in 2011
Argentine Korean or Korean Argentine may be:
Of or relating to Argentina–North Korea relations
Of or relating to Argentina–South Korea relations
Argentines in North Korea
Argentines in South Korea
Koreans in Argentina
Eurasian (mixed ancestry) people of Argentine and Korean ancestry
Giese is an unincorporated community in Wagner Township, Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States, located near Finlayson.
The community is located in east-central Minnesota at the junction of State Highway 18 (MN 18) and Aitkin County Road 23 (130th Place). Giese is near the southeast corner of Aitkin County, near the county line with Pine County. Big Pine Lake is nearby.
History
Originally Henkeltown, the Henkel family sold the only store in town to the Giese clan. The community had a post office from 1918 to 1953. Giese was named for George F. Giese, a local businessman and the first postmaster.
References
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Aitkin County, Minnesota
Blind Connie Williams (born c.1915 – ) was an American blues guitarist who was a street performer beginning in the early 1930s. Williams was something of a journeyman throughout his busking career, but he lived in Philadelphia for most of his life. Much of his repertoire consisted of sanctified gospel songs and pre-war country blues standards. In 1961, Williams had a recording session with the record producer Pete Welding, the results of which were later released on a compilation album.
Little is known about Williams's personal life. According to Welding's notes, Williams was born in Florida sometime in 1915. His parents were migrant workers. As a teenager, he attended the Florida School for the Deaf and Blind in St. Augustine, where he developed a sophisticated understanding of harmony and proficiency as a guitarist. He began his career as a street performer in the 1930s. In 1935, Williams settled in Philadelphia. He frequently traveled to Harlem, where he performed alongside Reverend Gary Davis. Williams could play blues standards, folk songs, and some pop tunes, but he told Welding in 1961 that he preferred playing spirituals, because he enjoyed them and "the police rarely would bother him if he confined himself to this sort of material". The Piedmont blues guitarist Frank Hovington, another musician who occasionally teamed up with Williams in Philadelphia in the 1940s, recalled that Williams was "more at home" performing spirituals, as he sang in a gospel quartet at an African Methodist Episcopal church in Frederick, Maryland.
In 1961, when Williams was residing in a predominantly black neighborhood on Lombard Street in Philadelphia, Welding observed his performance of sanctified numbers with accordion accompaniment. After striking up a friendship with the producer, Williams explained that he had begun to play the accordion for its audibility, while also limiting his physical activity, both important characteristics for the aging musician. For the recording sessions he agreed to participate with Welding at radio station WHYY on May 5, 1961. Welding bought him a guitar, and Williams reacquainted himself with it. The influence of Reverend Davis is evident throughout the 23 numbers recorded, but Williams had his own style, marked by bass string slapping and bottleneck techniques.
None of the recordings were released at the time; however, 16 of the songs were compiled on the album Blind Connie Williams: Traditional Blues, Spirituals and Folksongs in 1974 on Welding's Testament Records. Williams' best-known song, his early 1930s rendition of a song that was adopted by Thomas A. Dorsey's "Take My Hand, Precious Lord" was performed in a traditional eight-bar blues format, which was his preferred style. Not much is known about Williams following his sessions with Welding, although he was still living in Philadelphia by 1974. In 1995, his album, retitled Philadelphia Street Singer, was distributed, with seven tracks from the 1961 sessions that were not included on the 1974 version.
Discography
Traditional Blues, Spirituals and Folksongs, Testament Records T-2225, 1974
Philadelphia Street Singer, Testament Records TCD-5024, 1995 reissue
References
External links
Blind Connie Williams discography
1915 births
Year of death missing
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
Guitarists from Philadelphia
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Getback is the third studio album from Little Brother, released on October 23, 2007. On October 12, Phonte leaked the album himself to Okayplayer.com
Details
The group has confirmed the involvement of several outside producers, in addition to 9th Wonder. These include Nottz (who previously collaborated with the group on the Justus League album, Soldiers of Fortune), Illmind (who has contributed to their mixtape albums), Hi-Tek, and Denaun Porter. Low Budget producer, Oddisee was supposed to make a contribution, however, the group wrapped up the album before finally meeting up with him.
The songs recorded and confirmed include four Nottz produced songs, and four Illmind produced songs, along with one 9th Wonder produced song. This caused many to speculate about 9th Wonders' role within the group, some even suggesting that he may have left the group entirely. Asked for clarification, 9th responded:
Fan reaction to this news has been mixed, with some welcoming the new changes, and many others calling for greater involvement from 9th. Nonetheless, the album still had an overall positive outlook from critics. In a drastic turn of events, the group announced in January, 2007 that they would be parting ways with both Atlantic Records, and their longtime producer 9th Wonder, due to creative differences but in both cases, on amicable terms. Rapper Big Pooh was quoted as saying:
Track listing
Notes
"After The Party" parodies a famous Jamie Foxx comedy roast, in which Jamie heckles a failed joke by Doug Williams
Singles
Good Clothes,
That Ain't Love
Personnel
Design – Frank William Miller, Junior
Executive-Producer – Beni B, Little Brother, Mischa "Big Dho" Burgess
Mastered By – Dave Cheppa
Recorded & Mixed By – Khrysis
Photography By – Jati Lindsay
References
External links
Getback by Little Brother Review
2007 albums
Little Brother (group) albums
Albums produced by 9th Wonder
Albums produced by Nottz
Albums produced by Mr. Porter
Albums produced by Hi-Tek
Albums produced by Illmind
Albums produced by Khrysis
Lyon County is the most northwesterly county of the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,934. The county seat is Rock Rapids.
Lyon County is named in honor of Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon, who served in the Mexican–American War and the Civil War. He was killed at the Battle of Wilson's Creek, Missouri, on August 10, 1861, after which the county was named for him. The county's name was originally Buncombe County, but was changed by the state legislature on September 11, 1862.
History
The land that makes up Lyon County was ceded to the federal government by the Sioux Native Tribe through a treaty signed on July 23, 1851. The boundaries of the county were set on January 15, 1851, and attached to Woodbury County (then called Wahkaw County) for administration purposes. Lyon County was split from Woodbury County on January 1, 1872.
The first non-indigenous resident to live in Lyon County was Daniel McLaren, known as "Uncle Dan". He lived near the Sioux River for a short time, spending his time hunting and trapping. He moved out of the county early in its settlement to stake a claim further west. The second settler in the area was known as "Old Tom", a hunter and trapper who lived briefly near present-day Rock Rapids. While setting his traps, Old Tom was killed by Sioux tribespeople.
In 1862–1863, a group of men from the east coast spent time in the county on a hunting trip. They were: Roy McGregor, George Clark and Thomas Lockhart. During the winter, Lockhart and McGregor were hunting elk along the Little Rock creek and encountered a group of Sioux tribespeople. Lockhart was killed by an arrow, but McGregor was able to escape and rejoin Clark. The two continued to hunt and trap until March 1863. During a spring flood, Clark was drowned and McGregor decided to move back east.
The first permanent settlement in Lyon County was built by Lewis P. Hyde in July 1866. The county's population reached 100 persons in 1869, entirely through migration and settlement. The first non-indigenous child born in the county was Odena Lee, born on May 28, 1871. The first election in the county was held on October 10, 1871, and recorded 97 votes.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.02%) is water.
Lyon County is the location of Gitchie Manitou State Preserve, which contains some of the oldest exposed bedrock in the country.
Lake Pahoja is located in the northwest part of the county. It is a man-made lake with an area of just over 28 ha (70 acres).
Major highways
U.S. Highway 18
U.S. Highway 75
Iowa Highway 9
Iowa Highway 182
Adjacent counties
Rock County, Minnesota (north)
Nobles County, Minnesota (northeast)
Osceola County (east)
Sioux County (south)
Lincoln County, South Dakota (west)
Minnehaha County, South Dakota (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 11,934 in the county, with a population density of . 97.19% of the population reported being of one race. 91.03% were non-Hispanic White, 0.34% were Black, 3.41% were Hispanic, 0.27% were Native American, 0.20% were Asian, 0.39% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.37% were some other race or more than one race. There were 4,817 housing units, of which 4,466 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 11,581 in the county, with a population density of . There were 4,848 housing units, of which 4,442 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 11,763 people, 4,428 households, and 3,263 families residing in the county. The population density was 20 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 4,758 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 99.13% White, 0.09% Black or African American, 0.14% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.10% from other races, and 0.37% from two or more races. 0.36% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,428 households, out of which 34.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.10% were married couples living together, 4.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.30% were non-families. 24.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.13.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.00% under the age of 18, 7.60% from 18 to 24, 24.60% from 25 to 44, 20.90% from 45 to 64, and 18.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 98.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,878, and the median income for a family was $45,144. Males had a median income of $29,462 versus $19,385 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,081. About 4.90% of families and 7.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.90% of those under age 18 and 10.30% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Alvord
Doon
George
Inwood
Larchwood
Lester
Little Rock
Rock Rapids
Unincorporated communities
Beloit
Edna
Granite
Klondike
Townships
Allison
Centennial
Cleveland
Dale
Doon
Elgin
Garfield
Grant
Larchwood
Liberal
Logan
Lyon
Midland
Richland
Riverside
Rock
Sioux
Wheeler
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Lyon County.
† county seat
Politics
Lyon County is among the most GOP-friendly counties in Iowa. Only one Democrat has ever won the county: Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936. Though he carried the county in both elections by a very comfortable margin, in 1940 the county went back to its solid Republican roots, and since that time only Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 has won more than 45% of the county's vote, with Michael Dukakis being the last Democrat to reach 30%. The only other times someone besides a Republican won this county were in 1912 when Theodore Roosevelt carried it in the split 1912 election, and Robert M. La Follette in 1924 carried it by about a 2 percentage point plurality; Even so, both of these men belonged to the Republican Party outside of these elections.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lyon County, Iowa
Blood Run Site
References
Further reading
External links
Collected articles dealing with early Lyon County history
Iowa State Association of Counties page about Lyon County
Informational page about Lake Pahoja
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Martin Semchuk (August 20, 1914 – November 15, 2000) was a merchant and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Meadow Lake from 1960 to 1964 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) member.
He was born in Meath Park, Saskatchewan, the son of Bill Semchuk, and was educated in Prince Albert. In 1935, he married Josephine Mary Gerlowski. Semchuk was president of the Meadow Lake Board of Trade and was a director of the Saskatchewan Chamber of Commerce. He also helped create Meadow Lake Provincial Park. Semchuk operated a grocery store in Meadow Lake. He served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Telephones, Minister of Public Health, Minister of Highways and Transportation and Minister of Industry and Commerce. He was defeated by Henry Coupland when he ran for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1964, and defeated again in 1967 after running as the NDP candidate. Semchuk later worked with the Saskatchewan Department of Natural Resources in Regina. In 1975, he retired to Kelowna, British Columbia. Semchuk died in Oliver, British Columbia at the age of 86.
Semchuk helped establish the first winter road to Uranium City during the 1950s. When a permanent road was established in 1980, it was named the Semchuk Trail in his honour.
References
1914 births
2000 deaths
Canadian people of Ukrainian descent
People from Meadow Lake, Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan Co-operative Commonwealth Federation MLAs
20th-century Canadian politicians
Sir James Reid, 1st Baronet (23 October 1849 – 28 June 1923) was a British doctor who served as physician-in-ordinary to three British monarchs, Queen Victoria, King Edward VII and King George V.
A physician, a Scotsman from Aberdeenshire and able to speak German, he fulfilled Queen Victoria's chief criteria for resident medical attendant under the supervision of her then physician-in-ordinary, Sir William Jenner. At the age of 31 years, he was given medical charge of the Royal Household at Balmoral. The Queen became increasingly dependent upon Reid as she grew older, and he accompanied her everywhere. He also attended to members of the Royal family, and delivered several of her grandchildren. As part of his duties to the Household, he also attended to the Queen's "Munshi", Abdul Karim.
Early life and education
James Reid was born in Ellon, Aberdeenshire on 23 October 1849, the eldest son of James Reid and his wife Beatrice Peter. He was educated at Aberdeen Grammar School before gaining admission to the University of Aberdeen, where he was a gold medallist. In 1869 he gained his masters in natural sciences and in 1872 his medical degree. After two years of practising medicine in London, he travelled to Vienna, then a seat for elite medical training, where for two years he attended various medical courses covering gynaecology, diseases of the ear, nose and throat, skin disease, eye disease and syphilis, in addition to learning German. In 1877, he returned to Scotland, and joined his father's practice in Ellon, where he worked for the next three years.
Royal household
In April 1881, Reid was approached by Alexander Profeit, the Queen's Factor at Balmoral. A physician, a Scotsman from Aberdeenshire and able to speak German, Reid fulfilled Queen Victoria's chief criteria for resident medical attendant under the supervision of her then physician-in-ordinary, Sir William Jenner. After the Queen interviewed Reid on 8 June 1881 at Balmoral, he was hired on a starting salary of £400 per year, and given medical charge of the Royal Household at Balmoral, at the age of 31 years. Following the death of William Marshall, the resident physician to the Queen, Reid was appointed to a permanent position and moved to London. In 1887, he was appointed physician-extraordinary to the Queen and two years later he succeeded Sir William as physician-in-ordinary.
The Queen became increasingly dependent upon Reid as she grew older. He accompanied her everywhere, and reported to her every morning to enquire on her health. She wrote to him every day and when asked for advice by members of the Household, it became common for her to reply "ask Sir James". She consulted with him during her grief following the death of John Brown in 1883, and he delivered several of her grandchildren, including Charles Edward, the son of Prince Leopold, and Princess Beatrice's children; Alexander Mountbatten, 1st Marquess of Carisbrooke, Victoria Eugenie, Queen of Spain, Lord Leopold Mountbatten and Prince Maurice of Battenberg.
As physician to the Queen, and at her instruction, Reid also attended to her "Munshi", Abdul Karim. In 1894, along with others, he protested against the role of Karim in Queen Victoria's life. On the question of the Karim's background, Reid noted in his diary that John W. Tyler, superintendent at the central jail in Agra, had informed him that he "had constantly seen the Munshi's wife and female relations in India, as they were never shut up there from public gaze, belonging as they do to quite a low class; and that the idea of their being in purdah was never dreamt of until they came to England as ladies". In later years, Reid would become the main communicator between the Royal Household and the Queen in matters relating to the Munshi.
He attended to the Queen at Osborne House, the royal residence on the Isle of Wight, during her final ten days . As the Queen's condition deteriorated, her daughters Helena, Beatrice, Louise and Victoria were in attendance, later joined by their brother Bertie, the Prince of Wales. Reid helped them to accept and come to terms with the impending death of their mother. Reid had previously prescribed for the Queen chlorodyne (chloral hydrate) for insomnia and the sedative Trional for arthritic pain but there is no record that either of these was prescribed in the Queens final illness. On January 17 Reid asked Sir Richard Douglas Powell, physician-in-ordinary for his advice and, as the Queen's condition deteriorated further, asked Sir Thomas Barlow to attend to provide further medical support. The Queen died on 22 January 1901, at half past six in the evening. Reid was given strict instructions as to burying the Queen, including grave goods that had belonged to John Brown.
Reid then became physician-in-ordinary to Edward VII throughout the whole of his reign, and then finally to George V. In March 1909 King Edward VII fell ill. He suffered from chronic bronchitis, the result of smoking around twenty cigarettes and several cigars each day. Reid recommended a dose of radium and told Kaiser Wilhelm II, the King's nephew, that the King "was rapidly sinking." On 6 March 1910, the King was treated for "acute cardiac distress" (heart disease). Reid diagnosed an acute exacerbation of the chronic bronchitis but he decided to hide the potential seriousness of this from the royal family and by 25 March, gave him a clean bill of health although the patient was permanently wheezing, asthmatic, and could not walk upstairs. By 5 May, the King was turning blue, and Reid issued a bulletin that the King's condition was "causing some anxiety" and a few hours later announced that it was causing "grave anxiety." The King died soon afterwards just before midnight.
Later life
He became consulting physician to the King Edward VII Sanatorium at Midhurst.
In 1914 Reid, although by then retired, received instructions from London to travel to Wick, northern Scotland to meet Prince Albert ('Bertie', 1895–1952), second son of the King and the future King George VI. The prince had been taken ill with abdominal pain whilst serving as a midshipman on HMS Collingwood. Reid accompanied the prince as he was transferred to Aberdeen on the hospital ship Rohilla. On 9 September an appendectomy was performed on the prince by the Regius Professor of Surgery in Aberdeen Sir John Marnoch, who was surgeon to the Royal Household in Scotland. Reid was present at the operation along with Sir Alexander Ogston. The prince made a good recovery from the procedure, returning to serve on HMS Collingwood at the Battle of Jutland.
Personal and family
Reid married, in 1899, the Honourable Susan Baring (9 October 1870–8 February 1961), daughter of Edward Baring, 1st Baron Revelstoke. She had been Maid of honour to Queen Victoria 1898–1899. They had two daughters and two sons, including Sir Edward Reid.
Awards and honours
In 1889, Reid was created Companion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath (CB), He then became Knight Commander of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath (KCB) in 1895, a baronet in 1897, and in 1901 was made Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO)
Other honours include Prussian Order of the Crown (2nd Class), given during the visit of Emperor Wilhelm II to the United Kingdom for the death and funeral of Queen Victoria in January–February 1901, and an Honorary doctorate (LL.D) from the University of Glasgow, awarded to Reid in June 1901 during the university's 450th jubilee celebrations.
Death and legacy
Reid died in post on 28 June 1923.
Ellon Castle in Aberdeenshire was inherited by Reid's grandson, whose wife Michaela Reid found his diaries, which she used to compile a biography of Reid, titled Ask Sir James, published in 1987. The historian and writer Shrabani Basu used Reid's personal diaries, scrapbooks and photographs when researching her book Victoria and Abdul: The True Story of the Queen's Closest Confidant, in which are several photographs from the Reid archives. In the 2017 film Victoria & Abdul, based on Basu's book, Reid was portrayed by actor Paul Higgins.
References
Bibliography
Reid, Michaela (1996). Ask Sir James: The Life of Sir James Reid, personal physician to Queen Victoria.
1849 births
People from Ellon, Aberdeenshire
People educated at Aberdeen Grammar School
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
Physicians-in-Ordinary
Scottish justices of the peace
1923 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the national ministry of foreign affairs of Mauritania. It has its headquarters in Nouakchott, just to the northwest of the Nouakchott Convention Center complex.
List of ministers
This is a list of Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Mauritania:
1960–1962: Moktar Ould Daddah
1962–1963: Cheikhna Ould Mohamed Laghdaf
1963–1965: Mohamed Ould Dayin
1965............ Moktar Ould Daddah
1965–1966: Mohamed Ould Cheikh
1966............ Malum Ould Braham
1966–1968: Wane Birane Mamadou
1968–1970: Hamdi Ould Mouknass
1970–1971: Mohamed Moktar Ould Cheikh Abdellahi
1971–1978: Hamdi Ould Mouknass
1978–1979: Cheikhna Ould Mohamed Laghdaf
1979–1980: Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah
1980–1981: Mohamed Moktar Ould Zamil
1981............ Dahane Ould Ahmed Mahmoud
1981–1984: Ahmed Ould Minnih
1984............ Cheikh Sid'Ahmed Ould Babamine
1984–1986: Ahmed Ould Minnih
1986–1988: Mohamed Lemine Ould N'Diayane
1988–1989: Mohamed Sidina Ould Sidiya
1989–1990: Cheikh Sid'Ahmed Ould Baba
1990–1992: Hasni Ould Didi
1992............ Ismael Ould Yahi
1992–1993: Mohamed Abderrahmane Ould Moine
1993–1996: Mohamed Salem Ould Lekhal
1996–1997: Lemrabott Sidi Mahmoud Ould Cheikh Ahmed
1997............ Ahmed Sidi Ould Khalifa
1997............ Abdallahi Ould Nem
1997............ Sow Abou Demba
1997–1998: Mohamed El Hacen Ould Lebatt
1998............ Cheikh El Avia Ould Mohamed Khouna
1998–2001: Ahmed Ould Sid'Ahmed
2001–2002: Dah Ould Abdi
2002–2003: Mohamed Ould Tolba
2003–2005: Mohamed Vall Ould Bellal
2005–2007: Ahmed Ould Sid'Ahmed
2007–2008: Mohamed Saleck Ould Mohamed Lemine
2008............ Cheikh El Avia Ould Mohamed Khouna
2008............ Abdallahi Hassen Ben Hmeida
2008–2009: Mohamed Mahmoud Ould Mohamedou
2009–2011: Naha Mint Mouknass
2011–2013: Hamadi Ould Baba Ould Hamadi
2013–2015: Ahmed Ould Teguedi
2015............ Vatma Vall Mint Soueina
2015–2016: Hamadi Ould Meimou
2016–2018: Isselkou Ould Ahmed Izid Bih
2018–present: Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed
References
Mauritania
Foreign relations of Mauritania
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Mauritania, Foreign Affairs
Cynodonteae is a large tribe of grasses in the subfamily Chloridoideae, with over 800 species.
Like most of the subfamily, species in the tribe are adapted to warm, arid climates and use the C4 photosynthetic pathway, with the exception of Eleusine indica. Some species, such as Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon) or goosegrass (Eleusine indica), are widespread weeds, introduced in many countries.
Most of the 94 genera are classified in one of 21 subtribes, but some are still unplaced (incertae sedis) within the tribe.
References
Chloridoideae
Poaceae tribes
Antonio Maria De Luca (born 1 July 1956) is an Italian Catholic bishop and a member of the Redemptionist order. He currently serves as the Bishop of Teggiano-Policastro.
Biography
Antonio Maria De Luca was born on 1 July 1956 in the comune of Torre del Greco in Campania, Italy.
Priestly ministry
After profession his vows in the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer on 29 September 1973, De Luca took theology and philosophy courses with the Salesians of Castellammare di Stabia, then obtained a licentiate in moral theology from the San Luigi Papal Theological Seminary of Southern Italy. He was ordained a priest on 5 July 1981 at the Redemptorist church of Colle Sant'Angelo in Torre del Greco and held numerous positions in the Redemptorist order, working for the propagation of the mission abroad (in Madagascar and Argentina).
He then was the director of the Redemptorist missionary school from 1981 to 1990 and was a parish assistant at the Church of SS. Crocifisso in Torre del Greco. From 1990 to 1999, De Luca served as prefect of the students of philosophy and theology at Colle Sant'Angelo. From 1993 to 1999, he was the superior of the community of Redemptorist students and provincial secretary for formation.
De Luca served as dean of the twelfth deanery of the Archdiocese of Naples and was director and professor of moral theology at the training school for pastoral workers from 1998 to 2003. From 1999 to 2008, he was the provincial superior for the province of Naples and in 2001 became the president of the Italian Conference for Major Superiors. In 2007, he became the episcopal pro-vicar for consecrated life in the Archdiocese of Naples. He was also a member of the college of consultors and the presbyteral council for the Archdiocese of Naples.
Episcopal ministry
On 26 November 2011, Pope Benedict XVI appointed him Bishop of Teggiano-Policastro, succeeding Bishop Angelo Spinillo. He was consecrated a bishop on 7 January 2012 in the Naples Cathedral by Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe and co-consecrators Archbishop Joseph William Tobin and Bishop Angelo Spinillo. As bishop, he took the Latin motto "dum omni modo Christus adnuntietur." De Luca took possession of the diocese on 4 February 2012.
References
External links
Diocese of Teggiano-Policastro
Profile on diocese's website
Profile on Catholic-Hierarchy.org
21st-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
1956 births
People from Torre del Greco
Bishops appointed by Pope Benedict XVI
Living people
Bishops in Campania
Redemptorist bishops
Gdola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Ruda-Huta, north-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Emperor Jing may refer to:
Emperor Jing of Han (188-141 BC)
Emperor Jing of Jin (208-255)
Emperor Jing of Wu (235-264)
Emperor Jing of Liang (543-558)
Emperor Jing of Northern Zhou (573-581)
Emperor Jing of Western Liang ()
th:จักรพรรดิจิง
Without Kuryokhin is a 1999 album by American jazz multi-instrumentalist Kenny Millions and Japanese experimental musician Otomo Yoshihide. It was dedicated to Russian jazz and experimental musician Sergey Kuryokhin. It was recorded live during a Russian mini-tour in 1996 and performed two concerts, one at Moscow, and one at Saint Petersburg.
Track listing
All tracks written by Kenny Millions and Otomo Yoshihide.
"Live & Remix 1" - 9:04
"Live 1" - 3:31
"Live & Remix 2" - 0:53
"Live & Remix 3" - 6:03
"Live & Remix 4" - 3:57
"Live 2" - 21:59
"Live & Remix 5" - 3:59
Personnel
Kenny Millions - saxophone, clarinet, miniature guitar, vocals
Otomo Yoshihide - turntables, electronics, samplers
External links
History of the album — in Russian.
1999 live albums
Noise music albums by American artists
Anna Maria Ahlstrand (born 24 August 1980) is a Swedish football midfielder, who played for Göteborg FC in Sweden's Damallsvenskan.
Career
285 matches for Göteborg
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Swedish women's footballers
BK Häcken FF players
Damallsvenskan players
Women's association football defenders
The Agency for Nuclear Projects (Nuclear Waste Project Office) is a part of the Nevada state government, under the administration of the Governor of Nevada. The organization is based in Carson City.
The Nevada Legislature created the Commission in 1982 to assure that the health, safety, and welfare of Nevada's citizens and the State's unique environment and economy are adequately protected from any federal high-level nuclear waste repository and related activities in the state. Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 The seven-member Commission advises the Governor and Legislature on nuclear waste matters and oversees activities of the Agency for Nuclear Projects (Agency). The Agency oversees the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) proposed Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository project, Federal high-level radioactive waste management program, and related Federal programs. The Agency remains prepared to act to support Nevada's interests as they relate to high-level radioactive waste management. Yucca Mountain
References
State Agencies and Departments
External links
Nevada Agency for Nuclear Projects
Nuclear Projects
Government agencies established in 1985
1985 establishments in Nevada
Nuclear energy
The Church of the Friars Preachers of St Laurence, Stirling, commonly called Blackfriars, was a mendicant friary of the Dominican Order founded in the 13th century at Stirling, Scotland.
History
The Chronica Extracta and John Spottiswoode alleged that the Stirling Dominican house was founded by King Alexander II of Scotland (d. 1249). Spottiswoode was particularly specific, giving a foundation date of 1233. These dates are possible, but unconfirmed by contemporary evidence.
The Stirling Dominican friary lasted over three centuries. Robert Lindsay of Pitscottie claimed that it was destroyed by Protestants in June 1559, a claim partially confirmed in a document of 12 September 1559, which speaks of the ejection of the prior and the destruction of the house earlier in the year. The possessions of the friary went into the hands of Alexander Erskine of Cangnoir, though on 15 April 1567, Mary, Queen of Scots, granted the revenues of all religious houses in the burgh of Stirling to the burgh authorities. Erskine however appears to have retained possession of this friary's revenues, while it is clear that the burgh of Stirling did not gain possession until 1652.
Burials
Donnchadh, Earl of Lennox
Murdoch Stewart, Duke of Albany
See also
List of monastic houses in Scotland
References
Cowan, Ian B. & Easson, David E., Medieval Religious Houses: Scotland With an Appendix on the Houses in the Isle of Man, Second Edition, (London, 1976)
External links
Ronald Page & Catherine Page, Blackfriars of Stirling, Proc Soc Antiq Scot, 126 (1996), 881-898
1233 establishments in Scotland
1559 disestablishments in Scotland
Churches in Stirling (council area)
Dominican houses in Scotland
History of Stirling (council area)
Former Christian monasteries in Scotland
Buildings and structures in Stirling (city)
Andrew John Lines (born 1960) is a British Anglican bishop. Since June 2017, he has been the Missionary Bishop to Europe of the Anglican Church in North America (ACNA), a province outside the Anglican Communion. Since 2000, he has been Mission Director and CEO of Crosslinks. He is also the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Anglican Mission in England (AMiE), the missionary arm of GAFCON in England. In June 2017, it was announced that he would be made a bishop for ACNA and GAFCON; he was consecrated on 30 June 2017.
Early life and education
Lines was born in 1960. He studied at University College, Durham, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in 1982. He trained for ordained ministry at the Nations Christian College in Ware, Hertfordshire.
Military service
Lines was sponsored through university by the British Army: he held an undergraduate cadetship from 1979 to 1982. On 31 August 1979, he was made a second lieutenant (on probation) (undergraduate cadetship). On 19 July 1982, he was made a second lieutenant (on probation). He then underwent officer training at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.
In May 1983, having completed his training, Lines' commission in the Royal Tank Regiment was confirmed. His rank and seniority were then adjusted: he was confirmed as a second lieutenant (backdated to 19 July 1982) and granted seniority in that rank from 1 August 1978; he was promoted to lieutenant (backdated to 19 July 1982) with seniority from 1 August 1980. He served in the 2nd Royal Tank Regiment, and was based in London. He was promoted to captain on 1 February 1985. He resigned his commission on 19 September 1988, thereby leaving the British Army.
Ordained ministry
Lines was ordained for the South American Mission Society (SAMS) as a deacon in 1997 and as a priest in 1998. From 1991 to 1999, he was a missionary in Paraguay. He was made an honorary canon of the Diocese of Paraguay in 2000.
In October 2000, Lines was appointed General Secretary of Crosslinks and he returned to England. His title was later changed to Mission Director and Chief Executive Officer (CEO). From 2001, he also held permission to officiate in the Diocese of Southwark of the Church of England. In addition, he is Chairman of the Anglican Mission in England, the missionary arm of GAFCON in England, and Chairman of the GAFCON UK Task Force.
On 5 June 2017, Lines was received into the Diocese of the South of the Anglican Church in North America (ACNA), an Anglican realignment ecclesiastical province that is outside of the Anglican Communion.
Episcopal ministry
On 8 June 2017, it was announced that Lines had been chosen as the Missionary Bishop to Europe of the Anglican Church in North America (ACNA). On 26 June 2017, he was officially elected a "Bishop for Special Mission" by the College of Bishops of ACNA. He was consecrated a bishop on 30 June 2017; the principal consecrator was Foley Beach, Archbishop of the ACNA, and he was assisted by GAFCON-linked bishops of the Anglican Communion. As Missionary Bishop, he provides oversight to those Anglican churches in Europe that exist outside of current Anglican structures (such as the Church of England, Scottish Episcopal Church and the Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe). One priest of the Scottish Episcopal Church stated that his consecration "offers new life for bereft orthodox Anglicans in Scotland".
On 24 November 2017 the congregation of Christ Church, Harris, a Scottish Episcopal church in the Western Isles, announced that they could no longer remain under the oversight of their local bishop, Kevin Pearson, Bishop of Argyll and the Isles, owing to his support of the SEC's approval of same-sex marriage. They would instead be receiving the episcopal ministry of Andy Lines.
Controversy
The creation of a missionary bishop by GAFCON and the ACNA has been regarded as controversial. In a June 2017 pastoral letter Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury and head of the Anglican Communion, stated the following:
Lines' consecration was welcomed by two bishops of the Church of England: Julian Henderson, the Bishop of Blackburn, and Keith Sinclair, the Bishop of Birkenhead.
Views
Line holds a complementarian position on women's ministry and leadership. He has spoken out against homosexuality. On 3 September 2016, he described the appointment of Nicholas Chamberlain as Bishop of Grantham as "divisive" and stated that "Christian leaders are to be above reproach"; Chamberlain had revealed that he was in a celibate homosexual relationship on 2 September 2016, almost a year after his consecration.
Personal life
Lines is married to Mandy. Together they have three children: a son and two daughters.
See also
List of conservative evangelical Anglican churches in England
References
1960 births
Living people
20th-century English Anglican priests
Bishops of the Anglican Church in North America
Evangelical Anglican bishops
Alumni of University College, Durham
Royal Tank Regiment officers
Complementarianism
Anglican missionaries in Paraguay
The Battle of Galveston Harbor was fought at Galveston, Texas on October 4, 1862, during the American Civil War. After attempts to blockade the Texas coastline were unsuccessful, the Union Navy decided to attempt to capture the port of Galveston. While Galveston was defended by Confederate forces, most of the cannons in the city's defenses were removed, as Galveston was thought to be indefensible. On October 4, five Union naval vessels commanded by Commander William B. Renshaw approached Galveston, and a single ship, USRC Harriet Lane was sent into Galveston Bay under a flag of truce.
The Confederates, commanded by Colonel Joseph J. Cook, could not get a boat to Harriet Lane in a timely manner, and the Union ship left the bay. The Confederate boat headed for the Union fleet, which moved towards the bay under flags of truce to meet it. Misunderstandings led to artillery fire, although a four-day truce was eventually made. The terms of the truce were unclear, and the Confederates used the truce to evacuate the city, which was initially objected to by Renshaw. At the expiration of the truce, Union troops landed in Galveston and raised the United States flag over the city. The Confederates recaptured Galveston on January 1, 1863, in the Battle of Galveston. The battlefield has lost historical integrity due to development and changes in the shoreline.
Background
When the American Civil War began in April 1861, President of the United States Abraham Lincoln declared a naval blockade of the coastline and ports of the Confederate States of America, with the goal of cutting the Confederates off from foreign trade. At the time, the most significant port on the Texas portion of the Confederate coastline was Galveston. After the blockade order was issued, Union Navy ships were sent to the Texas coast, but the blockade was not immediately effective. Under international law of the time, a blockade needed to be effective in order to be legal, and in December, HMS Desperate visited Galveston and saw no US Navy presence. William McKean, commander of the Gulf Blockading Squadron, doubted the accuracy of the British report but forwarded the information to the United States Secretary of the Navy. Because of the shape of Galveston Bay, blockading the port would require at least two ships.
Under the supervision of Major General John B. Magruder, Confederate forces under W. W. Hunter had been placing artillery batteries, digging trenches, and obstructed harbor channels to ready the defense of Galveston. The defenses were not particularly imposing, though, and Confederate officer Xavier Debray wrote in a letter than the city was not defensible. The Union blockade still struggled with ineffectiveness, and the decision was made to capture some Confederate ports in order provide more bases for Union ships and fewer for blockade runners. On May 17, 1862, the captain of the USS Santee sailed to Galveston, and demanded the surrender of the town, threatening to begin bombarding the place on May 23; the threatened attack did not occur. In August, Union Admiral David Glasgow Farragut ordered Commander William B. Renshaw to destroy blockade runners and capture Galveston if practicable.
Galveston Island itself was defended by a single artillery regiment, under the command of Colonel Joseph J. Cook. The island was connected to the mainland by a bridge, which had a terminus on the mainland at a place known as Virginia Point. Union intelligence believed that Virginia Point was strongly defended, but it was not. Confederate defenses at Fort Point, which commanded the northern entrance to Galveston Bay, were also weak. Confederate naval forces near Galveston were negligible. Additional Confederate troops were in the Houston area and along the rail line between Houston and Galveston, bringing the total number of Confederate troops in the region to about 5,000. Many of the cannons in the city's defenses had been removed, as Confederate Brigadier General Paul Octave Hébert believed the city was indefensible.
Battle
Renshaw moved towards Galveston with five ships and approached the city by early October. The five Union ships were USS Westfield (the expedition's flagship), USRC Harriet Lane, USS Owasco, USS Clifton, and the mortar schooner USS Henry Janes. Westfield and Clifton were sidewheel steamers converted from ferry boats, Harriet Lane was also a sidewheel steamer, and Owasco was a screw steamer serving as a gunboat. Harriet Lane was sent into Galveston Bay early on October 4, with a flag of truce. After waiting in vain for Confederate messengers to reach the ship and reply, a boat of officers from Harriet Lane was sent to shore, where they met with Cook, who agreed to send a delegation to the Union fleet to discuss surrender terms. Cook's men had difficult finding a boat, and were delayed until 13:00. By then, Lieutenant Commander Jonathan Mayhew Wainwright, commanding Harriet Lane, had become impatient and left Galveston Bay.
The approaching Confederate boat was visible to Renshaw's fleet outside of the bay, and the Union vessels began to move into the bay, visibly flying flags of truce. A Confederate cannon on Fort Point fired a warning shot across the bow of one of the Union vessels, which was interpreted by the Union fleet as a hostile action. Union return fire quickly knocked the single Confederate cannon at Fort Point out of action, while Confederate artillery at Galveston fired on the Union vessels, despite the range being too far to be effective.
The Union ships were still flying truce flags while firing, and Renshaw realized that continue to fire would be against the laws of war, so he ordered the ships to cease fire. Both Renshaw and Cook believed that the other side's shots had represented deliberate hostile actions. Cook's messengers reached and boarded Westfield, and Renshaw demanded immediate surrender, and threatened a further attack if it was not agreed to. The Confederates declined and reminded that Renshaw would be responsible for any damage to private property or civilian fatalities in the case of an attack.
The two sides formed a verbal agreement for a four-day truce. The terms were that the Union vessels would not get any closer to Galveston, and that the Confederates would not work on new or existing fortifications. The verbal truce was interpreted differently: Renshaw thought that it guaranteed the military status quo would remain, while Cook thought he had the option of evacuating Galveston. As a result, the Confederates used the truce to evacuate supplies and cannons from the city. Renshaw thought that the Confederates were purposefully violating the terms of the truce, but after contacting Cook and hearing his explanation, accepted the removal of the material; it was of low value and Renshaw believed he could not prevent the Confederates from removing the cannons anyway.
After the truce ended, Renshaw ordered three signal shots fired, and the mayor and city council of Galveston traveled to Westfield and surrendered the city. A detachment of 150 men lead by the commander of Harriet Lane raised the United States flag over the city, as there were no longer any Confederate defenders there. The only cannon the Confederates had left behind was the one disabled during the October 4 bombardment; several fake cannons known as Quaker guns were left in the abandoned defenses. The National Park Service states that there were no casualties incurred during the action, while the Civil War Battlefield Guide states that casualties are unknown.
Aftermath
Shortly after Galveston fell, the Union Navy was able to gain control of the waters outside of Corpus Christi and Sabine City, leading to Union control of most of the Texas coastline. Lack of cooperation from Major General Benjamin F. Butler resulted in difficulties in getting Union infantry to hold Galveston. Two minor incidents in November also resulted in the capture of small detachments from Henry Janes and Owasco. An infantry garrison finally arrived on December 25 in the form of 264 men from the 42nd Massachusetts Infantry Regiment. On January 1, 1863, a Confederate force under Magruder attacked Galveston and defeated the Union forces defending it in the Battle of Galveston. Renshaw was killed by an explosion while scuttling Westfield, and Harriet Lane was captured; the Confederates regained control of Galveston. A 2010 study by the American Battlefield Protection Program noted that development from Galveston and changes to shorelines mean that the current landscape does not resemble the landscape present during the war, and that the site does not retain historical integrity.
Notes
References
Sources
1862 in Texas
Battles and conflicts without fatalities
Galveston I
1862 in the American Civil War
History of Galveston, Texas
Galveston I
Galveston I
Galveston I
Galveston I
October 1862 events
KTSP may refer to:
KTSP, the ICAO code for Tehachapi Municipal Airport, Kern County, California
Kai Tak Sports Park, an upcoming multi-purpose sports venue in Kai Tak, Hong Kong
Kennedy Town Swimming Pool, a swimming pool in Kennedy Town, Hong Kong
Marshall County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. Census 2020 recorded the population at 46,095. The county seat (and only city) is Plymouth.
History
The Indiana State Legislature passed an omnibus county bill on 7 February 1835 that authorized the creation of thirteen counties in northeast Indiana, including Marshall. It was named for U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall, who died in 1835. The government of the county was organized in 1836, during the early years of settlement and before the forced removal of the Potawatomi people in 1838. The first settlers had arrived in the county in 1835; they arrived as a result of the end of the Black Hawk War as well as the completion of the Erie Canal. They consisted primarily of settlers from New England, "Yankees" descended from the English Puritans who settled New England in the colonial era. They were mainly members of the Congregational Church, although due to the Second Great Awakening many of them had converted to Methodism and some had become Baptists before migrating to the new area. As a result of this heritage, some place names in Marshall County are named after places in New England, such as Plymouth, which is named after Plymouth, Massachusetts, the site where the Mayflower landed in 1620.
Geography
The low, rolling hills of Marshall County are completely devoted to agriculture where possible (significant drainages are wooded). The highest points on the terrain are three approximately equal swells (900'/274 meters ASL) along the south borderline with Fulton County, 1.4 mile (2.2 km) NW of Richland Center.
Marshall County contains three significant bodies of water: Lake of the Woods (NE portion); Lake Maxinkuckee (SW portion); and part of Koontz Lake (NW portion). The Yellow River flows through northern, central, and western portions of Marshall County, past Plymouth; the Tippecanoe River flows southwesterly through the SE part of the county.
According to the 2010 census, Marshall County has a total area of , of which (or 98.64%) is land and (or 1.36%) is water.
Adjacent counties
St. Joseph County - north
Elkhart County - northeast
Kosciusko County - east
Fulton County - south
Pulaski County - southwest
Starke County - west/CST Border
Protected areas
Menominee Wetland Conservation Area (W of Plymouth)
Potawatomi Wildlife Park (on W bank of Tippecanoe River in SE county)
Major highways
Communities
City and towns
Argos
Bourbon
Bremen
Culver
Lapaz
Plymouth (city)
Census-designated place
Koontz Lake (partial)
Unincorporated communities
Burr Oak
Donaldson
Harris
Hibbard
Inwood (called "Pearson" 1854–1856)
Maxinkuckee
Old Tip Town
Teegarden
Tippecanoe
Tyner
Walnut
Townships
Bourbon
Center
German
Green
North
Polk
Tippecanoe
Union
Walnut
West
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Plymouth have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide, to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the functions of the county government.
Current commissioners:
Stan Klotz, Mike Burroughs, Kevin Overmyer (as of July 2020)
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. Officials are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Marshall County is part of Indiana's 2nd congressional district and is currently represented by Jackie Walorski in the United States Congress. It is also part of Indiana Senate districts 5 and 9 and Indiana House of Representatives districts 17 and 23.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 47,051 people, 17,406 households, and 12,516 families in the county. The population density was . There were 19,845 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.5% white, 0.5% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 3.8% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 8.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 35.4% were German, 11.2% were Irish, 9.4% were American, and 8.5% were English.
Of the 17,406 households, 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were married couples living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.1% were non-families, and 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.15. The median age was 38.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $58,017. Males had a median income of $43,732 versus $30,033 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,493. About 8.7% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.1% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marshall County, Indiana
References
1836 establishments in Indiana
Sundown towns in Indiana
Chelcie Claude Ross (born June 20, 1942) is an American character actor, most known for Above the Law, Major League, Basic Instinct, Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey, Hoosiers, Rudy, Trouble with the Curve and The Ballad of Buster Scruggs.
He served in Vietnam as an officer in the United States Air Force where he had been awarded a Bronze Star, and earned an MFA from the Dallas Theater Center. He left the Air Force in 1970.
Filmography
Film
Television
Other media
In 2007, Ross appeared, along with Sean Astin and Charles S. Dutton, in an episode of My Name Is Earl that was a homage to the film Rudy. He played an appliance store manager whose relationship to Earl mirrors that of his relationship to Rudy.
In 2008, he played Beverly Weston in the National Theatre production of August: Osage County.
He also played a fictionalized Conrad Hilton in the award-winning series Mad Men.
In 2012 he appeared in Boss as the chief of the Chicago Police Department.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
American male film actors
United States Air Force personnel of the Vietnam War
American male television actors
Male actors from Oklahoma City
United States Air Force officers
Daniel Fickle (born July 27, 1980, in Atlanta, Georgia) is a film director, photographer, cinematographer, music composer, and the founder of Two Penguins Productions.
Early
Fickle grew up in and around the Decatur/Atlanta areas of Georgia, displaying and early interest in photography and music amidst the burgeoning 1990s Atlanta hardcore and hip hop scenes. By 2001 he was living in New York City, attending the New York Film Academy, where he first became a teacher's assistant and eventually an instructor, all while working freelance across the city as either an assistant camera, director of photography or music composer for film projects. After film school, Daniel took his skillset across the country to California, where he started Two Penguins Productions.
Film and video
Fickle's directorial debut was a music video for Weinland's, I'm Sure it Helps. He then directed another music video, the Portland Cello Project's Denmark which was televised in France and featured on Vimeo, Motionographer, and Daily Motion. "Denmark" was officially selected in numerous film festivals, such as SXSW, receiving best film festival wins. In March 2011, the Foo Fighters chose Daniel for their "This Video Sucks" promotional campaign to direct a video for I Should Have Known, a single from their album Wasting Light. The video premiered on the Fuse TV network for a Wasting Light promo special hosted by Dave Grohl. GQ Rules, a men's fashion tip series directed by Daniel Fickle, was nominated as an Official Honoree for Best Web Personality/Host (hosts: Michael Hainey and Jim Moore of GQ) for the 2012 16th Annual Webby Awards. In 2012 Daniel directed Alialujah Choir's narrative music video A House, A Home. The film went on to win eighteen accolades including Best Short Film at the United Kingdom Film Festival and New Jersey Film Festival.
Music
Prior to film making Daniel focused on music, particularly song-writing. His affinity for the latter placed him in prominent groups including the Atlanta-based band, Portrait and the New York City based band, the Station Myth. In 2015, the Station Myth regrouped under a new name, DANIELS, featuring all four original members for the first time in almost a decade. The name change was a fresh start for the band, and a nod to the fact that all four members of the band just happened to be named Daniel by birth, a wholly unintentional factor when grouping but one they always found spectacular. The resulting May 2015 studio album End Then Repeat is a brooding foray into electronic and shoegaze territory, carried by the hypnotic vocals of singer Daniel Ryan, who works in hypnosis therapy by trade, specializing in past life regression. In addition to playing in bands, Fickle has composed music for award-winning films and commercials. Daniel plays several instruments including guitar, bass, piano, drums, mandolin and ukulele.
Two Penguins Productions
In 2007, Daniel Fickle founded Two Penguins Productions. Two Penguins is headquartered in Portland, Oregon. Some of their clients have included GQ, The New York Times, J.Crew, Keen Footwear, Nike, BlackBook, Gilt Groupe, Microsoft, Stoli vodka and Time magazine. The multi-media production company produces music videos, commercials (both web and broadcast), narrative films and documentaries.
Nordstrom
In 2016, Fickle became the new senior video art director for Nordstrom at their Seattle headquarters.
Filmography
Music videos
A House a Home - Alialujah Choir (2012)
I Should Have Known – Foo Fighters (2011)
Hardliners – Holcombe Waller (2011)
Denmark – Portland Cello Project (2010)
I'm Sure it Helps – Weinland (2009)
Commercial/web
GQ - GQ Rules series - 2010-2012
Banana Republic - Escape in Linen
Gilt Groupe - Gilt Mother's Day
Widmer Brothers Brewery – Musical Brrr
Widmer Brothers Brewery – Prost
Widmer Brothers Brewery – Office Party
Short films
A Night at the Cleaners - animated short
Catching Up with Pily - addendum short to Denmark
GQ Gentleman's Fund - PSA
Music composer
This Revolution
A Lawyer Walks into a Bar
Miracle Ball
The Battle of Local 5668
Jacob (short film)
Awards
2012 Webby Awards Official Honoree for GQ Rules. Best Personality/Host for Michael Hainey and Jim Moore. "GQ Rules"
2011 Gold Medal for Excellence for Music in a Short Film. Denmark.
2010 Best Music Video. Denmark.
2010 Royal Reel Award. Denmark.
2010 Best Documentary. Miracle Ball. Scored by Daniel Fickle.
2007 Best Narrative Feature. A Lawyer Walks into a Bar. Scored by Daniel Fickle.
References
External links
Two Penguins Productions
1980 births
Advertising directors
American film directors
American music video directors
Living people
Artists from Atlanta
National Highway 6 or National Road No.6 (10006) is one of the national highways of Cambodia. It is long (including 6A), it connects the capital of Phnom Penh with Banteay Meanchey through Siem Reap on the north shore of the Tonlé Sap. It terminates merging into the National Highway 5.
National Highway 6A
From Phnom Penh to the town of Skuon (), where it connects with National Highway 7, the highway has been upgraded to dual carriageway and it bears the name of National Highway 6A.
References
Roads in Cambodia
Khosravan-e Olya (, also Romanized as Khosravān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Khosravān-e Bālā) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77, in 32 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Bogumił Zygmunt Gacka (born 1955) is a Catholic priest, member of the Marian Fathers and the Professor of Christian Personalism at the Cardinal Stefan Wyszyński University in Warsaw, Poland.
Biography
Bogumil Gacka received the Doctorate in Systematic Theology from the John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin, Poland, in 1987. The promoter of his doctoral thesis was Professor Czeslaw S. Bartnik.
He was the Vice-rector of the major seminary of the Congregation of the Immaculate Conception of Our Lady (Marian Fathers). His Christian formation of faith is related to the Neocatechumenal Way, he has been walking since 1976.
Publications
Bibliography of American Personalism, Lublin 1994.
American Personalism, Lublin 1995.
Personalism Biannual Journal (editor) - 2001–2006, ISSN 1643-0468.
References
Living people
Polish Roman Catholic theologians
1955 births
Men's Downhill World Cup 1987/1988
Final point standings
In Men's Downhill World Cup 1987/88 all results count.
References
fis-ski.com
External links
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup men's downhill discipline titles
E52 may refer to:
BMW E52, an automobile platform was the basis for the 2000 through 2004 Z8 convertible sports car
HMS E52, a 1915 British E class submarine
Nokia E52, a smartphone from the Nokia Eseries range
Shin-Tōmei Expressway (Shimizu Spur road) and Chūbu-Ōdan Expressway (includes concurrency section with Chūō Expressway), route E52 in Japan
Dobbins (formerly, Dobbin, Dobbins Ranche, Dobbins Ranch, and Dobbin's Ranche) is a census-designated place in Yuba County, California.
Geography
It lies northeast of Marysville, at an elevation of 1742 feet, in the foothills of the western Sierra Nevada Mountain Range off of Highway 20 and Marysville Road. Dobbins is north of Oregon House and south of Bullards Bar Dam. Dobbins has one post office, one general store, three churches, a Grange Hall, one grade school, one charter school, and Lake Francis Resort.
The average snowfall is 3.5 inches, higher than most of California. February has the highest average snowfall with 1.5 inches, followed by January and March with 1 inch average snowfall each.
Most students attend high school in Marysville, or in the Sierra County school district.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 7.8 square miles (20.3 km), 99.08% of it land and 0.92% of it water.
History
The town was settled in 1849, and named for William M. and Mark D. Dobbins, early settlers. Dobbins was not a mining town originally, but a farm area. There were stage station stops, for teamsters' and their wagons, at what was known as Scott Ranch (three miles below Dobbins- Marysville Rd). Dobbins served as a stage stop until the coming of the automobiles.
The first post office was established in 1851 under the name Dobbins Ranche, which was closed in 1854. The post office returned in 1887 and has operated continuously since then.
Climate
According to the Köppen climate classification system, Dobbins has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csa" on climate maps.
<div style="width:65%">
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Dobbins had a population of 624. The population density was . The racial makeup of Dobbins was 517 (82.9%) White, 5 (0.8%) African American, 52 (8.3%) Native American, 6 (1.0%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 9 (1.4%) from other races, and 35 (5.6%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 28 persons (4.5%).
The Census reported that 624 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 257 households, out of which 66 (25.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 107 (41.6%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 25 (9.7%) had a female householder with no husband present, 18 (7.0%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 14 (5.4%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 4 (1.6%) domestic partnerships. 78 households (30.4%) were made up of individuals, and 29 (11.3%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43. There were 150 families (58.4% of all households); the average family size was 3.08.
The population was spread out, with 132 people (21.2%) under the age of 18, 45 people (7.2%) aged 18 to 24, 107 people (17.1%) aged 25 to 44, 242 people (38.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 98 people (15.7%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.2 males.
There were 319 housing units at an average density of , of which 174 (67.7%) were owner-occupied, and 83 (32.3%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.6%; the rental vacancy rate was 16.0%. 438 people (70.2% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 186 people (29.8%) lived in rental housing units.
References
Census-designated places in Yuba County, California
Populated places established in 1849
1849 establishments in California
Census-designated places in California
Urs Widmer (21 May 1938 – 2 April 2014) was a Swiss novelist, playwright, an essayist, and a short story writer.
Biography
Widmer was born in Basel in 1938, and for many years lived in Zurich. Widmer studied German, French, and history at the universities of Basel and Montpellier. After completing his PhD, he worked briefly as an editor at Suhrkamp Verlag, but left the publishing house during the Lektoren-Aufstand ("Editors' Revolt") of 1968.
In 2014, Roman Bucheli, Literary Editor of the Neue Zürcher Zeitung, said that Widmer:
"is without doubt one of the most significant and versatile talents currently at work in the field of contemporary German-language literature as well as one of the most successful. His sales are invariably in the high five-figure bracket"
Works in English translation
My mother's lover ("Der Geliebte meiner Mutter"). Tr. Donal McLaughlin, London, Seagull Books [2011], .
My father's book ("Das Buch des Vaters"). Tr. Donal McLaughlin, London, Seagull Books [2011], .
On life, death, and this and that of the rest. The Frankfurt lectures on poetics ("Vom Leben, vom Tod und vom Übrigen auch dies und das"). Tr. Donal McLaughlin, London, Seagull Books [2013], .
The blue soda siphon ("Der blaue Siphon"). Tr. Donal McLaughlin, London, Seagull Books [2014], .
In the Congo ("Im Kongo"). Tr. Donal McLaughlin, London, Seagull Books [2015], .
Mr Adamson ("Herr Adamson"). Tr. Donal McLaughlin, London, Seagull Books [2015], .
Awards and honors
1977 Hörspielpreis der Kriegsblinden, Fernsehabend
1992 Preis der SWR-Bestenliste
1997 Mülheimer Dramatikerpreis, Top Dogs
1998 Heimito von Doderer Prize
2001 Bertolt Brecht Literature Prize
2002 Großer Literaturpreis der Bayerischen Akademie der Schönen Künste
2013 Friedrich Hölderlin Prize
References
1938 births
2014 deaths
Swiss writers
Two Women Bathing was a 1763 painting by Joseph-Marie Vien. A copy of it is now in the Musée de Cahors Henri-Martin in Cahors. The original was commissioned by Louis Philippe I, Duke of Orleans and first exhibited at the 1763 Salon.
Sources
Catalogue du musée de Cahors, La commission d'organisation du musée, 1883, p. 9-12, Lagrenée- Femme au bain.
1763 paintings
Paintings by Joseph-Marie Vien
Bathing in art
WNYC (820 AM) is a nonprofit, non-commercial, public radio station licensed to New York City. The station is owned by New York Public Radio along with sister stations WNYC-FM and Newark, New Jersey-licensed classical music outlet WQXR-FM (105.9 MHz). It is a member of NPR and carries local and national news/talk programs. Some programming is simulcast on WNYC-FM and at other times different programming airs on each station. WNYC broadcasts from studios and offices located in the Hudson Square neighborhood in lower Manhattan, and its transmitter is located in Kearny, New Jersey.
History
Early years (1924–1937)
WNYC is one of the oldest radio stations in New York. Funds for the establishment of the station were approved on June 2, 1922 by the New York City Board of Estimate and Apportionment. WNYC made its first official broadcast two years later on July 8, 1924, at 570 AM from the Manhattan Municipal Building using a second-hand transmitter shipped from Brazil. With the commencement of WNYC's operations, the City of New York became one of the first American municipalities to be directly involved in broadcasting.
In 1928 WNYC was forced into a time-sharing arrangement on 570 with WMCA, another pioneering New York radio outlet. This situation lasted until 1931, when the Federal Radio Commission (a forerunner to today's FCC) moved WNYC to 810 AM. The frequency move did not help WNYC from an operational standpoint as it now had to share its frequency with the more-powerful WCCO in Minneapolis, limiting WNYC to daytime-only operations, broadcasting from sunrise to sunset. (AM radio waves travel farther at night and WNYC had to protect WCCO from interference.)
Great Depression and World War II
WNYC's transmitter was moved in 1937 from the Municipal Building to city-owned land at 10 Kent Street in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, as part of a Works Progress Administration project. In 1938 the Municipal Broadcasting System was established by the City of New York to run the station. For its first 14 years, WNYC had been run by the New York City Commissioner for Bridges, Plant and Structures. Now, under an agency devoted singularly to its function and with the leadership of new director Morris S. Novik, appointed by Mayor LaGuardia, WNYC became a model public broadcaster. Among its many landmark programs was the annual American Music Festival.
In 1941 the North American Regional Broadcasting Agreement shifted WNYC's frequency a second time, to 830. WCCO was moved to 830 as well, and was given clear-channel authority. WNYC would remain a 1,000-watt outlet for the next 48 years. Later that year, on December 7, WNYC was the first radio station in the United States to announce the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Beginning during World War II, the FCC allowed WNYC to stay on the air a few extra hours in the evening due to the public service it was providing.
The Municipal Broadcasting System (which was renamed the WNYC Communications Group in 1989) helped to form National Public Radio in 1971 and the WNYC stations were among the 90 stations that carried the inaugural broadcast of All Things Considered later that year.
In 1990, as a result of continued interference with WCCO (and a court ruling in WCCO's favor rescinding the WWII-era approval for nighttime operation by WNYC), WNYC moved from 830 kHz to 820 kHz, commenced around-the-clock operations and increased its daytime power to 10,000 watts, while maintaining 1,000 watts at night, to protect WBAP in Fort Worth, Texas; WBAP is also a clear-channel 50,000-watt station but is farther from New York City than Minneapolis. The AM transmitter was moved to Belleville Turnpike in Kearny, New Jersey, sharing three towers with WMCA its former shared-time partner. The Brooklyn transmitter site was decommissioned and is now WNYC Transmitter Park.
The station's ownership by the City meant that it was occasionally subject to the whims of various mayors. As part of a crackdown on prostitution in 1979, then-Mayor Ed Koch tried to use the three WNYC radio and television stations to broadcast the names of "johns" arrested for soliciting. Announcers threatened a walkout over what was casually called the John Hour and station management refused to comply with the idea; after one forced broadcast with city employees reading off the names, it was discontinued.
Independence from the City
Move to new studios
Shortly after assuming the mayoralty in 1994, Rudolph W. Giuliani announced he was considering selling the WNYC stations. Giuliani believed that broadcasting was no longer essential as a municipal service, and that the financial compensation from selling the stations could be used to help the City cover budget shortfalls. The final decision was made in March 1995: while the City opted to divest WNYC-TV (now WPXN-TV) through a blind auction to commercial buyers, WNYC-AM-FM was sold to the WNYC Foundation for $20 million over a six-year period, far less than what the stations could have been sold for if they were placed on the open market. While the sale put an end to the occasional political intrusions of the past, it required the WNYC Foundation to embark on a major appeal towards listeners, other foundations, and private benefactors. The station's audience and budget have continued to grow since the split from the City.
The terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 destroyed WNYC-FM's transmitter at the World Trade Center. WNYC's studios, in the nearby Manhattan Municipal Building, had to be evacuated and station staff was unable to return to its offices for three weeks. The FM signal was knocked off the air for a time. WNYC temporarily moved to studios at National Public Radio's New York bureau in midtown Manhattan, where it broadcast on its still operating AM signal transmitting from towers in Kearny, New Jersey and by a live Internet stream. The stations eventually returned to the Municipal Building.
On June 16, 2008 WNYC moved from its of rent-free space scattered on eight floors of the Manhattan Municipal Building to a new location at 160 Varick Street, near the Holland Tunnel. The station now occupies three and a half floors of a 12-story former printing building.
The offices have ceilings and of space. The number of recording studios and booths doubled, to 31.. There is a 140-seat, street-level studio for live broadcasts, concerts and public forums and an expansion of the newsroom of over 60 journalists.
Renovation, construction, rent and operating costs for the Varick Street location amounted to $45 million. In addition to raising these funds, WNYC raised money for a one-time fund of $12.5 million to cover the cost of creating 40 more hours of new programming and three new shows. The total cost of $57.5 million for both the move and programming is nearly three times the $20 million the station had to raise over seven years to buy its licenses from the City in 1997.
Past personalities
Past WNYC radio personalities include H. V. Kaltenborn, who hosted radio's first quiz program on WNYC in 1926, the Brooklyn Daily Eagle'''s "Current Events Bee", a forerunner to shows like National Public Radio's Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! In its early years the station lacked funds for a record library and would borrow albums from record stores around the Manhattan Municipal Building, where its studios were located. Legend has it, a listener began lending classical records to the station and in 1929, WNYC began broadcast of Masterwork Hour, radio's first program of recorded classical music.
Following the U.S. entry into World War II, then-mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia made use of the station every Sunday in his Talk to the People program. During a lengthy newspaper workers strike, La Guardia also used the WNYC airwaves to read the latest comic strips to local youngsters while they were not available in New York.
Margaret Juntwait, an announcer and classical music host at WNYC for 15 years, left for the Metropolitan Opera in September 2006. Prior to her death in 2015, Juntwait served as announcer for the Met's Saturday afternoon radio broadcasts, the first woman to hold the position and only the third regular announcer of the long-standing broadcast series, which was launched in 1931. John Schaefer, a music show host at WNYC for 20 years, has written liner notes for more than 100 albums, for everyone from Yo-Yo Ma to Terry Riley and was named a "New York influential" by New York Magazine.
Programming
WNYC produces 100 hours a week of its own programming, including nationally syndicated shows such as Studio 360, On the Media, Selected Shorts and Radiolab, as well as local news and interview shows that include The Leonard Lopate Show, Soundcheck and The Brian Lehrer Show. The entire schedule is streamed live over the internet and several shows also air over Sirius and XM Satellite Radio. As a result, the station receives listener calls from far-flung states and even has international listeners.
WNYC-AM-FM has a local news team of 18 journalists, as well as dozens of producers and other broadcasting professionals.On the Media is a nationally syndicated, weekly one-hour program hosted by Brooke Gladstone and Bob Garfield, formerly of Advertising Age, covering the media and its effect on American culture and society. Many stories investigate how events of the past week were covered by the press. Stories also regularly cover such topics as video news releases, net neutrality, media consolidation, censorship, freedom of the press, spin, and how the media is changing with technology. It won a Peabody Award in 2004.The Brian Lehrer Show is a two-hour weekday talk show covering local and national current events and social issues hosted by Brian Lehrer, a former anchor and reporter for NBC Radio Network. It won a Peabody Award in 2007 "for facilitating reasoned conversation about critical issues and opening it up to everyone within earshot."
WNYC broadcasts the major daily news programs produced by NPR, including Morning Edition and All Things Considered, as well as the BBC World Service and selected programs from Public Radio Exchange including This American Life and A Prairie Home Companion''.
The PBS NewsHour is a syndicated news program anchored by Judy Woodruff that airs on more than 350 TV stations and many NPR affiliates. Interviews, documentary reports and national headlines are analyzed. Since its launch in 1975, at least 20 of its headlines have been Peabody Awards recipients, two have become finalists for the Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Reading, and 21 have received nominations for the News & Documentary Emmy Awards.
Listenership and new media
WNYC has been an early adopter of new technologies including HD radio, live audio streaming, and podcasting. RSS feeds and email newsletters link to archived audio of individual program segments. WNYC also makes some of its programming available on Sirius XM satellite radio.
See also
WNYC-FM (93.9), WNYC's sister station
WPXN-TV (channel 31, formerly WNYC-TV)
Media in New York City
References
External links
FCC History Cards for WNYC
New York Public radio website
Broadcast Schedule (New York Public Radio)
WNYC historical profile (1978) at NY Radio News
Porter Anderson announces Challenge Grant for WQXR's Q2 Music(2011) by Victoria Mixon
NPR member stations
Peabody Award winners
Radio stations established in 1924
NYC
NPR member networks
New York Public Radio
Hudson Square
1924 establishments in New York City
News and talk radio stations in the United States
The 2012 Bassetlaw District Council election took place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Bassetlaw District Council in Nottinghamshire, England as part of the 2012 United Kingdom local elections. One third of the council was up for election. After the election, the composition of the council was:
Labour 34
Conservative 11
Independents 3
Election result
Ward results
Beckingham
Carlton
Clayworth
East Retford East
East Retford North
East Retford South
East Retford West
Harworth
Sutton
Tuxford and Trent
Worksop East
Worksop North
Worksop North-East
Worksop North-West
Worksop South
Worksop South East
2012
2012 English local elections
2010s in Nottinghamshire
Sun Zhifeng (; born July 17, 1991 in Changchun) is a snowboarder who competes in Half-pipe. She has two World Cup victories and competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics. Sun competed for China at the 2010 Winter Olympics in women's Half-pipe.
References
Olympic snowboarders of China
Chinese female snowboarders
Snowboarders at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2014 Winter Olympics
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Changchun
Snowboarders at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Universiade medalists in snowboarding
Universiade silver medalists for China
Competitors at the 2013 Winter Universiade
KEDM (90.3 FM) is the listener-supported public radio station for Monroe, West Monroe, and all or parts of eleven parishes of northeast Louisiana and four counties in southeast Arkansas. It is owned by the University of Louisiana at Monroe.
The station broadcasts a lineup of in-depth NPR news; classical, roots and a variety of other musical genres; and special entertainment and other programs.
History
KEDM signed on April 23, 1991. It began broadcasting in HD Radio on its 18th birthday, April 23, 2009, becoming the first station to do so in the region; its HD2 subchannel was KEDM Ideas, a 24-hour news and information subchannel.
KEDM features a regional nighttime format called The Boot. It showcases Louisiana and local artists and highlights music from the delta.
References
External links
Radio stations in Louisiana
Mass media in Monroe, Louisiana
College radio stations in Louisiana
University of Louisiana at Monroe
NPR member stations
Radio stations established in 1991
1991 establishments in Louisiana
Philippe Panneton (or Joseph-Philippe Panneton, pseudonym Ringuet, which was his mother's maiden name; April 30, 1895 – December 28, 1960) was a Canadian physician, academic, diplomat and writer.
Born in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, he received a degree in medicine from Université Laval in 1920. In 1935 he became a professor at the Université de Montréal. In 1944 he was a founding member of L'Académie canadienne-française (now known as the Académie des lettres du Québec) and served as its president from 1947 until 1953. In 1956, he was named ambassador to Portugal, and died in Lisbon in 1960.
In 1959 he was awarded the Lorne Pierce Medal.
Selected works
Trente arpents (Paris, 1938), winner of the 1940 Governor General's Award for fiction
Thirty Acres, Oxford University Press, New Canadian Library (1940). Afterword by Antoine Sirois, translated by Felix and Dorothea Walter
Dreißig Morgen Land. Ein kanadischer Roman. Transl. Franziska Maria Tenberg. Benziger, Einsiedeln [1940] (German)
Extraction: Gott die Schuldigkeit erweisen, in: Gute Wanderschaft, mein Bruder. Transl. Carl Scharfenberger. St. Benno, Leipzig 1986 (German)
Un Monde était leur empire / Their Empire Was a World (1943)
L'Héritage et autres contes / The Legacy and Other Stories (1946)
"The Heritage", translated by Morna Scott Stoddart, in Robert Weaver, Canadian Short stories, Oxford University Press, p. 82—First published in the Tamarack Review (1960)
Fausse Monnaie / Counterfeit (1947)
Le Poids du Jour / The Burden of the Day (1949)
References
External links
1895 births
1960 deaths
Writers from Quebec
Canadian male novelists
People from Trois-Rivières
Governor General's Award-winning fiction writers
Université Laval alumni
20th-century Canadian novelists
Canadian novelists in French
20th-century Canadian male writers
Burials at Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery
Canadian expatriates in Portugal
Rhosydd () is a village in the community of Bodedern, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 136.6 miles (219.8 km) from Cardiff and 221.7 miles (356.8 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Reynaldo Fernandes Cisotto Gianecchini Júnior (; born 12 November 1972) is a Brazilian actor and model.
Career
Gianecchini started acting at the age of 6, on the stage of his school in Birigüi, São Paulo. He graduated with a degree in law from the Pontifical Catholic University of São Paulo (PUC-SP) in 1997, but he never practiced it.
His dream of becoming an actor was delayed by his modeling career. He was a successful model for eight years, of which two were overseas, residing in Paris, but all the while he was traveling to such cities as New York, London, Berlin, and Milan. He was unhappy, though, and decided to resume his pursuit of an acting career.
In 2001, he landed his first significant regular role in the soap opera Laços de Família. He played the role of Edu, a doctor who was romantically involved with a woman many years older than he was, played by actress Vera Fischer.
In 2002, Gianecchini was chosen to be the exclusive top model for Armani in Brazil, a position he apparently still holds to this date (Maria Fernanda Candido, his co-star in Esperança, is the female equivalent for Armani).
Personal life
Since August 2011, Gianecchini has been battling against cancer (angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma) and has undergone chemotherapy treatment. In an interview with O Globo in September 2019, he stated that although he has dated both women and men, he does not identify as any sexual orientation. In September 2020, he stated that he identifies as pansexual. Gianecchini has Italian ancestry.
Filmography
Television
Film
Theater
Cacilda
Boca de Ouro
O Príncipe de Copacabana
A Peça Sobre o Bebê
Vossa Excelência, o Candidato
Doce Deleite
Cruel
A Toca do Coelho
Os Guardas de Taj
Music
"Você" (with Marília Gabriela)
References
External links
1972 births
20th-century Brazilian male actors
21st-century Brazilian male actors
Brazilian male film actors
Brazilian male models
Brazilian male stage actors
Brazilian male telenovela actors
Brazilian male voice actors
Brazilian people of Italian descent
LGBT actors from Brazil
LGBT male actors
LGBT models
Living people
Male actors from São Paulo (state)
Pansexual entertainers
Pansexual men
The Butte Special was a named passenger train on the Union Pacific Railroad running between Salt Lake City, Utah and Butte, Montana by way of Pocatello, Idaho on the UP's Montana Division. The train had a popular connection with the UP's Yellowstone Special at Idaho Falls, Idaho, where the Yellowstone bound train went east towards West Yellowstone, Montana and Yellowstone National Park. The Butte Special was the Union Pacific's only north-south passenger service.
The train's consist was formalized sometime in the 1920s, with the typical setup containing several mail cars, a Railway Post Office car, two or three reclining seat coaches, a cafe/lounge car, and up to three sleeper cars. Although the train served a relatively small population—with Butte having a population that peaked near 40,000 and Idaho Falls peaking over 60,000—it was as fully featured of a train as any that Union Pacific offered.
History
End of service
Union Pacific had tried cancelling the train as early as the 1960s, but they encountered little success in their efforts, and it eventually ran until Amtrak took over most of the United States' passenger rail service in 1971. As the service was beginning to wind down, the route lost its lucrative US Mail contract in 1967 and the train was no longer run daily, but three times per week. In its final days UP split the service with Northbound trains running on Thursday, Saturday, and Monday, and Southbound trains running Friday, Sunday, and Tuesday.
Route
From Salt Lake City, the Butte Special ran north to Ogden, then crossed into Idaho to make stops in Pocatello, Blackfoot, Idaho Falls, Dubois, and Spencer before crossing Monida Pass into Montana. In Montana the train made stops in Lima, Armstead, Dillon, Melrose, and Silver Bow before finally ending in Butte. The Great Northern, Northern Pacific and the Milwaukee Road also served Butte, with each of them having passenger service. By 1970 the route had been condensed to only stop in Ogden, Pocatello, and Idaho Falls en route to Butte.
References
Night trains of the United States
Union Pacific Railroad
Passenger trains of the Union Pacific Railroad
Passenger rail transportation in Utah
Passenger rail transportation in Idaho
Passenger rail transportation in Montana
Railway services discontinued in 1971
Named passenger trains of the United States
Po Binnasuar was a king of Panduranga, ruling from 1316/1328 to 1361/1373. Panduranga was a medieval Cham principality located in present-day Southeastern Vietnam.
Dorohiem and Dohamide in their 1965 history Dân tộc Chàm lược sử incorrectly assume Po Binnasuar with the profile of Chế Bồng Nga.
References
Cham rulers
1369 deaths
1373 deaths
Year of birth unknown
The Military Geology Unit was a unit in the United States military during World War II. It was established on June 24, 1942, six months after Pearl Harbor. People in the US Geological Survey wanted to get involved in the war effort, either for patriotism or prestige or both, and provided a geological intelligence report for a randomly chosen country, Sierra Leone.
The Sierra Leone report described the terrain, locations of water supplies and road-building materials, and other facts useful for military operations. The US military bought the idea and so the Military Geological Unit was formed, starting out with six people but quickly expanding.
The USGS continued to operate a Military Geology Unit through 1975, providing the US Department of Defense with research and documentation necessary for military operations.
Staff
The entire Military Geology Unit wartime roster was 88 geologists, 11 soil scientists, 6 bibliographers, 5 engineers, three editors, one forester and 43 assisting staff. Most of the reports prepared by the Unit were prepared by teams made up mainly of geologists but commonly included soils scientists, botanists, climatologists, and geographers. Nearly all of the soils scientists and climatologists were members of the US Department of Agriculture's Soil Conservation Service.
During World War II geology won its spurs as an important tool in both planning and operations in the US Army. This growth of geology was due to the increased appreciation on the part of our military leaders of the importance of scientific techniques and information, and to the increased appreciation on the part of our scientists of the usefulness of their abilities in the solution of a large variety of very practical problems.
Research Conducted
Normandy Invasion
The geological conditions of the Normandy beaches for the Invasion of Normandy were investigated by the American and British MGU. Some of the civilian scientists were sent ashore months before the invasion. "...civilian scientists, not all of them young or signally muscled, landed on the beaches ... wriggling along on their bellies, within range of German guns, they obtained samples of sand soil so when the tanks and trucks bustled ashore the drivers would be prepared for the terrain the equipment would be on hand to bridge the worst spots."
Research in 17th and 18th century French geological reports showed the land had clay underneath the sand which would bog down tanks and other vehicles. To find out the truth, geologists went ashore before the invasions with boring tools to find out if the old reports were correct, and special equipment was developed to overcome the problem.
For the invasion, large scale maps, in three editions, of the Normandy beach conditions of 1:5,000 were printed in great secrecy, with each map numbered for controlled use. Few copies of these maps survived the war. Other maps were prepared to show the best areas suitable for building airfields, and of water supply locations.
Origin of Balloon Bombs
The Military Geology Unit was key in determining the origin of Japanese Fu-Go balloon bombs. Working with Colonel Sidman Poole of US Army Intelligence, the researchers of the Military Geological Unit began microscopic and chemical examination of the sand from the sandbags to determine types and distribution of diatoms and other microscopic sea creatures, and its mineral composition. The sand could not be coming from American beaches, nor from the mid-Pacific. It had to be coming from Japan. Ultimately the geologists determined the precise beaches in Japan the sand had been taken from. By this time, it was mostly irrelevant, since by early spring the balloon offensive was almost over.
Planetary Geology
A number of reports were produced by the Military Geologists covering the moon, including the first photogeologic map of the near side.
Permafrost
Under the aegis of the Military Geology Unit, some of the earliest research and documentation on permafrost was published in English. Research on the topic had only been previously published in Russian.
References
Bibliography
Bevan, Arthur. 1944. "Military Geology." Scientific Monthly. Volume 62, 1946. Pages 466-468.
Bonham, Selma and Leith, William (William Stanley), 1997, Reports and maps of the Military Geology Unit, 1942-1975. Reston, Va.: U.S. Geological Survey. 116 leaves. U.S. Geological Survey open-file report; 97-175.
Geological Survey (U.S.). Military Geology Branch. 1945?, The Military Geology Unit: U. S. Geological Survey and Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army. "Prepared by members of the staff of the Military Geology Unit for distribution at the Pittsburgh (1945) meeting of The Geological Society of America." No place of publication given: The Geological Society of America. 22 pages.
Hadden, Robert Lee. 2003. "The Heringen Collection of the US Geological Survey Library." Session No. 94, History of Geology (GSA History of Geology Division, History of Earth Science Society [HESS]). November 3, 2003. Geological Society of America Abstracts with Programs, Vol. 35, No. 6, September 2003, p. 252.
Hadden, Robert Lee. 2008. "The Heringen Collection of the US Geological Survey Library, Reston, VA." Published in Earth Science History, v27 n2 p242-265, 2008. .
Hunt, C.B. 1950. "Military Geology Unit" IN: Application of Geology to Engineering Practice. The Geological Society of America. The Charles Peter Berkey Volume. November 1950. Pages 305-325.
Kaye, C.A. 1957. "Military Geology in the United States Sector of the European Theater of Operations During World War II." Geological Society of America Bulletin. Volume 68, pages 47–54.
Kiersch, George A., 1998, "Engineering geosciences and military operation." Engineering Geology. 49; 2, Pages 123-176.
Leith, William and John R. Matzko. 1998. "Recent Activities in Military Geology at the U.S. Geological Survey," In: Military Geology in War and Peace, 1998. Reviews in Engineering Geology, Volume 13. pages 49–55.
Leith, William, ed. 1997. "Reports and Maps of the Military Geology Unit, 1942-1975." US Geological Survey Open-File Report 97-175. Compiled by Selma Bonham, 1981.
C. M. Nelson and E. P. F. Rose. "The U. S. Geological Survey's Military Geology Unit in World War II; the Army's pet prophets." Quarterly Journal of Engineering Geology and Hydrogeology (August 2012), 45(3):349-367.
Pangborn, Mark W. 1945. "Military Geology and the Library." Library Journal. Volume LXX, November 15, 1945, pages 1056-1057.
Rose, Edward P.F. 2005. "Military Geology." In: Selley, Richard C. et al., eds. Encyclopedia of Geology. Elsevier. Volume III, pages 474-487.
Simon, L.J. 1957. Additional Notes on the Use of Geologists in the European Theater of Operations During World War II." Bulletin of the Geological Society of America. Volume 68, pages 1567-1568.
Snyder, C.T. 1957. The Importance of Geology in Planning the Normandy Invasion." Geological Society of America Bulletin. Volume 68, page 1565-1566.
Sommers, Martin. 1945. "The Army's Pet Prophets." Saturday Evening Post. March 24, 1945. Volume 217, number 39, pages 18–19, 97-98.
Terman, Maurice J, 1998, "Military Geology Unit of the U. S. Geological Survey during World War II." In: Military Geology in War and Peace. Reviews in Engineering Geology, Volume 13. pages 49–55.
Whitmore, Frank C. 1954. "Military Geology." The Military Engineer. Volume XLVI, number 311, pages 212-215.
External links
Geotimes
USGS Military Branch History (PDF)
US Geological Survey
Military units and formations established in 1942
Military cartography
Operations of United States government agencies
Intelligence operations
Science and technology during World War II
United States Geological Survey
Hashemabad (, also Romanized as Hāshemābād) is a village in Khursand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 36 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Parapontellidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida.
Genera:
Neopontella Scott, 1909
Parapontella Brady, 1878
References
Copepods
The 1888 New York Athletic Club football team was an American football team that represented the New York Athletic Club in the American Football Union (AFU) during the 1888 college football season. The New York team compiled a 1–3–1 record (all against AFU opponents).
Schedule
References
New York Athletic Club
New York Athletic Club football seasons
New York Athletic Club football
George Maloof may refer to:
George J. Maloof Jr. (born 1964), owner of the Sacramento Kings basketball team
George J. Maloof Sr. (1923–1980), businessman and owner of the Houston Rockets basketball team
George Barber may refer to:
Politicians
George Philip Barber (1863–1938), Australian politician
George Barber (politician) (1860–1942), Australian politician
George W. Barber (politician) South Carolina State Senator
Sportspeople
George Barber (jumper) (1884–1938), Canadian athlete
George Barber (footballer), player for Chelsea F.C. 1930–1939
George Barber (pole vaulter), Canadian pole vaulter
George W. Barber, American racecar driver and businessman
Others
George Anthony Barber (1802–1874), English-born Canadian educator, also known as the father of Canadian cricket
George Franklin Barber (1854–1915), American architect
George Barber (artist) (born 1958), British video artist
George Barber, a character in the play Possible Worlds
George Calvert Barber (1893–1967), Australian Methodist minister and president-general of the Methodist Church of Australasia 1951–1954
Diocese (or Bishopric or Eparchy) of Smolensk may refer to the following ecclesiastical jurisdictions :
the present Russian Orthodox Diocese of Smolensk
two former Catholic bishoprics :
Roman Catholic Diocese of Smolensk (Latin)
Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Smolensk (Eastern Catholic: Byzantine rite)
The English new wave/pop rock band Tears for Fears have released seven studio albums, along with numerous singles, compilations and videos. Formed in 1981 by Roland Orzabal and Curt Smith, the duo signed to Phonogram Records in the UK and released their first single the same year. It was not until Tears for Fears' third single, "Mad World" (1982), that they scored their first hit, and their platinum-selling debut album The Hurting (1983) was a UK number one.
Their second album, Songs from the Big Chair, was released in 1985 and became a worldwide hit, establishing the band in the US. After a third platinum-selling studio album, The Seeds of Love (1989), Smith and Orzabal parted company. The band's first Greatest Hits album was released in 1992 and went double platinum in the UK. Subsequent Tears for Fears studio albums Elemental (1993) and Raoul and the Kings of Spain (1995) were effectively solo albums by Orzabal. However, the duo reformed in 2000 for a new studio album, Everybody Loves a Happy Ending, which was released in 2004/05. Although continuing to tour regularly across the world, the band's recording output slowed down for several years. A new compilation album, Rule the World: The Greatest Hits, was released in 2017, giving the band their sixth UK Top 20 album. After a lengthy development, the band's seventh studio album, The Tipping Point, was released in February 2022.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Other compilations
(The following compilations tended to be regional releases, issued without the band's involvement and often on "budget price" labels)
Box sets
EPs
Singles
Videos
Video albums
Music videos
Notes
References
External links
British Phonographic Industry
Recording Industry Association of America
Discographies of British artists
Pop music group discographies
New wave discographies
Rev. William Venables-Vernon Harcourt (1789April 1871) was an English cleric, founder of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, canon residentiary of the York Cathedral, Dean of Chichester, and later rector of Bolton Percy.
Family
He was born at Sudbury, Derbyshire, a younger son of Edward Vernon-Harcourt, Archbishop of York and his wife Lady Anne Leveson-Gower, who was a daughter of Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Marquess of Stafford and his second wife Lady Louisa Egerton. Her maternal grandparents were Scroop Egerton, 1st Duke of Bridgewater and his second wife Rachel Russell. Rachel was a daughter of Wriothesley Russell, 2nd Duke of Bedford and the rich heiress Elizabeth Howland, daughter of John Howland of Streatham.
Career
After he had served in the navy, on the West Indian station, for five years, his father allowed him to become a clergyman. He was a student of Christ Church, Oxford, in 1807, graduating B.A. in 1811 and M.A. in 1814, and remained a student of Christ Church till 1815. He was on good terms with Cyril Jackson, the dean and Dr. John Kidd, then a teacher of chemistry at his college, influenced him.
On leaving university in 1811, Harcourt began duties as a clergyman at Bishopthorpe, Yorkshire and aided the movement for establishing an institution in Yorkshire for the cultivation of science. He constructed a laboratory, and occupied himself in chemical analysis, aided by his early friends Davy and Wollaston.
In 1821, remains of prehistoric life found by William Buckland in the cavern of Kirkdale went to form the basis of a museum, connected with the Yorkshire Philosophical Society, of which Harcourt was the first president. In 1824, he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society.
The first meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science was held at York in September 1831, and the general plan of its proceedings, and the laws to govern it, were drawn up by Harcourt, who was appointed general secretary. At the Birmingham meeting of the association in 1839, Harcourt was elected president. The subject of his address was the history of the composition of water, supporting the claims of Henry Cavendish to the discovery by original documents, and vindicating the claims of science to freedom of inquiry. Another subject to which Harcourt directed his inquiries was the effect of heat on inorganic compounds.
For 40 years, he worked to acquire glasses of definite and mutually compensative dispersions, for achromatic combinations. In this work, he was supported by George Stokes.
As a cleric, Harcourt became canon of York, and rector of Wheldrake in Yorkshire in 1824, and of Bolton Percy, Yorkshire, in 1837. The Yorkshire School for the Blind, and the Castle Howard Reformatory, and other institutions, owed their existence to him.
In 1861, on the death of his elder brother, George Granville Harcourt, he succeeded to the Harcourt estates at Nuneham Courtenay in Oxfordshire, and his latter years were spent at Nuneham House among his books and in the society of men of culture and science.
Harcourt died in April 1871, in his eighty-second year.
Family
He married, in 1824, Matilda Mary, daughter of Colonel William Gooch, by whom he had two sons and five daughters; including:
Edward William Harcourt (1825–1891) of Nuneham
Right Hon. Sir William Vernon Harcourt (1827–1904)
Cecilia Caroline Harcort, who married Admiral Sir Edward Rice (1819–1902)
He changed his name from Vernon-Harcourt to Harcourt circa 1830.
Works
Letter to Henry Lord Brougham, F.R.S. &c., Containing Remarks on Certain Statements in his Lives of Black, Watt and Cavendish (1846)
Symmetrical psalmody; or, Portions of the Psalms and other Scriptures, tr. into metrical stanzas, with corresponding accents in corresponding verses, for Musical Use (1855); G. Bell.
Sermons, with an introductory preface by W. F. Hook (1873); London, Simpkin, Marschall, and Co.
References
Attribution:
1789 births
1871 deaths
British scientists
19th-century English Anglican priests
People from Sudbury, Derbyshire
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
William
Fellows of the Royal Society
Members of the Yorkshire Philosophical Society
Hector Copland Macpherson, (1 April 1888 – 19 May 1956) was a Scottish astronomer and minister. His 1940 work Biographical Dictionary of Astronomy was later incorporated into the Biographical Encyclopedia of Astronomers, which was first published in 2007.
Life
Macpherson was born in Edinburgh on 1 April 1888, the son of author and journalist Hector Carsewell Macpherson and his wife, Mary Janet Copland. As a child, Macpherson had rheumatic fever. The illness was the reason he did not attend school. Instead, he was taught at home until he went to university. At age 13, he was given a telescope. Macpherson set up an observatory in the family garden with the gift. In 1911, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society, proposed for fellowship by the Astronomer Royal Frank Watson Dyson.
In 1917 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were James Young Simpson, Walter Biggar Blaikie, John George Bartholomew, and Cargill Gilston Knott.
Macpherson studied theology at New College, Edinburgh and became a minister for the United Free Church of Scotland. He served five years at a church in Louden, Ayrshire. In 1921, Macpherson returned to Edinburgh, and was named the minister of the Guthrie Memorial Church. He led the church during its 1929 merger with the Church of Scotland and served the congregation until his death. He earned a Ph.D from Edinburgh in 1923, for his research on the Covenanter movement. He served as President of the Astronomical Society of Edinburgh on three occasions: 1924; 1926 to 1928; and 1952 to 1954.
He died in Edinburgh 19 May 1956. He is buried with his wife and daughter in North Berwick Cemetery. The grave lies on the eastern wall towards the north-east.
Family
Macpherson married Catherine Anne Chisholm (1895-1976) in 1917, with whom he had four children: Hector, Fergus, Mari Margaret Anne, and Catherine Isabel.
Books
References
Citations
Sources
External links
1888 births
1956 deaths
Writers from Edinburgh
Scottish astronomers
20th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Royal Astronomical Society
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
20th-century Ministers of the Free Church of Scotland
20th-century Scottish scientists
Presidents of the Astronomical Society of Edinburgh
Dr. Seuss Enters., L.P. v. Penguin Books USA, Inc. 109 F.3d 1394 (9th Cir. 1997) is a copyright lawsuit where the court determined if a copy of an original work's artistic style, plot, themes, and certain key character elements qualified as fair use. Penguin Books published a book titled The Cat NOT in the Hat! A Parody by Dr. Juice that use the artistic style, themes and characteristics of Dr. Seuss books to tell the story of the O. J. Simpson murder case. Dr. Seuss Enterprises accuse the publisher of copyright and trademark infringement.
Background
Dr. Seuss Enterprises owns the trademarks and copyrights author Dr. Seuss' publications. Dr. Seuss authored and published 47 books that are widely distributed and contains characteristics such as simple rhyming and repetitive language, with characters that are recognizable to children. This includes the book The Cat in the Hat, first published in 1957 with the main character being "the Cat" who wears a red and white striped stovepipe hat, which Seuss owns the trademark to. Dr. Seuss also owns copyright registrations for several books containing the Cat.
Alan Katz and Chris Wrinn wrote and illustrated The Cat NOT in the Hat! A Parody by Dr. Juice satirizing the O. J. Simpson murder case in the style of Dr. Seuss' publications. Penguin Books USA, Inc. and Dove Audio, Inc., publishers of the work, were not licensed or authorized to use the work from Dr. Seuss and did not request permission. Dr. Seuss Enterprises filed a complaint for copyright and trademark infringement, an application for a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction, after seeing advertising promoting the satirical work.
In the complaint Seuss alleges misappropriated substantial protected elements of its copyrighted works and violations of the Copyright Code, 17 U.S.C. §§ 501-02; the Federal Trademark Dilution Act of 1995, 15 U.S.C. § 1125(c)(1); the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1125(a); and the California Unfair Competition Statute, § 17200 et seq. and § 14330. The district court denied the temporary restraining order and set the preliminary injunction for trial. Seuss incorporated infringement claims for publications Horton Hatches the Egg and One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish in the request for injunctive relief, which was granted on March 21, 1996.
Penguin and Dove printed 12,000 books of the satirical work at the cost of $35,500, which the court refrained from being distributed. Penguin and Dove filed a motion for reconsideration, which cause the court to modify the order but failed to dissolve the preliminary injunction. The court found that defendants took substantial protected expression from The Cat in the Hat but not from Horton or One Fish Two Fish, a strong likelihood on success on the parody as fair use issue, serious questions for litigation and a balance of hardships favoring Seuss on the trademark violations, a strong likelihood that a copyright claim raising a presumption of irreparable harm, and a low success on the federal dilution claim.
Penguin and Dove appealed the district court's decision of a preliminary injunction prohibiting the distribution of The Cat NOT in the Hat! A Parody by Dr. Juice.
Background
Judge Diarmuid F. O'Scannlain wrote the majority opinion where the court affirmed the preliminary injunction against Penguin Books.
For proving a case of copyright infringement Seuss proved that he held a valid copyright to The Cat in the Hat by owning copyright registration certificates and demonstrated substantial similarity in a two-part test where a subjective and objective analysis of expression was performed. The court determined that substantial similarity exists where the Cat was a central character to Seuss' work, Alan Katz admitting that the illustrations were inspired by the cat, and Penguin appropriated the Cat's image, copying the hat and using the image 13 times.
The court addressed Penguin's fair use defense under parody by analyzing the four factor test in 17 U.S.C. § 107 and concluded that the District Court's ruling against fair use was not erroneous. For the first factor analyzing the purpose and commercial use of the work, the court determined it to be against fair use based on the commercial use of the work and that the work merely mimics the characteristic style of Dr. Seuss, it does not hold the style up to ridicule and there was no effort to create transformative work. For the second factor analyzing the nature of the work, the court determined it to be against fair use due to the use of the Cat, the central character in Seuss' work. For the third factor looking at the amount and substantiality of the portion of the work used, the court determined, the court sided with the district court decision against fair use, because Penguin appropriated the cat's character a central character in Seuss' work. For the fourth factor analyzing the effect on the commercial market, the court ruled against fair use concluding that Penguin's work can be considered market substitution and citing Penguin's failure of bringing forth relevant markets.
For the trademark infringement, the court examined the likelihood of confusion in the marketplace and sided with the district court, based on proximity and similarities between infringement items such as the Cat's hat, the narrator name, the title.
References
External links
Dr. Seuss Enters., L.P. v. Penguin Books USA, Inc. summary
Fair use case law
United States copyright case law
1997 in United States case law
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit cases
Peter Newman is an English author of fantasy novels and short stories, including the Gemmell Award-winning The Vagrant. He is also co-writer of the Hugo Award winning Tea and Jeopardy podcast.
Personal life
Newman lives in Somerset with his wife, fellow author Emma Newman, and son. Growing up in and around London, he studied Drama and Education at the Central School of Speech and Drama, going on to work as a secondary school drama teacher.
Writing career
The Vagrant Trilogy
The Vagrant (winner of the Morningstar Award for best debut novel at the David Gemmell Awards 2016)
The Malice
The Seven
The Deathless Trilogy
The Deathless
The Ruthless
The Boundless
Short Stories
The Vagrant and the City
The Hammer and the Goat
References
Living people
British fantasy writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
English male novelists
Jacob M. Bushue (born May 15, 1992) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Finnish club Jaro.
Career
Youth
Bushue played youth soccer with the Chicago Magic from 2006-2010. Bushue's Chicago Magic team was a Dallas Cup Semi-Finalist in 2009. His teams also went to the US Soccer Academy Finals in both 2008 and 2009. Bushue was invited to the Adidas ESP Camp in 2008 and 2009.
College
He played college soccer at Indiana University from 2010 to 2013. During his career at Indiana, Bushue was a part of the team that won the 2012 National Championship. While at Indiana University, Bushue also won the 2010 Big Ten Conference regular season championship and the 2013 Big Ten Conference men's soccer tournament championship, and was named to the All-Tournament Team. During his career at Indiana, Bushue played in 86 games and made 79 starts for the Hoosiers, scoring 6 goals and 10 assists. After his career at Indiana, Bushue was invited to the 2014 MLS Draft Combine.
Professional
On January 15, 2015, Saint Louis FC of the USL announced the signing of Bushue for the 2015 season. He scored his first professional goal in a match on September 12 against the Charlotte Independence at World Wide Technology Soccer Park, and was named to the USL's Team of the Week for his performance.
On November 9, 2016 Saint Louis FC released Bushue
Bushue signed with the Finnish team Bollklubben-46 for the 2017 campaign. BK-46 plays in the third level of Finnish soccer as of 2017.
Bushue joined FC Haka for the 2019 season.
On January 13, 2022 he signed with Jaro.
Personal life
Bushue grew up in Champaign, Illinois. His parents are Doug and Katy Bushue. Jacob and his sister Megan became the first brother–sister combination to win the News-Gazette player of the year award. Bushue attended Champaign Centennial High School, graduating in December 2009.
Honors
FC Haka
Ykkönen Winner: 2019
FF Jaro
Ykköscup Winner: 2022
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
American expatriate soccer players
American soccer players
Association football midfielders
Chicago Fire U-23 players
Ekenäs IF players
FC Haka players
FF Jaro players
Indiana Hoosiers men's soccer players
Saint Louis FC players
Soccer players from Illinois
Sportspeople from Champaign, Illinois
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
Kakkonen players
Ykkönen players
Veikkausliiga players
Expatriate footballers in Finland
American expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Bollklubben-46 players
Three Chimneys is a historic house in Virginia, United States.
Three Chimneys may also refer to:
Three Chimneys Archaeological Site, remains of sugar-processing plant in Florida, United States
Three Chimneys Farm, stud farm in Kentucky, United States
Three Chimneys, Kent, hamlet in Kent, England
The Three Chimneys, restaurant in Skye, Scotland
The Three Chimneys (Tuolumne County, California), landform in California
Liberty Hill School, also known as the Liberty-Exway School and Covington Community Center, is a historic Rosenwald School for African-American students located near Ellerbe, in Richmond County, North Carolina. Built in 1930, it is a one-story, two-teacher school with American Craftsman design elements. It measures approximately . The structure ceased to operate as a school in the mid-1950s and subsequently used as a community center.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
References
Rosenwald schools in North Carolina
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
School buildings completed in 1930
Buildings and structures in Randolph County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond County, North Carolina
1930 establishments in North Carolina
"Take Me in Your Arms and Love Me" is a song and single by American group, Gladys Knight & the Pips written by Barrett Strong, Cornelius Grant and Rodger Penzabene. It was produced by Norman Whitfield.
Background
It also appeared on their 1967 album Everybody Needs Love, where the song's erotic nature was censored. Critic John Lowe for AllMusic felt the editing "damaged the song's story structure" and "undermined Knight's erotic awareness for the song".
Chart performance
Originally released in the US on the Soul label in 1967 with "Do You Love Me Just a Little, Honey" as the B-side, the song only charted at number 98 on the Hot 100. "Take Me in Your Arms and Love Me", however, did not chart on the national, Billboard's Top Selling R&B Singles chart. Overseas, it was later released in the UK in 1967 on the Tamla Motown label. It made number 13 in the UK charts in June 1967 and was Gladys Knight & the Pips' first UK hit.
Cover versions
Green Gartside teamed up with Sweetie Irie in 1991 for Scritti Politti's cover of "Take Me in Your Arms and Love Me", the follow-up to the top 20 hit "She's a Woman" with Shabba Ranks. Scritti Politti's version "Take Me in Your Arms and Love Me" peaked at No. 47 and came from the same B.E.F. recording sessions as Scritti Politti's cover of "She's a Woman" and Gartside's version of "I Don't Know Why I Love You" (from the B.E.F. album Music of Quality and Distinction, Volume 2).
References
Gladys Knight & the Pips songs
1967 singles
1967 songs
Songs written by Barrett Strong
Songs written by Cornelius Grant
Songs written by Rodger Penzabene
Song recordings produced by Norman Whitfield
Motown singles
is the sequel to the Nintendo DS puzzle game Polarium. Polarium Advance was developed by Mitchell Corporation for the Game Boy Advance. The object of the game is similar to that of Polarium. Black and white tiles fill a grid, and by drawing a single line in the grid, tiles can be flipped from black to white (or vice versa). Solid, horizontal lines of all black or all white tiles are erased, and the goal is to erase the entire grid in this manner. The game received a re-release on Wii U Virtual Console in late-2015/early-2016. The game was planned to be released in China for the iQue Game Boy Advance system, but this release was cancelled due to high piracy. However, the Chinese translation was fully completed, and it can be played through emulation. However, the game's DS predecessor was released in China.
Game modes
Stage
Daily Polarium: This mode consists of 365 puzzles - one puzzle for each day in a year - and your goal is to solve one puzzle per day.
Polarium Reference: Here you can play groups of puzzles you have already cleared in Daily Polarium.
Edit and Custom: In these modes you can create and play, respectively, your own puzzles (up to 100). Initially, the only Special Tiles that can be used in your own puzzles are Hurdle tiles, but the other Special tiles can be unlocked during the regular game. You can also input puzzles by password, and the game is backwards compatible with passwords for Polarium.
Time Attack: In this mode, you're given either 5 hard or 10 easy randomly generated puzzles, and have to solve them as fast as possible.
Unlike its predecessor, Polarium Advance was released for the Game Boy Advance, with some significant changes. The unpopular Challenge Mode was removed, and the game focuses more on the Puzzle Mode, which features 365 puzzles - nearly four times as many as Polarium. Each puzzle stage can be played in Stage Mode, with no time limit, or Time Mode, where the player aims to complete a puzzle as fast as possible. Edit Mode for creating custom puzzles makes a return in Polarium Advance as well.
The color scheme is changeable from black and white, to add a bit of customization and color to the game.
How to play
As in the predecessor, the goal is to select tiles by drawing a line over them with one, continuous stroke. Polarium Advance uses the D-pad for controlling where Polarium used the DS stylus, and the A button (or L, for playing single-handed) for starting or ending a stroke. Selected tiles will flip from black to white or vice versa, and the puzzle is completed if each horizontal line consists of a single color afterwards. Surrounding the main puzzle area are gray "neutral" tiles that have no effect on the puzzle but can be used to flip disconnected groups of tiles in a single pass.
Special Tiles
In order to add some variety to the gameplay, three new tiles have been added in addition to the standard black and white ones. Solid tiles cause all tiles above them to fall when erased, Hurdle tiles cannot have lines drawn over them, and Multi-tiles are "wild cards" in that they function as white or black panels.
Reception
The game received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, Famitsu gave it a score of three sevens and one eight for a total of 29 out of 40.
Notes
References
External links
Tsuukin Hitofude - Official Game Page - Nintendo.co.jp
Mitchell Corporation - Official Site
2005 video games
Atlus games
Game Boy Advance games
Nintendo games
Puzzle video games
Falling block puzzle games
Monochrome video games
Video games developed in Japan
Virtual Console games
Virtual Console games for Wii U
Viktor Weißenbacher (15 July 1897 – 18 December 1956) was a German international footballer.
References
1897 births
1956 deaths
Association football forwards
German footballers
Germany international footballers
1. FC Pforzheim players
17th Brigade may refer to:
Australia
17th Brigade (Australia)
17th Sustainment Brigade (Australia)
India
17th Indian Infantry Brigade
Iran
17th Ali ibn Abi Taleb Division
Nigeria
17 Brigade (Nigeria)
Spain
17th Mixed Brigade
Ukraine
17th Armored Brigade (Ukraine)
United Kingdom
17th Infantry Brigade (United Kingdom)
17th Mounted Brigade (United Kingdom)
Artillery Brigades
17th Brigade Royal Field Artillery
XVII Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery, formerly II Indian Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery
United States
17th Aviation Brigade (United States)
17th Fires Brigade (United States)
See also
17th Division
17th Regiment
17 Squadrons
The 1997 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations was the seventh edition of the Afro-Asian Cup of Nations, it was contested between Saudi Arabia, winners of the 1996 Asian Cup, and South Africa, winners of the 1996 African Cup of Nations. The matches were originally planned to be played in 1997, but both teams couldn't be bothered to find time on the calendar. After being delayed for two years, the matches were finally played in 1999. South Africa won the title on aggregate score 1–0.
Qualified teams
Match details
First leg
Second leg
Winners
South Africa won 1–0 on aggregates.
References
External links
1997 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations - rsssf.com
Afro-Asian Cup of Nations
Afro-Asian Cup of Nations
Mer
Mer
1999–2000 in South African soccer
1999–2000 in Saudi Arabian football
South Africa national soccer team matches
Saudi Arabia national football team matches
September 1999 sports events in Africa
September 1999 sports events in Asia
Sajkanosuchus is an extinct monospecific genus of alligatorid crocodilian. It is known from the middle Eocene of eastern Kazakhstan. Fossils have been found from the Zaysan Basin in clays that are referred to as the Obayla suite. The type species is Sajkanosuchus ckhikvadzoi, named in 1984.
References
Alligatoridae
Eocene crocodylomorphs
Eocene reptiles of Asia
The Hangzhou Library () is a public library located at East Jiefang Road, Jianggan District of Hangzhou, Zhejiang. Hangzhou Library has a collection of over 2.8 million items, with 31 thousand newspapers, 40 thousand Republics of China-era books, 5058 ancient books, and 1 thousand and 4 hundred rubbings.
History
Hangzhou Library was established in July 1958 at Youth Road in Hangzhou.
In the mid-1980s, the library was relocated to Huansha Road.
In 1994, it was designated as a national first-grade library.
In 2003, it became a member of the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions.
In October 2008, the Hangzhou Municipal Government appropriated 400 million yuan for constructing the new library.
In 2010, the library was listed among the second batch of the "Key Protection Units of Ancient Books in China" by the State Council of China.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Hangzhou
1958 establishments in China
Libraries established in 1958
Education in Hangzhou
Public libraries in Zhejiang
Imene Agouar (born 22 November 1993) is an Algerian judoka who competes internationally for Algeria. Her last victory was in the African Championships 2014 in women's half middleweight 63 kg.
Achievement
Agouar won silver at the African Championships in 2015 after winning the title in 2014. In 2013, she won silver again. At the Grand Prix of Zagreb in 2014, she was close to winning the bronze medal. She has won one gold medal in the continental cup, three silver medals in the continental championships and two in the continental open and also two bronze medals in the continental championships.
References
Living people
1993 births
Algerian female judoka
Benjamin W. Dean (January 26, 1827 – July 6, 1861) was a Vermont attorney and politician. He served in the Vermont House of Representatives and as Secretary of State of Vermont.
Biography
Benjamin Willey Dean was born in Manchester, Vermont on January 26, 1827, and was the son of Peter Werden Dean and Philinda (Willey) Dean. He attended Colby College, graduated from Dartmouth College in 1848, and received a master's degree from Dartmouth in 1851. Dean joined the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity while attending Colby. While at Dartmouth, he became a member of the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity.
Dean studied law with attorneys Abishai Stoddard of Grafton, and Charles J. Walker of Bellows Falls, and attended State and National Law School. He was admitted to the bar in 1852, and practiced in Elmira, New York before relocating to Vermont, where he practiced first in Bellows Falls, and then in Grafton.
An active participant in the Baptist church, Dean was a life member of the American Baptist Missionary Union.
A Republican, Dean served in local offices including register of probate for the Windham County district. In 1856 and 1857 he served in the Vermont House of Representatives. In 1857, Dean became Vermont's Secretary of State, and he served in this position until 1861.
Death and burial
Dean died in Grafton on July 6, 1861. According to news reports, he had been ill with lung hemorrhages in the weeks before his death, but appeared to be recovering. He died after unexpected and severe hemorrhages left him unable to breathe. Dean was buried at Grafton Village Cemetery in Grafton.
Family
In 1853, Dean married Fannie Angeline Cobb of South Windham. They were the parents of three daughters: Mary Emma (1853–1906), who was the wife of Chapin Howard (1852–1903); Harriet ("Hattie") (1856–1940), the wife of Dr. Arthur H. Tufts (1856–1931); and Lucy (1862–1942), the wife of Dr. Rollin E. Woodworth (1866–1932).
References
Sources
Books
Newspapers
Internet
Magazines
1827 births
1861 deaths
Politicians from Elmira, New York
People from Manchester, Vermont
People from Grafton, Vermont
Colby College alumni
State and National Law School alumni
Dartmouth College alumni
New York (state) lawyers
Vermont lawyers
Vermont Republicans
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
Secretaries of State of Vermont
Burials in Vermont
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Sporck is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
August Geelmuyden Spørck (1851–1928), Norwegian military officer and politician
Charles E. Sporck (born 1928), American engineer and industrialist
Franz Anton von Sporck (1662–1738), Central European cultural figure
Johann von Sporck (1595–1679), German nobleman and military leader
Jørgen Fredrik Spørck (1787–1866), Norwegian military officer and politician
Sanafir Island (, ) is a Saudi island in the Straits of Tiran east of Tiran Island. It is about
it is located at the entrance to the Straits of Tiran, which separates the Gulf of Aqaba from the Red Sea. The island is about 2.5 km from Tiran Island. The island is characterized by floating coral reefs.
The island was under Egyptian control in the past but now it is returned back under Saudi Arabia sovereignty since the 8 April 2016, after the completion of transfer procedures. On 17 June 2017, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi ratified the maritime demarcation agreement between the two countries. It was adopted on maps and official documents on 17 August 2017 and approved by the Egyptian House of Representatives on 14 June 2017, which approved the transfer of the island and its neighbor to Saudi Arabia. The United Nations was notified in accordance with the Charter of Article 102 of the provisions of subsidiarity and sovereignty relating to islands and maritime territory.
Etymology
The name comes from Coptic ⲥⲉⲛⲛⲟⲩϥⲣⲓ Sanufri which itself comes from Egyptian s.t-n-nfr.t, "place of good profit".
Transfer to Saudi Arabia
On 9 April 2016, the Egyptian government declared that Sanafir and Tiran Island fall within the territorial waters of Saudi Arabia, as codified in the maritime border agreement signed with the government of Saudi Arabia on the previous day. However, the agreement had to be ratified by the Parliament of Egypt.
The proposed deal was quashed by an Egyptian judge, and an Egyptian court gave its final ruling in January 2017, rejecting the deal and affirming Egyptian sovereignty on both the islands, supported by much of the Egyptian public. The proposed deal caused turmoil in Egyptian politics and across the country, erupting mass protests that accused President Sisi of "selling" Egyptian land.
On 14 June 2017, Egypt's House Committee on Defence and National Security unanimously approved the transfer of Tiran and Sanafir islands to Saudi Arabia, and the plan was passed by the Egyptian Parliament later the same day. The deal moves forward the idea of building the Saudi–Egypt Causeway.
History
In World War II, the Egyptian forces on Tiran and Sanafir islands were part of the Egyptian troops protecting Suez canal, according to Egypt's representative at the 659th UN security council meeting on 15 February 1954:
In the same meeting, Egypt's representative considered Tiran and Sanafir islands an integral part of the territory of Egypt, since they have been under Egypt's administration since 1906:
See also
Tiran Island
Straits of Tiran
References
Islands of the Red Sea
Uninhabited islands of Saudi Arabia
Paul Anthony Madden, (born 10 October 1948) is a British chemist and former Provost of The Queen's College, Oxford.
Early life
Madden attended St Bede's Grammar School, a Catholic boys' grammar school in Bradford, Yorkshire, England. He gained BSc and DPhil degrees in chemistry at the University of Sussex. His doctoral thesis was titled "Reactive Scattering Calculations" and was completed in 1974.
Career
From 1981-84 he worked at the Royal Signals and Radar Establishment in Malvern, Worcestershire.
From 1984 until 2005 he was Fellow in Chemistry at The Queen's College, Oxford and also Senior Tutor of the college and Chairman of the University Information Technology Committee. From 2004 until 2008 he was Professor of Physical Chemistry and Director of Centre for Science at Extreme Conditions at the University of Edinburgh. He took up the office of Provost of The Queen's College on 2 August 2008 and was succeeded by Dr Claire Craig CBE on 2 August 2019.
He was awarded the Mulliken Medal of the University of Chicago for his achievements in Theoretical and Physical Chemistry. He has served as Miller Visiting Professor at the University of California, Berkeley.
He was elected to the Fellowship of the Royal Society in 2001 and is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
He was appointed a member of the ad hoc Board of Electors to the Professorship of Chemistry in the University of Cambridge on the nomination of the Faculty Board of Chemistry.
Personal life
He is married to Alison.
References
External links
The Queen's College, Oxford
1948 births
Living people
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Sussex
English chemists
Fellows of Magdalene College, Cambridge
Fellows of The Queen's College, Oxford
Fellows of the Royal Society
People educated at St. Bede's Grammar School
Scientists from Bradford
Provosts of The Queen's College, Oxford
The Irish damselfly or crescent bluet (Coenagrion lunulatum) is a damselfly found in northern Europe and Asia to north-eastern China;. It is common and widespread in northern Finland, scarce and local in the Netherlands and Ireland and rare elsewhere. One of its English name comes from the fact that it is found in Ireland but not in Britain. The alternative name, crescent bluet, refers to the shape of the markings on segment two of the male and its scientific name.
Appearance
This species is similar to the azure damselfly (C. puella), the variable damselfly (C. pulchellum) and the common blue damselfly (Enallagma cyathigerum) with which it coexists. However, both the female and male are darker and shorter-bodied in comparison with other blue damselflies.
The species can be identified using the following features:
In males the back of the abdomen is mostly black, whilst segments 8 and 9 are all blue.
In males the underside is bright green especially on the head and thorax (see side view)
The blue is of a darker shade than similar species
Females are dull green with black markings
In females the hind margin of the pronotum has a prominent raised point
Status in Ireland
C. lunulatum is uncommon in Ireland and is confined to the midlands and north. It is listed as Vulnerable on the Red List of Irish dragonflies. Adults have been recorded from the beginning of May (Co. Tyrone on 1 May 2011) to late July. It is found on sheltered mesotrophic lakes and large pools, fens and cutover bogs.
It was first recorded in Ireland in Sligo in 1981. The total number of sites known in Ireland at the beginning of 2013 was 94 in 16 counties. The range encompasses most of the northern half of Ireland. The northernmost site is in County Donegal at Lough Napaste north of Milford and the southern limit is on the eastern edge of the Burren in Co Claree at Lough Skeardeen near Boston. The core of the range is in four counties – Fermanagh, Leitrim, Monaghan and Tyrone. These hold three-quarters of the recorded sites (71). The other counties have five or fewer known sites. One of the places it has been successfully recorded and photographed is Brackagh Moss, in Armagh but it is probably extinct there.
Eutrophication is suggested as the most serious threat to the species.
References
External links
Dragonfly Ireland
Coenagrionidae
Damselflies of Europe
Insects described in 1840
Reynaldo Arce Mendoza (24 March 1917 - 4 June 2001) was a Philippine Army brigadier general. He was a member of the class of 1940, the author of the Alma Mater song "PMA, Oh Hail to Thee," and former Superintendent of the Philippine Military Academy (PMA). He was also the former Chief of the Intelligence Service of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (ISAFP) and President of the National Defense College of the Philippines (NDCP). During his military service, Mendoza had received several awards and decorations including three Distinguished Service Stars and Presidential Unit Citations from the Philippines, the United States, and the Republic of Korea. He was also recipient of the Ulchi Distinguished Military Service Medal and the Korean War Hero Medal for his command of the 2nd Battalion Combat Team (BCT) of the Philippine Expeditionary Forces to Korea (PEFTOK).
Military career
Philippine Military Academy
Reynaldo Mendoza is a member of the Philippine Military Academy Class 1940, which was the first class to complete four years of training as cadets in the academy. Out of 120 cadets who were admitted in the academy in 1936, only 79 graduated in 1940. A year after their graduation, they would be called upon to serve in the United States Army Forces in the Far East (USAFFE) to fight against the Japanese invasion.
PMA, Oh Hail to Thee
The PMA alma mater song, "PMA, Oh Hail to Thee" was composed by Class '40 batchmates, Quirico Evangelista (music) and Reynaldo Mendoza (lyrics).
The words of the anthem profess the persistent safeguard of personal honor as the absolute duty of each cadet. All cadets and cavaliers of the academy have to memorize the lyrics and sing the song correctly.
World War II
When World War II broke out, Reynaldo Mendoza was an intelligence officer of the 1st Coast Artillery Battalion. During the Japanese occupation of the Philippines, he was a prisoner of war from 1943-1944 in Camp O'Donnell, arriving there via the Bataan Death March.
Throughout the campaign to liberate the country from Imperial Japanese forces from 1944-1945, Mendoza served in the United States Army Forces in the Philippines – Northern Luzon (USAFIP-NL) Guerilla Unit as a staff officer.
Philippine Expeditionary Forces to Korea (PEFTOK)
The Philippines was the third United Nations member country (after the USA and the United Kingdom), and the first Asian nation, to send combat troops to the Korean War in 1950.
The Philippines Expeditionary Forces to Korea served in the Korean War. From 1950 to 1955, five Battalion Combat Teams (BCT) served in Korea. Reynaldo Mendoza led the 2nd BCT. This battalion was one of the most combat-experienced in the anti-Huk campaign. It arrived in Korea in April 1954 and trained in new weapons and combat techniques. It extended peacekeeping and reconstruction work while providing humanitarian aid to South Koreans. Mendoza succeeded commander Colonel Antonio de Veyra.
Intelligence Agencies, PMA, and NDCP
After the Korean War, Reynaldo Mendoza would proceed to assume several public service positions in education, research, and intelligence agencies. With Luciano Gunabe, he wrote Leadership for Filipinos, a book intended for the military, in 1956. Mendoza was the Chief of Intelligence (G-2) and Commanding Officer of the Intelligence Service of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (ISAFP) from 1959 to 1962. He then assumed the post of Deputy Director in the National Intelligence Coordinating Agency (NICA) for the next two years. He also chaired the South East Asia Treaty Organization's (SEATO) 6th Meeting of Security Experts in Bangkok.
In 1964, he became the 4th President of the National Defense College of the Philippines. In 1966, he was appointed as the new Superintendent of the Philippine Military Academy (PMA). In this same year, on September 11, he was promoted by President Marcos from Colonel to Brigadier General.
Retirement
On August 15, 1967, President Marcos retired the services of Reynaldo Mendoza, together with seven other generals, who were holding commands in the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP), but were serving past the compulsory retirement period, as part of a major revamp of the armed forces.
From 1972 to 1981, the Philippines was under martial law of Ferdinand Marcos. Mendoza was already retired but had not lost his influence. When Mendoza's nephew was arrested and abused by the Marcos' military forces, he recounted that the torture stopped after the Constabulary Security Unit's head, who used to serve under Mendoza, found out about their kinship. In 1985, Marcos signed the Administrative Order 501 to create a Board of Generals and Colonels that will study the reorganization of the AFP. The Board included Fidel Ramos and Fabian Ver, among others, and retired generals like Mendoza and Ernesto Mata. They acted as an advisory body to the President on policy matters affecting the organization and management of military resources.
When President Aquino came to power in 1986, several coup attempts were plotted against her during the first four years of her presidency. Mendoza and other members of his class opposed the coups and refused to participate in them despite being asked to.
Decorations and Honors
Throughout his military career, Reynaldo Mendoza received three Distinguished Service Stars, four Military Merit Medals, two Philippine Presidential Unit Citations, two US Presidential Unit Citations, a Korean Republic Presidential Unit Citation, two Long Service Medals, several Campaign Medals from the Philippines and the USA, and the Ulchi Distinguished Military Service Medal (second highest decoration awarded by the Republic of Korea for military merit) for his service as Commander of the 2nd BCT during the Korean War.
At a special ceremony marking the 60th anniversary of the Korean War in 2010, Mendoza was one of the 14 Filipinos honored with the Korean War Hero Medal, presented by the Republic of Korea for their contributions during the Korean War. Other notable awardees include former president Fidel Ramos, the late Senator Ninoy Aquino Jr., and Captain Conrado Yap.
The PEFTOK Korean War Memorial Hall, where names of all the Filipinos who served in Korea from 1950 to 1955 are displayed on floor panels, was inaugurated on March 29, 2012.
Personal life and education
Reynaldo Mendoza was born in Aparri, Cagayan Valley, Philippines. He is the son of Martin Sanidad Mendoza and Esperanza Arce. He has 5 children with his wife Lilia Moran. When he died in June 2001, he was entitled to be buried in the Libingan ng mga Bayani but he preferred to be buried next to his kin at the Himlayang Pilipino Memorial Park.
Alma Mater
Mendoza's education consisted of the following:
1936 – 1940 Philippine Military Academy, Baguio, Philippines
1947 – 1948 Armored Force School (now the United States Army Armor School), Fort Knox, Kentucky, USA
1949 – 1950 University of Santo Tomas, Philippines
1950 – 1951 University of the Philippines
1958 Command & General Staff College, Ft Leavenworth, Kansas, USA 1958
1961 Industrial College of the Armed Forces (now Dwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource Strategy), D.C., USA
References
1917 births
2001 deaths
Philippine Army generals
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Star
Philippine Military Academy Class of 1940
Alto Molocue District is a district of Zambezia Province in Mozambique. It covers, 6,368 km2 and has a population of, 278,064.
References
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Zambezia Province
Hubert J. Charles (born 23 October 1948) is a Dominican diplomat and educator. He is the current ambassador of Dominica to the Organization of American States and to the United States.
Charles was born in Portsmouth, Dominica and grew up on the island. He graduated from the Dominica Grammar School in 1969. He earned a B.A. in history and economics from the University of the West Indies in Barbados in 1972, and then taught history and commerce at Dominica Grammar School from September 1972 to July 1974. In 1977, he earned an M.A. in Atlantic history and culture from Johns Hopkins University in the United States.
After completing his education, Charles served from July to October 1977 as Assistant Secretary in the Ministry of Education, Sports and Culture in the Dominican government. He next served as the headmaster of the Dominica Grammar School from October 1977 to June 1981. Charles was appointed Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Education, Sports and Culture and held that position from January 1981 to December 1985.
Charles served as an Advisor on Special Programs to the Organization of Eastern Caribbean States from June 1986 to October 1995. Between 1991 and 2006, he also served in various posts in UNESCO in the Caribbean and Africa. In January 1991, he became the UNESCO Representative to Barbados and the Eastern Caribbean, based in Bridgetown, Barbados. In November 1995, he became the UNESCO Educational Advisor in Pretoria, South Africa, serving until April 1998. In June 1998 he became the UNESCO Representative and Head of Office in Maputo, Mozambique, serving until December 2000. Finally, in January 2001, he became the UNESCO Representative and Director of the Office for the Economic Community of West African States, serving in Abuja, Nigeria until October 2006.
Charles returned to Dominica in late 2006. He served as President of Dominica State College from May 2007 until early 2010. He was appointed Ambassador to the U.S. as Permanent Representative to the Organization of American States in June 2010.
Works
Advocacy and Change: Promoting Innovative Approaches to Education and Culture (2008), an essay collection
References
.
Ambassadors of Dominica to the United States
Dominica educators
1948 births
Living people
UNESCO officials
Permanent Representatives of Dominica to the Organization of American States
University of the West Indies alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
People from Saint John Parish, Dominica
Dominica officials of the United Nations
(born October 13, 1975) is an athlete from Japan. He competes in the triathlon.
Nishiuchi competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He took forty-sixth place with a total time of 1:56:59.76.
Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Nishiuchi competed again. He placed thirty-second with a time of 1:57:43.51.
References
Sports Reference
1975 births
Living people
Japanese male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Japan
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
20th-century Japanese people
21st-century Japanese people
Lee Doo-yong (born December 24, 1942) is a South Korean film director. Since his debut in 1969 with the film The Lost Wedding Veil (1970), Lee has made more than 60 films in a wide array of genres. In the 1970s, he introduced Korean-style action films, including The Korean Connection (1974) and Left Foot of Wrath (1974). His film Mulleya Mulleya (1984) created great controversy in the Korean media as well as in the West, due to the graphic portrayal of a woman's subjugated life during the Yi Dynasty.
Filmography
As director
The Lost Wedding Veil (1970)
Is Your Husband Like This Too? (1971)
A Sudden Calamity (1971)
My Older Brother (sequel) (1971)
A Guilty Woman (1971)
A Chinese Ghost (1971)
Some Married Couple (1971)
Don't Go (1972)
Where Should I Go? (1972)
Ever smiling Mr. Park (1972)
I Will Give It All (1972)
A Warrant for an Arrest (1973)
The General in Red Robes (1973)
Manchurian Tiger (1974)
Bridge of Death (1974)
A Little Bird (1974)
The Korean Connection (1974)
Returned Single-Legged Man 2 (1974)
Left Foot of Wrath (1974)
A Betrayer (1974)
Disarmament (1975)
At The Risk of Life (1975)
Byeong-Tae's Impressive Days (1975)
Black Night (1975)
Bruce Lee Fights Back from the Grave (1976)
Secret Agents 2 (1977)
44th Street, New York (1977)
The Early Years (1977)
Confession of Life or Death (1978)
The Last Heist (1979)
Rely on Your Brother (1979)
Muldori Village (1979)
49 Days in Hell (1979)
Police Story (1979)
Three Women Under the Umbrella (1980)
The Last Witness (1980)
Two Heroes (1980)
The Haunted Villa (1981)
The Hut (1981)
The Trouble-solving Broker (1982)
The Swamp of Desire (1982)
Strange Relationship (1983)
Mulleya Mulleya (1984)
Day and Night (1984)
The Oldest Son (1985)
The Fool (1985)
Mulberry (1986)
The Fool 2 (1986)
Eunuch (1986)
Highway (1987)
Karma (1988)
Mulberry 2 (1989)
Silent Assassins (1989)
Road to Cheongsong Prison (1990)
Black Snow (1991)
Mulberry 3 (1992)
Pro at Love, Amateur at Marriage (1994)
The Great Hunter G. J. (1995)
L'Amour (1999)
Arirang (2003)
A Journey with Korean Masters (2013)
As screenwriter
The Lost Wedding Veil (1970)
The General in Red Robes (1973)
Manchurian Tiger (1974)
Rely on Your Brother (1979)
The Oldest Son (1985)
The Fool 2 (1986)
Karma (1988)
Black Snow (1991)
The Great Hunter G. J. (1995)
L'Amour (1999)
Arirang (2003)
Awards
1983 22nd Grand Bell Awards: Best Director (Mulleya Mulleya)
1990 10th Korean Association of Film Critics Awards: Best Director (Road to Cheongsong Prison)
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
South Korean film directors
South Korean screenwriters
South Korean film producers
Best Director Paeksang Arts Award (film) winners
Technically speaking, Paraguayan law prohibits discrimination on grounds of gender, race, language, disability, or social status, but there is nonetheless widespread discrimination.
Under Paraguayan law, freedom of speech and of the press are technically guaranteed. The news media are independent and theoretically free to criticize the government, although political officials often sue the media for libel in order to put an end to undesirable investigations. Journalists are also frequently “subjected to harassment, intimidation, and violence – primarily from drug trafficking gangs and criminal syndicates based in departments bordering Brazil – due to their reporting.” The government does not limit Internet access or academic freedom; freedom of assembly is restricted, with demonstrations allowed only at certain times and places. Paraguayans may move freely around the country, travel or move abroad, and move back to Paraguay. The country has accepted political refugees, mostly from Cuba.
Elections are free and fair, although unregistered parties and independent candidates are not allowed to take part in national and departmental elections
Women's rights
Rape and domestic violence are major problems in Paraguay. Rape is punishable by up to 10 years, but police are often hesitant to make arrests. Domestic violence must be “habitual” to be considered criminal. Domestic-violence charges were often withdrawn owing to family pressure. Women technically enjoy equal rights but sexual discrimination, especially in employment and pay, is common and traditional.
Paraguayan law requires that in party primaries at least 20 percent of the candidates in each party must be women. There are women serving at most levels of government.
The Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women called on Paraguay in 2011 to conduct “awareness-raising and public educational campaigns...with a view to bring about changes in traditional attitudes associated with discriminatory gender roles in the family and in society at large.” It also suggested that the media and advertisers adopt a “code of conduct” with the goal of avoiding sexual stereotypes and preventing gender discrimination. The committee also called for more vigorous prosecution of perpetrators of violence against women and intensified efforts to raise awareness throughout Paraguay of the inappropriateness of such activity. It also urged Paraguay to set quotas to ensure increased participation by women in politics and diplomacy.
The UN Human Rights Committee called on Paraguay in 2006 to “ensure that legislation protecting against gender discrimination is enforced and that the institutions created for that purpose are adequately financed for effective operation.” It also asked Paraguay “to ensure equal working conditions for men and women and to increase participation by women in all areas of public and private life.” As for Paraguay's “restrictive abortion laws,” the committee asked Paraguay to “take effective action to reduce infant and maternal mortality by, inter alia, revising its legislation on abortion ...and ensuring that contraceptives are available to the general public, especially in rural areas.”
Migrants' rights
The Committee on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families recommended in 2012 that Paraguay “strengthen its institutional structure for dealing with migration-related issues” and “establish a coordination mechanism with a view to improving services for migrant workers and their families while, at the same time, working to ensure its compliance with and the uniformity of regional and international treaties to which Paraguay is party.” The committee also urged Paraguay to take more serious steps to combat human trafficking
Indigenous people's rights
Paraguay is a signatory of Convention 169 Indigenous and Tribal People's Convention of the
International Labour Organization (ILO) and of the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP). The rights of indigenous people are supposed to be safeguarded by the National Institute of the Indigenous (INDI), the Public Ministry, and the Ombudsman's Office. Nonetheless, discrimination against indigenous persons is widespread, and such persons' rights, especially their property rights, are often violated by authorities. Although indigenous people are permitted to serve in government, moreover, there are no such persons in any higher-level government position.
As Amnesty International put it in a 2012 report, there is “wide international recognition of the fact that Indigenous Peoples in Paraguay suffer serious and systematic violation of their rights.” The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), the UN Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, the ILO, the UN Special Rapporteur on Indigenous Peoples, and the Inter-American Commission and Court of Human Rights have all expressed concern about the land rights of indigenous people in Paraguay; such groups as Tierraviva, CODEHUPY, the Catholic Bishops' Conference and the Coordinator for the Self-Determination of Indigenous Peoples (Coordinadora por la Autodeterminación de los Pueblos Indígenas, CAPI) have criticized indigenous people's displacement from their tribal lands. Also, the National Federation of Workers (Confederación Nacional de Trabajadores, CNT) has criticized the failure to consult indigenous persons on laws affecting their rights.
The UN Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination called on Paraguay in 2012 to protect indigenous people's rights, especially land claims. In the same year, Amnesty International suggested that “approving and implementing anti-discrimination legislation that adheres to international human rights standards would play an important role in promoting Indigenous Peoples' rights and in requiring concrete actions to uphold them.”
Children's rights
Paraguayan nationality is acquired by being born in Paraguay, or to citizens temporarily living abroad, or government employees serving abroad. A 2010 report by the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child complained that many children in Paraguay, however, are unregistered.
Child abuse and neglect are widespread, as is child labor. The U.S. Department of Labor's List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor reported 5 goods produced under such working conditions in Paraguay. These included the production of bricks, the quarrying of stone, the production of cotton and sugarcane as well as pornography. The National Commission to Prevent and Eradicate the Exploitation of Children, the Secretariat for Children and Adolescents (SNNA), and the Integral Adolescent Attention Service seek to protect children and adolescents from abuse. There are hostels, shelters, and children's homes and orphanages around the country.
A major problem is the sexual exploitation of children, many of whom work as prostitutes. Adults who pimp out child prostitutes are punishable by up to eight years. For opposite-sex statutory rape, the maximum penalty is a fine; for same-sex statutory rape, a prison sentence. These laws are not vigorously enforced, however.
The UN Human Rights Committee called on Paraguay in 2006 “to ensure respect for children's rights, including urgent steps to eradicate child labour.” An extensive 2010 report by the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child made a series of urgent proposals regarding the human rights of children in Paraguay, including calls for major improvement in official approaches to the abuse, sexual exploitation, and trafficking of children, in the prevention of child labour, and in children's access to health care, education, and proper nutrition.
Paraguay is a signatory of the 1980 Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction.
Rights of persons with disabilities
Technically it is illegal in Paraguay to discriminate against disabled people, but discrimination is widespread, and there is no law requiring buildings or transport to be wheelchair accessible. For this reason most disabled children are unable to attend school. A law requires 5 percent of government jobs to be filled by disabled persons, but in practice fewer than one percent of such jobs are held by persons with disabilities.
LGBT rights
Officially, discrimination against gays is illegal, though discrimination is widespread, and government officials often ignore the law in practice. LGBT groups operate freely, and the government issues permits and provides security for gay-pride marches. Even though the state provides security for gay-pride marches and gatherings recently these marches and gatherings have led to clashes between the police and the paraders that have accused the government of discriminating them after some homophobic statements made by Colorado and UNACE congressmen.
Employee rights
Paraguayan law allows unions, strikes, and collective bargaining, and forbids binding arbitration. In practice, however, employers act with impunity against strikers and unions. The law also prohibits
forced labor, but in practice it is widespread. Labor by children under 14 is illegal, but it is actually widespread, As of 2010, slightly over half of Paraguayan children between ages five and 17 are in employment, with the majority of them working over 14 hours a week. There are known to be slaves in Paraguay, especially among domestic servants; parents sell children to perform forced labor, smuggle drugs, and commit other crimes. Enforcement of laws against these activities is hampered by a lack of resources.
There is a minimum wage, but it is unenforced. There is also a standard workweek, but violations abound.
Institutionalized corruption
Police officers are frequently involved in crime. Paraguayan police have been described in a 2010 U.S. State Department report as “poorly trained, inadequately funded, generally corrupt, and shielded by impunity.” Policemen commit kidnappings, detain civilians in order to extort bribes, and conspire with prosecutors to commit blackmail and other crimes. The report refers to “routine incidents of police involvement in homicide, arms and narcotics trafficking, car theft, robbery, extortion, and kidnapping throughout the country, with such abuses particularly widespread in Ciudad del Este and other areas bordering Brazil.” Between 2008 and 2010, several police officers were arrested for or found guilty of various acts of murder and manslaughter. Some kidnappings have resulted in disappearances. Paraguayan law prohibits torture, but some police officers and other government officials engage in it anyway. The State Department report mentions that “some security forces and government prosecutors” in Paraguay, “acting in official capacity but without government knowledge or support,” may have “occasionally killed individuals for personal gain.”
Although candidates for public office are supposed to issue financial disclosures, many do not. Extortion is common at many levels of Paraguayan society. Military officers have routinely extorted money from their subordinates, and Civil Registry Office officials have demanded money illegally for performing standard services.
In practice, official corruption is rarely punished.
Rights of prisoners
Paraguayan prisons are not up to international standards. Conditions have been described as “deplorable.” Among the problems are “violence, mistreatment, overcrowding, inadequate and poorly trained staff, deteriorating infrastructure, unsanitary living conditions, poor food safety standards, and inadequate medical and psychological care.” Some inmates actually have weapons. Deaths while in custody are not uncommon. Certain prisoners demand bribes from visitors in order to arrange contact with the inmates they are visiting. As of 2010. about 30 percent of the inmates in Paraguayan prisons should, according to the country's constitution, have been released already but were still being held pending a judge's order. Inmates can receive better accommodations in exchange for regular payments. In 2010, it was discovered that inmates in one prison were blackmailing underage girls to come to the prison to videotape sex acts. It was alleged that some prison officials, including the warden and clergy working in the prison, were involved in this activity.
Some juvenile offenders are imprisoned in adult prisons. Paraguay permits the media, human-rights groups, the Red Cross, and other organizations to visit prisons and monitor conditions. A National Commission on Prison Reform was created in 2010.
A group of international human-rights organizations issued a statement in December 2012 denouncing
“the health plight of 10 farmers who have been on a hunger strike for nearly two months after being arbitrarily detained in the prison of Coronel Oviedo, Caaguazú department, Paraguay.” The strikers were described as “part of a group of 54 people who have been arbitrarily charged with seven criminal charges including offense of murder, attempted murder, serious injury, criminal association, grave coercion, coercion and invasion.” The statement listed a series of violations of Paraguayan law that had been made in connection with this case.
Human-rights ombudsman
The UN Committee on Torture called on Paraguay in 2011 to appoint a replacement for the nation's human-rights ombudsman, whose mandate had expired. The committee also expressed concern that the office of ombudsman had insufficient resources, and called on Paraguay to “equip the Office of the
Ombudsman with sufficient financial, material and human resources to carry out its mandate effectively and independently, in accordance with the Paris Principles.”
References
- Paraguay
External links
Freedom of expression in Paraguay - IFEX
See the PARAGUAY page in the pro Justice and Democracy website Habeas-Corpus.net
Caprock is an unincorporated community in Lea County, New Mexico, United States. Caprock is located on a geological formation in the high plains, approximately 47 miles east of Roswell. U.S. Route 380 passes through the community. It was founded by Edward Crossland, who planted the cottonwoods in the area, in 1913. A post office was established in 1916 but is closed. Caprock's school closed in 1927. Caprock today consists solely of a country store (without gasoline service), two ranches, and a TV transmission tower.
Points of interest
KOBR-TV Tower
References
Unincorporated communities in New Mexico
Unincorporated communities in Lea County, New Mexico
Lessons for Women (), also translated as Admonitions for Women, Women's Precepts, or Warnings for Women, is a work by the Han dynasty female intellectual Ban Zhao. As one of the Four Books for Women, Lessons had wide circulation in the late Ming and Qing dynasties. Ban Zhao made the "Admonitions for Women" for her daughters.
Outline
Lesson outlines the four virtues a woman must abide by, proper virtue, proper speech, proper countenance, and proper conduct. The book itself describes the status and position of women in society. It is a small book and many women had the sections memorized. The book contains only 7 chapters as outlined below.
Contents
Precepts for Women
Ban Zhao also wrote on the four desired "Precepts for Women" which were intended to guide women in society. These precepts were: womanly virtue, womanly speech, womanly manner, and womanly merit.
See also
Book of Han
References
External links
Chinese Cultural Studies: "Lessons for a Woman"
Chinese literature
Kuritsyn (, from курица meaning chicken) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kuritsyna. It may refer to
Fyodor Kuritsyn, Russian statesman, philosopher and a poet
Svetlana Kuritsyna, Russian journalist
Russian-language surnames
Steinbach am Donnersberg is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The current mayor is Susanne Röß, elected in 2019.
References
Donnersbergkreis
Karl Hoschna (1876–1911) was a Tin Pan Alley-era composer most noted for his songs "Cuddle up a Little Closer, Lovey Mine", "Every Little Movement" and "Yama Yama Man", and for a string of successful Broadway musicals.
Hoschna was born on 16 August 1876 in Kuschwarda, Bohemia, and educated in Austria at the Vienna Conservatory of Music, specializing in the oboe. He graduated with honors and became an oboist in the Austrian army band.
He emigrated to the United States in 1896 and joined the Victor Herbert orchestra as an oboe soloist.
Hoschna married Hettie Hug; they had three daughters.
Hoschna abandoned the oboe because he believed the vibration of the oboe's double-reed was affecting his mind, and became a copyist for the Witmark Music Publishing Co., where he selected songs for publication and was an arranger.
With Otto Harbach, Harry B. Smith, Charles Noel Douglas, Mark Swan, Benjamin Hapgood Burt, William C. Duncan, and others, he collaborated on a series of Broadway musical comedies, which included:
1905: Belle of the West
1905: The Daughter of the Desert
1907: The Girl from Broadway
1908: Three Twins, which provided Bessie McCoy ("The Yama Yama Girl") with her signature song "The Yama Yama Man", and introduced Cuddle Up A Little Closer.
1908: Prince Humbug
1909: The Silver Star
1910: Katy Did
1910: Bright Eyes
1910: The Echo, incorporated Hoschna's song "I Don't Want to Be a Soldier Boy"
1910: Madame Sherry, in which Every Little Movement was introduced.
1910: Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford (The main composer was George M. Cohan; Hoschna was represented by a selection from Madame Sherry)
1911: Jumping Jupiter
1911: Dr. De Luxe
1911: The Girl of My Dreams
1912: The Wall Street Girl
After his death, his music was used in:
1917: Miss 1917 (the song "Yama Yama Man", with lyrics by Collin Davis)
1980: Tintypes (the song "Electricity", with lyrics by Harry B. Smith)
Hoschna was inducted into Tin Pan Alley's Hall of Fame in 1908.
Hoschna died before completing the music for The Wall Street Girl, which featured Blanche Ring, her brother Cyril Ring, and Will Rogers, Jr.
Hoschna's popular songs include:
"Bright Eyes"
"Cuddle Up a Little Closer"
"Girl of My Dreams"
"Yama Yama Man"
"Every Little Movement"
"The Mood You're In"
Hoschna died on 23 December 1911 in New York City, leaving an estate of $6,424, and was buried 26 December 1911 at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York.
References
External links
music by Karl Hoschna at the "National Jukebox"
1876 births
1911 deaths
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
American musical theatre composers
Songwriters from New York (state)
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to the United States
German Bohemian people
People from Prachatice District
The first season of Canada's Drag Race premiered on July 2, 2020. The cast was announced on May 14, 2020. The winner of the first season of Canada's Drag Race was Priyanka, with Rita Baga and Scarlett BoBo as runners-up.
Casting occurred in mid-2019 with production starting in fall 2019. On September 26, 2019, it was announced that the judges panel will include RuPaul's Drag Race season 11 runner-up Brooke Lynn Hytes, actor Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman and fashion model Stacey McKenzie. Bell Media personality Traci Melchor also appeared as a recurring cast member, with the title "Canada's Squirrel Friend"; her role entailed participatory support in challenges, including co-judging the Canada Gay-M mini-challenge, hosting a sheTalk red carpet segment prior to Snatch Game, and serving as one of the judges of the Miss Loose Jaw pageant. Melchor also appeared as the special guest host for the season finale.
The season consisted of ten one-hour episodes.
The Season 1 queens participated in a Canada's Drag Race Anniversary Extravaganza reunion special, airing on Crave September 6, 2021 in advance of the second season launch.
Contestants
(Ages, names, and cities stated are at time of filming.)
Contestant progress
Lip syncs
Guests
Guest hosts
The guest host of a Canada's Drag Race episode performs much of RuPaul's role in a regular Ru-hosted season, including the introductions to the runway and Lip Sync for Your Life segments, and delivers commentary as a judge, but does not have a direct say in determining the winners or losers of the challenges and lipsyncs. Except for Michelle Visage, who appeared because of her role as a regular judge on the original RuPaul's Drag Race, all other guest hosts were Canadian actors, musicians or media personalities. Season 1 guest hosts included:
Elisha Cuthbert
Jade Hassouné
Deborah Cox
Evan Biddell
Mary Walsh
Tom Green
Allie X
Amanda Brugel
Michelle Visage
Traci Melchor
Special guests
Several guests appeared in episodes, but did not judge on the main stage. Photographer Matt Barnes appeared in Episode 1. Singer Ralph and choreographer Hollywood Jade appeared in Episodes 3 and 10. Episode 5 featured Colin McAllister and Justin Ryan, interior decorators and television presenters. Crystal, a contestant from the first series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK appeared in Episode 6. The seventh episode featured actor and producer Stefan Brogren as well as drag queen Michelle DuBarry. Comedian Sabrina Jalees appeared in Episode 9.
Pit Crew
The show's Pit Crew attracted media attention for including Mina Gerges, who was the first plus-size man to be featured in the Pit Crew on any edition of the series, and Travis L'Henaff, an HIV-positive model and activist who has been featured in HIV/AIDS awareness campaigns in Canada. Other members included Ming Yao, Seth Falk and Evan Boutsov.
Episodes
<onlyinclude>{{Episode table|background= #B30427 | overall=6 |season= 6 |title= 23 |airdate= 16 |episodes=
{{Episode list/sublist|Canada's Drag Race (season 1)
|EpisodeNumber = 2
|EpisodeNumber2 =2
|Title = Her-itage Moments
|OriginalAirDate =
|ShortSummary = For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will get into quick drag and audition for a role as a ballerina in The Nutsmacker. Anastarzia Anaquway and BOA win the mini-challenge and become team captains for the main challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will overact in parodies of Heritage Minutes. Anastarzia chooses Kiara, Lemon, Rita Baga and Tynomi Banks for her team, and they star in "I Smell Burnt Tucks". BOA chooses Ilona Verley, Jimbo, Kyne, Priyanka and Tynomi Banks for her team, and they star in "The Muffragettes".
On the runway, category is Not My First Time, a recreated look from one of their first times in drag. Jimbo, Kiara, Lemon and Priyanka receive positive critiques, with Lemon winning the challenge. BOA, Kyne and Tynomi Banks receive negative critiques, with BOA being safe. Kyne and Tynomi Banks lip-sync to "If You Could Read My Mind" by Ultra Naté, Amber, and Jocelyn Enriquez. Tynomi Banks wins the lip sync and Kyne sashays away.
Guest Host: Jade Hassouné
Mini-Challenge: Get into quick drag and audition for a role as a ballerina in The Nutsmacker
Mini-Challenge Winner: Anastarzia Anaquay and BOA
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $1,000 gift certificate from Wigs And Grace
Main Challenge: Overact in parodies of Heritage Minutes, "The Muffragettes" and "I Smell Burnt Tucks"
Runway Theme: Not My First Time
Challenge Winner: Lemon
Main Challenge Prize: $5,000 worth of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics
Bottom Two: Kyne and Tynomi Banks
Lip Sync Song: "If You Could Read My Mind" by Ultra Naté, Amber, and Jocelyn Enriquez
<span style="color:red">Eliminated: Kyne </span>Farewell message': "I love you Tynomi I love you all Think of me fondly, now that I've said goodbye. ♡ -Kyne" |LineColor = #B30427
}}
}}</onlyinclude>
Post-production
Drag Ball and Drag Superstars
Separately from the production of the series, all of the queens from the season participated in Pride events for both Pride Toronto and Fierté Montreal, presented as online streaming specials due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada. The Toronto event, Drag Ball presented by Crave, was streamed on June 27, and the Montreal event, Drag Superstars, was streamed on August 14. The Toronto special was directly produced by Crave; the Montreal event was produced by a separate company, but received some production assistance and sponsorship from Crave and the Canada's Drag Race'' production team.
Canada's Drag Race Live at the Drive-In
Following the conclusion of the season, the cast announced a cross-Canada tour, to be performed at drive-in venues due to the ongoing social distancing restrictions remaining in place during the COVID-19 pandemic. Brooke Lynn Hytes hosted, and Priyanka, Scarlett Bobo and Rita Baga were scheduled to appear at every date on the tour, while other cast members would perform at selected dates based on availability; ultimately, however, both Priyanka and Brooke Lynn Hytes had to miss a couple of later dates after being forced to self-isolate due to COVID-19 exposure.
Priyanka, Scarlett Bobo, Rita Baga and Jimbo also participated in an online panel as part of the 2020 Just for Laughs festival.
Awards
References
2020 Canadian television seasons
2020 in LGBT history
Canada's Drag Race seasons
The following is a list of episodes for the Australian television programme, Crownies.
, 22 original episodes of Crownies have aired.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2011)
References
External links
List of episodes at abc.net.au
Lists of Australian drama television series episodes
Evgenia Filonenko (, born 12 August 1982) is a Ukrainian former pair skater. She competed with Igor Marchenko and Aleksandr Chestnikh. With Marchenko, she placed 11th at the 1998 Winter Olympics. They won two medals at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships, a silver in 1996 and a bronze in 1995. They are the 1998 Ukrainian national champions.
After her partnership with Marchenko dissolved, Filonenko paired up with Aleksandr Chestnikh to skate for Georgia. They competed at the 2000 World Figure Skating Championships and European Figure Skating Championships, placing 16th both times.
She is the first cousin of Julia Obertas.
Results
(with Marchenko)
References
Skatabase: Junior Worlds
Skatabase: 1998 Olympics
External links
Pairs on Ice: Evgeni Filonenko / Igor Marchenko
Pairs on Ice: Evgenia Filonenko / Aleksandr Chestnikh
Ukrainian female pair skaters
Female pair skaters from Georgia (country)
Olympic figure skaters of Ukraine
Figure skaters at the 1998 Winter Olympics
1982 births
Living people
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Dnipro
The Diocese of Gallese (Latin: Dioecesis Gallesina) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Gallese near the city of Viterbo in the Province of Viterbo. In 1805, it was united with the Diocese of Civita Castellana e Orte to form the Diocese of Civita Castellana, Orte e Gallese. It was restored as a Titular Episcopal See in 1991.
Ordinaries
Girolamo Garimberti (Galimbertu) (1563-1575 Died)
Gabriele de Alexandris, O.P. (1566-1569 Resigned)
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Surbhi Javeri Vyas is an Indian actress and model, known mononymously as Surabhi, who predominantly worked in South Indian films, especially Telugu films. She is currently working as a Gujarati Theatre artist and a television actress in Hindi serials. Some of her better known works include Chenkol and Palnati Pourusham.
Personal life
Surbhi Javeri is married to Dharmesh Vyas, a Gujarati actor and an assistant director with whom she shared the stage in a number of Gujarati plays like Aaradhna, Rupiyo Nach Nachave, Tamara Bhai Fulltoo Fatak, Bhale Padharya and Pachi Kaheta Nahi Ke Kahyu Nahotu.
A Gujarati television reality show called Premno Prime Time produced by film actor and producer Kamlesh Oza was nearly based on their real life journey.
Filmography
Television
References
External links
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses from Mumbai
Female models from Mumbai
Living people
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Kannada cinema
21st-century Indian actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
Actresses in Hindi television
Indian television actresses
20th-century Indian actresses
Only Heaven is the fourth album by Industrial band The Young Gods. It was released in 1995 on Interscope Records.
Accolades
The information regarding accolades acquired from AcclaimedMusic.net
Track listing
"Outside" - 0:31
"Strangel" - 3:07
"Speed of Night" - 6:00
"Donnez Les Esprits" - 6:17
"Moon Revolutions" - 16:35
"Kissing the Sun" - 4:30
"The Dreamhouse" - 4:52
"Lointaine" - 4:20
"Gardez Les Esprits" - 1:08
"Child in the Tree" - 4:35
"Kissing The Sun (Orange Mix)" - 9:18 (bonus track on some releases)
Chart performance
Album
Personnel
The Young Gods
Urs Hiestand – drums
Alain Monod – keyboards
Franz Treichler – vocals
Additional musicians and production
Erwin Autique – engineering
Yaron Fuchs – engineering
Chris Laidlaw – assistant engineering
Roli Mosimann – production, mixing
Gary Townsley – assistant engineering
Howie Weinberg – mastering
Footnotes
The Young Gods albums
Albums produced by Roli Mosimann
1995 albums
Operation Icarus is a police investigation into the organised theft and black market trade of religious and church artefacts in England and Wales. The investigation, led by West Mercia Police, commenced in 2013 and has subsequently been declared a major incident. According to ArtWatch UK — an organisation which campaigns for the protection of works of art and architecture — the investigation has uncovered "the systematic plundering of churches in England and Wales [that] has gone largely unnoticed for up to ten years." Detective Inspector Martyn Barnes, head of the operation, said: "Some of the items that have been taken are described as priceless because they are unique. Some of them may fetch tens of thousands of pounds on the black market; others go for £50, £60. We believe that some of these crimes date back to 2002—2003."
International art crime is "a $6 billion a year business" according to the United Nations, and "the fourth most lucrative sector in international crime after drugs, money laundering and illegal arms shipments." Around 8% of all stolen art worldwide is taken from churches. In England and Wales the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) Heritage and Cultural Property Crime Working Group estimates the theft of art and antiques to be worth around £300 million, "second only to drug dealing and more costly than the theft of stolen vehicles."
History
Operation Icarus was launched in 2013 by West Mercia Police (WMP) following the recovery by the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) of several stolen religious artefacts. The MPS had received information from HM Revenue and Customs relating to the illegal importation of a gorilla's head by an art collector in South London. When police confronted the collector they also found two 15th century decorative oak panels and a 13th-century stone memorial. The oak panels, depicting St Victor of Marseille and St Margaret of Antioch, were identified as priceless parts of a medieval rood screen from Holy Trinity Church, Torbryan, Devon, and had been stolen in August 2013. The stone was identified as a "heart stone" which had marked the place where the Bishop of Hereford John de Breton's heart was interred in the wall of Dore Abbey, Golden Valley, Herefordshire. It had been stolen in September 2012.
As the force responsible for Herefordshire, WMP took over and interviewed the collector, widening the investigation to include art dealers and internet sales. The operation discovered that "for at least six years, and more likely for a decade, a person — or persons — had been targeting remote, often unlocked, churches and stripping them of precious artefacts." Searching eBay, police discovered at least one stolen artefact for sale on the internet auction site: a 14th-century stone carving depicting the head of Robert de Wakering, stolen from All Saints Church, Newland, Gloucestershire, in 2012. Detective Sergeant Andy Bennett said that while some thieves are "taking pot luck and taking whatever they can steal" others are stealing specific items to order. DI Barnes said that art dealers purchasing stolen artefacts "were not doing enough to ensure that objects were on the market legitimately.... Our general consensus is that their records are woefully inadequate. They say they comply with the law and they probably do — just — but do they turn a blind eye? I would say, yes they do."
Recovered artefacts
Police raids in London, Wales and Kent led to the recovery of around 60 stolen artefacts including stonework, tombstone lids, friezes, statues, paintings, brasses, stained glass panels and 17th-century Bibles. Detective Constable Tony Lewis said that by mid-2015 police were holding over 60 recovered items which were still to be identified and may not even have been reported stolen, adding: "Some items are very small and some have been removed from dark corners or high up in walls. As such, the thefts may not have been noticed. In some cases attempts have been made to cover a theft, with a different item placed where the stolen item was taken from."
The Herefordshire Historic Churches Trust has expressed concerns that some artefacts stolen to order may have already left the country and that while "ownership reverts to the rightful owner in Britain, this is not always the case overseas where a collector who may have bought in good faith can take title." In January 2012 a brass eagle lectern stolen from Holy Cross Church, Ashton Keynes, Wiltshire, was found on sale at an antique fair in Romania. Recovered objects that have been identified and returned to churches by the operation include a 13th-century stone effigy of a knight, stolen from St Michael's Church, Castle Frome, Herefordshire; Saxon stonework stolen from St David's Church, Much Dewchurch, Herefordshire; and a set of 15th-century misericords stolen from St Cuthbert's Church, Holme Lacy, Herefordshire. The misericords were reportedly stolen for sale to collectors in the United States. Following an appeal to the public a 13th-century carved stone head was identified as one stolen from Holy Cross Church in Moreton Morrell, Warwickshire.
Prosecutions
In May 2016, Christopher Cooper, an unemployed antique dealer from Wales, was convicted at Hereford Crown Court of fraud, theft and dealing in tainted cultural objects. He was sentenced to three years and eight months' imprisonment. Although it was introduced as an offence in 2003, this was the first time someone was convicted of 'dealing in tainted cultural objects'. Cooper had carried out the theft of the Torbryan rood screen in 2013, and had "travelled the country taking objects ranging from crucifixes to Anglo-Saxon carvings – and even a stone coffin." He is known to have stolen artefacts from churches in Warwickshire, Herefordshire, south and north Wales, Kent and Suffolk.
In the media
Operation Icarus has featured on several TV programmes to raise public awareness of the ongoing investigation and art theft from churches.
The One Show — broadcast 16 June 2015 on BBC One
Crimewatch Roadshow — broadcast 18 June 2015 on BBC One
See also
Operation Crucible – Police investigation into the organised theft and unlawful trade of metal in England
Churches Conservation Trust
References
Further reading
External links
Archaeological theft
Art and cultural repatriation
Icarus
Stolen works of art
Organised crime in England
Organised crime in Wales
The Schermzaal (, "Fencing Hall") was a sports venue located in Amsterdam, Netherlands. During the 1928 Summer Olympics, it hosted the fencing and the fencing part of the modern pentathlon events.
Designed by architect Jan Wils, the venue contained eight runners, each wide by long. a wing to the building contained eight dressing rooms, a shower, and an administrative room. It was located next to the Olympic Stadium.
The venue has since been demolished.
References
1928 Summer Olympics official report. pp. 202, 205.
Venues of the 1928 Summer Olympics
Defunct sports venues in the Netherlands
Olympic fencing venues
Olympic modern pentathlon venues
Sports venues in Amsterdam
{{Speciesbox
| name = Elegant spider orchid
| image =
| image_caption =
| status_system = EPBC
| status = CR
| genus = Caladenia
| species = elegans
| authority = Hopper & A.P.Br.
| synonyms_ref =
| synonyms = {{collapsible list |
Caladenia elegans N.Hoffman & A.P.Br. nom. inval.
Caladenia elegans Anon. nom. inval., nom. nud.
Caladenia elegans Paczk. & A.R.Chapm. nom. inval.
Caladenia sp. (Northampton) S.D.Hopper 3347
Caladenia sp. 9 (Northampton)
Caladenia sp. Muir (S.D.Hopper 3521) p.p.
Calonema elegans (Hopper & A.P.Br.) D.L.Jones & M.A.Clem.
Calonemorchis elegans (Hopper & A.P.Br.) D.L.Jones & M.A.Clem.
Jonesiopsis elegans (Hopper & A.P.Br.) D.L.Jones & M.A.Clem.
}}
}}Caladenia elegans, commonly known as the elegant spider orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to a small area near the coast of the south-west of Western Australia. It resembles the common spider orchid (C. vulgata) and often grows with it but its flowers are a different colour and C. elegans usually grows in poorly-drained soils. Only about 2,300 plants remained in 2016.
Description Caladenia elegans is a terrestrial, perennial deciduous herb with an underground tuber and which often grows in clumps of up to eight or more plants. It has a single erect, hairy leaf, long and wide.
Up to three lemon-yellow flowers wide are borne on a stalk high. The sepals and petals taper to long thread-like, dark-coloured, drooping tips. The dorsal sepal is erect, long and wide at the base. The lateral sepals are long, wide and curve downwards from the horizontal. The petals are long, wide and also curve downwards. The labellum is long and wide and cream-coloured with red lines, and spots. The edges of the labellum have short, broad teeth and there are two rows of glossy yellow calli along its centre. Flowering occurs from July to August.
This species is similar to C. vulgata but differs in having lemon-yellow flowers and glossy yellow calli. The two species hybridise in a few places.
Taxonomy and naming Caladenia elegans was first described by Stephen Hopper and Andrew Brown in 2001 from a specimen collected by Hopper near Northampton in 1983. The description was published in Nuytsia. The specific epithet (elegans) is a Latin word meaning "elegant" referring to "the attractive flowers".
Distribution and habitat
Elegant spider orchid is only known from near Northhampton where it grows in clay soils that are wet in winter, often near dense, low shrubs in the Geraldton Sandplains biogeographic region. (C. vulgata tends to grow in drier, better-drained soils.)
ConservationCaladenia elegans is listed as "Threatened" in Western Australia under the Biodiversity Conservation Act 2016. Only about 2300 plants remained in 18 populations in a 2016 survey. The main threats to the species are weed invasion and grazing and trampling by pigs and rabbits. It is also classed as "Critically Endangered" under the Commonwealth Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999'' (EPBC) Act.
References
elegans
Orchids of Western Australia
Endemic orchids of Australia
Plants described in 2001
Endemic flora of Western Australia
Taxa named by Andrew Phillip Brown
Alice Frost (August 1, 1910 – January 6, 1998) was an American actress. An inaugural member of Orson Welles's Mercury Theatre on radio and the stage, she later performed the role of Pamela North on the radio series Mr. and Mrs. North for nearly 10 years.
Early years
Alice Dorothy Margaret Frost was born on August 1, 1910, in Minneapolis, Minnesota. She was the youngest of four children. Her father, Rev. John A. Frost, was a Swedish immigrant and served as a minister in the Lutheran church in Mora, Minnesota, and her mother was the church's organist. She attended high school in Mora and was active with the school's newspaper, glee club, drama society, and debate society. She enrolled at the University of Minnesota but had to drop out after her father's death. Later, she studied dramatics and voice for two years at the MacPhail School of Music in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Frost also worked in a department store's credit department.
Radio
Frost debuted on radio at age 16 as a singer, participating in a duet with a friend on a Minneapolis station. By 1933, she was a member of the cast of The Criminal Court. In 1934, she was "one of the ghost voices during CBS-WABC's Forty-Five Minutes In Hollywood." She was an inaugural member of Orson Welles's Mercury Theatre, on radio and on the stage, and was one of his favorite actresses.
An item in a 1939 newspaper noted Frost's "art of mimicry," saying "Alice is known to her friends as 'the girl of a hundred voices'"—a talent which originated from her childhood, when she heard ministers who visited her home "when they returned from their missions in far-off places like Siam, India or Japan... [T]he missionaries delighted in teaching the little girl their various Hindustani, Javanese or Far Eastern dialects." By 1938, she had already played "more than thirty different types of roles." An item in a 1937 newspaper reported: "It's nothing unusual for her to appear in as many as eight networks shows in a week, each one calling for a different role. In quick succession, she has been a comedienne, a tragedian, an ingenue, a mother, a daughter and a witch!"
In the 1930s, Frost was "hostess, secretary, heckler and general all-around actress each Sunday" on Stoopnagle and Budd. Late in that decade, she appeared regularly on Melody and Madness and Undercover Squad.
In 1941, Frost starred in Are You a Missing Heir?. Her other roles as a regular cast member included those show in the table below.
She also was heard in Song of the Stranger, The Shadow, Grand Central Station, The Campbell Playhouse, What Would You Have Done, On Broadway, Famous Jury Trials, Al Pearce and His Gang, David Harum, Lorenzo Jones, Suspense, Aunt Jenny's Real Life Stories, The Fat Man, Romance, The Big Story, Les Misérables, The Mercury Theatre on the Air, Mr. District Attorney, Johnny Presents, The FBI in Peace and War, Don Ameche's True Life Stories, and Columbia Workshop.
Stage
In 1928, Frost appeared on stage in Chautauqua performances, playing Lorelei in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. A year later, she was part of a stock theater company in Miami.
In 1932, she appeared in It's the Law, a farce presented at the Ritz Theater in Scranton, Pennsylvania.
She appeared on Broadway in Green Grow the Lilacs (1931), The Great Lover (1932), As Husbands Go (1933), It's a Wise Child (1933), the Mercury Theatre productions Caesar (1937–38) and The Shoemaker's Holiday (1938), A Roomful of Roses (1955), and The Bad Seed (1955).
In 1967, Frost co-starred with Jack Bailey in a four-week production of Ah, Wilderness! at the Pasadena Playhouse.
Film
Frost had a role in the independent film Damaged Love in 1930. She worked for the Independent Eastern Pictures company.
Television
Frost played Mama Holstrom in 10 episodes of The Farmer's Daughter and Trina on Mama. She appeared in two episodes of Hazel and also had the role of Miss Bickle in the unsold pilot of the comedy His Model Wife. She was also seen on Gunsmoke, Goodyear Theatre, Bus Stop, and The Alcoa Hour.
In the 1960s, Frost appeared in two episodes of The Twilight Zone ("The Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine" and "It's a Good Life"). She also found roles in the decade's popular Westerns, appearing on The Tall Man, The Virginian and in two episodes of both Bonanza and Wagon Train. As the Westerns gave way to the police and detective dramas of the 1970s, Frost found work on such series as Ironside, Adam-12, Police Woman, and Baretta.
Frost's final television work included a 1978 visit to Fantasy Island and a last role in a 1979 episode of Buck Rogers in the 25th Century. That final role brought Frost full circle, as the character of Buck Rogers also first found fame in the 1930s.
Recognition
Frost was named the winner in the Radio category among America's 13 Best Dressed Women for 1941. Winners were "selected in an annual poll of 100 leading designers for the Fashion Academy Awards."
Death
Frost died on January 6, 1998, in Naples, Florida, aged 87.
References
External links
1910 births
1998 deaths
Actresses from Minneapolis
American radio actresses
American television actresses
20th-century American actresses
People from Mora, Minnesota
American stage actresses
American Lutherans
The state forests of Alabama are maintained by the Alabama Forestry Commission.
Current state forests
Former state forests
See also
List of U.S. National Forests
External links
Alabama Forestry Commission
Lists of state forests in the United States
The brown-chested jungle flycatcher (Cyornis brunneatus) is a species of bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae.
It breeds in South China ; its winters in the Malay peninsula.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
This species was previously placed in the genus Rhinomyias but was moved to Cyornis based on the results of a 2010 molecular phylogenetic study.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
brown-chested jungle flycatcher
Birds of South China
brown-chested jungle flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Cajun Bowl was a one-time postseason college football bowl game held in 1947 in Lake Charles, Louisiana. The game featured McNeese State and Magnolia A&M (now known as Southern Arkansas). Magnolia A&M entered the game after posting a season record of 9–2. The final result was a scoreless tie.
Results
References
External links
Defunct college football bowls
American football in Louisiana
McNeese State Cowboys football bowl games
Sports in Lake Charles, Louisiana
1947 in sports in Louisiana
Southern Arkansas Muleriders football
Full Radius Dance is a professional modern dance company in the field of physically integrated dance based in Atlanta. The company features dancers with and without physical disabilities.
Founding
In 1990, founder Douglas Scott established Dance Force, a traditional modern dance company. He began teaching classes for people with disabilities in 1993 through a partnership with VSA Arts of Georgia, and in 1995 formed a sister company for dancers with disabilities called E=Motion. The companies formally merged to create Full Radius Dance in 1998. Douglas Scott continues to serve as artistic and executive director.
Work
Full Radius Dance has created more than 70 repertory works. The company produces two concerts in Atlanta each year, including the Modern Atlanta Dance Festival, performs in festivals, tours, and presents site-specific and community works. Critically acclaimed works choreographed by Artistic Director Douglas Scott include "Passione", "Crawl/Climb", "Touch", "Bar Songs", "It is four years ago and it is yesterday", and "SNAPSHOT". The company's 25th anniversary concert "Silver" premiered in Atlanta, GA in March 2017 and was subsequently performed internationally at the Una Mirada Diferente Festival in Madrid, Spain and in New York City at the Harlem School of the Arts. Their most recent production, 'Tapestry' was heralded as a masterwork by ArtsAtl.
Education
Full Radius Dance offers educational programs, masterclasses, and workshops for all ages. The company also offers professional training in physically integrated dance through apprenticeships, residencies, and a summer intensive.
The Modern Atlanta Dance Festival
Full Radius Dance is the host company of the Modern Atlanta Dance (MAD) Festival. A juried festival, MAD was created in 1995 to present and celebrate the best of Georgia's diverse modern and contemporary dance scene. The MAD Festival is currently presented as two nights of performances. Also under the umbrella of the festival are events such as the 24-hour dance festival and the Pioneer of Atlanta Dance award.
The 24-hour dance festival is a project in which choreographers and dancers are locked in studios for 24 hours to create work. At the end of the 24-hour period, all of these works are presented and then the top two pieces perform their newly created works to open the core show.
The Pioneer of Atlanta Dance award commemorates an individual who has contributed to the regional dance community. Choreographer and modern dance pioneer Ruth Mitchell, former dancer for Jose Limon and Ruth Page and director of Ruth Mitchell Dance Company, was the inaugural recipient in 2015. In 2016, the award was presented to Mozell Spriggs, founder of the Spelman College Dance Program. In 2017, it honored Bobby and Virginia Barnett. Lee Harper is the recipient of the 2018 award.
Over the past two decades, Full Radius Dance has presented more than 65 companies and independent choreographers, and paid over $30,000 in honorariums to MAD participants. Entering its 24th year, the upcoming festival will be held May 2018 at the Balzer Theatre at Herren's in downtown Atlanta.
References
External links
Full Radius Dance website
NCHPAD: Physically Integrated Dance and Full Radius Dance Company
Dance companies in the United States
Dance education in the United States
Modern dance companies
Contemporary dance companies
Physically integrated dance
Dance in Georgia (U.S. state)
HMS Canada was a screw corvette of the Royal Navy. She was launched in 1881 and sold for scrap in 1897. Her bow badge was removed prior to being sold for scrap and is displayed in the Maritime Museum of British Columbia.
Construction
Canada was laid down at Portsmouth Dockyard in 1879, one of nine ships of the Comus class. She was launched on 26 August 1881 and completed later that year.
Design
Planning for six metal-hulled corvettes began in 1876; these became the Comus-class corvettes and were designed for long voyages away from coaling stations. Given a metal hull, its frame was composed of iron or steel. Its hull had copper sheathing over timber beneath the waterline, but that timber simply served to separate the iron hull from the copper sheathing so as to prevent electrolytic corrosion. The timber extended to the upper deck; it was in two layers from the keel to 3 ft (.9 m) above the water line, and one layer above.
It was fitted with 3-cylinder compound engines with one high-pressure cylinder of diameter being flanked by two low-pressure cylinders of diameter. The bow above the waterline was nearly straight, in contrast to that of wooden sailing ships. It had stern galleries, similar to older frigates, but the ports were false, and there were no quarter galleries. Boats were carried both amidships and at the stern. Canada flew a barque or ship rig of sail on three masts, including studding sails on fore and mainmasts.
Between its two complete decks was the open quarterdeck, on which the battery was located. Under the lower deck were spaces for water, provisions, coal, and magazines for shell and powder. Amidships were the engine and boiler rooms. These were covered by an armoured deck, 1.5 inches (38 mm) thick and approximately 100 ft (30 m) long. This armour was about 3 ft (90 cm) below the lower deck, and the space between could be used for additional coal bunkerage. The machinery spaces were flanked by coal bunkers, affording the machinery and magazines some protection from the sides. The lower deck was used for berthing of the ship's company; officers aft, warrant and petty officers forward, and ratings amidships, as was traditional. The tops of the coal bunkers, which projected above deck level, were used for seating at the mess tables. The living spaces were well-ventilated and an improvement over prior vessels.
Service
Canada served on the North America and West Indies Station based at the Royal Naval Dockyard at Bermuda between 1881 and 1886, during which period the future King George V served aboard her as a Royal Navy lieutenant. In 1892, she was refitted at Portsmouth, returning to the North America and West Indies Station between 1893 and 1896. She was paid off into reserve in December 1896.
She was sold in 1897.
Notes
References
External links
1881 ships
Comus-class corvettes
Matachí is a town and seat of the municipality of Matachí, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2010, the town of Matachí had a population of 1,710.
References
Populated places in Chihuahua (state)
The 1951 United Kingdom general election was held twenty months after the 1950 general election, which the Labour Party had won with a slim majority of just five seats. The Labour government called a snap election for Thursday 25 October 1951 in the hope of increasing its parliamentary majority. However, despite winning the popular vote and achieving both the highest-ever total vote (until it was surpassed by the Conservative Party in 1992) and highest percentage vote share, Labour won fewer seats than the Conservative Party. This election marked the return of Winston Churchill as Prime Minister, and the beginning of Labour's thirteen-year spell in opposition. This was the final general election to be held with George VI as monarch, for he died the following year on 6 February and was succeeded by his daughter, Elizabeth II. It is also the most recent election in which the Conservatives have done better in Scotland than in England.
The 1951 election was the second one to be covered on BBC Television. On election night, the results were televised from the BBC Lime Grove Studios in London. Graham Hutton, David Butler and H. G. Nicholas headed the election night coverage from 10.15pm until 4.00am on the television service. On the following day, television coverage started at 10.00am and continued throughout the day until 5.00pm.
Background
King George VI was apprehensive that, given that the government had such a slim majority and that he was to leave the country to go on his planned Commonwealth tour in early 1952, there was a possibility of a change of government in his absence; Clement Attlee decided to call the election to assuage this concern. (In the event, the King became too ill to travel, and delegated the tour to his daughter Princess Elizabeth shortly before his death in February 1952). Parliament was dissolved on 5 October 1951.
The Labour government, which by now had implemented most of its manifesto from the 1945 election, was beginning to lose cabinet ministers, such as Ernest Bevin (death) and Stafford Cripps (health issues). The Conservative Party, however, after the previous year's election, had more new MPs.
Campaign
The Labour Party entered the election weakened by the emerging schism between Gaitskellites, on the right of the party, and left-wing Bevanites. Its manifesto stated that the party "proud of its record, sure in its policies—confidently asks the electors to renew its mandate". It identified four key tasks facing the United Kingdom which it would tackle: the need to work for peace, the need to work to "maintain full employment and to increase production", the need to reduce cost of living, and the need to "build a just society". The manifesto argued that only a Labour government could achieve these tasks. It also contrasted the Britain of 1951 with that of the interwar years (when there had largely been Conservative-led governments), saying this period saw "mass-unemployment; mass fear; mass misery". It did not promise more nationalisations as it did in the previous year's election, and instead focused on offering more council housing and a pledge to "associate the workers more closely with the administration of public industries and services", although it remained opposed to full workers' control of industries.
While Labour began to have some policy divisions during the election campaign, the Conservatives ran an efficient campaign that was well-funded and orchestrated. Their manifesto Britain Strong and Free stressed that safeguarding "our traditional way of life" was integral to the Conservative purpose. Significantly, they did not propose to dismantle the British welfare state or the National Health Service which the Labour government had established. The manifesto did, however, promise to "stop all further nationalisation" and to repeal the Steel Act introduced by the Labour government, which was being implemented during the election season. It also attacked Labour for ending wartime rationing and price controls too slowly, and for the rise of industrial conflicts after the end of the wartime wage freeze and Defence Regulations bans on strike actions.
As for the Liberal Party, its poor election result in 1950 only worsened this time; unable to get the same insurance against losses of deposits that it did in the previous year, it was able to field only 109 candidates as opposed to 478 in 1950, and thus posted the worst general election result in the party's history, getting just 2.5% of the vote and winning only six seats. The Liberals' (and later the Liberal Democrats') popular vote total has not fallen so low since, though their lowest total of six seats would be matched in several future elections. The Liberal Party's growing irrelevance weakened the Labour Party, for two-thirds of potential Liberal voters supported the Conservatives.
Four candidates were returned unopposed, all of them Ulster Unionists in Northern Ireland. This is the most recent general election in which any candidates have been returned unopposed, although there have since been unopposed by-elections.
The subsequent Labour defeat was significant for several reasons: the party polled almost a quarter of a million votes more than the Conservative Party and its National Liberal Party ally combined; won the most votes that Labour has ever won (as of 2019); and won the most votes of any political party in any election in British political history, a number not surpassed until the Conservative Party's victory in 1992.
Despite this, the Conservative Party formed the next government with a majority of 17 seats. It performed much better with male working-class voters than in the elections of 1945 or 1950, and was able to tip the vote away from Labour in Lancashire, the Home Counties, and East Anglia. Under the first-past-the-post electoral system, many Labour votes were 'wasted' as part of large majorities for MPs in safe seats.
This was the fourth of five elections in the twentieth century where a party lost the popular vote, but won the most seats. The others were January 1910, December 1910, 1929 and February 1974; it also happened in the 1874 election. The 1951 and 1874 elections are the only two examples of a political force winning an overall majority while losing the popular vote.
Results
|}
Total votes cast: 28,596,594.
Votes summary
Headline swing: 1.13% to Conservative.
Seats summary
Transfers of seats
All comparisons are with the 1950 election.
See also
List of MPs elected in the 1951 United Kingdom general election
1951 United Kingdom general election in Northern Ireland
1951 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours
Notes
References
Sources
, The standard study
External links
United Kingdom election results—summary results 1885–1979
Churchill & the 1951 General Election - UK Parliament Living Heritage
Manifestos
, 1951 Conservative Party manifesto
Labour Party Election Manifesto, 1951 Labour Party manifesto
The Nation's Task, 1951 Liberal Party manifesto
General election
1951
General election
Electoral history of Winston Churchill
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Nakazawa was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on September 13, 1980. He joined Japan Football League club Denso from Yokohama Flügels youth team in 1999. He played in 2 seasons and Denso finished at the 3rd place in 1999 season and 4th place in 2000 season. In 2001, he moved to his local club Yokohama FC which was promoted to J2 League from 2001 season. He became a regular player soon and played many matches as center back. However he lost his position in July and he could hardly play in the match. In 2002, he played as substitute defender many matches. However he could not play at all in the match from July and the club was finished at the bottom place in 2002 season. He retired end of 2002 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Association football people from Kanagawa Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
FC Kariya players
Yokohama FC players
Association football defenders
Bonnet Lake or Lake Bonnet is a natural freshwater lake in Highlands County, Florida. It is bounded on the north by Lake Bonnet Village, on its west by Bonnet Lake Campgrounds, on its southwest by a railroad line and on its south and southeast by Highlands Ridge. On part of its north shore is a citrus grove. To the lake's northeast is a large wooded area. Lake Bonnet Village and Bonnet Lake Campgrounds are mobile home and recreational vehicle parks for residents aged 55 and greater. Highlands Village is a retirement housing development.
The lake was so named for the abundance of a water flower called "bonnets".
Boating and fishing information
A boat ramp on the north side of the lake is in the middle of Lake Bonnet Village. It may be used by anyone who pays the fee collected at the Village administrative building up the hill from the lake. There are no other boat ramps that can be used by the public. There are no public swimming areas on the lake shore. Bonnet Lake may be fished. The HookandBullet.Com website says the lake contains bluegill, gar and blue catfish.
Islands of lake
Most of the small natural lakes in the area have no or very few islands in them. Bonnet Lake has five islands, none of which have structures on them. All are small or very small. Two are located just off the shore of Lake Bonnet Village. One of these islands, the lake's largest and triangular in shape, is west of the boat ramp. It is in front of the entrance to a canal. To enter the canal, boats must go around the island, which measures across its widest point. The other island off the Village is between the boat ramp and a private boat dock west of the ramp. It measures by .
Two of the islands are just off the shore of Bonnet Lake Campgrounds. One of them, at the north end of the Campgrounds, measures by . The other is further south and is somewhat round, measuring by . A very tiny island, by , is off the northeast shore of Lake Bonnet.
References
Lakes of Highlands County, Florida
Lakes of Florida
Łążek Garncarski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 200.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Lynne Perrie (born Jean Dudley; 7 April 1931 – 24 March 2006) was an English actress, singer and television personality, best known as Mrs Casper in Ken Loach's 1969 film Kes, Mrs Petty in the television series Queenie's Castle, and as Ivy Tilsley in Coronation Street.
Early life
Perrie was the second of four children; a brother, Victor, died before she was born. Her younger brother was actor Duggie Brown.
Perrie attended Rotherham Girls High School after passing her 11-plus. After leaving school, she trained as a dispenser at Boots. She later abandoned her studies to concentrate on her singing career. By the age of 14, she had started singing in working men's clubs under the stage name of 'Dizzy' with a local dance band for six shillings (6/-) (30p) on a Saturday night.
Singing career
In 1956, Perrie entered showbusiness professionally as a singer and comedian, after performing at the Rotherham Trade Centre and receiving a further twenty-seven bookings. She decided to give up her factory work, and go into cabaret full-time.
Throughout the 1960s Perrie was often billed and referred to as 'Little Miss Dynamite', due to her vibrant personality and performance. In her capacity as a singer, she appeared throughout the British Isles working in variety, clubs, and concerts, including eight at London's Royal Albert Hall. In 1964, she supported the Beatles for fifteen concerts, during a six-week tour at coastal resorts on Sundays. Other stars she shared the same bill as included the Rolling Stones, Sacha Distel, Rod Stewart and the Faces, Engelbert Humperdinck and Shirley Bassey.
As her popularity in England grew, Perrie began performing in other countries. She toured South Africa seven times and also visited Germany, Paris, Australia and the United States. In her book, Secrets of the Street, Perrie recalled how she had made headlines during her first tour of South Africa. She wrote, "[I performed in] a concert down the impressive Cango Caves. A recording of the concert was released over there. I made history as the first female to perform so far underground."
From 1963 to 1968, Perrie made several television appearances as a guest artiste, notably on the popular ITV Stars and Garters variety show, with Kathy Kirby, and The Good Old Days, the BBC's long-running light entertainment programme.
Despite later concentrating primarily on acting, Perrie still continued to perform her variety act in the clubs when she joined Coronation Street full-time. In her book, she revealed that she sang on the first night of Peter Stringfellow's Hippodrome 'Gay Evening' in London, adding: "I always had a loyal gay following – and the lesbians loved me too!"
By this time, she was also often asked to work as a compare. Terry Dobson, a member of the pop band Black Lace, recalled a time in 1977 in his book: "Lynne Perrie was in and out of her dressing room, a change of costume between every act, not that much time, two songs, some six or so minutes and she was on the stage again, bring off the act, then introducing the next ... brilliant, and very professional; you could tell she had been doing this sort of thing for years."
As well as on the stage, Perrie also continued to sing occasionally on television, notably on a UK charity telethon in 1990, in which she performed an original song called "Ships that Pass in the Night".
Acting career
Early career
Perrie made her acting debut as Mrs. Casper in the 1969 film Kes, even though she had no formal acting training.
The success of Kes led to Perrie's television career. She appeared in early episodes of several popular television shows, including children's serials Follyfoot and The Intruder, long-running courtroom drama series Crown Court, and sitcom The Cuckoo Waltz.
Perrie's first regular television role was in the popular Yorkshire TV comedy series Queenie's Castle, written by Keith Waterhouse and Willis Hall. The sitcom starred Diana Dors, with Perrie in second female lead playing her arch-enemy Mrs Petty, the busy-bodying residents' association secretary with conservative values. Queenie's Castle was first broadcast on bonfire night in 1970 and ran for three series over two years, with the final episode being broadcast in September 1972. Eighteen episodes were made, with Perrie appearing in nine of them.
Coronation Street
Perrie's role in Kes ultimately led to her getting the part of Ivy Tilsley in the soap opera Coronation Street in 1971. The show's casting director Paul Bernard had seen her in the film, and cast her without audition. She first appeared as a minor character, but the producers were sufficiently impressed with her performance to offer her a more substantial role. She became a recurring character from 1972, and was later promoted to the main cast when the character moved into Coronation Street with her family – husband Bert (Peter Dudley) and son Brian (Christopher Quinten). The character became infamous for her interfering and acid tongue, earning her the tabloid nickname "Poison Ivy".
Ivy's notable storylines included the deaths of both Bert and Brian, conflicts with daughter-in-law Gail (Helen Worth) and her new husband Martin Platt (Sean Wilson), and the breakdown of her second marriage to Don Brennan (Geoffrey Hinsliff).
On 5 February 1994, without consulting her Coronation Street bosses, Perrie had cosmetic surgery that involved having tissue from her backside injected into her mouth, to supposedly gain fuller lips. The results were unflattering, and Perrie was sacked from the show by producer Carolyn Reynolds after twenty-three years as Ivy. Perrie denied that she had been fired for having cosmetic surgery, claiming that she felt that her character had simply run its course and leaving was her decision. Her final episode aired in March 1994, and the character was killed off off-screen in August the following year.
Perrie's new image was widely ridiculed by the media, something she would later regret. In 2003, by which time she had retired, she was interviewed on ITV's Facelifts From Hell programme in which she said: "Everyone was laughing and calling me fishface. I couldn't go anywhere without the cameras following me. I don't think plastic surgery is an answer to it all, you've got to be happy with yourself."
In early 1996, Ivy Brennan was brought back to Coronation Street as a ghost. Several residents (mainly influenced by Ivy's best friend Vera Duckworth (Elizabeth Dawn) claimed to have seen the spirit of Ivy around various areas of the street. The storyline culminated with Ivy's widower, Don, getting a friend dressed as a priest to perform an "exorcism". In 2006, another storyline with Ivy was created, in which David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) discovered Ivy's diary and during Christmas dinner read aloud sections that criticised and belittled his parents.
Other works
She also appeared in two television plays written by Colin Welland, who had appeared with her in Kes. The first, 1970's Slattery's Mounted Foot, saw her playing a pub regular. In 1974 she starred as the pivotal role of a militant union leader in the BBC Play For Today factory drama Leeds United. Upon Perrie's death, director Roy Battersby praised her work and wrote in an obituary letter to The Guardian newspaper: "The bravura of the performance by Lynne Perrie was, and remains, glorious".
In 1976, she played Cora in Riding South in the BBC2 Centre Play Showcase series, and appeared alongside Phil Daniels, Warren Clarke, Michael Elphick and Kenneth Haigh in ITV Sunday Night Drama in 1977.
Perrie turned down the role of Mrs Shenton in John Schlesinger's wartime romance Yanks in 1978, after she was given the option of a regular contract with Coronation Street. However, she still appeared in the film, as a speaking face in the crowd. She was credited simply as 'Woman at Railway Station'.
In 1991, Perrie appeared in a celebrity edition of Family Fortunes, in a team with Gorden Kaye, Buster Merryfield, June Whitfield and Paul Shane.
Later career
Following her dismissal from Coronation Street, Perrie had a cameo in Mike Reid's cult adult pantomime video Pussy in Boots as Poison Ivy, and presented the programme Clairvoyants for ITV's The Tuesday Special slot.
In 1994, Perrie released her controversial autobiography Secrets of The Street. The book became a bestseller, and was met with mostly positive reviews from the tabloid press. The book contained behind the scenes information about Coronation Street, and admissions of feuds with several of her co-stars during her time on the show. Granada TV attempted to ban its publication, and Perrie had to attend court over the attempted injunction.
After the publication of her book, she continued to appear as a guest on a variety of chat shows, including Channel 4's The Word, where (amongst other acts) she performed her own rendition of Gloria Gaynor's I Will Survive. The performance was voted by the public as number 62 on Channel 4's list of 100 Greatest TV Moments from Hell, and was repeated on Channel 4's 2001 series The Best of the Word. Perrie ended the year by performing alongside John Inman in a lavish production of Mother Goose at Stockport.
In 1995, she starred in the VHS Lynne Perrie's Alternative Workout, a parody of an exercise programme, in which she appeared in a series of short comedy sketches, which generally consisted of her helping toned, athletic young men out of their workout clothing. The video was a commercial failure, and deleted just two years after its release.
Perrie continued to cause controversy, particularly when she appeared on the adult channel Television X. On one of the shows, she was seen pulling down a young stripper's thong, proceeding to lick his revealed penis.
By 1996, Perrie had returned to the stage with a new cabaret act, and found regular work as an after-dinner speaker, which she did alongside television chat show appearances. There were various reports at the time that Perrie was set to make a television comeback as an actress, in a six-part drama to be filmed in Spain. The idea of the series was later dropped. She did visit Spain towards the end of the year to perform the Frank Sinatra' hit "My Way" at a televised concert. In October of the same year, Perrie was the subject of a Channel 4 documentary entitled The Ghost of Ivy Tilsley, part of a series of programmes exploring the dark side of fame. In the film, Perrie was seen looking through newspaper cuttings and packing mementos of her career into cardboard boxes as she prepared to leave her mock Tudor house in Salford. She had decided to return to Yorkshire to live with her husband and care for her son with HIV. Perrie claimed that after leaving Coronation Street she had realised that fame was not important, stating: "I didn't really want the fame to start off with. But gradually as you get it, it's like taking drugs. The more you get, the more you want". After the programme was broadcast, Perrie appeared on the 'Ladies Night' special of BBC2's celebrity quiz show Shooting Stars, which was notable for her being drunk live on air. On Christmas Day 1996, she starred in an advert for Pepsi, which was part of a series of six humorous commercials in the style of The Word, which had been axed the year before. She was seen walking down the aisle to marry a monkey at the altar.
In 1997, Perrie was reunited with her screen son Christopher Quinten when both actors appeared in an episode of BBC Radio 4 sitcom Harry Hill's Fruit Corner. At the same time, her health was poor and was deteriorating further, leaving her unable to perform. She made her last television regular appearance on the ITV daytime chat show Afternoon Live before retiring.
Perrie claimed towards the end of her life that her health was improving. She told various journalists at the time that she was planning on making a comeback. However, in keeping with what friends described as her manic depressive character, such a comeback never materialised.
Towards the end of her life, Perrie took up work as a celebrity bingo caller in Blackpool. She also made the occasional television appearance, the last of which was Channel 4's countdown of the Greatest TV Soap Moments in 2004, presented by her friend Mike Reid.
Perrie's life and work were acknowledged at the British Academy Television Awards in 2006.
Personal life
Perrie married carpenter Derrick Barksby (1929 – 17 January 2015) on 14 October 1950 and gave birth to her son Stephen John Barksby on 14 May 1951. Her terminally ill son came to prominence in the 2000s campaigning for assisted suicide. Stephen died on 1 April 2016, aged 64. In her biography, Perrie admitted that she had had several affairs in the course of her marriage. Unbeknownst to the public, for most of her working life she and Barksby had lived separately. Barksby chose to live alone in their Yorkshire home whilst Perrie took up residence in Salford to film Coronation Street. After a few public separations, Perrie insisted in 1996 that she and Barksby were back together for good.
Perrie suffered intermittent health problems, including a heart attack and a cancer scare. After learning that her son had been diagnosed with AIDS in 1994, Perrie started to suffer from depression. She said: "Any mother will understand the pain but for me it was much worse. He was my only child and we went through this under the spotlight of publicity." During her retirement in 2000, the Daily Mirror newspaper spoke to Perrie, and in an interview she revealed that she was still suffering from bipolar disorder, as well as memory loss, and had recently spent ten weeks in a psychiatric hospital.
At various stages of her life, Perrie was addicted to tranquillisers, and suffered serious side-effects from slimming pills. She admitted to once being addicted to gambling, and confessed that she had "blown" more than £250,000 over the years on one-armed bandits. Abuse of alcohol was another problem, and her heavy drinking eventually earned her the nickname "Champagne Perrie". She said: "Although I polished off pints of the sauce ... I was not an alcoholic; I just had no inhibitions."
Perrie died in Rotherham aged 74, on 24 March 2006, four months after suffering a stroke.
Selected credits
Acting
Self
References
External links
Lynne Perrie Fan Website
The Guardian's obituary, March 27, 2006
The Independent's obituary, March 27, 2006
1931 births
2006 deaths
People with bipolar disorder
English soap opera actresses
English film actresses
English television actresses
Actors from Rotherham
Actresses from Yorkshire
20th-century English singers
20th-century English women singers
James Barry (15 January 1661 – 16 April 1725) was an Irish politician.
Barry was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the Irish House of Commons and represented Naas from 1695 to 1699 and from 1711 to 1713. He sat then for Kildare Borough from 1715 to 1725.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20090601105535/http://www.leighrayment.com/commons/irelandcommons.htm
http://www.thepeerage.com/p26878.htm#i268773
1661 births
1725 deaths
Irish MPs 1695–1699
Irish MPs 1703–1713
Irish MPs 1715–1727
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Kildare constituencies
Anna-Christina Ragger ( Kopinits, born 1 April 1985) is an Austrian chess player. She received the FIDE titles of FIDE Master (FM) in 2017 and Woman International Master (WIM) in 2009. Her highest rating was 2306 (in November 2018) and she is ranked 4th female player in Austria.
She is the Austrian woman national champion 7 times in the years: 2003, 2006–2009, 2012, and 2017.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Austrian female chess players
Chess FIDE Masters
Chess Woman International Masters
Monsters Unleashed may refer to:
Monsters Unleashed (comics), a Marvel Comics series
Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed, a Scooby-Doo film
Ju Feng (; ; born 11 January 1995) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Chinese club Tai'an Tiankuang.
Club career
Ju Feng started his professional football career in 2013 when he joined Liaoning Youth for the 2013 China League Two. He played 13 league matches of 14 in the season under manager Yasuharu Kurata. Ju moved to Chinese Super League side Guangzhou R&F academy in January 2014 and transferred to Guangzhou Evergrande in the summer.
Ju played at Guangzhou Evergrande's reserved team until he was loaned to J2 League side Ehime FC for one season on 9 March 2017. Before joining Ehime FC, Ju also made trials with several J League clubs such as Montedio Yamagata, Mito HollyHock and Ventforet Kofu in 2016. On 21 June 2017, he made his debut for the club in a 2–1 home win against Kamatamare Sanuki in the second round of 2017 Emperor's Cup. He played two Emperors Cup matches for Ehime FC in the 2017 season before his loan deal ended on 25 December 2017.
Ju transferred to newly relegated China League One side Changchun Yatai in February 2019. At Changchun, Ju was embroiled in a contract dispute with the club where he claimed that the initial draft of his contract with the club was to see him receive a 20% pay rise and not a pay cut of 97.5% instead. The club still pushed ahead with the players registration with the Chinese Football Association and demanded that he return to Changchun, however Ju claimed he never signed a contract with the club and returned to Guangzhou Evergrande.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Liaoning
People from Yingkou
Association football midfielders
J2 League players
Ehime FC players
Chinese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Robert Benjamin Smith (born December 3, 1962) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League (NFL) for the Minnesota Vikings and Dallas Cowboys. He also was a member of the Arizona Wranglers, Toronto Argonauts, Tampa Bay Storm and Detroit Drive. He played college football at Grambling State University.
Early years
Born in Bogalusa, Louisiana, he attended Bogalusa High School. He accepted a football scholarship from Grambling State University.
Professional career
Smith was selected by the New Orleans Breakers in the 1984 USFL Territorial Draft. He was traded and signed to play for the Arizona Wranglers in the United States Football League for the 1984 season. He was also selected by the Minnesota Vikings in the second round (40th overall) of the 1984 NFL Supplemental Draft.
In 1985, he joined the Vikings after the USFL folded, playing in all 16 games as a backup at defensive end and defensive tackle, though he was almost exclusively used as a field goal blocker due to his 6'6 frame. He was released before the start of the 1986 season.
In 1987, he was signed as a free agent by the Dallas Cowboys. He broke his left arm during the preseason and was placed on the injured reserve list. He was released before the start of the 1988 season.
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
1962 births
Living people
People from Bogalusa, Louisiana
Players of American football from Louisiana
American football defensive ends
Canadian football defensive linemen
American players of Canadian football
Arizona Wranglers players
Minnesota Vikings players
Dallas Cowboys players
Toronto Argonauts players
Tampa Bay Storm players
Detroit Drive players
Muaaz Abdelraheem Gesmallah Abdelrahman (born 25 April 1989) is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Khartoum NC and the Sudan national football team.
References
1989 births
Living people
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Association football forwards
Al Khartoum SC players
El Hilal SC El Obeid players
Nutrient profiling, also nutritional profiling, is the science of classifying or ranking foods by their nutritional composition in order to promote health and prevent disease. A common use of nutrient profiling is in the creation of nutritional rating systems to help consumers identify nutritious food.
A variety of nutrient profile models have been developed by academics, health organizations, national governments and the food industry. The development or selection of a model to use in food policy decisions is important, as different models can lead to different classifications of the same foods.
See also
Junk food
Nutrition facts label
References
Nutrition
The 1976 NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships were contested March 12−13, 1976 at Cobo Arena in Detroit, Michigan at the 12th annual NCAA-sanctioned track meet to determine the individual and team national champions of men's collegiate indoor track and field events in the United States.
UTEP once again topped the team standings, the Miners' third consecutive and third overall indoor team title.
Qualification
Unlike other NCAA-sponsored sports, there were not separate NCAA Division I, Division II, and Division III championships for indoor track and field until 1985. As such, all athletes and programs from all three divisions were eligible to compete.
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
Scoring: 6 points for a 1st-place finish, 4 points for 2nd, 3 points for 3rd, 2 points for 4th, and 1 point for 5th
(DC) = Defending Champions
Full results
References
NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Brinda or Brindha may refer to:
Brinda (choreographer), Indian dance choreographer
Brinda Karat (born 1947), Indian politician
Brinda Parekh (born 1982), Indian model and actress
Brindha Sivakumar, Indian singer
Brinda Somaya (born 1949), Indian architect and urban conservationist
T. Brinda (1912–1996), Carnatic music vocalist
William Terry Ork (born William Terry Collins) was an American band manager and record producer for the new wave/punk music scene in New York City in the mid 1970s. Ork is associated with the success of the club CBGB as manager for punk band Television and musician Richard Hell. Ork arrived in New York City in the late 1960s and worked briefly for Andy Warhol's Interview magazine. While working as the manager of a film bookstore called Cinemabilia, Ork met Billy Ficca, Tom Verlaine and Hell of the Neon Boys and introduced them to Richard Lloyd. Ork began managing the new band when they reformed as Television. In 1975, he founded Ork Records, which released Television's Little Johnny Jewel (1975), Richard Hell's Blank Generation, The Marbles' Red Light (1979), Mick Farren's Lost Johnny, and the double A-side single Girl and Everytime I Close My Eyes by Prix, among other recordings. Farren said, "Terry Ork was an idealist, as true to the punk ethic as you could be, which means that when it all started getting slick, and the bands were getting deals, Terry was left behind." He died in San Diego on October 20, 2004.
In the 2013 film CBGB, Ork was portrayed by Johnny Galecki.
In 2015, The Numero Group released a retrospective box set of recordings from Ork Records.
References
Further reading
External links
Review of the Numero Release of the Ork Records Catalog — segment of a 2016 episode of NPR's Fresh Air
American entertainment industry businesspeople
People from New York City
2004 deaths
2017 Academy Awards may refer to:
89th Academy Awards, the Academy Awards ceremony that took place in 2017, honoring the best in film for 2016
90th Academy Awards, the Academy Awards ceremony that took place in 2018, honoring the best in film for 2017
Jürgen Leitner (born 18 October 1975) is an Austrian former footballer who last played as a midfielder for Großrußbach.
Career
Leitner started his career with Austria Wien, Austria's most successful club.
In 2001, he signed for Xanthi in Greece, where he was voted as their best player.
At the age of 28, Leitner retired from professional football after almost signing for Spanish second division side Numancia.
References
External links
Austrian footballers
Living people
Association football midfielders
1975 births
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
FK Austria Wien players
Super League Greece players
Xanthi F.C. players
First Vienna FC players
Wiener Sport-Club players
Floridsdorfer AC players
Austrian Regionalliga players
Austrian Landesliga players
Footballers from Vienna
"The End Is Where We Begin" is the second single from Our Lady Peace's seventh studio album Burn Burn. The single was released in Canada on September 14.
The music video for "The End Is Where We Begin" was released on October 21, 2009. It premiered on Our Lady Peace's official website.
Charts
References
External links
2009 singles
Our Lady Peace songs
Songs written by Raine Maida
2009 songs
The Urban Knights are an all-star jazz fusion band. They released their self tilted debut in 1995. They have a total of 8 studio albums.
Overview
The Urban Knight's debut album, Urban Knights I, was released in 1995 by GRP Records. Produced by Maurice White, the album features musicians such as Grover Washington, Jr., Ramsey Lewis, Omar Hakim, Victor Bailey, Freddie Hubbard and The Emotions. The album reached the top five on the Billboard Jazz Albums chart.
The jazz group's follow-up LP, Urban Knights II was released in 1997 by GRP. Once again produced by Maurice White, the album features saxophonists Gerald Albright and Najee as well as guitarists Jonathan Butler, Verdine White and Morris Pleasure.
During 2000, the group's third studio album, Urban Knights III, was issued on Narada Records. Artists such as Dave Koz, Earl Klugh, and Fareed Haque played upon the LP. People proclaimed "sixties jazz-pop pioneer Ramsey Lewis (“The In Crowd”) contributes keyboards on 10 of these 12 tracks by the latest group of hot, young Chicago musicians he has assembled for this urbane joust." Hilarie Grey of Jazz Times said "Ramsey Lewis' Urban Knights III exploits the urban sophistication and stylish blue roots of its Chicago setting".
Discography
Albums
References
Jazz fusion ensembles
Smooth jazz ensembles
Indigenous peoples of the Subarctic are the aboriginal peoples who live in the Subarctic regions of the Americas, Asia and Europe, located south of the true Arctic. This region includes the interior of Alaska, the Western Subarctic or western Canadian Shield and Mackenzie River drainage area, the Eastern Subarctic or Eastern Canadian Shield, Scandinavia, Western Russia and East Asia. Peoples of subarctic Siberia and Greenland are included in the subarctic; however, Greenlandic Inuit are usually classified as Indigenous peoples of the Arctic.
Languages
Native subarctic peoples have over 38 languages into five major language families: Algonquian, Athapaskan, Indo-European, Turkic and Uralic.
Arts and cultures
The reindeer Tangifer tarandus (caribou in North America) and deer have traditionally played a central role in North American and Asian Subarctic culture, providing food, clothing, shelter, and tools. In North America, items such as the babiche bag are made of caribou and deer rawhide. Moosehair embroidery and porcupine quill embroidery are also worked onto hides and birchbark. After introduction by Europeans and Asians, glass beads became popular and are sewn into floral designs. Additionally, some cultures practiced agriculture, alongside hunting and gathering.
In the Sami (Lapp) culture of Scandinavia, reindeer husbandry has traditionally played an important role. Traditionally the Sami lived and worked in reindeer herding groups called siiddat, which consisted of several families and their herds. Members of the siidda helped each other with the management and husbandry of the herds.
In Russia, many different indigenous peoples engage in reindeer herding, from European Russia right across to Siberia. One of the largest groups are the Nenets people, who practice nomadic herding, migrating long distances each year (up to 1,000 km annually) between their summer and winter pastures. At present about 13,500 Nenets are engaged with reindeer herding.
List of peoples
Na-Dene
Athabaskan–Eyak
Athabaskan
Northern Athabaskan
Ahtna
Sahtu
Central Cordillera
Kaska
Tagish
Tahltan
Chipewyan
Dakelh
Deg Hitʼan
Denaʼina
Babine
Wet'suwet'en
Dunneza
Gwich'in
Hän
Hare
Holikachuk
Koyukon
Sekani
Slavey
Tanana
Tlicho
Tsilhqot'in
Northern Tutchone
Southern Tutchone
Upper Kuskokwim
Yellowknives
Tlingit, United States (Alaska) and Canada (British Columbia and Yukon)
Algic
Algonquian
Central Algonquian
Ojibwe
Anishinaabe
Oji-Cree
Anishinini
Severn Ojibwa
Ojibwa
Odawa
Cree
Atikamekw
Innu
Naskapi
Maritime Algonquian
Mi'kmaq, Newfoundland
Qalipu First Nation, Newfoundland
Turkic
Kipchak
Kipchak–Bulgar
Bashkir, Russia (Bashkortostan)
Tatars
Volga Tatars, Russia (Tatarstan)
Oghur
Chuvash, Russia (Chuvashia)
Siberian Turkic
Northern Turkic
Yakuts, Russia (Sakha Republic)
Uralic
Baltic Finn
Izhorians, Russia
Karelian, Finland (South Karelia and North Karelia) and Russia (Republic of Karelia and Leningrad Oblast)
Veps, Russia
Votes, Russia
Permian
Komi, Russia (Komi Republic and Perm Krai)
Udmurt, Russia (Udmurtia)
Sámi
Ugrians
Khanty, Russia (Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug)
Mansi, Russia (Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug)
Volga Finn
Inuit
Nunatsiavut, Canada (Labrador)
NunatuKavut, Canada (Labrador)
See also
Aboriginal peoples in Canada
Alaska Natives
Caribou
Circumpolar peoples
Hudson's Bay Company
Subarctic climate
Alaska Native Storytelling
Sápmi
Notes
Indigenous peoples of North America
Indigenous peoples of Europe
Indigenous peoples of Asia
NGC 992 is a spiral galaxy in the Aries constellation and is estimated to be 188 million light years from the Milky Way. NGC 992 was discovered by astronomers Lewis A. Swift on September 6, 1886.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
External links
Spiral galaxies
0992
Aries (constellation)
009938
Adjutant Charles Jean Vincent Macé (5 April 1898 – 7 June 1919) was a French flying ace during World War I. He shot down eight German observation balloons and four enemy airplanes for confirmed victories.
Early life
Charles Jean Vincent Macé was born on 5 April 1898 in Pau.
Military service
Charles Macé volunteered for military service for the duration of hostilities on 21 October 1915, when he was still only 17 years old. His initial assignment was to the 23e Régiment de Dragoons. On 30 May 1916, he transferred from the Dragoons to the 12e Regiment d'Artillerie. On 22 July 1917, he was forwarded to the 2e Groupe d'Aviation for pilot's training. After completing training, he was posted to Escadrille 90. A promotion to Sergeant followed on 5 December 1917.
Macé scored his first two victories on 27 March 1918, sharing them with Maurice Bizot and Laurent Ruamps. He was then promoted to Adjutant on 24 April 1918. On 24 August, Macé shot down his third German airplane, a two-seater. On 15 September 1918, he began a string of triumphs that blinded the Germans by depriving them of the observation balloons they used to direct their artillery fire. Macé and Marius Ambrogi downed one of the lethal gasbags over Geline on that date. A week later, Macé torched two more of the airborne observation platforms in the same vicinity. Jean Andre Pezon aided him on 10 October; this was another win over Geline. The 18th saw victories near Ommeray and Avricourt, with Ambrogi and another French sergeant pilot helping. The 22nd saw two more wins in the vicinity of Geline. On the 28th, Macé shot down a Hannover CL for his final victory. He ended his war a balloon buster ace, with eight to his credit, as well four triumphs over German airplanes.
The citation for the Médaille militaire that Macé received a few days later, on 2 November 1918, encapsulated his feats:
"Self-sacrificing, audacious, and unselfish pilot who is an excellent example to all. He has returned sixteen times with his clothes and aircraft shot through by enemy fire. He has destroyed two planes and one balloon. On 22 September [1918], he reported two new victories by flaming two enemy observation balloons. Four citations."
He had also been awarded the Croix de guerre with seven palmes.
Postwar career
Macé survived the war, but was killed in a flying accident on 7 June 1919 at Hagenau.
Footnotes
References
Over the Front: A Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914-1918 Norman L. R. Franks, Frank W. Bailey. Grub Street, 1992. , .
External links
Biography, list of aerial victories
1898 births
1919 deaths
French flying aces
Chenar Shahijan or Chenar-e Shahi Jan () may refer to:
Chenar Shahijan, Marvdasht
Chenar Shahijan District, in Kazerun County
Kimmerikón (Greek , ) was an ancient Greek city in Crimea, on the southern shore of the Kerch Peninsula, at the western slope of Mount Opuk, roughly 40 kilometres southwest of modern Kerch. It was situated with its acropolis on the hills on the west side of the mountain. The town was founded by the Milesian colonists in the 5th century BC and flourished at the beginning of the Christian era. Its name may refer to an earlier Cimmerian settlement on the site.
Kimmerikon was an important stronghold defending the most important and highly populated part of the Bosporan Kingdom, its center and capital, from the Scythians. The city walls were 2.5 metres thick and those of the acropolis 3.5 metres thick. In the mid-3rd century AD Kimmerikon was sacked by the Goths, but some measure of urban settlement persisted until the end of the 3rd century AD, when the city perished abruptly as a result of being laid waste and burnt by pirate raiders. The fortress was destroyed in the 1st third of the 6th century AD. The Emperor Justinian I, after re-establishing Byzantine sovereignty in the Cimmerian Bosporus in the mid-6th century, did not restore the fortress, which seems to have lost its role as a guardian of the borders.
Kimmerikon should not be confused with the Tatar town of Kirim founded approximately a 1,000 years following the demise of the city and 55 miles (88 km) due west.
The site was excavated by Soviet archaeologists in 1927, 1947–49, and 1950-51; the Kerch Museum contains material from the site.
See also
Greeks in pre-Roman Crimea
Roman Crimea
List of ancient Greek cities
References
The Princeton Encyclopedia of Classical Sites (eds. Richard Stillwell, William L. MacDonald, Marian Holland McAllister).
Milesian colonies in Crimea
Kerch Peninsula
Populated places established in the 5th century BC
Former populated places in Eastern Europe
Members of the Delian League
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Crimea
Archean subduction is a contentious topic involving the possible existence and nature of subduction in the Archean, a geologic eon extending from 4.0-2.5 billion years ago. Until recently there was little evidence unequivocally supporting one side over the other, and in the past many scientists either believed in shallow subduction or its complete non-existence. However, the past two decades have witnessed the potential beginning of a change in geologic understanding as new evidence is increasingly indicative of episodic, non-shallow subduction.
The importance of Archean subduction
Subduction is the density-driven process by which one tectonic plate moves under another and sinks into the mantle at a convergent boundary. Gravitational pull from dense slabs provides approximately 90% of the driving force for plate tectonics, and consequently subduction is crucial in changing the Earth's layout, guiding its thermal evolution and building its compositional structure. In particular, subduction zones are the primary sites of present-day continental crust formation, another process of modern Earth that has a mysterious past. Furthermore, subduction is the main mechanism by which surface materials enter the deep Earth and is also largely responsible for the formation of ores. Considering the importance of subduction in many geological processes, it is clear that studying its past and present nature is essential to developing our understanding of the Earth as a dynamic system.
The case against Archean subduction
Those who favour non-existent subduction in the Archean point to the well-established model that the Archean Earth was significantly hotter than it is today, which would have affected lithospheric density in such a way as to perhaps prohibit subduction. The higher temperatures of the Archean Earth can be attributed to the release of tremendous amounts of energy from the accretion of Solar System material and subsequent differentiation into core and mantle. This energy, coupled with a greater concentration of heat-producing elements, led to the Earth being 200 K hotter in the Archean than it is today. Assuming seafloor spreading generated oceanic lithosphere in the Archean, higher temperatures led to greater melting of mantle material rising at oceanic spreading centres. This in turn produced thicker oceanic crust and thicker regions of underlying depleted lithospheric mantle. As such, the density of the lithosphere was reduced due to both differentiation of the crust from the mantle and the ensuing relative depletion of the residual mantle in Fe and Al. These expected properties have led to suggestions that oceanic lithosphere was so light that it subducted very shallowly or not at all. Scientists who favour this hypothesis argue that felsic material formed from hydrous partial melting of thickened oceanic crust in the root zones of oceanic plateaus, and not from subduction zones as generally believed.
The case for Archean subduction
Those who favour Archean subduction claim that recent modelling has elucidated the following fundamental features of the Archean, which they argue can be used to describe why subduction was occurring:
1) Mantle temperatures were indeed 200 K hotter than they are today.
2) The oceanic crust was approximately 21 km thick, compared to 7 km thick today.
3) The depth to which the mantle was partially melted was 114 km, compared to 54 km today.
4) Heat flow into the base of the tectonic plates was 1.3-2.0 times higher than it is today.
Mathematical reasoning based on these constraints led to the conclusion that cooling was sufficient to provide a driving force for subduction. In fact, it is thought that the low flexural rigidity of Archean plates perhaps made subduction initiation easier than it is today. On one hand, the lower density of oceanic plates reduced slab pull, but this effect was likely balanced by delamination of low-density crust as well as the passage of thick crust through the eclogite transition. In addition to modelling, geologic evidence has been discovered that further supports the existence of Archean subduction. Many Archean igneous rocks show enrichment of large-ion lithophile elements (LILE) over high-field-strength elements (HFSE), which is a classic subduction signature commonly observed in volcanic arc rocks. Furthermore, the presence of structural thrust belts and paired metamorphic belts are also hallmarks of subduction dynamics and subsequent environmental changes.
While the existence of Archean subduction implies that continental crust likely formed via subduction to an extent, it does not require that subduction was the only way to form continental crust. Thus the continued debate over the origin of continental crust cannot be fully resolved by subduction arguments alone.
Conclusion and future directions
Though the subject of Archean subduction has long been controversial, the emergence of innovative modelling and geologic evidence has begun to sway some of the scientific community toward favouring the existence of non-shallow, episodic subduction. Moving forward, the rheology of early-Earth materials should be emphasized in future research as it is not well understood, and therefore subduction dynamics are poorly constrained. Moreover, the paucity of Archean data requires an even better understanding of the links between the Earth's interior and its surface processes if we plan on gaining additional insight into Archean subduction.
References
Subduction
Archean geology
This is a list of Members of Parliament (MPs) elected to the 8th Parliament of the Jatiya Sangsad, the National Parliament of Bangladesh, by Bangladeshi constituencies. The list includes both MPs elected at the 2001 general election, held on 1 October 2001, and nominated women's members for reserved seats and those subsequently elected in by-elections.
Members
Elected members of parliament
Women members of parliament
References
Members of the Jatiya Sangsad by term
2001 in Bangladesh
Bangladesh
8th Jatiya Sangsad members
Jatiya Sangsad
John Gregory Dunne (May 25, 1932 – December 30, 2003) was an American writer. He began his career as a journalist for Time magazine before expanding into writing criticism, essays, novels, and screenplays. He often collaborated with his wife, Joan Didion.
Early life
Dunne was born in Hartford, Connecticut, and was a younger brother of author Dominick Dunne. He was the son of Dorothy Frances (née Burns) and Richard Edwin Dunne (1894–1946), a hospital chief of staff and prominent heart surgeon. With several siblings, he grew up in a large, wealthy Irish Catholic family. Their maternal grandfather, Dominick Francis Burns (1857–1940), founded the Park Street Trust Company.
The young Dunne developed a severe stutter and took up writing to express himself. He learned to manage it by observing others. He attended the Portsmouth Priory School and graduated from Princeton University in 1954, where he was member of Tiger Inn.
Career
Dunne started working as a journalist in New York City for Time magazine. He credited the political essayist Noel Parmentel as a mentor in many ways.
In the late 1950s, he met Joan Didion in New York City, where she was an editor at Vogue. In a 2005 interview, Didion recalled, "We amused each other and I thought he was smart. He knew a lot of stuff that I didn't know, like politics and history. I had managed to go through school without learning much except a lot of poems." He invited her to travel to Connecticut one weekend in 1963 to visit his family: New England Irish Catholic, with six children. Didion said she "liked the set-up, liked being there, and liked him."
After they married in 1964, the couple moved to a remote house on the California coast; Didion worked on a novel to follow her debut Run, River, and Dunne on a book about the California grape pickers' strike. They wrote a jointly bylined column for the Saturday Evening Post magazine for years.
Dunne and Didion gradually picked up writing work from book publishers and magazines, traveled together on journalism assignments, and established a working pattern that served for the next 40 years. They had a constant advising, consulting, and editing collaboration. Critically acclaimed bestselling books followed for each, including Dunne's The Studio, his nonfiction account of 20th Century Fox.
They also collaborated on a series of screenplays, including The Panic in Needle Park (1971), A Star Is Born (1976), and True Confessions (1981), an adaptation of Dunne's novel of the same name. He wrote a nonfiction book about Hollywood, Monster: Living Off the Big Screen.
As a literary critic and essayist, Dunne was a frequent contributor to The New York Review of Books. His essays were collected in two books, Quintana & Friends (1980) and Crooning (1990).
He wrote several novels, among them True Confessions, based loosely on the Black Dahlia murder, and Dutch Shea, Jr.. He was the writer and narrator of the 1990 PBS documentary L.A. is It with John Gregory Dunne, in which he guided viewers through Los Angeles's cultural landscape.
Dunne and Didion later moved to Manhattan. He died there of a heart attack on December 30, 2003. His final novel, Nothing Lost, which was in galleys at the time of his death, was published in 2004.
Personal life
Dunne married Didion on January 30, 1964, at Mission San Juan Bautista in California. He was 31 and she 29. They contemplated filing for divorce in 1969, as Didion famously wrote in one of her essays.
Unable to have children, in 1966 they adopted a baby at birth and named her Quintana Roo, after the Mexican state. Quintana died in 2005 after a series of illnesses.
Dunne was uncle to actors Griffin Dunne (who co-starred in An American Werewolf in London) and Dominique Dunne (who co-starred in Poltergeist).
Didion wrote and published The Year of Magical Thinking (2005), a memoir of the year following his death, during which their daughter was seriously ill. It won critical acclaim and the National Book Award.
Books
; University of California Press, 2007,
The Studio (1969)
Vegas (1974)
True Confessions, E.P. Dutton, (1977) reprinted 2005 Thunder's Mouth Press
Quintana and Friends (1978)
Dutch Shea, Jr. (1982)
The Red White and Blue (1987)
Harp (1989)
Crooning (1990)
Playland (1994)
Monster: Living Off the Big Screen (1997)
; reprint, Random House, Inc., 2005,
Screenplays
The Panic in Needle Park (1971)
Play It as It Lays (1972)
A Star Is Born (1976)
True Confessions (1981)
Up Close & Personal (1996)
References
External links
1932 births
2003 deaths
Princeton University alumni
American literary critics
20th-century American novelists
American male screenwriters
American people of Irish descent
Writers from Hartford, Connecticut
American male novelists
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from Connecticut
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
Screenwriters from Connecticut
20th-century American screenwriters
Portsmouth Abbey School alumni
Sexual Misconduct of the Middle Classes is a 2020 play written by Canadian playwright Hannah Moscovitch. It is the winner of the 2021 Governor General's Literary Award for English-language drama. The play was published by Playwrights Canada Press in 2021.
Plot
After his third divorce, a novelist and star lecturer is tortured with self-loathing when he notices himself liking a pupil — a girl in a red coat. The girl turns out to be a major fan of his work and who just so happens to live down the street from him.
Dates, venues, and companies
Following a first reading in the United States, Sexual Misconduct of the Middle Classes has been performed for audiences in Canada and in Australia.
2017 - Seattle Repertory Theatre, Seattle, Washington (first reading)
2020 - Tarragon Theatre, Toronto, Ontario (premiere)
2021 - Southbank Theatre, The Sumner, Melbourne, Australia (Melbourne Theatre Company)
Canadian crew
The play had its first reading in June 2017 at the Seattle Repertory Theatre in Seattle, Washington and had its world premiere at the Taragon Theatre, in Toronto, Ontario, known for its development, creation and encouragement of new work in Canada.
Cast
Annie: Alice Snaden
Jon: Matthew Edison
Creative team
Hannah Moscovitch – Playwright
Sarah Garton Stanley – Director
Eva Barrie – Assistant Director
Michael Gianfrancesco – Set Designer
Michael Gianfrancesco – Costume Designer
Bonnie Beecher – Lighting Designer
Hilary Pitman – Assistant Lighting Designer
Julian Iacob – Assistant Lighting Designer
Miquelon Rodriguez – Sound Designer
Laura Warren – Video Designer
Joanna Falck – Dramaturge
Siobhan Richardson – Intimacy Coach
Production
Daniel Oulton – Stage Manager
Jaimee Hall – Apprentice Stage Manager
Jahnelle Jones-Williams – Resident Student
Staff
Gerry Egan – Production Manager
John Thomson – Technical Director
Kathleen Johnston – Head of Wardrobe
Shaw Forgeron – Interim Head of Properties
Andrew Chute
Australian crew
Cast
Annie: Izabella Yena
Jon: Dan Spielman
Creative team
Petra Kalive – Director
Marg Horwell – Set and Costume Designer
Rachel Burke – Lighting Designer
Darius Kedros – Composer and Sound Designer
Isabella Vadiveloo – Assistant Director
Michala Banas – Intimacy Coordinator
Xanthe Beesley – Movement Consultant
Awards
Sexual Misconduct of the Middle Classes won the Governor General's Award for English-language drama at the 2021 Governor General's Awards.
Reception
The play has generally been well received in both Canada and Australia. In Toronto, Joe Szekeres, chief critic for the Onstage Blog writes, "Canadian playwright Hannah Moscovitch viscerally overturned the #metoo movement on its head with a sizable goose egg bump at the premiere", and Carly Maga, theatre critic at the Toronto Star calls Moscovitch, "in control of her narrative, which she increasingly makes clear in her characterizations", claiming it to be "a powerful thing to witness." In Melbourne, Jane Mulkerrins at The Age adds the play explores "deftly subverting traditional tropes within the age-old story of a student-teacher affair".
References
External links
2020 plays
Canadian plays
Governor General's Award-winning plays
Canna species have been categorised by two different taxonomists in the course of the last three decades. They are Paul Maas, from the Netherlands and Nobuyuki Tanaka from Japan. Both reduced the number of species from the 50-100 that had been accepted previously, and assigned most to being synonyms. Inevitably, there are some differences in their categorisations, and the individual articles on the species describe the differences.
The reduction in the number of species is also confirmed by work done by Kress and Prince at the Smithsonian Institution, however, this only covers a subset of the species range.
Tanaka's 2001 Taxonomic revision of the family Cannaceae in the New World and Asia is one source of species names, allied with the proposal to conserve the name Canna tuerckheimii over C. latifolia. The most exhaustive work on Canna synonyms is that in the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families (WCSP).
List of species
The following list is based on the Taxonomic revision of the family Cannaceae in the New World and Asia, by Tanaka and the proposal to conserve the name Canna tuerckheimii over C. latifolia. , the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families and Plants of the World Online regard many of these as synonyms (most Canna indica) but also recognise two further species, making 12 in total.
Cultivar type names
In addition, several species have been given cultivar-type names, and those are listed below:
See also
List of Canna cultivars
List of Canna hybridists
References
Further reading
Chaté, E. - Le Canna, 1866.
Cooke, Ian (2001) The Gardener's Guide to Growing Cannas, Timber Press.
Johnson's Gardner's Dictionary, 1856.
Khoshoo, T.N. & Guha, I. - Origin and Evolution of Cultivated Cannas. Vikas Publishing House.
Kress, W. J. 1990. The phylogeny and classification of the Zingiberales. Ann. Missouri Bot. Gard. 77: 698—721.
Kress, W. J. and D. E. Stone. 1982. Nature of the sporoderm in monocotyledons, with special reference to the pollen grains of Canna and Heliconia. Grana 21: 129—148.
Maas, P. J. M. 1985. 195. Cannaceae. In: A. R. A. Görts-van Rijn, ed. 1985+. Flora of the Guianas. Series A: Phanerogams. 1212+ volsfasc. Königstein. VolFasc. 1, pp. xx—xx69—73 .
Maas, P. J. M. and H. Maas. 1988. 223. Cannaceae. In: G. Harling et al., eds. 1973+. Flora of Ecuador. 5660+ volsnos. Göteborg. VolNo. 32, pp. 1–9.
Moore, Thomas. 1892. The Gardener's Assistant. Blackie & Son Ltd.
Percy-Lancaster, S., In an Indian Garden. 1927.
Robinson W., The Subtropical Garden, John Murray, Albemarle St, London, England. 1879.
Rogers, G. K. 1984. The Zingiberales (Cannaceae, Marantaceae, and Zingiberaceae) in the southeastern United States. J. Arnold Arbor. 65: 5—55.
Segeren, W & Maas, PJM - The genus Canna in northern South America (1971), Acta Botanica Neerlandica. 20(6): 663-680.
Tanaka, N. 2001. Taxonomic revision of the family Cannaceae in the New World and Asia. Makinoa ser. 2, 1:34–43.
Woodson, R. E. Jr. and R. W. Schery. 1945. Cannaceae. In: R. E. Woodson Jr. et al., eds. 1943—1981. Flora of Panama. 41 fasc. St. Louis. [Ann. Missouri Bot. Gard. 32: 74—80.]
External links
Cannaceae in Flora of North America
World Checklist of Selected Plant Families
Kew Gardens, London. Search PIC database
Proposal to conserve the name Canna tuerckheimii
PRINCE, LINDA M.* and W. JOHN KRESS. Smithsonian Institution, NMNH - Botany, MRC-166, Washington, DC 20560-0166. - Species boundaries in Canna (Cannaceae): evidence from nuclear ITS DNA sequence data.
University of South Florida, Institute for Systematic Botany
List of Canna species
Canna
Darbehesht () may refer to:
Darbehesht, Fazl
Darbehesht, Mazul
The White Helmets is a 2016 British short documentary film. The film follows the daily operations of a group of volunteer rescue workers of the Syrian Civil Defence, also known as the White Helmets. The film was directed by Orlando von Einsiedel and produced by Joanna Natasegara. It won the Best Documentary (Short Subject) at the 89th Academy Awards.
Synopsis
The White Helmets follow three Syria Civil Defence volunteers as they work in Aleppo and across Syria. The film also follows the three men, who are part of the same unit, as they train in Turkey.
Cast
Khalid Farah
Mohammed Farah
Abu Omar
Raed Saleh
Production
Von Einsiedel said he first became aware of the Syrian Defense Force when he and producer Joanna Natasegara were shown grainy YouTube footage of an infant being dug out from beneath rubble in the aftermath of a bombing. After seeing the footage, Von Einsiedel reached out to the Mayday Rescue Foundation, which provides support to the White Helmets, to ask to join volunteers as they trained in Turkey. Shortly thereafter, Von Einsiedel commissioned Khaleed Khateeb, a volunteer for the Syrian Civil Defense who had been informally documenting rescue missions since 2013, to be the film's videographer.
The film is available in 21 languages and 190 countries.
"Crashing Down", an unreleased Plastic Beach track by Gorillaz featuring the Syrian National Orchestra for Arabic Music, is played during the credits.
Reception
White Helmets won Best Documentary (Short Subject) at the Academy Awards in 2017, but the film's cinematographer, Khaled Khateeb, was unable to attend the awards ceremony due to being denied entry into the United States.
In December 2016 it was announced that George Clooney was in the early stages of developing a feature-length film based on the documentary. In 2017, the film received the Cinema for Peace Most Valuable Documentary of the Year Award.
The White Helmets have an approval rating of 100% on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 6 reviews, and an average rating of 8.50/10.
References
External links
2016 films
2016 documentary films
2016 short films
Best Documentary Short Subject Academy Award winners
British short documentary films
Netflix original documentary films
2010s short documentary films
Documentary films about the Syrian civil war
Films set in Aleppo
2010s English-language films
2010s British films
Lirian () may refer to:
Lirian, Khomeyn
Lirian, Mahallat
Alexander Kinloch Forbes (7 July 1821 – 31 August 1865) was a colonial administrator in British India.
Early life
Forbes was born in London on 7 July 1821 to John Forbes-Mitchell (1786-1822) of Thainston and Ann Powell (m. 1809 d. 1861). He was the youngest among six siblings. He was christened on 9 August 1821 at St. Mary, St. Marylebone, London. He was educated at a school in Finchley. He articled to George Basevi, an architect, for eight months but later joined a college Haileybury as he was appointed to Bombay Civil Service by Sir Charles Forbes in 1840. He left it in 1842 and arrived in Bombay, India in November 1843.
Administrative career
Forbes was appointed in 1842 to the Civil Service of the East India Company, later moved to Bombay in 1843. He spent his initial two and half years as Assistant Collector of Ahmednagar and Khandesh. Later he was appointed as Assistant Judge in Ahmedabad in November 1846 where he noted the absence of literary society. He served in different departments in Gujarat such as First Assistant Collector of Ahmedabad and Political Agent to Mahi Kantha until he went home in March 1854. During this period he collected material which was later published as Ras Mala in 1856.
He went back to England in 1854 and returned at the end of 1856. He was appointed as Assistant Judge at Surat and later, in 1858, appointed to the same post at Khandesh. He returned to Gujarat and applied for the vacant Political Agency of Kathiawar. He was turned down but later moved to Kathiawar in September 1859 to subdue the Indian rebellion of 1857 by the Vaghers. The rebellion subdued by March 1860 and he returned to Surat as the Acting Judge. He was appointed Secretary to the Government in March 1861.
He accepted a post in Sudder Court which made him one of the first six Judges of the Bombay High Court in August 1862. He served there until his death in 1865. He also held the honorary post of Vice Chancellor of the University of Bombay. The A. Kinloch Forbes Gold Medal was awarded for proficiency in law at LL.B. Examination of the university.
Literature
Forbes was introduced to Indian languages and literature through the works of William Jones and was inspired to learn Indian languages. So after moving to Ahmedabad, he began to learn Gujarati language first from Rao Saheb Bhogilal Pranavallabh (1818–1889), and then from Dalpatram, a Gujarati poet. He came into contact with Dalpatram through Bholanath Divetia in 1848. Dalpatram taught him Gujarati while Forbes encouraged him to write in Gujarati. They became close friends. He inspired Dalpatram to write Laxmi Natak published in 1849, the first play in Gujarati, based on Greek drama Plutus.
On 26 December 1848 he started the Gujarat Vernacular Society in Ahmedabad, which contributed to a literary renaissance in Gujarati. The fund of Rs 9601 was raised from locals, Baroda State and British officers. The society started the first public library, first school for girls, first periodical, first newspaper and first literary magazine of Gujarat. He was the president of Andrews Library in Surat in 1850 and founded Gujarati Sabha in Bombay in 1865. Gujarati Sabha was later renamed Farbas Gujarati Sabha after him. He organized conclave of Gujarati poets in 1852 at Idar State. Dalpatram's Farbesvilas was an account of this conclave.
Forbes also had a deep interest in archaeology, ancient monuments and manuscripts, which made him intensely interested in the old archaeological and historical remains of Gujarat. In 1856, he published Ras Mala in two volumes which documented the history and chronicles from 8th century to arrival of British and folk literature of Gujarat as well as an historical account of the place and people he came to know during his stay in Gujarat.
He also translated Dalpatram's essay Bhoot Nibandh as Demonology and Popular Superstitions of Gujarat.
Death
Forbes died in Poona (now Pune, Maharashtra, India) on 31 August 1865 after a brief illness. Dalpatram composed Farbes viraha, a Gujarati elegy in his memory.
Personal life
Forbes married Margaret-Moir Forbes-Mitchell (1825-1 November 1904), daughter of Henry David Forbes-Mitchell of Bawlgownie, in Bombay on 25 March 1846. They had six children; Edward Esme Forbes (1855-1920), Emmeline Maria Elizabeth Forbes, Margaret Theodora Lawrence Forbes (d. 1939), John Fraser Forbes (1847-1887), Henry David Erskine Forbes (1849-1920), and Alexander Abernethie Forbes (b. 1851).
See also
Râs Mâlâ:Hindoo Annals of the Province of Goozerat, in Western India
Further reading
References
1821 births
1865 deaths
Administrators in British India
Gujarati-language writers
People from Finchley
Mahito (written: ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese noble
, Japanese gymnast
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese actor and voice actor
, Japanese composer and orchestrator
Japanese masculine given names
Songs for Swingers is an album by trumpeter Buck Clayton which was recorded in 1958 and released on the Columbia label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "Everyone is in fine form on four of Clayton's originals and four swing standards (including "Mean to Me" and "Sunday"). Even though these middle-aged musicians were thought of by some as being a bit passé, they were all actually still in their musical prime at the time and were enthusiastic about their brand of small-group swing".
Track listing
All compositions by Buck Clayton except where noted.
"Swinging at the Copper Rail" – 3:28
"Outer Drive" – 4:46
"Swingin' Along Broadway" – 6:46
"Night Train" (Jimmy Forrest, Lewis Simpkins, Oscar Washington) – 6:46
"Mean to Me" (Fred E. Ahlert, Roy Turk) – 6:14
"Buckini" – 5:24
"Moonglow" (Will Hudson, Irving Mills, Eddie DeLange) – 6:53
"Sunday" (Chester Conn, Benny Krueger, Ned Miller, Jule Styne) – 5:15
Personnel
Buck Clayton, Emmett Berry – trumpet
Dicky Wells – trombone
Earle Warren – alto saxophone, clarinet
Buddy Tate – tenor saxophone
Al Williams – piano
Gene Ramey – bass
Herbie Lovelle – drums
References
1959 albums
Buck Clayton albums
Columbia Records albums
Pteryx UAV is a Polish Miniature UAV designed for civilian use, manufactured and sold by TriggerComposites. The machine can be classified both as flying RC model and pre-programmed vehicle. It has received a medal for innovative design in the category of micro-enterprises of the Podkarpacie region: Innowator Podkarpacia 2010.
Origin
It uses a custom derivation of FLEXIPILOT, designed by AerialRobotics engineering group for photomapping purposes and civilian use in general.
The avionics and flying platform are designed with the idea of having full operational capability without using either an active transmitter or a groundstation.
Capabilities
Delivering data for generating digital elevation model using external photogrammetric software and orthorectification procedure
(Example: Bezmiechowa 3D model)
Delivering data for precision agriculture obtaining surface maps using mosaicking software
Construction site and long-range linear mapping (up to around 40 km both ways with 2h flight time, reserve included)
(Example: Motorway construction site mapping mission) often requiring georeferencing of the data obtained
Carrying custom research equipment
The camera mount contains either pre-installed compact digital camera, or is left for the user for integration.
The camera can be mounted down-looking (nadir photography) or side-looking (oblique photography).
The whole head can be also tilted in flight using RC transmitter, while reducing stabilization travel to one of the sides.
Features
Its features among miniature (sub-5 kg TOW) civilian UAVs
include roll-stabilized camera head, fully integrated parachute and Rotary Mission Selector. Key design requirements included:
flying multiple missions per day without reprogramming the autopilot (the waypoints being selected by mission selector and evaluated relative to takeoff)
ability to rearrange camera head interior with minimal effort
single button operation
no need for ground station
enclosing the camera for better protection against dirt
ability to accommodate most powerful compact digital camera models, weight range 200...1000g
Takeoff: using bungee, or bungee with rails. Fully automatic takeoff triggered by holding Start button and automatic preflight testing.
Landing: using parachute deployed automatically (possible forced opening using RC transmitter), aircraft style belly landing in automatic mode (only when reusing a single airfield, about 250x100m area required without obstacles on approach) or in manual mode (same as flying RC models).
Precision
(manufacturer's data)
The aircraft provides positions of the photos taken; more than 8000 events can be recorded.
Ground-projected positions include the following errors:
GPS position error up to 5m, usually around 2.5m, this is typical for GPS mounted on flying vehicles.
Altitude drift (up to 5m per 1 hour of flight)
Camera head stabilization precision (transients up to 5 deg, typically 2 deg)
Fuselage pitch due to turbulence (up to 8 deg during hot weather, typically 2 deg in winter)
Camera mounting error (typically 1-4deg if not calibrated)
Heading/yaw error (the aircraft performs crabbing in presence of wind)
Those errors nullify themselves during stitching and orthorectification of the images. The use of a roll-stabilized head increases useful area coverage (reducing distortion at map edges) and improving stitch quality inside during turbulent weather. In order to obtain georeferenced maps, it is necessary to provide positions of the object on-site or simply viewing the stitched image in Google Earth (accepting occasional 50m position error vs true coordinates, but usually correct dimensions).
Typical orthophoto map precision (mean reprojection errors):
10 cm horizontal
30 cm vertical
around 2.5m global shift to be removed with a few locally measured points
The precision of an orthophoto map created with professional processing chain depends on Ground Sampling Distance or Ground Pixel Size (variable 5 cm/pixel to 20 cm/pixel depending on flight altitude). With Ground Control Points provided, horizontal accuracy of the map as a whole improves from a few meters to GSD (5 cm to 20 cm). Vertical accuracy of produced DSM (always internally generated for orthorectification) is in the order of 3 GSD, i.e., 15 cm to 60 cm. Regardless of the use of Ground Control Points, the map is self-consistent geometrically within 1 GSD.
Data processing strategies
Several data processing approaches are possible depending on application:
Direct photo examination
Non-georeferenced image stitching using free software
Using free 3D modelling services, as mentioned in examples section
Importing each photo as ground overlay in Google Earth (semi-automatic with supplied software)
Using pre-paid service based on cloud computing, yielding a result in hours (delivers Orto photomap and optionally DSM)
Local processing using specialized GIS software created specifically for large scale image mosaicking (delivers Orto photomap and optionally DSM)
System components
Fuselage
3-section wings with mounting screws
Horizontal stabilizer section
Parachute
User's equipment
LiPo batteries (user's equipment)
Laptop or netbook for occasional diagnostics or data log download (not required for takeoff nor pre-flight)
Compact digital camera
RC controller compliant with local laws (see Radio-controlled aircraft Transmitting and Receiving Frequencies)
General characteristics
Masses:
Maximum takeoff weight 5.0 kg (fits RC model plane regulations in most countries)
Dimensions:
Wingspan: 2.8 m
Length: 1.4 m
Height: 0.33 m
Propulsion: brushless DC electric motor and rechargeable lithium polymer battery
Endurance: 55min with 1 kg payload, 120min with 450g payload
V speeds:
VC: around 50 km/h
VS: 34–38 km/h depending on TOW
VA: 120 km/h
VNE: 160 km/h
Flight altitude:
Service Ceiling 3000m Pteryx Lite
Service Ceiling 1200m Pteryx Pro
Cruise altitude 100-520m AGL, 250m typical - dictated by photo resolution
Handling:
Assembly time: Around 5min (only 2 screws and no electrical connections).
Materials: Custom fiberglass composite material covered with durable red gelcoat, carbon fiber and Kevlar reinforcements, wood and other plastics. A choice of wooden or all-composite wings with styrofoam core, painted and waterproof.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120112174709/http://pteryx.eu/Project webpages
Unmanned aerial vehicles of Poland
Diamond Safari may refer to:
Diamond Safari (1958 film), an American film
Diamond Safari (1966 film), a French film
Patterson Place is a neighborhood in east Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
East Baltimore
The Loch Lomond and Cowal Way is a waymarked footpath through the Cowal peninsula, in Argyll and Bute, between Portavadie on Cowal and Inveruglas on Loch Lomond side. It was formerly known as the Cowal Way, but was renamed in December 2018 to reflect the fact that half of the route lies with the Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park. The way is long, and is suitable for both walkers and mountain bikers. Much of the route is also suitable for experienced horseriders, although in some places steps, narrow footbridges and gates may restrict access for horses. A review to identify these obstacles and suggest alternative routes and/or remedial measures was undertaken in 2016.
The route was first established in 2000, and is managed by the Colintraive and Glendaruel Development Trust. It was renamed in 2018 to in order to increase usage of the trail, as the Trust considered that Loch Lomond had higher brand recognition in the target markets.
Since 2016 the trail has been listed as one of Scotland's Great Trails by NatureScot. The route is fully waymarked with the Loch Lomond and Cowal Way logo, which depicts a stylised image of a path in a landscape of hills and lochs. The trail links directly to another of the Great Trails, the Three Lochs Way, which shares the section between Arrochar and Inveruglas. There are also indirect links to three further Great Trails at both end points of the Loch Lomond and Cowal Way: at Portavadie there is a Caledonian MacBrayne ferry service to Tarbert, which is one of termini of the Kintyre Way, whilst at Inveruglas there is a passenger ferry across Loch Lomond to Inversnaid, which is one of the termini of the Great Trossachs Path, and lies on the West Highland Way.
As of 2018 around 45,000 people use the way each year, of whom over 3,000 walk, cycle or run the complete route. The top five markets for users are Scotland, England, the Netherlands, Germany, and North America.
References
External links
Loch Lomond and Cowal Way official website
Visit Scotland microsite for the Cowal peninsula
Cowal
Loch Lomond and Cowal Way
Loch Lomond
Loch Lomond and Cowal Way
The Diocese of Gabii or Diocese of Gabi (Latin: Dioecesis Gabinus) was a Roman Catholic diocese in the ancient city Gabii in the region of Latium, located due east of Rome along the Via Praenestina, which was in early times known as the Via Gabin. In 1060, it was suppressed to the Suburbicarian See of Palestrina. It was restored as a Titular Episcopal See in 1966. The current bishop is Paolo Ricciardi.
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
The Ministry of Energy is the national Ministry of Energy of Mauritania, located in Nouakchott. It is located on the corner of Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser and the Nouadhibou Highway, near the Grand National Hospital of Mauritania.
References
Government of Mauritania
Nouakchott
Sarchinu () may refer to:
Sarchinu Bala
Sarchinu Pain
Sass, Saß or SASS may refer to:
SASS
M110 Semi-Automatic Sniper System (or M110 SASS)
Safe Amplification Site Society, a non-profit organization that promotes music and the arts within Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences
Single Action Shooting Society, a sanctioning organisation for cowboy action shooting
Society for the Advancement of Scandinavian Study
South African Secret Service
the secondary school of Saint Andrew's School, Singapore
Sabarimala Ayyappa Seva Samajam, a non-profit organisation and an affiliate of Sangh Parivar
As a name or nickname
Sass (surname)
Cassandra Freedman, a fictional character nicknamed "Sass" from the Australian soap opera Neighbours
Sara Sass Jordan (born 1962), Canadian singer
Sass Henno (born 1982), Estonian writer
Other uses
Sass, a slang term for 3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)
Sass (stylesheet language), Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets
Sass music, a subgenre of hardcore punk and screamo
See also
Sass and Bide, Australian fashion label
SASS-C, the Surveillance Analysis Support System for ATC-Centre
Sasse (disambiguation)
Sassy (disambiguation)
Saas (disambiguation)
SAS (disambiguation)
Publique Sportive Mouara is an association football club from the Central African Republic based in Bangui.
The team has won the Central African Republic League in 1981 and 1986.
Stadium
Currently the team plays at the 35,000 capacity Barthelemy Boganda Stadia.
Honours
Central African Republic League: 1981, 1986
References
External links
Publique Sportive Mouara - Wildstat
Publique Sportive Mouara - Foot-base
Football clubs in the Central African Republic
Bangui
D.J. Kane (born 1964, Newry, County Down) is a former Gaelic footballer from Northern Ireland. He played with his local club Newry Mitchels but moved to Newry Shamrocks and was a member of the Down senior inter-county team from the 1980s until the 1990s. Kane captained Down to the All-Ireland title in 1994.
Personal life
His brother Val had been a substitute on the Down team that won the All-Ireland title in 1968.
He is the uncle of Irish actress Valene Kane.
Honours
Dr. McKenna Cup (5) 1987 1989 1992 1996 1998
Ryan Cup (3) 1987 1988 1989
Railway Cup (3) 1993 1994 1995
Ulster Senior Football Championship (2) 1991 1994 (C)
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship (2) 1991 1994 (C)
Sigerson Cup (2) 1986 1987 (C)
Down Minor Football Championship (1)1981 1982
Ulster Under-21 Football Championship (1) 1984
GAA GPA All Stars Awards (1) 1994
MacRory Cup (1) 1982
Down Senior Football League (1) 1997
National Football League Division 2 (1) 1988
National Football League Division 3 (1) 1997
References
1964 births
Living people
All-Ireland-winning captains (football)
Down inter-county Gaelic footballers
Newry Mitchels Gaelic footballers
Sportspeople from Newry
Tír Chonaill Gaels Gaelic footballers
Ulster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Winners of two All-Ireland medals (Gaelic football)
Anupshahr is a major village located in Bhadra, Rajasthan tehsil, Hanumangarh District, India. It belongs to Bikaner division. It is popular as name "Nopra". It is an Historical village located some 24 km south-west of Bhadra and around 134 km off to Hanumangarh.It also located at border of Hanumangarh District. Anupshahr can be reached from Anupshahr, the nearest railway station. It is 50 km off National Highway NH-52 and 285 km from State capital Jaipur. It is 230 km from national capital New Delhi.
Demographics
According to 2011 Census of India, Anupshahr Town had a population of 4,177, of which male and female are 2142 and 2035 respectively. The sex ratio was 950 and 14.17% were under six years of age. The effective literacy rate was 69.26%, with male literacy at 79.29% and female literacy at 58.71%.
Climate
Education
The village has One Government Higher Secondary School for boys and girls, one Government Primary School.
There are also a number of Non-Government Schools for Middle, and Secondary Education.
Govt. Sr. Secondary School, Anupshahr
Govt. Balika Secondary School, Anupshahr (Girls)
Govt. upper Primary School, ward Number 1 Anupshahr
Govt. primary school Bhata wala johar, Anupshahr
R.L. memo. school, Anupshahr
S.D. Model sr. sec. school, Anupshahr
Sarswati vidhya mandir school, Anupshahr
References
Villages in Hanumangarh district
Sondra Schlesinger is an American virologist and professor emeritus at the Washington University School of Medicine.
Early life and education
Schlesinger was born in New Jersey in 1934. She was an undergraduate at University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, graduating in 1956 with a degree in chemistry; she remained at the same institution for doctoral work and received her Ph.D. in biochemistry in 1960. She then worked as a postdoctoral fellow at the Istituto Superiore di Sanità in Italy and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Academic career
In 1964, Schlesinger joined the faculty of the Department of Microbiology and Immunology (now called the Department of Molecular Microbiology) at the Washington University School of Medicine. She was the first woman faculty member in the department. She remained at the school for the rest of her career, with sabbaticals and visiting positions at the Imperial Cancer Research Fund Laboratories and at Harvard University. She advanced to full professor in 1977. Schlesinger retired and assumed professor emeritus status in 2001.
Schlesinger's research interests focused on microbial genetics and later on the study of enveloped RNA viruses. With her husband and fellow WUSTL professor Milton Schlesinger, she co-edited a major reference work on togaviruses and flaviviruses.
Schlesinger was elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1996 and served in a number of leadership positions for the organization. She was the president of the American Society for Virology from 1992-1993. She has an interest in the history of science and maintains a website with the support of the ASV documenting the history of molecular virology. She has also served as an interviewer and oral historian on the same subjects, publishing long interviews with Herman Eisen and Howard Schachman.
References
American virologists
Washington University School of Medicine faculty
University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts alumni
1934 births
Living people
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Andrew Barcham (born 16 December 1986) is an English professional footballer who last played for AFC Wimbledon as a winger.
Career
Tottenham Hotspur and loan to Leyton Orient
Born in Basildon, Essex, Barcham became a full-time member of the Tottenham Hotspur academy, and became a professional footballer in 2005. He made 19 appearances for the reserve team, including 15 starts and scored a goal in the win against Arsenal that gave Tottenham an initiative in the title race. That season, he was also top scorer for the under-18's side, with 10 goals in 22 starts. An extremely tenacious forward, he was used predominantly on the right for Tottenham's reserves.
In November 2006, Barcham made his first team debut for the Tottenham Hotspur's in the Football League Cup win against Port Vale. In November 2007 he joined Leyton Orient on loan until the end of the season, and made his debut against Millwall.
Gillingham
Barcham joined Gillingham of League Two on 25 September 2008, originally on loan, and made his debut in a home victory against Port Vale two days later, a game in which he was named as Man of the Match. He scored his first goal for the Gills in the 2–0 home victory over Chester City, and signed for the Kent club on a six-month deal in January 2009. Barcham was named the Kent side's Player of the Season in 2009–10. He signed a two-year contract with the club that summer, but left at its conclusion in 2011.
Scunthorpe United
On 28 June, Barcham signed for League One side Scunthorpe United on a two-year deal. He made his debut on 13 August, scoring the equalising goal of a 1–1 home draw against Preston North End. He finished the season as the club's top scorer, with nine goals.
On 3 May 2013, he was released by Scunthorpe after the club was relegated to League Two.
Portsmouth
Later in the month, Barcham signed for Portsmouth on a three-year contract. He made his debut in a 4–1 home defeat to Oxford United on 3 August 2013, and scored his first goal on 24 August, in a 2–2 away draw against Mansfield Town.
AFC Wimbledon
On 1 July 2015, after rescinding his deal with Pompey, Barcham signed for AFC Wimbledon.
Barcham was released by AFC Wimbledon on 11 May 2019.
Career statistics
1 Including the Football League Trophy.
Honours
AFC Wimbledon
Football League Two play-offs: 2016
Individual
AFC Wimbledon Team of the Decade (2010s)
Gillingham Player of the Season: 2009–10
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Basildon
English footballers
England youth international footballers
Association football wingers
Association football forwards
Association football utility players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Gillingham F.C. players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
Portsmouth F.C. players
AFC Wimbledon players
English Football League players
Mari Heini Emilia Pehkonen (born 6 February 1985) is a Finnish retired ice hockey player. She represented Finland in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2006 Winter Olympics and won bronze medals at the IIHF Women's World Championships in 2008 and 2009.
Playing career
Finland
Pehkonen competed in the Naisten SM-sarja ('Women's Finnish Championship Series') during 1999 to 2005, playing with Tappara Naiset (1999–2004) and Ilves Naiset (2004–05), both based in her home city of Tampere. She debuted in the league with Tappara in the 1999–2000 season. at age fourteen. She was named team MVP in 2002–03 and was Tappara's scoring leader in the 2003–04 season.
In the 2004–05 Naisten SM-sarja season, Pehkonen transferred to the Tampereen Ilves Naiset, joining a star studded roster that included Maija Hassinen-Sullanmaa, Jenni Hiirikoski, Nina Linde, Mari Saarinen, Eveliina Similä, and Saara Niemi (), among other stars of international ice hockey. Though she played in just 10 regular season games, she led the team in goals, with 19, and set a still-standing club record of 3.30 points per game in a season. Her scoring totals ranked second in the league for goals, trailing only the legendary Karoliina Rantamäki, and third in the league for points. In the 2005 Finnish Championship playoffs, she contributed a goal to the team's silver medal finish. Also in 2005, she won gold at the Finnish Championship tournament in under-20 ice hockey with the Ilves U20 team, finishing as the top goal scorer of the competition.
NCAA hockey
Pehkonen joined the Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey program of the NCAA Division I as an incoming freshman for the 2005–06 season. She played one season with the program, registering 8 goals and 14 points, before transferring to the Providence Friars women's ice hockey program, also of the NCAA Division I.
As a sophomore, she played in 34 of the Friars' 36 games. She led the team with 18 goals. Her 29 points were the most by a sophomore, and the third highest total on the team. In addition, she led the team with 12 power play goals and scored 10 power play goals in Hockey East play (tied for first in the conference). She led the Friars in game-winning goals with four.
International play
Pehkonen was a member of the Finnish national under-22 team during 2002 to 2005 and was the leading scorer for two out of three seasons.
In 2005, she was selected to the Finnish Olympic delegation for the 2006 Olympics. She made her senior national team debut in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2006 Olympics. Across five Olympic matches Pehkonen led all Finns in scoring, with three goals – netting one goal each against , , and the during the preliminary round.
She was selected to play for Finland in the 2007 IIHF World Championships, where she registered a goal and an assist in Finland's five games. At the 2008 IIHF World Champhionships, she scored three goals and two assists and was voted Team Finland's Most Outstanding Forward.
Personal life
Pehkonen also played association football in her youth and was a member of the Finnish women's national under-17 football team in 2001.
Player statistics
International
Awards and honors
Hockey East All-Tournament team, 2007
Hockey East All-Tournament Team, 2008
References
1985 births
Living people
Ice hockey people from Tampere
Finnish women's ice hockey forwards
Ilves Naiset players
Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey players
Providence Friars women's ice hockey players
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Tappara Naiset players
Caliban upon Setebos is a poem written by the British poet Robert Browning and published in his 1864 Dramatis Personae collection. It deals with Caliban, a character from Shakespeare's The Tempest, and his reflections on Setebos, the brutal god believed in by himself and his late mother Sycorax. Some scholars see Browning as being of the belief that God is in the eye of the beholder, and this is emphasized by a barbaric character believing in a barbaric god. An offshoot of this interpretation is the argument that Browning is applying evolutionary theory to religious development. Others feel that he was satirizing theologians of his time, who attempted to understand God as a reflection of themselves; this theory is supported by the epigraph, Psalm 50:21, "Thou thoughtest that I was altogether such a one as thyself." This could be taken as God mocking Caliban (and Browning's contemporaries) for their methods of attempting to understand Him (see note at the bottom of ).
Excerpt
The poem begins (text in [brackets]) with a brief narration, but quickly moves to Caliban's monologue, in which he contemplates his god:
Citations
References
Tracy, C.R. (1938). "Caliban Upon Setebos". Studies in Philology 35 (3): 487–499.
Tebbetts, T.L. (1984). "The Question of Satire in 'Caliban Upon Setebos". Victorian Poetry 22 (4): 365–381.
External links
Sparknote's study guide of the poem
The text of the poem at Representative Poetry Online
Poetry by Robert Browning
1864 poems
Works based on The Tempest
Chubasco is a 1968 American drama film written and directed by Allen H. Miner. The film stars Richard Egan, Christopher Jones, Susan Strasberg, Ann Sothern, Simon Oakland and Audrey Totter. The film was released by Warner Bros.-Seven Arts on June 5, 1968.
Plot
Cast
Richard Egan as Sebastian
Christopher Jones as Chubasco
Susan Strasberg as Bunny
Ann Sothern as Angela
Simon Oakland as Laurindo
Audrey Totter as Theresa
Preston Foster as Nick
Peter Whitney as Matt
Edward Binns as Judge North
Joe De Santis as Benito
Norman Alden as Frenchy
Stewart Moss as Les
Ron Rich as Juno
Milton Frome as Police Sergeant
Ernest Sarracino as Juan
Suzanne Benoit as Edna Belle
Lili Valenty as Maria
References
External links
1968 films
1960s coming-of-age drama films
American coming-of-age drama films
Films about fishing
Films scored by William Lava
Films set in California
Seafaring films
Warner Bros. films
1968 drama films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Radical 86 or radical fire () meaning "fire" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 639 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
In the Chinese wuxing ("Five Phases"), 火 represents the element Fire. In Taoist cosmology, 火 (Fire) is the nature component of the Ba gua diagram Lí.
is also the 95th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China, with being its associated indexing component.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+706B
086
095
Gary Worthan (born January 11, 1954) is the Iowa State Representative from the 11th District. He has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2007, having won a December 13, 2006 special election to replace the deceased Mary Lou Freeman, who had run unopposed in the general election. Smith was born and lives in Storm Lake, Iowa. He has an A.A. in farm operations from Iowa State University.
, Worthan serves on several committees in the Iowa House – the Appropriations committee, the Judiciary committee, the Public Safety committee, and the Veterans Affairs committee. He also serves as chair of the Justice System Appropriations Subcommittee.
In 2018, he was instrumental in killing a pilot program that aimed to limit the number of people awaiting trial in jail because they cannot afford bail. Worthan was chairman of the subcommittee that oversaw the judicial budget; the editorial board of the Des Moines Register, which called the pilot program a "worthwhile experiment in criminal justice reform" criticized Worthan for scrapping the program only weeks before the end of a legislative session ("a time-honored method for legislators and lobbyists to try to slip provisions into law with little notice or public scrutiny"), and the lawmakers for protecting "special interests". On August 30, 2019 CNN reported that Josh Lederman , a co owner of Lederman Bail Bonds, had made significant donations to Worthan's Campaign, alongside donations to other Iowa Republicans.
In April 2019, Worthan proposed legislation that would curtail the powers of the Iowa Attorney General to limit the office's ability to take part in lawsuits. Tom Miller, the Democratic Attorney General, had joined six lawsuits against Trump administration policies, such as the family separation policy.
Electoral history
References
External links
Representative Gary Worthan official Iowa General Assembly site
Financial information (state office) at the National Institute for Money in State Politics
Profile at Iowa House Republicans
1954 births
Iowa State University alumni
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
Living people
People from Storm Lake, Iowa
Iowa Republicans
21st-century American politicians
Musica Fiata, also Musica Fiata Köln, is a German instrumental ensemble, founded in Cologne in 1976 by director Roland Wilson. According to AllMusic it is "appreciated for its dynamic vivacity, virtuosic precision, and the historical accuracy of its performance practices." The group has collaborated with La Capella Ducale on numerous occasions and has a reputation for performing Renaissance works and Baroque wind music.
References
External links
Official site
German musical groups
Musical groups established in 1976
1976 establishments in West Germany
Santa Maria Maior (Portuguese meaning Saint Mary the Great) is a civil parish in the eastern part of the municipality of Funchal on the island of Madeira. The population in 2011 was 13,352, in an area of 4.86 km2.
History
From the initial founding of Funchal, the island of Madeira was peppered with small settlements along the coasts near access to the sea. The settlement that would later take on the name of Santa Maria Maior developed spontaneously from the first homes constructed in 1425. This agglomeration extended from Ribeira do João Gomes until Corpo Santo, along the beachfront, and concentrated around a small temple constructed to the invocation of Santa Maria, or Santa Maria do Calhau as it was briefly known. Santa Maria do Calhau, constructed in 1430, served the congregations east of the bay of Funchal, and was also known as Nossa Senhora da Conceição de Baixo (), or simply Santa Maria Maior. The chapel was the seat of the parish of Santa Maria Maior until 1508, when the Church of the Sé Catedral was completed, and the parishioners were obligated to transfer there for services. Santa Maria Maior was the first parish to be instituted in Funchal. Its name was given, as some historians believe, because it was constructed in larger proportions than the chapel consecrated in the name of Nossa Senhora da Conceição ordered built by João Gonçalves Zarco (on the present site of the Church of Santa Clara). Zarco's chapel was known as Nossa Senhora da Conceição de Cima (meaning, geographically, top for its location), in opposition to Nossa Senhora da Conceição de Baixo (which means "bottom"), but referred to as Nossa Senhora do Calhau, because it was built on the coast (calhau is Portuguese for rock-covered beaches, typical of the Azores and Madeira).
The Church of Nossa Senhora do Calhau was destroyed, various times, by storm surges that battered the southern coast, eventually forcing many to concentrate in central Funchal, forming the central agglomeration of that municipality. Meanwhile, the construction of the Sé Catedral resulted in a dramatic population growth, and Santa Maria Maior lost its role as the parish seat to Sé. In 1557, Santa Maria Maior is divided into two individual parishes: Sé, seat in the Sé Cathedral and Santa Maria Maior, whose seat remained at the Church of Nossa Senhora do Calhau. On 18 November 1557, in accord with ecclesiastical authorities, the parish of Santa Maria Maior was established: its head was the vicar António Mourão.
Socially, the population was dominated by artisans and "men of office", although subsistence agriculture was important.
After an alluvial flood in 1803, that destroyed a great part of the Church of Nossa Senhora do Calhau, the parish seat moved to the Church of São Tiago (who had become the patron saint of Funchal). Finally, the ruins of the chapel were demolished in 1835, so that in its place (at the beginning of the Rua de Santa Maria Maior) was possible the construction of the Mercado da União (), which too was later removed in 1911.
In 1851 the Jewish Cemetery of Funchal was built in Rua do Lazareto, which still exists today.
In 1940 the Mercado dos Lavradores was opened.
Santa Maria Maior too was influenced by the evolution of the economic cycles, primarily wheat, sugar and wine, which developed the island in successive decades.
The administration of the parish remained under the ecclesiastical administration of the church, and through parish commissioners, who were later substituted by magistrates who were proposed by the municipal council.
Geography
It is located about 3 km east of the urban centre of Funchal, 4.5 km southwest Camacha and only 3 km west Caniço. The area is an urbanized section of the municipality of Funchal linked by ancillary roads to other sections of the island, as well as roadway that extends across the island. Until the mid-20th century, much of the interior of this parish was pasture and agricultural lands (central and western section), with denser forest in the northeast and northwest. The encroachment of urban housing, especially after the Carnation Revolution resulted in a transformation of this area into an ancillary bedroom community of Funchal.
See also
Quinta da Boa Vista orchid center
References
Parishes of Funchal
Paratriaenops pauliani is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is endemic to Aldabra Atoll of the western Seychelles, where it was found on Picard Island. It was formerly considered to be part of the species Triaenops furculus, known from Madagascar, and was initially assigned as a new species within the genus Triaenops. Later it as well as T. furculus were placed in the separate genus Paratriaenops. A related species, Paratriaenops auritus, also of Madagascar, was similarly reassigned.
While its conservation status has not been formally assessed, given its small range and presumed small population, it is thought to be precarious, possibly critically endangered. Reports of P. pauliani from Cosmoledo Atoll east of Aldabra are believed to be erroneous descriptions of individuals actually collected on Picard Island.
See also
List of bats of Madagascar
References
Mammals described in 2008
Paratriaenops
Bats of Africa
Chivito is the national dish of Uruguay. It is a thin slice of tender cooked beef steak (churrasco), with mozzarella, ham, tomatoes, mayonnaise and black or green olives, and commonly also bacon, fried or hard-boiled eggs, served as a sandwich in a bun, often accompanied by French fried potatoes. Other ingredients, such as red beets, peas, grilled or pan-fried red peppers, and slices of cucumber, may be added.
In Argentina a sandwich of this sort is called lomito.
Origin
Chivito is the diminutive of chivo, goat, and means kid (young goat). In neighbouring Argentina, chivito, barbecued kid, is a popular asado dish; it is reported that the Uruguayan chivito arose in Punta del Este, Uruguay, at a restaurant called "El Mejillón Bar" in 1946, when a woman from Argentina ordered a sandwich of chivito for a hurried meal, expecting kid. The restaurant owner, Antonio Carbonaro, did not have this meat, and used beef fillet steak instead.
Variations
The Canadian Chivito (in Spanish chivito canadiense) is a variation of the sandwich, with the addition of panceta.
The chivito can be served as a platter rather than a sandwich (chivito al plato). It is usually served with Russian salad or French fries.
Maldonado, Uruguay
Maldonado, Uruguay, holds a chivito party on a date close to Maldonado Day, October 19. Activities typically include food tasting, children's activities (pony rides, milking cows), and live music. and dance presentations.
The second party was held in Plaza San Fernando on October 19–21, 2012, and third on October 17–21, 2013.
See also
List of sandwiches
Roast beef sandwich
References
Further reading
History of the Chivito from the local government in Maldonado (Spanish only)
invention of the Chivito (Spanish only)
External links
Uruguayan cuisine
National dishes
Bacon sandwiches
Cheese sandwiches
Egg sandwiches
Uruguayan inventions
Olive dishes
Beef steak dishes
Beef sandwiches
Total Carnage is a multidirectional shooter arcade video game originally developed and published by Midway in North America in January 1992. Set in the fictional country of Kookistan during 1999, players assume the role of Captain Carnage and Major Mayhem from the Doomsday Squad in a last-ditch effort to overthrow dictator General Akhboob and his army of mutants from conquering the world, while also rescuing POWs held by his military force.
Total Carnage was created by most of the same team who previously worked on Williams' 1990 arcade game Smash TV and shares many gameplay elements. Initially released in arcades, the game was ported to the Amiga, Amiga CD32, Atari Jaguar, Game Boy, MS-DOS, and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. The game has been ported to multiple compilations, such as Midway Arcade Treasures 2, Midway Arcade Treasures Deluxe Edition and Midway Arcade Origins.
The arcade version of Total Carnage received positive reception from critics, but it was not successful financially. The ports were met with mixed critical response. Designer Mark Turmell would go to work on the highly successful NBA Jam.
Gameplay
Total Carnage is a multidirectional shooter similar to Smash TV where players assume the role of Captain Carnage (P1) and Major Mayhem (P2) from the Doomsday Squad across three stages, each with a boss at the end that must be fought before progressing any further, in a last-ditch effort to overthrow dictator General Akhboob and his army of mutants from conquering the world by invading Akhboob's "Baby Milk Factory" base, while also rescuing POWs held by his military force as the main objective. The players' characters are patterned after John Rambo while the setting is influenced by the 1991 Persian Gulf War (including the Abu Ghraib Infant Formula Plant).
Players move their respective characters with the left joystick, while the right joystick shoots bullets against enemies. Players can also enter a password at the beginning of the game to warp their player character into any location of the game. Getting hit by enemy fire or colliding against dangerous stage obstacles will result in losing a life and once all lives are lost, the game is over unless the players insert more credits into the arcade machine to continue playing.
The game shares many gameplay elements with Williams' previous title, while also adding new ones as well including two-player simultaneous play, stage scrolling, large enemy vehicles, the ability to collect and place bombs, and a much wider range of gameplay scenarios.
Development
Total Carnage was created by most of the same team behind Williams' Smash TV, some of which would also later go on to work at other Midway franchise such as Mortal Kombat and NBA Jam. Mark Turmell served as lead developer and programmer of the project alongside Shawn Liptak and Robotron: 2084 co-creator Eugene Jarvis. Artists Jim Gentile, John Tobias and Tony Goskie were responsible for the pixel art, while Jonathan Hey was in charge of its sound design. Mortal Kombat co-creator Ed Boon was the voice of General Akhboob.
Originally the game was programmed to display one of two endings upon completion of the Pleasure Dome bonus stage. One ending would feature the women and playable characters from Smash TV and was to be displayed if the player collected all the treasures in the dome. A second "bad" ending showed the same screen without the women along with a message challenging the player to collect all the dome's treasure. However, a bug in the game caused the "good" ending to be displayed with the "bad" ending text no matter how many treasures were collected. The bug was uncovered during the testing for 2012's Midway Arcade Origins compilation. In response, Turmell stated that he remembers writing working code for both endings, but was not sure why the code was changed. He suggested that he might have kept the bug as a joke on players and went unfixed in Origins.
Amiga version
The Amiga and CD32 versions were created by UK-based developer International Computer Entertainment, with Keith Weatherly and Simon Fox acting as programmers of the conversion, while Ellen Hopkins and Mike Jary were responsible for adapting the artwork as well. Both Weatherly and Fox recounted the development process and history of the Amiga version between 1993 and 1994 through publications such as The One for Amiga Games and Amiga Format. Weatherly and Fox stated that the conversion took over a year to develop with Midway supervising its production and the team originally had plans to integrate elements that were scrapped from the original arcade release but were ultimately discarded in the end. Midway provided both artwork and source code of the arcade original to the team at ICE, although adapting the former into the Amiga proved to be difficult, as both Weatherly and Fox stated that the number of colors and animations were reduced to fit the hardware.
Release
Total Carnage was first released in arcades by Midway in January 1992. In late 1993, The game was ported to the Super Nintendo Entertainment System by Black Pearl Software and published by Malibu Games. This version mimics the dual control aspect of the arcade original by mapping the console's four main buttons (A, B, X and Y) like a D-pad, enabling the player to shoot in one direction while running in another. In February 1994, a Game Boy port of the title was released by Malibu Games across North America and Europe. In mid-1994, it was also ported to the Amiga and Amiga CD32 by International Computer Entertainment. Around the same time period, a MS-DOS conversion by British developer Hand Made Software was released as well. The original arcade game was first re-released in 2004 as part of Midway Arcade Treasures 2 for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Nintendo GameCube game consoles. In 2005, an Atari Jaguar version by Hand Made Software that previously went unpublished was released worldwide by Songbird Productions, nearly ten years after work on the game originally began. The arcade version was later re-released in 2006 as part of Midway Arcade Treasures Deluxe Edition for the PC and in 2012 as part of Midway Arcade Origins for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Cancelled ports
Versions for both the Sega CD and Sega Genesis were in development by Black Pearl Software and planned to be published by Malibu Games but neither port were officially released to the public for unknown reasons, despite being advertised and previewed in a few video game magazines. A prototype cartridge of the Genesis port is currently under ownership of video game collector Jason Wilson.
Reception and legacy
RePlay reported Total Carnage to be the third most-popular arcade game in the United States in May 1992. According to Liptak, Total Carnage failed to reach the target of 2,000 arcade cabinets ordered. The game's slow sales resulted in Turmell taking on a different project for his next game, which would become the highly successful NBA Jam.
In a coin-op feature, Sinclair User rated the arcade game 96% and called it a "classic cartoon style cathartic experience", dubbing it the "best game of 1992". In 2009, the game's trademark was abandoned.
Notes
References
External links
Total Carnage at AtariAge
Total Carnage at GameFAQs
Total Carnage at Giant Bomb
Total Carnage at Killer List of Videogames
Total Carnage at MobyGames
1992 video games
Alternate history video games
Amiga games
Amiga 1200 games
Arcade video games
Atari Jaguar games
Cancelled Sega CD games
Cancelled Sega Genesis games
Amiga CD32 games
Cooperative video games
DOS games
Fictional mutants
Game Boy games
Hand Made Software games
ICE Software games
Malibu Interactive games
Midway video games
Multidirectional shooters
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Songbird Productions games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games scored by Jonathan Hey
Video games set in the 1990s
Video games set in 1999
Video games with alternate endings
Sefwi Bekwai is a small town in Bibiani Anhwiaso Bekwai District in the Western Region of Ghana.
References
Populated places in the Western Region (Ghana)
This is a list of people, who have been heads of government of the Republic of Estonia from 1918, either as a Chairman of the Council of Elders (1918), Prime Minister (1918-1920; 1934-1940 and from 1990), State Elder (1920–1934) or President-Regent (1937–1938). The office of Prime Minister (Peaminister) first came into use soon after Estonia gained its independence in 1918. From 1918 to 1934, Estonia used a parliamentary political system, where the presidency and ministry were subject to parliamentary confidence, but instead of a presidential office, the government was headed by a Prime Minister and from 1920 to 1934, a similar office called State Elder (Riigivanem).
The 1934 constitution gave the State Elder the role of the president, with a separate head of government created, restoring the office of Prime Minister. The new system was obstructed by a 1934 coup d'état by head of government Konstantin Päts. During his authoritarian era (1934–1937), he ruled as both Prime Minister and State Elder. The latter office was entrusted to him briefly until the presidential elections. In 1937, the two offices were combined into the office of President-Regent (Riigihoidja), but the situation was again changed with the 1938 constitution, when Konstantin Päts gave up the office of Prime Minister to a new officeholder.
The Soviet occupation of Estonia in 1940 made Johannes Vares the new Prime Minister of Estonia, but his rule was later declared to have been illegal. According to the 1938 constitution, Prime Minister was to lead the presidency in case the President couldn't be elected, a move that was implemented for the Estonian Government in Exile. The interim government restored the office of Prime Minister in 1990.
List of heads of government
Statistics
Time in office
A total of 23 people have headed the Government of Estonia, 13 before and 10 after the Soviet occupation. Konstantin Päts headed the government for the longest, a total of 3,563 days during six different terms (2,059 days without his authoritarian era). Andrus Ansip is the second longest office holder with 3,271 days, having been democratically in office longer than Päts.
The shortest time in office was for Ado Birk, when he served as Prime Minister for only 3 days and never actually stepping into office. Acting Prime Minister Otto Tief was in office for 8 days between the German and Soviet occupations in 1944. Ants Piip, August Rei, Jüri Uluots, Juhan Kukk, Friedrich Karl Akel and Jüri Jaakson were also in office for less than a year.
Number and length of terms
Konstantin Päts served a total of six terms, although his sixth term turned into an authoritarian regime. Jaan Tõnisson was in office four times, although there was just one full day of Ado Birk's cabinet between his first two terms. Otto August Strandman, Jaan Teemant, Karl August Einbund (named Kaarel Eenpalu during his second term in the semi-authoritarian era), Tiit Vähi (first term during the interim period) and Mart Laar all served two terms in office.
Longest average term lengths are all in the reindependence period with Andrus Ansip in the lead (3,271 days), Jüri Ratas second (1,525 days) and Mart Laar third (895 days). Longest interwar average term is held by Konstantin Päts (594 days). During the interwar democratic era however, the longest average term was achieved by Jaan Teemant (439 days), followed by Otto August Strandman (389 days) and by Konstantin Päts himself (383 days).
The era before occupation had the shortest average term lengths with the two extremes of Ado Birk (3 days) and Otto Tief (8 days), but also Ants Piip with 92 days. Jaan Tõnisson also had an average term length of only 216 days. Andres Tarand (with 161 days) and Siim Kallas (with 438 days) have the shortest average term lengths during the reindependence era.
Age at assuming office
Mart Laar was only 32 years old when he became Prime Minister in 1992. Ado Birk, Ants Piip, Juhan Kukk, Taavi Rõivas, Edgar Savisaar, Mart Laar (2nd term in 1999) and Juhan Parts were also in their 30s when appointed. Jaan Tõnisson was 64 when stepping into office in 1933. The rest were in their 40s or 50s when assuming office, average age at appointment is 48.
Notes
List of heads of government
When Will the World Be Mine? is a 1953 picture book written by Miriam Schlein and illustrated by Jean Charlot. The book tells the story of a curious rabbit. The book was a recipient of a 1954 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations.
References
1953 children's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
Homer Bates Chase (c. 1917 – August 29, 1985) was an activist in the American Communist Party. He was the head of the Georgia Communist Party in the 1940s.
Early life
Chase's ancestors first arrived in America in the 1600s. His parents, Fred B. and Elba Chase, were leaders in the American Communist Party in New Hampshire. Chase was born in Washington, New Hampshire. Chase fought for the Republicans in the Lincoln Battalion in the Spanish Civil War. He also fought in World War II.
Communist activism
During the 1940s, Chase was the head of the Communist Party in Georgia. He participated in the early civil rights movement, campaigning for black people's right to vote. While in Georgia, Chase was arrested after threatening to harm a 20-year-old member of the Communist Party if he divulged information regarding the party's operations. He was defended by Klansman James Venable. In the late 1950s, he was section organizer for the New England party branch. In the 1960s, Chase denounced President Kennedy's foreign policy as a threat to world peace.
Personal life
Chase had four daughters: Norah, Hannah Bates Cowen, Claudette Chase, and Rebecca Jo Kyle. He also had a son, Leonard Foster Chase.
Death
Chase died in his sleep at his home in Hingham, Massachusetts, on August 29, 1985.
References
External links
The Papers of Elba Chase Nelson at Dartmouth College Library
1985 deaths
Members of the Communist Party USA
Year of birth uncertain
The 1998 United States House of Representatives elections in West Virginia were held on November 3, 1998 to determine who will represent the state of West Virginia in the United States House of Representatives. West Virginia has three seats in the House, apportioned according to the 1990 United States Census. Representatives are elected for two-year terms. , this is the last time that the Democrats have swept all of West Virginia's congressional districts.
Overview
District 1
Incumbent Democrat Alan Mollohan defeated Libertarian Richard Kerr. This district covers the northern part of the state.
District 2
Incumbent Democrat Bob Wise defeated Republican Sally Anne Kay and Libertarian John Brown. This district covers the central part of the state.
District 3
Incumbent Democrat Nick Rahall defeated Libertarian Joe Whelan. This district covers the southern part of the state.
References
1998 West Virginia elections
West Virginia
1998
A Moment of Innocence () is a 1996 film directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf. It is also known as Nun va Goldoon, Bread and Flower, Bread and Flower Pot, and The Bread and the Vase.
Plot
The film is a semi-autobiographical account of Makhmalbaf's experience as a teenager when, as a seventeen-year-old, he stabbed a policeman at a protest rally and was jailed.
Two decades later, Makhmalbaf made the decision to track down the policeman whom he had injured in an attempt to make amends. A Moment of Innocence is a dramatization of that real event.
Cast
Mirhadi Tayebi as The Policeman
Mohsen Makhmalbaf as The Director
Ammar Tafti as The Young Director
Ali Bakhsi as The Young Policeman
Maryam Mohamadamini as The Young Woman
Reception
Critical response
Although the film was banned in Iran, Western critics were very positive toward the film. Mike D'Angelo called A Moment of Innocence "a dizzying hybrid of autobiography, documentary, and mythology,...[a] bold[]...testament to our innate decency and capacity for love," and said that it "ends with the greatest final freeze-frame since The 400 Blows -- maybe the greatest final freeze-frame ever." Stuart Klawans of The Nation said readers should contact him immediately "if [they] see another film with so urgent and complete an image of people's hurts, fears, needs and dreams." One of the few negative critical reactions came from Mick Lasalle of the San Francisco Chronicle, who called the film "grindingly dull," and "muddled and endless" and implied that Makhmalbaf's filmmaking was "self-indulgent, meandering, pointless and irritating."
In the 2012 Greatest Films of All Time critics' poll by Sight & Sound, A Moment of Innocence was ranked 235th among all films, making it tied with The House is Black, Where Is the Friend's Home?, and The Wind Will Carry Us as the second-highest ranked Iranian film (behind Close-Up).
References
External links
A Cinematic Gem: The Worldwide of a Moment of Innocence by Kim Ji-Seok
1996 films
French drama films
Iranian drama films
1996 drama films
Films directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Film controversies in Iran
1990s French films
Daniel Rivas Fernández (13 March 1988 – 19 July 2015) was a Spanish motorcycle racer. At international level, he competed in the European Superstock 600 Championship, the Superstock 1000 FIM Cup and the Moto2 World Championship. He died on 19 July 2015 along with Bernat Martínez due to injuries sustained in an accident in Laguna Seca.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Spanish motorcycle racers
1988 births
2015 deaths
Moto2 World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Motorcycle racers who died while racing
Sportspeople from Moaña
The 2020–21 Southeastern Conference men's basketball season began with practices in November 2020, followed by the start of the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season on November 25. Conference play started in late December and will end in March, after which 14 member teams will participate in the 2021 SEC Tournament at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee. The tournament champion is guaranteed a selection to the 2021 NCAA tournament.
The season was initially slated to begin on November 10, 2020, but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which prematurely ended the previous season and continues to affect the current one.
Preseason
Tennessee was predicted to win the 2021 SEC championship in voting by a select panel of both SEC and national media members. Florida's Keyontae Johnson was the choice of the media for SEC Men's Basketball Player of the Year.
Media Day selections
Preseason All-SEC teams
Head coaches
Note: Stats shown are before the beginning of the season. Overall and SEC records are from time at current school.
Conference matrix
This table summarizes the head-to-head results between teams in conference play.
References
The Belli, also designated Beli or Belaiscos were an ancient pre-Roman Celtic Celtiberian people who lived in the modern Spanish province of Zaragoza from the 3rd Century BC.
Origins
Roman authors for unknown reasons wrote that the Belli were of mixed Illyrian and Celtic (Belgic) origin and probably related with the Bellovaci, who were said to have migrated to the Iberian Peninsula around the 4th Century BC and part of the Celtiberians. There is an overwhelming amount of evidence that the ancestors of the Celtiberian groups were installed in the Meseta area of the peninsula from at least 1000 BC and probably much earlier.
Location
The Belli inhabited the middle Jiloca and Huerva river valleys in Zaragoza province with their territories stretching up to the Guadalope and upper Turia valleys, close to their neighbours and clients, the Titii.
Their early capital was Segeda (Poyo de Maya – Zaragoza; Celtiberian mint: Sekaiza), subsequently transferred to nearby Durón de Belmonte and later offset by Bilbilis (Valdeherrera, near Calatayud – Zaragoza; Celtiberian mint: Bilbiliz). Other Belli urban centers included Nertobriga (La Almunia de Doña Godina – Zaragoza; Celtiberian mint: Nertobis), Contrebia Belaisca (Zaforas de Botorita – Zaragoza; Celtiberian mint: Contebacom Bel), Beligiom (Piquete de la Atalaya de Azuara – Zaragoza; Celtiberian mint: Belikiom), Lesera (El Forcal) and Belgeda (Belchite – Zaragoza). It is plausible that by the 2nd Century BC they exerted some form of control over the strategic frontier towns of Belia (sited somewhere between the Huerva' and Aguas Vivas' rivers; Celtiberian mint: Belaiscom), Osicerda (El Palau de Alcañiz – Teruel; Iberian designation: Usercerte), Damania (Hinojosa de Jarque – Teruel; Celtiberian mint: Tamaniu) and Orosis (La Caridad de Caminreal – Teruel; Celtiberian mint: Orosiz), facing the Iberian Lobetani and Edetani peoples of the modern Valencia coastal region.
Culture
The most culturally advanced of the peoples of southern Celtiberia, the Belli were the first Celtiberian tribe to adopt coinage in the aftermath of the 2nd Punic War and to post laws in written form on bronze tablets (Tabulae), using a modified Northeastern Iberian script (known as the Celtiberian script) for their own language. In this script and language they inscribed the characteristic Celtiberian 'hospitality tokens' which are small bronze objects, in two halves, each half being retained by people who stood in hospitality relationship to one another. These would act as a sort of identity card, and were probably used as safe-conducts or other warranties. The two halves have been found in places several hundreds of kilometres apart, which implies that the various Celtic groups maintained a system of communications throughout at least central Spain.
The most complete Celtiberian text we have on the bronze 'hospitality tokens' that acted as a sort of identity card is from the Belli and reads lubos alisokum aualoske kontebias belaiskas meaning 'Lubos of the Aliso family, son of Aualos, from Contrebia Belaisca' showing the self-description of this man, by paternity, extended family and territory which is characteristically Celtic.
History
During the 3rd-2nd centuries BC, the Belli joined the Celtiberian confederacy alongside the Arevaci, Lusones and Titii, with whom they developed close political and military ties – in 153 BC the Numantines even elected the Belli General Caros as leader of the Celtiberian coalition army that ambushed the Consul Quintus Fulvius Nobilior at the battle of Ribarroya, at the Baldano river valley in the beginning of the first Numantine War. Prior to that, they had been forced in 181 BC to accept Roman suzerainty by Tiberius Sempronius Gracchus, but this did not prevent them from resisting further Roman encroachment of their lands as well as fighting off Turboletae raids and the Iberian Lobetani people.
Romanization
Defeated in 143 BC by Proconsul Quintus Caecilius Metellus Macedonicus, and faced with the fall of Numantia in 133 BC and the subsequent collapse of the Celtiberian confederacy, the Belli territory was incorporated into Hispania Citerior province though little is known of their history afterwards. The Belli appear to have remained independent until the Sertorian Wars of the early 1st Century BC, when they were gradually pushed back from the upper Jiloca by the Edetani who seized Beligiom, Belgeda, Damania and Orosis, therefore losing all the lands east of the Huerva River. Around 72 BC they and their Titii allies merged with the pro-Roman Uraci, Cratistii and Olcades tribes to form the Late Celtiberian people (Latin: Celtiberi) of romanized southern Celtiberia.
See also
Belgae
Bellovaci
Celtiberian confederacy
Celtiberian script
Celtiberian Wars
Illyrians
Numantine War
Pre-Roman peoples of the Iberian Peninsula
Notes
Bibliography
Ángel Montenegro et alii, Historia de España 2 - colonizaciones y formación de los pueblos prerromanos (1200-218 a.C), Editorial Gredos, Madrid (1989)
Alberto J. Lorrio, Los Celtíberos, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Murcia (1997)
Francisco Burillo Mozota, Los Celtíberos, etnias y estados, Crítica, Barcelona (1998)
Rafael Trevino and Angus McBride, Rome's Enemies (4): Spanish Armies 218BC-19BC, Men-at-Arms series 180, Osprey Publishing Ltd, London (1986)
Further reading
Aedeen Cremin, The Celts in Europe, Sydney, Australia: Sydney Series in Celtic Studies 2, Centre for Celtic Studies, University of Sydney (1992) .
Dáithí Ó hÓgáin, The Celts: A History, The Collins Press, Cork (2002)
Daniel Varga, The Roman Wars in Spain: The Military Confrontation with Guerrilla Warfare, Pen & Sword Military, Barnsley (2015)
Ludwig Heinrich Dyck, The Roman Barbarian Wars: The Era of Roman Conquest, Author Solutions (2011) ISBNs 1426981821, 9781426981821
John T. Koch (ed.), Celtic Culture: A Historical Encyclopedia, ABC-CLIO Inc., Santa Barbara, California (2006) , 1-85109-445-8
External links
http://www.segeda.net
http://www.celtiberia.net
Celtic tribes of the Iberian Peninsula
Pre-Roman peoples of the Iberian Peninsula
Ancient peoples of Spain
Taking the Wheel is the second studio album by Australian singer David Campbell. The album was released in September 1997. There are three generations of songwriters represented on the recording - from musical theater masters like George Gershwin, Burton Lane to pop icons of more recent years like Paul Simon and Peter Allen and a new generation of writers.
Campbell's dad Jimmy Barnes suggested the song "It Will Always Be You", written by (Don Walker.
In an interview with The New York Times, Campbell said; "This recording has been a great experience for me because I've had to trust myself and trust what I was hearing in my head - without being ignorant of the people around me and their advice, The buck stopped with me everywhere" adding "Every song has to mean something to me or there's no use singing it".
Review
The New York Times said "the emotional center of the recording is "Yard Sale", a quiet story song, written by Tom Anderson, about a young man getting rid of his possessions before facing life's final battle. Campbell follows it on the CD with "Bridge Over Troubled Water" which emotionally supports the song that proceeds it. The spirituality and uplifting nature of the Paul Simon classic comes through in a way that is new and surprising, even for those who have listened to the song for years."
Track listing
Taking the Wheel CD/Cassette (537936-2)
"Grateful" (John Bucchino) - 4:38
"Gentle Souls And Tender Hearted Fools" (John Bucchino) - 3:27
"It Will Always Be You" (Don Walker) - 3:58
"I Honestly Love You" (Jeff Barry, Peter Allen) - 3:17
"Old Devil Moon" (Burton Lane, Yip Harburg) - 3:12
"The Nearness Of You" / "Not A Day Goes By" (Hoagy Carmichael, Ned Washington, Stephen Sondheim) - 5:06
"I Got Rhythm" (George Gershwin & Ira Gershwin) - 2:38
"Never Really Mine To Lose" (Ann Hampton Callaway, Lindy Robbins) - 4:03
"Storybook" (Frank Wildhorn, Nan Knighton) - 3:10
"Yard Sale" (Tom Andersen) - 5:43
"Bridge Over Troubled Water" (Paul Simon) - 4:09
"Taking The Wheel" (John Bucchino) - 3:54
"Just Where They Should Be" (Craig Carnelia) - 4:45
"It Will Always Be You" (Acoustic Version) 4:43
Credits
Backing Vocals – David Campbell, Maggie McKinnie, Mark Punch, Mark Williams, Toni Mott
Bass – Graham Thompson, Leon Gaer
Cello – Adrian Wallis, Peter Morrison
Drums – Andrew Gander, Doug Gallacher, Frank Celenza, Kere Buchanan
Guitar – Mark Punch, Rex Goh
Keyboards – Jamie Rigg, Mike Gubb
Percussion – David Armstrong
Piano – Christopher Denny, Don Walker
Saxophone – Craig Walters, Martin Hill, Terry Benn, Trevor Griffin
Trombone – Herb Cannon
Trumpet – Paul Panici*, Paul Thorne
Viola – Anne-Louise Comerford, Virginia Comerford
Violin – Aram Zarasyan, Fiona Ziegler, Jennifer Johnson, John Pokorny, Martin Lass, Michael Wittgens, Phillip Hartl, Rebecca Daniel
External links
"Taking the Wheel" by David Campbell at Discogs
References
1997 albums
Covers albums
Polydor Records albums
David Campbell (Australian musician) albums
Route 176 is a highway in southwestern Missouri. The eastern terminus is at U.S. Route 160 north of Forsyth; its western terminus is at Route 248/Route 265/Route 413 in Galena.
Route description
MO 176 starts at a junction with U.S Route 160, approximately two miles north of Downtown Forsyth. The Route immediately drops sharply to the White River valley to become the Main Street of Rockaway Beach, a former resort town on the White River/Lake Taneycomo. The route then climbs out of the valley to once again meet Route 160, for which it has a short concurrency. After leaving Route 160, Route 176 travels North-Northwest towards Route 65. Near the Taney-Christian County Line, Route 176 shares a 0.9 mile concurrency with Route 65. Route 176 then curves Northwest towards Spokane. At Spokane, Route 176 has a wrong-way concurrency with US 160 & Route 13. Two miles east of Abesville, Route 176 heads west to Galena, where the route ends at routes 248, 265, and 413/Ozark Mountain Parkway.
History
Major intersections
References
176
Transportation in Stone County, Missouri
Transportation in Christian County, Missouri
Transportation in Taney County, Missouri
The 2005 Florida Atlantic University Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2005 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team was coached by Howard Schnellenberger and played their home games at Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Schedule
Roster
Awards and honors
All-Sun Belt honors
First Team All-Sun Belt Conference:
Shomari Earls (LB, Sr.)
Willie Hughley (CB, Sr.)
Honorable Mention All-Sun Belt Conference:
Danny Embick (QB, Sr.)
Jarrid Smith (OL, So.)
References
Florida Atlantic
Florida Atlantic Owls football seasons
Florida Atlantic Owls football
Hazel is an unincorporated community in Pennington County, Minnesota, United States, along the Canadian Pacific Railway. The community is only marked on county abstracts and has no postal code. Hazel is the location of a Cenex Harvest States shipping facility.
A post office called Hazel was established in 1904, and remained in operation until 1954. The community was named for the abundance of hazel trees near the original town site.
The village of Hazel is clearly designated on Pennington County maps from 1916, and Red Lake County maps from 1911. Pennington County was part of Red Lake County prior to being designated as its own county. An 1896 map of Northwest Minnesota makes no mention of Hazel, corroborating the likely village inception date as being in the very early 1900s.
While specific village census records are not available, the population of River Falls Township, which contains Hazel, was 323 in 1940, and had fallen to 204 by 1960. Some of those residents would have inhabited nearby farms and not necessarily lived in the Hazel village. By 2010, the population of River Falls township had dropped to 178.
Today, Hazel can be found along County State-Aid Highway 3, near the junction of 170th Avenue NE. Besides the Cenex shipping facility, most of the area is covered by cropland, farms, woods, and single-family rural homes. It is approximately eight miles southeast of Thief River Falls, a major regional town, and about five miles east of St. Hilaire. St. Pauli Lutheran Church is one mile north of Hazel, and the Seven Clans Casino is four miles east.
The Hazel area is home to desirable farmland, suitable for growing wheat, barley, alfalfa, sunflowers, corn, and soybeans. Much of the surrounding area has high crop productivity scores of 80 to 89 on a scale of 1 to 100. The Hazel area is serviced by the Pennington County Sheriff, and Thief River Falls Fire Department, and Public School District 564 (Thief River Falls area).
References
Unincorporated communities in Pennington County, Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
The 2009 World Aesthetic Gymnastics Championships, the 10th edition of the Aesthetic group gymnastics competition, was held in Moscow, Russia from June 04 to 06, at the Druzhba Multipurpose Arena.
Participating nations
Medal winners
Results
References
External links
http://www.ifagg.com
https://ifagg.sporttisaitti.com/
World Aesthetic Gymnastics Championships
International gymnastics competitions hosted by Russia
2009 in gymnastics
The FN FNS pistol is a series of striker-fired semi-automatic, polymer-framed pistols manufactured in Fredericksburg, Virginia, by FN America, a division of Fabrique Nationale Herstal. The pistol is chambered for the 9×19mm Parabellum and .40 S&W cartridges.
Design details
The FNS pistol is based on the FN FNX. The FNS has similar ergonomics to the FNX but introduces a double-action, striker-fired functionality.
Operating mechanism
Like other FN pistols, the FNS is a short-recoil-operated pistol. It is a pre-set striker fired semi-automatic pistol, meaning the trigger system is of the hammerless short double-action-only type. The trigger pull is between and .
All variations also include a hammer-forged stainless steel barrel, Picatinny rail, fixed three-dot combat sights (standard or night sights), and a loaded chamber indicator on the right side.
Standard features
The FNS series of the pistols all include ambidextrous magazine releases, and slide stop release levers.
Safety
The FNS has four standard safety features:
A trigger safety, similar to that seen on a Glock, which prevents the weapon from discharging without pressure on the trigger.
A firing pin safety which prevents the striker from hitting the primer without the trigger being pulled.
A drop safety which prevents the sear from rotating to release the striker unless the trigger is pulled.
An out-of-battery safety which prevents the sear from releasing the striker if the slide is not fully forward.
As a fifth safety feature, the FNS pistols can also have an optional manual safety.
Variants
A "long slide" version, known as the FNS-9LS and FNS-40LS, was introduced in 2012 designed in partnership with the Baltimore County Police Department specifically for the department.
A compact version, known as the FNS-9C and FNS-40C, was introduced in 2015. The compact version comes with two short magazines. One has a "pinkie rest" baseplate while the other has a flat baseplate. Magazine capacity for the 9mm version is 12 rounds and for the .40 S&W version is 10 rounds. The compact versions can also use full size magazines with the addition of a removable grip sleeve.
A full size 9mm pre-loaded striker pistol, known as the FN 509, was introduced in early 2016 with it being part of the XM17 Modular Handgun System competition. It was released for public sale in 2017. It is fully ambidextrous and comes in two versions, one version having manual safety and another without it. It also comes with a Picatinny rail for various attachments.
All versions are available in two finishes: a standard black finish featuring a dark colored/nitrided slide and matte black frame or a two-tone finish featuring a silver colored stainless steel slide and matte black frame. At least one variant, the FNS-9C (compact) is available in solid dark earth coloration.
Malfunction controversy
In 2015, officer Richard Vankeuren, a 20 year veteran of the Arizona Department of Public Safety, bumped his holstered FN FNS-40 into a bag he was carrying and the weapon went off, shooting him in the leg. The investigation concluded that a part of the bag had been tangled in the trigger, causing the firearm to go off. However, in 2018, the state began testing the weapons further. The tests concluded that the pistols were capable of firing with the slide not fully in battery, and also that they could discharge if tapped. The pistols were even observed to fire upon the simple impact resulting from re-holstering. This was the result of the trigger not resetting properly and the safeties failing to engage.
That same year, the Baltimore County Police Department claimed that they had encountered their own problems with their own FNS-40-L pistols firing when bumped. The Baltimore police also claimed that they had encountered three separate incidents of the roll pin in the frame breaking, causing the trigger to completely fall out of the firearm. The Arizona Department of Public Safety shared their testing results with the Baltimore County Police. On October 30, 2018, Baltimore County Police Chief Terrence Sheridan issued an Emergency Justification for a Replacement Service Weapon.
FN immediately addressed this by replacing the striker with a newer, improved design in each FNS-40 for both the Arizona DPS and the BCPD, at no cost to either agency. FN also posted a Service Bulletin to the public with an offer of a free striker upgrade for those who wished to send their pistol in. FN also said that the malfunctions had only been observed in a lab environment, and that the malfunctions can only be replicated in FNS pistols manufactured before February 12, 2017. FN did, however, maintain that the FNS design was thoroughly tested and that the situations that result in the misfires were unique and unlikely, and therefore did not initiate a recall. FN also claimed that the trigger pin is a part that requires periodic maintenance, and that in all three cases, the firearm was quickly reassembled.
When the dust settled, both the Arizona DPS and the BCPD made the decision to replace their FNS designs. Both the Arizona DPS and the BCPD went from the .40-caliber FNS-40 to the 9mm Glock 17. However, according to Arizona DPS spokesman Bart Graves and state trooper Kameron Lee, the decision to switch from the FNS to the Glock was made not because the department was unhappy with the pistols, but because FN had informed them that the company planned to discontinue the FNS that same year. Officer Lee claimed "We found an issue, FN fixed it, no guns we are carrying are faulty". Indeed, in 2019, FN discontinued the FNS in favor of the improved FN 509. However, FN will still honor the FNS striker replacement, regardless of if the owner of the firearm is its original owner.
Users
: The FNS-40-L was the standard-issue pistol of the Baltimore County Police Department from 2013 to 2019 and the standard-issue pistol of the Arizona Department of Public Safety from 2015 until 2019, when FN discontinued the design.
References
External links
Official Website
FN Herstal firearms
9mm Parabellum semi-automatic pistols
.40 S&W semi-automatic pistols
Semi-automatic pistols of the United States
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 2011
Robert Erie Nay (September 3, 1885 – 1976) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Wilkie in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1925 to 1929 as a Liberal.
He was born in Huron County, Ontario, the son of J.J. Nay, and was educated in Minga, Manitoba and at Manitoba University. Nay went on to study law in Winnipeg and Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He was called to the Saskatchewan bar in 1910 and entered practice in Scott. In 1911, he married Myrtle K. Bishop. Nay was named agent of the Attorney General in 1914. He moved to Wilkie in 1919 when the judicial centre was moved there. Nay also served as school board chairman in Wilkie. He served as agent of the Attorney General for the Wilkie Judicial Centre until 1925 and again from 1935 to 1945. In 1926, Nay was named King's Counsel. In 1946, he was named judge for the judicial district of Kerrobert. Nay was transferred to Battleford in 1949. He retired from the bench in 1950. Nay died at the Battlefords Union Hospital at the age of 90.
References
1885 births
1975 deaths
Judges in Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan Liberal Party MLAs
People from Rural Municipality Buffalo No. 409, Saskatchewan
The 1933–34 season was the 42nd season of the Football League.
Final league tables
The tables and results below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded), or more properly put, goal ratio. In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season. From the 1922–23 season on, re-election was required of the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South.
First Division
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1933–34 in English football
1933 in association football
1934 in association football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1933–34 in English football leagues
Srodino () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 30 as of 2002.
Geography
Srodino is located 47 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Panovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Angels Toruń is an American football team based in Toruń, Poland. The team currently competes in the PLFA II of Polish American Football League.The club also hosts the Angels Junior (PLFA J for under-17 players) and reserve team Metropolitans in eight-man football competitions PLFA 8.
History
The team was founded on November 24, 2011. It was an open invitation and became the most effective recruitment in Poland with over 70 applicants! The high level of interest was recognised by its selection as the "sports event in 2011 in Torun" according to Gazeta Wyborcza.
The club was officially registered on December 15, 2011 in the register of clubs conducted by the Mayor of Toruń at No 69.
The Angels joined the PLFAII in 2012 PLFA season as the youngest team in league.
On May 5, 2012 the team played their first league game, which was also the inauguration of PLFAII against Olsztyn Lakers, winning in debut 28:6.
The team name comes from Toruń coat of arms, which includes the Angel. Toruń is sometimes called the City of Angels. The Angels Cheerleaders are known as the "Angels Ladies". All home games are broadcast on www.kpsport.tv.
The team is heavily involved in charity activities and events. They are particularly well known for their unusual promotions. on April 23, 2012 the Angels players appeared in an artistic show "Antelope" by Polish performance group "Institute B61", along with Polish artists Mariusz Lubomski, Bartek Staszkiewicz (SOFA) and Wojtek Zadrużyński. On December 21, 2013 take part in another "Institute B61" performance show "Slapstick Operation" once again with Lubomski and Staszkiewicz; Zadrużyński has been replaced by SOFA drummer Robert Markiewicz.
On June 7, 2012 the Angels organised what is widely considered to be the first ever football match in the city center- Old Market Square (the Stary Rynek) against Bydgoszcz Archers. September 2 in Inowrocław and on September 30 in Ciechocinek the Angels organized football friendly matches in the cities, where there are no current teams to popularize American football. On February 15, 2013 they became the 1st in the sport to record a now legendaryHarlem Shake (meme) video. On March 6, 2013 in Torun they played arena football at halftime of local derby Polski Cukier SIDEn Toruń- Astoria Bydgoszcz the men's first Polish basketball league, also playing against local rivals- Archers.
The club also runs a junior team (14–17 years old players) called the Angels Junior which competes in the Polish junior championship (PLFAJ) since the 2013 season. In 2012 six Angels players guest started in Warsaw Eagles junior team and achieved gold medals. In 2013, the Angels got their own junior team, which were promoted to the national finals in Bielawa. They finished in 8th place in Polish National Junior Championship. Furthermore, on November 11, 2013 Słupsk they won "National Independence Day Cup" against the Griffons.
Season-by-season records
Game-by-game record
2012
May 5- Toruń v. Olsztyn Lakers 28:6 W
May 19- Warsaw @ Królewscy Warszawa 14:23 L
June 7- Bydgoszcz @ Bydgoszcz Archers (exhibition game)
June 17- Toruń v. Cougars Szczecin 0:42 L
July 29- Sopot @ Sabercats Sopot 8:20 L
August 25- Szczecin @ Cougars Szczecin 0:30 L
September 2- Inowrocław v. Bydgoszcz Archers 24:7 W (exhibition game)
September 9- Toruń v. Warsaw Werewolves 24:6 W
September 30- Ciechocinek v. Sabercats Sopot 14:20OT L (exhibition game)
2013
March 23- Toruń v. Lowlanders Białystok 0:21 L (exhibition game)
April 7- Toruń v. Crusaders Warszawa 50:6 W (exhibition game)
May 5- Bydgoszcz @ Bydgoszcz Archers 24:35 W
May 26- Toruń v. Cougars Szczecin 19:21 L
June 22- Gdynia @ Seahawks Gdynia 16:22 W
July 6- Toruń v. Bydgoszcz Raiders 40:14 W
July 27- Słupsk @ Griffons Słupsk 0:32 W
August 17- Metropolitans Toruń/Bydgoszcz @ Ostrołęka (reserve team tournament)
v. Sabercats B Sopot 12:34 L
v. Kurpie Ostrołęka 12:24 L
August 24- Toruń v. Sabercats Sopot 15:20 L
September 1- Angels Junior team tournament @ Bydgoszcz
v. Olsztyn Lakers J 12:22 L
v. Bydgoszcz Archers J 31:18 W
September 7- Metropolitans Toruń-Bydgoszcz (reserve team 2. tournament) @ Sicienko
v. Crusaders Warszawa 14:35 L
v. Kurpie Ostrołęka 6:30 L
September 15- Angels Junior team 2. tournament @ Olsztyn
v. Bydgoszcz Archers J 36:0 W
v. Olsztyn Lakers J 6:24 L
September 28- Angels Junior team final tournament @ Bielawa
v. Bielawa Owls J 0:44 L
v. Olsztyn Lakers J 6:18 L
v. Patrioci Poznań J 6:28 L
November 11- Słupsk Angels Junior @ Griffons Słupsk 22:45 W (National Independence Day Cup)
2014
March 22- Toruń v. Husaria Szczecin 12:16 L (exhibition game)
March 29- Toruń v. Lowlanders Białystok 8:37 L (exhibition game)
April 13- Brwinów @ Warsaw BEagles 13:22 W (exhibition game)
May 3- Słupsk @ Griffons Słupsk 2:36 W
May 24- Toruń v. Seahawks Sopot 30:27 W
June 21- Toruń v. Griffons Słupsk 35:0 W
July 12- Sopot @ Seahawks Sopot 38:6 L
July 27- Poznań @ Patrioci Poznań 20:32 W
August 15- Toruń v. Bydgoszcz Archers 33:32
August 17- Toruń v. Mustangs Płock (junior exhibition game)
August 30- Toruń v. Warsaw Eagles 20:18 W (junior exhibition game)
September 6- Angels Junior team tournament Słupsk
v. Griffons Słupsk 25:0 W
v. Bydgoszcz Archers 32:0 W
September 20- Warsaw @ Crusaders Warszawa PLFAII quarterfinal
September 28- Angels Junior team tournament Toruń
v. Seahawks Gdynia 36:14 W
group A final v. Seahawks Gdynia 38:8 W
October 5- PLFAII semifinal- Sopot @ Seahawks Sopot 33:18 L
October 11/12- Angels Junior team final tournament Wrocław
quarterfinal v. Gorzów Grizzlies 0:28 L
repechage v. Kraków Kings 34:8 W
5. place game v. Bielawa Owls 20:8 W
December 27- The National Day of Junior Flag Football Warsaw
v. Prażmów Pistols 24:0 W
v. Szczytno Sixers 8:12 L
v. Tytani Lublin 6:6 (tie)
2015
March 1- Toruń v. Warsaw Sharks 21:38 L (exhibition game)
March 15- Białystok v. Lowlanders Białystok L (exhibition game)
March 28- Radom @ Greenducks Radom 22:27 W (exhibition game)
April 11- Toruń v. Bielawa Owls 20:46 L (junior exhibition game)
PLFAI
PLFAJ
International transfers
Maxwell Germain- 2012 from University of Michigan
Malcolm Garrett- 2012 from LA (London Area) Panthers (Capital League)
Mathieu Cadoux- 2012 from Frelons de Morlaix (Division Régionale)
Mathieu Cadoux- 2013 to Aix-en-Provence Argonautes (Casque d'or- Division 2)
Łukasz Melerski- 2013 to Saarland Hurricanes (GFL)
Bill Moore- 2014 from Wernigerode Mountain Tigers
Honours
"Sports event in 2011 in Torun" according to Gazeta Wyborcza
CEO Dawid Witnik was nominated to "2012 Toruń Resident of the Year" according to Gazeta Wyborcza
City Inowrocław Mayor's Cup winner
Toruń Municipal Sport and Recreation Center Manager's Cup winner
References
External links
Official website
Official fanpage
American football teams in Poland
Sport in Toruń
American football teams established in 2011
2011 establishments in Poland
207001–207100
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
207101–207200
|-id=109
| 207109 Stürmenchopf || || The Stürmenchopf, a sugarloaf mountain located in the South of Laufon, Switzerland. ||
|}
207201–207300
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
207301–207400
|-id=319
| 207319 Eugenemar || || Eugene Y. Mar (born 1956), humanitarian, healer, and physician at Tucson Orthopedic Institute ||
|-id=321
| 207321 Crawshaw || || Steven A. Crawshaw (born 1950), director of the Introductory Physics and Astronomy Labs at the University of Arkansas, United States ||
|-id=341
| 207341 Isabelmartin || || Isabel Lacruz Martin (born 1956), doctorate graduated from Experimental Psychology at Kent State University in 2005 ||
|-id=385
| 207385 Maxou || || Max Aebischer (1914–2009), mayor of Fribourg, Switzerland, from 1960 to 1966, and director of the Education Department at the University of Fribourg. His nickname "Maxou" is a variation of "Max" in Alemannic German. ||
|}
207401–207500
|-id=420
| 207420 Jehin || || Emmanuel Jehin (born 1973) is a Senior Research Associate at the Universite de Liège, Belgium. He is the principal investigator of the TRAPPIST telescopes and his research includes observations and characterization of comets, with a particular focus on production rate determination. ||
|}
207501–207600
|-id=504
| 207504 Markusovszky || || Lajos Markusovszky (1815–1893) was a physician, a military doctor, an organizer of modern Hungarian health education, and a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. He was the founder of the Hungarian Medical Journal, and later an advisor to the Ministry for Religion and Education regarding university affairs. ||
|-id=547
| 207547 Charito || 2006 LO || Rosario Lacruz Martín ("Charito"; born 1961), astronomer at Monte del Pardo, Madrid ||
|-id=563
| 207563 Toscana || 2006 PC || The Italian region of Tuscany (Toscana), widely known for its landscapes, traditions, history and heritage ||
|-id=585
| 207585 Lubar || || The ancient city of Bolokhov, capital of the Bolokhov principality in the times of Russian Kiev. It is currently known as Lubar. ||
|}
207601–207700
|-id=603
| 207603 Liuchaohan || || Liu Chao-Han (born 1939), a Taiwanese physicist and educator who served as President of National Central University from 1990 to 2003. ||
|-id=655
| 207655 Kerboguan || || The National Museum of Natural Science (Kerboguan), a combined science center and natural history museum, is the first and the largest museum of natural science in Taiwan. It entertains more than three million visitors annually, and has become an important educational base for natural science since it opened in 1986. ||
|-id=657
| 207657 Mangiantini || 2007 PA || Giovanni Mangiantini (1947–2006), Italian amateur astronomer ||
|-id=661
| 207661 Hehuanshan || || Mount Hehuan is a 3416-m mountain in Central Taiwan. The peak lies on the boundaries of Nantou and Hualien counties and is within the Taroko Gorge National Park. The Taiwan Star Party is held in the Hehuan Mountains every year. ||
|-id=666
| 207666 Habibula || || Gilles Habibula, one of the main characters of the space opera Legion of Space ||
|-id=681
| 207681 Caiqiao || 2007 QO || Cai Qiao (1897–1990), Chinese physiologist and member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences ||
|-id=687
| 207687 Senckenberg || || Johann Christian Senckenberg (1707–1772), a German physician and naturalist in his native city of Frankfurt ||
|-id=695
| 207695 Olgakopyl || || Olga Andrivna Kopyl (born 1950), director of Zhytomyr Museum of Astronautics and a historian of cosmonautics in Russia and Ukraine ||
|}
207701–207800
|-id=715
| 207715 Muqinshuijiao || || Muqinshuijiao (Water cellar for Mothers) is a charity project implemented by the China Women's Development Foundation. ||
|-id=716
| 207716 Wangxichan || || Wang Xichan (1628–1682) was a Chinese astronomer of the late Ming and early Qing Dynasty, who developed a computational method to calculate accurately the times of transits of Venus and Mercury. He also published several astronomical works. ||
|-id=717
| 207717 Sa'a || || Sanya (Sa'a City), founded in 110 B.C. as Ngaiziu. It is the southernmost city of China. ||
|-id=723
| 207723 Jiansanjiang || || Jiansanjiang, located in the hinterland of Sanjiang Plain, is known as "China Green Rice City". Its Honghe farm is the first modernized farm in China. ||
|-id=754
| 207754 Stathiskafalis || || Stathis Kafalis (born 1962) is a German engineer, amateur astronomer and telescope maker with Greek roots. He promotes astronomy via his mirror-grinding courses and he has helped many amateur astronomers to build their own telescope. ||
|-id=763
| 207763 Oberursel || || The German town of Oberursel in Hesse ||
|}
207801–207900
|-id=809
| 207809 Wuzuze || || Wu Zuze (born 1935), an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, is the founder of hematopoietic stem cell research and a pioneer of Experimental Hematology in China. ||
|-id=899
| 207899 Grinmalia || || Eugene Grinishyn (born 1956), a stonemason, and Sergiy Malinovskiy (born 1964), a farmer, are neighbors of the Andrushivka Astronomical Observatory in Ukraine ||
|}
207901–208000
|-
| 207901 Tzecmaun || || The Tzec Maun Foundation, a foundation that provides free access to remote-controlled telescopes ||
|-id=931
| 207931 Weihai || || The Chinese city of Weihai, a widely known harbor and tourist city, as well as the location of the Shandong University ||
|}
References
207001-208000
France Huser is a French novelist and art critic who lives and works in Paris.
Biography
France Huser was an art critic at the Nouvel Observateur for many years. Her first novel, La maison du désir, "the book of feelings", won her critical and popular success. She is the author of eleven novels including Aurélia, La colline rouge, and Le murmure des sables published by Editions du Seuil, and La fille à lèvre d'orange, La triche and La peau seulement published by Gallimard. France Huser was awarded the Amerigo Vespucci prize in 2004 for her novel 'Le murmure des sables.
Novels
1982: La maison du désir, Paris, Éditions du Seuil,
1984: Aurélia, Le Seuil,
1986: La chambre ouverte, Le Seuil,
1988: Les lèvres nues, Le Seuil,
1992: La colline rouge, Le Seuil,
1993: Charlotte Corday ou l'Ange de la colère, Paris, Éditions Robert Laffont,
1999: Les rescapés du Titanic, Bernard Géniès, France Huser, Fayard,
2004: Le murmure des sables, Le Seuil,
2006: La fille à lèvre d'orange, Paris, Éditions Gallimard, 144 pages
2010: La triche, Gallimard, 176 pages
2011: La peau seulement, Gallimard
References
External links
France Huser on Babelio
"La Triche", de France Huser : défense et illustration de la duplicité on Le Monde'' (22 September 2010)
20th-century French non-fiction writers
21st-century French non-fiction writers
French women novelists
French art critics
Writers from Paris
Living people
20th-century French women writers
21st-century French women writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Shannon Kook (born Shannon Xiao Lóng Kook-Chun; 9 February 1987) is a South African actor. He is best known for his roles in the television series Degrassi: The Next Generation (2010–2011), Carmilla (2015–2016), Shadowhunters (2017), and The 100 (2018–2020), as well as his role as Drew Thomas in the film franchise The Conjuring (2013–2021).
Early life
Kook-Chun was born in Johannesburg, South Africa to a Mauritian father of Chinese descent and a South African mother of Cape Coloured descent. He then moved to Montreal in order to attend the National Theatre School of Canada.
Career
Kook's first on screen role was in the Canadian television series Being Erica in 2009. He is best known internationally for his roles as Zane Park on Degrassi: The Next Generation (2010–2011) and as Duncan on Shadowhunters (2017).
In 2014, Kook, Alexandre Landry, Sophie Desmarais, and Julia Sarah Stone, were chosen for the Toronto International Film Festival's Rising Stars initiative, an annual distinction that spotlights four up and coming Canadian actors to talent developers and filmmakers at the festival.
Between 2015 and 2016, Kook starred in the popular web series Carmilla. In 2017, he was featured in the web series Running With Violet.
In January 2018, it was announced that Kook has been cast as a mysterious new guest star, Lucas, on the fifth season of The CW's The 100. This was revealed to be a red herring by series showrunner Jason Rothenberg. Kook's role was later revealed as Jordan Jasper Green, the son of Monty Green and Harper McIntyre. Kook had originally auditioned for the role of Finn Collins and Monty Green. Kook returned as a series regular in season six and seven.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
21st-century South African male actors
Coloured South African people
Male actors from Johannesburg
National Theatre School of Canada alumni
South African emigrants to Canada
South African male film actors
South African male television actors
South African people of Chinese descent
South African people of Mauritian descent
Universal Century Gundam Online was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game based in the Universal Century Gundam universe that launched in 2006.
There was a monthly fee for this game which is ¥1575 for 30 days of access (approximately US$17).
On June 15, 2007, Dimps announced that Gundam Online would be going offline at 10:00 JST on December 15, 2007. The game is no longer in service.
Gameplay
Players control an avatar within a game world in a third person view. Players can also pilot various vehicles and Mobile Suits. They can fight various other Mobile Suits, Vehicles controlled by other players, or NPCs.
Each Mobile Suit and Vehicle may be improved by the player a total of eight times, and can be outfitted with an array of equipment, with most MS having between 2 and 7 equipped and selectable weapons (only one weapon was actively held and firable) at a time.
The player's avatar can be created on one of two factions, the Principality of Zeon or the Earth Federation Forces, each with their own unique cities, vehicles, and Mobile Suits.
Players may attack other players of the opposing faction, as well attacking their own fellow faction players, though this would result in the player going "Criminal" and subject to penalty free attacking and killing by all players.
Players may form teams, which organize large groups of players and allow them coordinate activities through a reserved chat channel.
In order to combat enemies, players must "lock-on" to their enemies and initiate attacks, but all attack, dodge, shield block, and miss rolls of the weapons in the game were done automatically through dice rolls, as typical with other MMOs.
Setting
The game takes place in the Gundam Universal Century universe, more specifically the One Year War period, though most of the MS, MA, and vehicles in the game are featured from the Mobile Suit Variations publications, 0083:Stardust Memory and elements of Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam.
Development went through many stages, with the original plan being for the game to encompass the entire Earth. Some have speculated that each continent would have been a regional server for players on that particular continent. Space was released as the first and only expansion to the game, with many additional space MS variants added to the game such as the MS-09RS Rick Dom, the space versions of the GM C Kai and GM G Command, the "High Mobility" type Space Zakus; Mobile Armours and vehicles such as the RB-79 Ball, the Oggo, and many more. Though there are Earth Federation Forces (EFF) badges that are recolored and branded as "Titans" badges in the game's files, the Titans faction does not have any of the other required textures and graphical files to be used as a viable faction. The progression of the game was hinting towards moving into the Zeta era of the Universal Century, however with the shutdown of UCGO, the players may never know.
Players were able to choose between four cities on each faction on the continent of Australia and in a limited zone in space around the Earth. Currently the player cannot go to the Moon or any colonies, though there is a faction-specific "Space Station" of sorts where the players could craft and engage in pvp battles. They also added an asteroid zone (with most of the asteroids having no collision mapping), for players to engage in PVP battles in, called Helenes.
There were also two "capturable" warzone cities known as Newman and Richmond. Helping capture or defend these cities would result in medals for the player that would allow them to purchase special "gold" versions of certain weapons at each of the two cities, depending on their medal count per city. These warzones would be initiated by the attacking faction starting the war, an hour of wartime, and then a "peace" timer after a successful capture or defense, after the peace timer had depleted, the war-zone would be in a "truce" status again.
Community
Before closing, the game was primarily populated with Japanese players, but international players often found ways to get into the game and made up a minority of the population.
Despite the closing of the official server, community members have created their own private servers in an attempt to revive the game.
List of Private Servers:
http://www.ucgohost.com (2020 and ongoing) - Currently a test server but does have most of the elements of the "Final Version" of the emulated UCGO Private Server.
http://www.ucgoserver.com - Referred to as "UCGO Private Server" or "UCGOPS", etc. (Currently shutdown but you can access the website to download the "Private Server" server files and host your own server)
2009-2012 - Beta Testing and First Emulated Server of UCGO Launched in 2010
2013-2015 - First Reset, commonly referred to as "UCGO PS 2.0"
2016-2018 - Second Reset with minimal playerbase return
2019 - Final "Version" with a silent/unannounced reset and shut down
ucgo.restoration-gaming.com - "UCGO Restoration" (~2015-2016) This was an emulated server that introduced somewhat significant changes to the game, such as having to type /console commands in the middle of 30+ v 30+ battles to target 5 different "limbs" of a given target. These "limbs" would then introduce "detriment effects" such as every other fantasy MMO has, but the original UCGO and other emulated versions never did.
References
- Gundam Online Going Offline.
2006 video games
Gundam video games
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games
Japan-exclusive video games
Inactive massively multiplayer online games
Video games developed in Japan
Windows games
Windows-only games
José Rojí Blanco is a Spanish coxswain. He won a gold medal at the 1983 World Rowing Championships in Duisburg with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
Coxswains (rowing)
Living people
20th-century Spanish people
Torre de la Horadada is a Spanish town located on the Mediterranean Sea with an estimated population of 2.676 inhabitants and comes under the jurisdiction of Pilar de la Horadada, which in turn has a total population of 22.967 according to the National Statistics Institute. Both of these towns are located in the most southern point of the Alicante province in the southeast of Spain and therefore shares a border with the province of Murcia. The name of the town has its origin in two factors: the first, the 16th century watchtower; and the second, the site where the tower is found: the point of Horadada (el horadada) which comes from the Spanish word for "bore through" as it is situated on rocks made up of small caves developed by the water boring the rock.
Historical values
In ancient times, the Mediterranean coast and specifically the Horadada fields suffered many pirate raids. In order to prevent this, Phillip II had a series of watchtowers built along the coast, so that they could alert villagers about the presence of pirate ships. The Horadada tower was built in 1591, although there are traces of the existence of similar constructions from ancient times and the Middle Ages. From 1905 until the present day it has been property of the counts of Roche, who transformed it into their summer residence. During the 19th century the tower was used to make signals with an optical telegraph. In December 1995 it was registered as a property of cultural significance within Spain's Historical Heritage as a monument.
Natural values
Enthusiasts can enjoy diving and snorkeling along Torre's shores full of sea life. Along the coast you can find great sand banks combined with small rock formations full of marine diversity and posidonia seagrass ensuring an interesting diving experience.
Present day
As a coastal town it has experienced a great deal of its fortune thanks to tourism and boasts various prestigious blue flag beaches, the most popular being Los Jesuitas, El Conde, and El Puerto. These local beaches are well known for their fine sand and crystal waters. Its popularity during the busy summer months means that the town's population can quadruple in size with many visitors coming from other parts of Spain, mainly Madrid and Murcia to enjoy their summer residences.
In recent years Torre de la Horadada has become the home to many expatriate residents form northern Europe, mainly from the UK and Ireland. This has led to the all year round sustainability of the town, which has resulted in the advent of new local business and amenities such as supermarkets, bars, restaurants and the construction of a new, and modern tourism complex Lo Monte.
During the Spanish boom years of the first decade of the 21st century Torre like many other Spanish coastal towns saw an increase in the construction of homes, however in contrast to most other local towns this expansion was characterized for being steady and controlled which has safeguarded its appearance and the wellbeing of its residents. As a result, Torre has bucked the national trend for the demand of housing and still continues to have a number of construction projects currently in place, and although house prices have significantly reduced compared to the boom years they still favor considerably in relation to the national trend.
Amenities
Although it's a small coastal town Torre boasts various local services such as a medical center, supermarkets and two main plazas, “Pueblo Latino” and “The Square” home to a great variety of bars, restaurants and ice cream parlors meaning that all tastes and budgets are catered for.
The town is also home to a small marina of 525 moorings, which was built on a small fishing dock more than 30 years ago and has recently been a point of conflict between residents and authorities due to a proposed expansion of the port, which would endanger certain aspects of the environment as well as a negative visual impact.
As of June 2011 Torre is now home to a modest modern tourism complex, Lo Monte, which has three swimming pools, a gym and spa, and a bar/restaurant which provides local delicacies as well as international cuisine to both tourists and local residents. All the facilities are managed with the maximum respect for the environment and are adapted for children and disabled people. This complex adds to the touristic viability of the town, offering cozy wooden bungalows as well as plots to rent.
Also there is a Guardia Civil barracks located next to the famous watchtower from which the town takes its name.
Towns in Spain
F' Debut is the first album by Fiona Sit, released 8 April 2004 it was a best-seller in Hong Kong, and was awarded gold for sales asfit sold more than 25,000 copies.
Track listing
"XBF" – 4:12
"麥當娜一吻" (Madonna's kiss) – 2:56
"奇洛李維斯回信" (Keanu Reeves Reply) – 4:02
"上帝是男孩" (God is a Boy) – 3:13
"趕" (Out!) – 3:37
"小聰明" (Smart) – 3:36
"醜小鴨天鵝湖" (The Ugly Duckling) – 4:13
"冬眠" (Hibernate) – 4:09
"影迷少女" (Cinemamania) – 4:23
"XBF" (Soft Mix) – 4:03
"Vie Ya" (Hibernate English Version) – 4:08
References
2004 debut albums
Fiona Sit albums
Warner Music Group albums
Cantonese-language albums
Soutr Nikom District (Sout ~ / ~ Nikum; ) is a district of Siem Reap Province, in north western Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 90,080.
Administrative divisions
Soutr Nikom District has 10 communes and 113 villages.
References
Districts of Cambodia
Geography of Siem Reap province
In geology, a facies ( , ; same pronunciation and spelling in the plural) is a body of rock with specified characteristics, which can be any observable attribute of rocks (such as their overall appearance, composition, or condition of formation), and the changes that may occur in those attributes over a geographic area.
A facies encompasses all of the characteristics of a rock including its chemical, physical, and biological features that distinguish it from adjacent rock.
The term facies was introduced by the Swiss geologist Amanz Gressly in 1838 and was part of his significant contribution to the foundations of modern stratigraphy, which replaced the earlier notions of Neptunism.
Types of facies
Sedimentary facies
Ideally, a sedimentary facies is a distinctive rock unit that forms under certain conditions of sedimentation, reflecting a particular process or environment. Sedimentary facies are either descriptive or interpretative. Sedimentary facies are bodies of sediment that are recognizably distinct from adjacent sediments that resulted from different depositional environments. Generally, geologists distinguish facies by the aspect of the rock or sediment being studied. Facies based on petrological characters (such as grain size and mineralogy) are called lithofacies, whereas facies based on fossil content are called biofacies.
A facies is usually further subdivided, for example, one might refer to a "tan, cross-bedded oolitic limestone facies" or a "shale facies". The characteristics of the rock unit come from the depositional environment and from the original composition. Sedimentary facies reflect their depositional environment, each facies being a distinct kind of sediment for that area or environment.
Since its inception in 1838, the facies concept has been extended to related geological concepts. For example, characteristic associations of organic microfossils, and particulate organic material, in rocks or sediments, are called palynofacies. Discrete seismic units are similarly referred to as seismic facies.
Sedimentary facies are described in a group of "facies descriptors" which must be distinct, reproducible and exhaustive. A reliable facies description of an outcrop in the field would include: composition, texture, sedimentary structure(s), bedding geometry, nature of bedding contact, fossil content and colour.
Walther's law of facies
Walther's law of facies, or simply Walther's law, named after the geologist Johannes Walther (1860-1937), states that the vertical succession of facies reflects lateral changes in environment. Conversely, it states that when a depositional environment "migrates" laterally, sediments of one depositional environment come to lie on top of another. In Russia the law is known as Golovkinsky-Walther's law, honoring also Nikolai A. Golovkinsky
(1834-1897). A classic example of this law is the vertical stratigraphic succession that typifies marine transgressions and regressions.
Metamorphic facies
The sequence of minerals that develop during progressive metamorphism (that is, metamorphism at progressively higher temperatures and/or pressures) define a facies series.
Seismic facies
Seismic facies are mappable three-dimensional seismic units composed of reflection units whose parameters differ from adjacent facies units.
See also
Lithofacies
Metamorphic rock
Sequence stratigraphy
Stratum
Notes
References
Metamorphic petrology
Petrology concepts
Sedimentary rocks
Stratigraphy
The 2001 Pontiac Excitement 400 was the 11th stock car race of the 2001 NASCAR Winston Cup Series and the 47th iteration of the event. The race was held on Saturday, May 5, 2001, in Richmond, Virginia, at Richmond International Raceway, a 0.75 miles (1.21 km) D-shaped oval. The race took the scheduled 400 laps to complete. At race's end, Tony Stewart, driving for Joe Gibbs Racing, would hold off the field on the final restart with two to go to win his 10th career NASCAR Winston Cup Series win and his first of the season. To fill out the podium, Jeff Gordon, driving for Hendrick Motorsports, and Rusty Wallace, driving for Penske Racing South, would finish second and third, respectively.
Background
Richmond International Raceway (RIR) is a 3/4-mile (1.2 km), D-shaped, asphalt race track located just outside Richmond, Virginia in Henrico County. It hosts the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series and Xfinity Series. Known as "America's premier short track", it formerly hosted a NASCAR Camping World Truck Series race, an IndyCar Series race, and two USAC sprint car races.
Entry list
(R) denotes rookie driver.
Practice
First practice
The first practice session was held on Friday, May 4, at 12:00 PM EST. The session would last for two hours. Steve Park, driving for Dale Earnhardt, Inc., would set the fastest time in the session, with a lap of 21.580 and an average speed of .
Second and final practice
The final practice session, sometimes referred to as Happy Hour, was held on Friday, May 4, at 5:50 PM EST. The session would last for one hour and 30 minutes. Jeff Gordon, driving for Hendrick Motorsports, would set the fastest time in the session, with a lap of 22.114 and an average speed of .
Qualifying
Qualifying was held on Friday, May 4, at 3:30 PM EST. Each driver would have two laps to set the fastest time; the fastest of the two would count as their official qualifying lap. Positions 1-36 would be decided on time, while positions 37-43 would be based on provisionals. Six spots are awarded by the use of provisionals based on owner's points. The seventh is awarded to a past champion who has not otherwise qualified for the race. If no past champ needs the provisional, the next team in the owner points will be awarded a provisional.
Mark Martin, driving for Roush Racing, would win the pole, setting a time of 21.667 and an average speed of .
Three drivers would fail to qualify: Buckshot Jones, Hermie Sadler, and Hut Stricklin.
Full qualifying results
Race results
References
2001 NASCAR Winston Cup Series
NASCAR races at Richmond Raceway
2001 in sports in Virginia
May 2001 sports events in the United States
Aulikara dynasty may refer to-
First Aulikara dynasty, the first royal house belonging to the ancient Aulikara clan
Second Aulikara dynasty, the second dynasty belonging to the Aulikara clan
Aulikara Empire, founded by Yashodharman of the Second Aulikara dynasty
Aulikara, an ancient clan
Tabard Gardens is a small park in Southwark, London. It is located on Tabard Street (itself named after the former Tabard public house) and gives its name to the surrounding Tabard Gardens Estate. The park was created as part of a slum clearance programme by the London County Council and opened in 1929. It is owned and managed by Southwark Council.
Facilities and features
Tabard Gardens, which holds a Green Flag Award, has large grassed areas, a wildlife area and a children's play area.
An artificial grass football pitch is available to book for a fee. Either the full pitch or half the pitch can be booked for an hour at a time. Built in 2000 and refurbished in 2008, the pitch won the MyLocalPitch (now Playfinder) outstanding London sports venue award for August 2016.
There are also multi-use sports pitches for games like basketball, which are free to use and do not require booking. A free outdoor gym was installed in 2013. It is situated next to three outdoor table tennis tables. The park hosts boot camp training.
A mosaic memorial bench created by Arthur de Mowbray and Jay James was installed in 2011 to commemorate David Idowu, who was murdered in the park in 2008. A peace event is held in the park most years to mark the anniversary of Idowu's death.
The surrounding Tabard Gardens Estate, but not the park itself, has some of the last remaining stretcher fences in London – these are fences re-purposed from metal stretchers used by Air Raid Precautions wardens to carry Blitz casualties during World War II. The Tabard Gardens Community Allotments are on the surrounding estate, rather than within the park itself.
History
The Tabard was an inn on Borough High Street established in about 1306 or 1307. It is best known for being a meeting place for pilgrims to the shrine of Thomas à Becket in Canterbury and appears in The Canterbury Tales written by Chaucer in the late 14th century. Around the 17th century it was renamed the Talbot and was probably rebuilt at least twice, including after the 1676 Southwark fire. The replacement building, which may have resembled Chaucer's inn, was demolished in 1874 or 1875, amid protests due to its literary associations.
Tabard Street, renamed after the inn in 1877, was the northern end of Kent Street (the southern portion is now Old Kent Road). Kent Street had been part of the main route between London and the port of Dover until it was supplanted by newer roads. The section that is now Tabard Street was bypassed by the turnpike development of Great Dover Street in about 1814.
By the 20th century Tabard Street was surrounded by notorious slums. The London County Council razed the majority of the eastern side of the street as part of a major slum clearance programme in 1910. From then until 1933 the LCC rebuilt the area as the Tabard Gardens Estate, with large blocks of flats replacing the previous buildings. Of the 10 acres (4.2 hectares) of the development site, 5 acres (2 hectares) were set aside as a park for the estate, which was called Tabard Gardens and opened in 1929.
On 8 March 1968, a 5-year-old boy, David Lawrence, was found murdered in the toilets in the park. The killer was never found.
On 17 June 2008, David Idowu, 14, was stabbed in the park while playing football. He died at the Royal London Hospital three weeks later on 7 July. 16-year-old Elijah Dayoni was sentenced on 16 January 2009 to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 12 years for Idowu's murder.
Tabard Gardens first won a Green Flag Award in 2013, which it has retained in each subsequent year of the competition up to and including 2021.
An air ambulance landed in Tabard Gardens on 31 October 2014 to treat an 18-year-old man who was stabbed to death outside an off-licence in nearby Pilgrimage Street. Less than a year later, on 29 June 2015, an air ambulance again landed in the park after Lorraine Barwell, a 54-year-old Serco prisoner custody officer, was fatally assaulted at Blackfriars Crown Court.
A large gathering promoted as an "Afro Vibe BBQ" on Saturday 20 June 2020 left the park covered with litter. The following weekend, the police issued an authorisation under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, temporarily allowing them to direct people to leave the area if necessary.
References
External links
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Southwark
Urban public parks in the United Kingdom
1929 establishments in England
Peters Corner is a truck stop, bar, and motel complex situated in Pinal County, Arizona, United States, located four miles west of Stanfield. It has an estimated elevation of above sea level.
Peters Corner was founded no later than 1951, when Essex Peters opened the Midway Inn at the location.
In 1967, Pinal County attorney Lloyd Brumage filed an injunction against the institution at Peters Corner, claiming it was a "house of prostitution." The Peters' Corner Tavern's liquor license was revoked following another prostitution raid in 1972, and the bar's owners appealed the revocation. The bar and filling station was temporarily closed and sold to new owners in 1973.
Local sources show the name was changed to Simps' Corner in 1974. However, the location continued to be called Peters Corner in later sources.
References
Populated places in Pinal County, Arizona
Samborombón is a small rural community in Brandsen Partido in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, located at Kilometer 90 of Route 2. The name Samborombón is a variation of San Borondón, the Spanish name of St. Brendan.
Population
According to the last census the population count was 198 ().
Are there two Samborombón?
About 10 km. southwest of Brandsen, near an old road that connected to Brandsen with Ranchos, is another place called Samborombón, which is often confused with the town. At that other Samborombón there is an abandoned train station of the former Rail Buenos Aires Province, a school, No. 16 of District Brandsen, and a few houses.
See also
Samborombón River
Samborombón Bay
External links
Coord and NASA, Google images
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Surviving Jack is an American sitcom that aired as a mid-season replacement on Fox as part of the 2013–14 American television season. On May 8, 2013, Fox placed a thirteen-episode order for the single-camera comedy. The pilot is written by Justin Halpern and Patrick Schumacker, and the series is based on Halpern's autobiographical book I Suck at Girls. On October 25, 2013, the order of episodes was cut to eight, due to scheduling restrictions.
On May 7, 2014, Fox canceled the series after one season, and 7 episodes broadcast, leaving a single episode unaired, and the remaining episodes have never been circulated. They later aired the last episode, episode eight, in New Zealand on TV2.
Synopsis
Set in Southern California, in 1991, the series centers on Jack Dunlevy, an ex-military man and no-nonsense guy who becomes a full-time parent when his wife decides to go to law school. He takes an unorthodox approach to keeping his teenagers, Frankie and Rachel, in line.
Cast
Christopher Meloni as Dr. Jack Dunlevy, a blunt talking, former military man, now a doctor, who, after many years, is assuming the parent responsibilities now that his wife is going back to law school.
Rachael Harris as Joanne Dunlevy, a loving wife and mom, who is going back to law school. She longs to have her home be the neighborhood "hangout house."
Connor Buckley as Frankie Dunlevy, a typical, awkward freshman teenager, who is usually the focus point of all of Jack's parenting mistakes.
Claudia Lee as Rachel Dunlevy, a super conceited, overconfident, super popular senior in high school. She can't stand any of her brother Frankie's friends.
Kevin Hernandez as George, Frankie's best friend since 2nd grade. He has a huge crush on Rachel.
Tyler Foden as Mikey, one of Frankie's best friends, who comes from a broken home. This is his second year as a freshman.
Mell Bowser as Craig
Critical reception
Review aggregation website, Rotten Tomatoes gives Surviving Jack a score of 68% average rating of 6.2 out of 10, based on 31 reviews. The website's consensus reads: "Christopher Meloni's comedic chops help sell Surviving Jack's fresh twist on gender roles and the traditional sitcom formula, even if the show falls a little flat in other areas." Metacritic gives the show a weighted average score of 65 out of 100, based on reviews from 24 critics, indicating "generally favorable" reviews.
Episodes
References
External links
2010s American single-camera sitcoms
2014 American television series debuts
2014 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Fox Broadcasting Company original programming
Television shows based on books
Television series by Warner Bros. Television Studios
Television series set in the 1990s
Television series set in 1991
Television shows set in California
Troy Stanley Reddick (born December 12, 1983) is a former American football offensive lineman and personal trainer with John Charles' Air One Football Academy. He chose to sign with the Chicago Bears over the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Auburn University where he was an integral part of the undefeated 2004 season that culminated in a Sugar Bowl victory.
Reddick has also been a member of the New York Giants, San Jose SaberCats, Dallas Desperados, and the Arizona Rattlers. Having had the opportunity to hone his craft in the most physically dominant division of football, the SEC West, his experiences are invaluable to young lineman he trains. As the son of a former college QB and being a lifelong offensive lineman he contends, that his key to success is helping those around him accomplish their goals.
High school career
Troy is a 2002 graduate of Westover Comprehensive High School (Georgia). He was a three-sport athlete and two-way starter on the football team for which he earned the following accolades: 2× 1st Team Georgia Region 1-AAA, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution [Georgia] State Super 11, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution [Georgia] Top 50, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution Super Southern 100, Super Prep Magazine All-Dixie Team, Super Prep Magazine Georgia Top 15, rated as one of the top 30 offensive tackles in the nation by Rivals100.com, and Prep Star All-Southeast Region selection.
College career
Auburn University: He started 40 games split between guard and tackle. His four years starting at Auburn including the undefeated 2004 season that culminated in a SEC championship and a Sugar Bowl victory. He was 2x Associated Press All-SEC Honorable Mention selection. As a part of the winning-est class in Auburn history, helping them maintain a top three winning percentage in the country over three years. He had the opportunity to block for three NFL first round draft picks including Ronnie Brown, Carnell Williams, and Jason Campbell. Also second round draft pick Kenny Irons and fourth round draft pick Brandon Jacobs. Participated in the inaugural Las Vegas All-Star Game.
Professional career
Attended the 2006 NFL Combine. Signed with the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent was released and resumed camp with the New York Giants but was later released. In Spring 2007 while attending camp with the Arena Football Leagues San Jose Sabercats, he was drafted #1 overall in the NFL Europe draft. He chose to stay with the San Jose Sabercats and went on to lead them to the 2007 Arena Bowl Championship. He was traded to the Kansas City Brigade. Then acquired by the Dallas Desperadoes at 2008. He suffered a season-ending injury and the AFL filed for bankruptcy later that year. The AFL returned in 2010 and so did Troy with the Arizona Rattlers, proving that he could come back after a potential career ending leg injury.
Training and coaching experience
Trained with Tom Shaw former NE Patriots S&C coach and founder TSP. Trained with Kevin Yoxall former UCLA and Auburn University S&C coach. Trained with Rusty Jones former Buffalo Bills and Chicago Bears S&C coach. Trained with Chip Smith founder of Competitive Edge Sports. In 2010, Troy became the OL/DL coach of Cedar Grove Middle School after turning down several high school coaching offers. CGMS went undefeated in the regular season and lost the division championship game. Working with raw talent is something Troy is very passionate about.
External links
Arena Football League bio
Arizona Rattlers bio
Auburn Tigers bio
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Albany, Georgia
Players of American football from Georgia (U.S. state)
American football offensive tackles
Auburn Tigers football players
Chicago Bears players
New York Giants players
San Jose SaberCats players
Dallas Desperados players
Arizona Rattlers players
Alabama Vipers players
Point Aconi (2021 pop. 113) is a rural community in Nova Scotia at the northeastern tip of Boularderie Island. It derives its name from the headland of the same name, Point Aconi.
Point Aconi is located in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality and fronts the Cabot Strait along the northeastern shore of Boularderie Island.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Point Aconi had a population of 113 living in 56 of its 59 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 134. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Coal mining
The region sits over the northern end of the Sydney Coal Field, a large coal field which extends at an angle under the Cabot Strait. Specifically, the Point Aconi area is home to the Hub coal seam of the Sydney Mines Formation (Upper Carboniferous).
As such, the area around Point Aconi has been commercially mined since the early 19th century, first by the General Mining Association (GMA), then by the Nova Scotia Steel and Coal Company (SCOTIA) and later the British Empire Steel Corporation (BESCO) and its successors, the Dominion Steel and Coal Corporation (DOSCO) and the federal Crown corporation Cape Breton Development Corporation (DEVCO).
Point Aconi was home to the last underground coal mine in operation in Nova Scotia, the Prince Colliery, which was opened by DEVCO during the global energy crisis in the early 1970s. A limited access road, Highway 162, was constructed from the Trans-Canada Highway Highway 105 to the south in order to relieve local roads of traffic congestion during shift changes at the mine, as well as from dump trucks hauling the coal.
The then-provincial Crown corporation Nova Scotia Power Corp. constructed the Point Aconi Generating Station adjacent to the mine in the early 1990s to take advantage of the readily available fuel source.
The Prince mine was closed in November 2001, ending underground mining in Nova Scotia. However, the Point Aconi GS continues to operate as it is the most modern thermal generating station in Nova Scotia and provides lower emissions than older plants of a similar size.
Following the closure, several proposals were made to strip mine remaining coal deposits near the surface in the Point Aconi area. However, the proposal met with strong community opposition, citing fears of contamination and changes to groundwater supplies, as well as industrial nuisance through deteriorated air quality and noise which would lead to lower property values. Eventually, Pioneer Coal Limited was granted permission to conduct a reclamation mining operation starting in 2006. By 2012, some 25% of the area had been reclaimed.
Lighthouse
A lighthouse was first erected at Point Aconi in 1874. The last lighthouse, a glass fibre tower standing tall, was erected in 1989. It was destroyed by fire in 2014.
Climate
The highest temperature ever recorded in Point Aconi was on 10 August 2001, and the coldest temperature ever recorded was on 8 February 1993.
References
Point Aconi on Destination Nova Scotia
Communities in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality
Designated places in Nova Scotia
Mining communities in Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Joseph Kellogg was a well-known steamboat captain and businessman of Portland, Oregon.
Early life
Joseph Kellogg was born in Canada on June 12, 1812. His father Orrin Kellogg (September 4, 1790 – February 14, 1872) was born in St. Albans, Vermont, and his mother Margaret Miller Kellogg was Canadian. After the War of 1812, his family moved first to New York and then to Ohio. Kellogg was trained as a millwright.
In 1847 the Kellogg family crossed the plains to Oregon. They left Wood county, Ohio, November 24, 1847, with horse-drawn wagons. At Cincinnati, Ohio they shipped by steamer to St. Louis, and from there drove to St. Joseph, Missouri where they wintered.
Emigration to Oregon
In May a company of thirty wagons started on journey across the plains. They had covered wagons and were provided with tin stoves and all the arms and provisions needed for such a journey. The emigrant party later exchanged their horses for oxen. They were able to travel nearly twenty-five miles a day, and arrived at Milwaukie, Oregon on September 8, 1848.
On arrival in Oregon, the heads of the families took up adjoining donation land claims of each, on which they erected cabins. Kellogg built the first commercial flour mill in Oregon. He also built several of the first sawmills. Kellogg's land claim was next to that of Lot Whitcomb, at Milwaukie. Kellogg, Whitcomb and William Torrence laid out the town site of what they hoped would be the principal city in Oregon.
In Milwaukie, Kellogg built a sawmill and a schooner. Kellogg, Whitcomb and Torrence loaded the schooner with provisions from the adjoining farms, took it to California, and there sold both vessel and cargo, and with the proceeds they bought the brig Forest, which they used in the lumber trade between Oregon and California. Lumber in Sacramento was at that time worth $200 for 1,000 board feet. The firm soon made money enough to purchase the bark Louisiana, which was fitted with engines and boilers and the complete outfit of a steamship.
Construction of the Lot Whitcomb
In the spring of 1850, Kellogg, Whitcomb and Torrence began building the sidewheel steamer Lot Whitcomb, which was either the first or the second large steam craft ever built in Oregon. They launched this boat on December 25, 1850. Kellogg was one of the owners of the boat, as well as of the site of the new city of Milwaukie. Under the initial command of Capt. John C. Ainsworth, Lot Whitcomb ran between Milwaukie and Astoria for several years, after which they sold it in San Francisco. Later Kellogg withdrew from the firm, forming a partnership with Bradbury and Eddy, who together built the Standard Flour Mills, which for years were the most extensive in the state of Oregon.
Association with the People's Transportation Company
In 1863 Kellogg built the sternwheeler Senator, which he sold to the People's Transportation Company. Kellogg became an owner of the People's Transportation Company in 1864. In 1867, Kellogg superintended the building of a basin above Willamette Falls, in 1867, which made it much easier to traverse the portage between the portions of the Willamette River above and below Willamette Falls. Kellogg was also connected with Capt. George A. Pease in the first navigation of the Tualatin River with the steamboat Onward, and they also constructed the canal between that river and Sucker Lake, making it possible to bring freight from the Tualatin River to Oswego and thence to the Willamette river. Kellogg also laid out the town of Oswego.
Sale of business to Ben Holladay
In 1870 the People's Transportation Company sold out to Ben Holladay, and soon afterward the Willamette Transportation Company was formed, of which Kellogg became vice-president and director. Under Kellogg's supervision, this company built the steamboats Governor Grover and Beaver.
Operations on the Cowlitz River
Soon later Kellogg sold out his interest in the Willamette Transportation Company and its boats, and formed a new transportation company with his brother, Jason, and his two sons. Kellogg then built the steamboats Joseph Kellogg and Toledo and placed his boats on the Columbia River, on the line to Washougal, Washington and the Cowlitz River. His two sons, Captains Orrin and Charles H., were put in command of these boats. The firm was incorporated as the Joseph Kellogg Transportation Company, and it became one of the most successful steamboat lines on the Columbia
river.
Personal life
Kellogg's son Charles H. Kellogg became a successful steamboat captain, but died before his father on August 7, 1889 Kellogy's other son Orrin lived much longer, and was also a successful captain. Kellogg died Nov 30, 1903 and is buried at the Greenwood Hills Cemetery, Portland, Oregon along with his wife Estella. Kellogg had child, Harvey, who died in infancy. Kellogg lived to the age of 91, and at his death was the senior river pilot. Kellogg was also a prominent Mason
See also
Steamboats of the Columbia River
Steamboats of the Willamette River
Steamboats of the Cowlitz River
History of Portland, Oregon
References
External links
Photographs from Salem Public Library
sternwheeler Joseph Kellogg
Chester on Cowlitz River, in extremely low water
Steamboats of Washington (state)
Steamboats of Oregon
History of Portland, Oregon
1812 births
1882 deaths
Businesspeople from Portland, Oregon
Oregon pioneers
American people of Canadian descent
People's Transportation Company
Willamette Transportation Company
Willamette River Transportation Company
19th-century American businesspeople
Raimo Grönberg (born 8 March 1953 in Oulu, Finland) is a Finnish actor whose career has mainly based on television.
Vierikko began acting in 1978 on television working consistently throughout the 1980s and 1990s appearing in a number of TV series. In film he starred in the 2003 film Sibelius working with Finnish director Timo Koivusalo and actors such as Martti Suosalo, Heikki Nousiainen, Seela Sella, Miina Turunen and Vesa Vierikko.
He once again worked with director Koivusalo in Kaksipäisen kotkan varjossa in 2005. He is scheduled to star in another Koivusalo film Täällä Pohjantähden alla in 2009.
2009–2013 Grönberg played Seargeant Härmälä in very popular Finnish countryside drama series Pirunpelto. Grönberg is also known as Gunnar Mustavaara in MTV3's soap opera Salatut elämät (2017–). In 2018 he appeared in crime drama series Deadwind.
References
External links
Finnish male actors
Finnish male television actors
Actors from Oulu
1953 births
Living people
Jacques Decaux (9 March 1918 – 2003) was a French sports shooter. He competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1918 births
2003 deaths
French male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of France
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
People from Aigle District
Al Abbas () is a Syrian town located in Abu Kamal District, Deir ez-Zor. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Al Abbas had a population of 2,314 in the 2004 census.
History
During the Syrian Civil War, Al Abbas was occupied by ISIS until the Syrian Arab Army captured the town in 2017.
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
ATN PM One is a Canadian exempt Category B Punjabi language specialty channel owned by Asian Television Network (ATN). It broadcasts Punjabi music and entertainment programming for the entire family.
ATN PM One originally launched as ATN MH 1 on September 29, 2009 and is available on Bell Fibe TV, Cogeco, Rogers Cable, Shaw Cable & Optik TV.
In October 2017, ATN MH1 was renamed 'ATN PM One' due to loss of programming from MH1.
External links
Digital cable television networks in Canada
Music video networks in Canada
Television channels and stations established in 2009
Punjabi-language television in Canada
Kim Scott Howells (born 27 November 1946) is a Welsh Labour Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Pontypridd from 1989 to 2010, and held a number of ministerial positions within the Blair and Brown governments.
Biography
Howells is the son of Glanville Howells, a Communist lorry driver, and of Joan Glenys Howells. Born in Merthyr Tydfil, Wales and raised in Penywaun near Aberdare in the Cynon Valley, he is a former pupil of Mountain Ash Grammar School.
Howells went to Hornsey College of Art where he was active in the May 1968 student occupation, and was the first protester to breach the Metropolitan Police cordon at the demonstration against the Vietnam War outside the US Embassy in Grosvenor Square in 1968.
Howells featured as a student leader at Hornsey College of Art in director John Goldschmidt's film Our Live Experiment is worth more than 3,000 Textbooks, made for Granada Television and shown on the ITV network.
He attended the Cambridgeshire College of Arts and Technology between 1971 and 1974 where he studied for a Joint Honours Degree and was awarded an upper second, which allowed him to follow post-graduate studies in history. Howells later obtained a PhD from the University of Warwick in 1979 for a thesis entitled A view from below: tradition, experience and nationalism in the South Wales coalfield, 1937–1957.
Professional career
On returning home to South Wales from college, Howells worked as a researcher and editor for the South Wales Miner, before becoming a South Wales National Union of Mineworkers official and local representative of the Communist Party of Great Britain. He joined the Labour Party in 1982.
Howells ran the NUM Pontypridd office which co-ordinated the South Wales miners' efforts during the UK miners' strike. A serious incident during the national dispute occurred in his area at the end of November 1984, when taxi driver David Wilkie was killed when two striking miners dropped a concrete block off a local bridge onto Wilkie's taxi, which was taking a strike-breaking miner to work. On being told of the incident in a telephone call from a reporter of the South Wales Echo, Howells rode his bicycle to the NUM offices.
After allegations that he hid evidence associated with the death of Wilkie, and an investigation by South Wales Police, Howells in 2004 commented in a BBC Wales documentary that when he heard the news, he thought "hang on, we've got all those records we've kept over in the NUM offices, there's all those maps on the wall, we're gonna get implicated in this". He then destroyed a large number of papers because he feared a police raid on the union offices. He has commented that the attack by the strikers was a result of pressure to get the miners to return to work.
After the miners' strike and the closure of 29 of the 30 National Coal Board pits in South Wales, Howells became a writer and presenter for television and radio, and a college lecturer.
Parliamentary career
Howells entered the House of Commons in a by-election in 1989. As a member of the Labour Opposition, he became successively an Opposition Spokesman on Trade and Industry, on Home Affairs, on Foreign Affairs and on Development and Co-operation. Howells suggested in 1996 that the word "socialism" ought to be "humanely phased out" of Labour Party policy documents. (Clause IV (revised in 1995) of the party's constitution states that "The Labour Party is a democratic socialist party").
He held a string of junior ministerial posts in various departments following the 1997 election until October 2008. From May 1997 to January 1998 he served as a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Department for Education and Employment. He then served in the Department for Trade and Industry until June 2001, and then as a junior minister with the trade and broadcasting brief at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport until June 2003. He served as a Minister of State from June 2003 to September 2004, when he became Minister for Higher Education. He left that post when he was made Minister for the Middle East in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in May 2005. He remained a Minister of State at the Foreign Office after Gordon Brown became Prime Minister, but returned to the backbenches when Brown conducted a reshuffle in October 2008.
After leaving the government Howells was appointed to take over from Margaret Beckett as chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee, a committee of parliamentarians that oversees the work of Britain's intelligence and security agencies.
In 2003 he said the Labour government was trying to run capitalism more "efficiently" and "humanely". He is a member and the former chairman of Labour Friends of Israel.
In February 2009 Howells was appointed to the Privy Council, making him the Right Honourable Kim Howells, an appointment that coincided with the 20th anniversary of his election to Parliament.
In March 2009 it was revealed that Howells made one of the lowest expense claims among Welsh MPs, being 5th from bottom.
On 18 December 2009 Howells announced that he would stand down at the 2010 general election.
On 15 July 2011 Howells received an Honorary Doctorate for his contribution to Welsh and British politics from the University of Glamorgan. Following racist comments made by Howells concerning the financial reasons for recruiting students from overseas and, particularly, the perceived security risk appertaining to students from Libya, international students organised to demonstrate at the event. Howells withdrew from the ceremony at the last minute after pressure mounted on him. The NUS Wale Black Students' Campaign described Dr Howells' comments as "reckless" and said that the comments "could add to the barriers facing Black and Minority Ethnic students in Wales".
Parliamentary challenges
In February 2006 he was the subject of a complaint from Paul Flynn MP after he mocked Mr Flynn's attitude towards the UK's Afghan drug policy:
On 22 November 2006 it was announced that on a recent visit to Iraq his helicopter was involved in an incident as it left the city of Basra with witnesses claiming shots were fired at the aircraft.
Ministerial career
Howells served in various ministerial capacities. Notable legislation he introduced included the Licensing Act 2003 and the Communications Act 2003.
Personality
Howells is known to be outspoken. He told The Scotsman newspaper in September 1995 that devolution was akin to fascism and that it would lead to the "Balkanisation of Great Britain".
In 2002, as a junior Minister at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, he criticised the Turner Prize by writing a note that read:
Throughout his Parliamentary career he was unafraid to speak his mind and often sparked strong criticism from those he criticised or offended. During a House of Commons debate on licensing laws he said that the idea of "listening to three Somerset folk singers sounds like hell".
On the Today programme, while visiting Iraq on 11 March 2006 as Foreign Office minister, he commented in an interview:
On 22 July 2006 Howell criticised Israel's bombardment of Lebanon while on a visit to Beirut, breaking with the Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary's less critical line, saying:
He once described the British royal family as "a bit bonkers".
Howells said in 2013 that Labour had to change its relationship with the unions or face damaging its reputation and risk losing the next general election.
Personal life
Howells married Eirlys Davies in 1983. He has two sons and one stepdaughter.
References
External links
official profile
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Ask Aristotle: Kim Howells MP
TheyWorkForYou.com – Kim Howells MP
The Public Whip – Kim Howells voting record
Flickr Album – Photographs
BBC News report of Turner Prize comments 31 October 2002
Report on his comments about the Monarchy and the Somerset Folk Singers. Also details an exchange with Paul Flynn on drugs policy in which Howells became abusive.
Minister admits Iraq is 'a mess', BBC, 11 March 2006 (audio)
1946 births
Living people
Welsh Labour Party MPs
Alumni of Anglia Ruskin University
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Communist Party of Great Britain members
Labour Friends of Israel
Welsh trade unionists
Welsh communists
Alumni of the University of Warwick
Alumni of Middlesex University
People from Merthyr Tydfil
Coal in Wales
Ministers for Universities (United Kingdom)
Odorgonno Senior High School (Great OSSA) is a Ghanaian based senior secondary school. Its motto is Nobis Nitendum est, which is Latin and means Ours is to Strive. As of 2017, it has 2,671 students and 183 staff, including 53 non-teaching staff.
History
The school was established as a boys' day school in 1940 on the crest of the Odaw River at Adabraka in the Greater Accra Region by Joseph Thomas Leigh and three other teachers at the Accra High School. It was taken into the government system and moved to Awoshie, which is its current location, in 1990. In 1993, it became co-educational, began boarding in 2007, and gained model school status on 25 November 2008.
Notable alumni
George Aggudey, Politician
Richie Agyemfra-Kumi, Politician
K.G. Osei Bonsu, lawyer and politician
Fameye, Musician
Chris Tsui Hesse, cinematographer, filmmaker, film administrator and photographer
Clement Kofi Amoah, Filmmaker, film director and producer
Bill Okyere Marshall, Playwright
Medikal, Musician
Walter Samuel Nkanu Onnoghen, Chief Justice of Nigeria
Bob Pixel, Photographer
Sheikh I. C. Quaye, Politician
Fredrick Percival Segbefia, Politician
Mohammed Adjei Sowah, Mayor of Accra.
Comedian Waris, Ghanaian comedian
Guy Warren, Musician, best known as the inventor of Afro-jazz
Incredible Zigi, Dancer
External links
Odorgonno Senior High School
References
Schools in Ghana
Greater Accra Region
Educational institutions established in 1940
1940 establishments in Gold Coast (British colony)
Miele is a manufacturer of domestic appliances and commercial equipment.
Miele may also refer to:
People
André Miele (born 1987), Brazilian tennis player
Carl Miele (1869–1938), German entrepreneur
Frank Miele (born 1948), American journalist
Rudolf Miele (1929–2004), German entrepreneur
Vittorio Miele (1926–1999), Italian painter
Other uses
Miele (bicycle), a Canadian bicycle manufacturer
Miele (film), a 2013 Italian film
Miele (river), Germany
Miele Guide, a regional guide book to restaurants in Asia
See also
The British-Brazilian Treaty of 1826 was a treaty between the United Kingdom and the Empire of Brazil, by which Brazil agreed to ban the African slave trade.
It was signed at Rio de Janeiro on 23 November 1826. Exchange of ratifications took place on 13 March 1827, and the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed legislation on 2 July 1827 to enforce the treaty (Slave Trade, Convention with Brazil Act 1827, 7 & 8 Geo. 4 c. 74).
In 1827, Emperor Pedro I presented the treaty to the Chamber of Deputies for its approval; its Committee for Diplomacy and Statistics approved the convention by three votes to two. In response, on 2 July 1827, deputy Raimundo José da Cunha Mattos, a member of the Committee who opposed the treaty, delivered a two hour speech in defence of the continuation of the slave trade.
The treaty provided that it would be illegal for any subject of the Empire of Brazil to be engaged in carrying out the African slave trade. It provided a three year grace period after the exchange of ratifications, which meant that the ban took effect on 13 March 1830.
The United Kingdom had mediated the Treaty of Rio de Janeiro (1825) by which Portugal recognised the independence of Brazil; the UK had made a commitment from Brazil to abolish the slave trade a condition of its support in securing recognition of Brazil's independence, and this treaty was agreed in fulfilment of that commitment.
Although the treaty was supported by Emperor Pedro I, it did not have widespread popular support in Brazil; as a result, the Brazilian government largely failed to enforce the treaty, and the slave trade to Brazil continued despite the treaty's ban. In response, the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed the Aberdeen Act of 1845, which authorised British warships to board Brazilian ships and seize any found to be involved in the slave trade.
External links
Full text of the treaty (English and Portuguese)
References
1826 in Brazil
1826 in the British Empire
1826 treaties
Treaties of the Empire of Brazil
Treaties of the United Kingdom (1801–1922)
African slave trade
Slavery in Brazil
Anti-slavery treaties
Brazil–United Kingdom relations
Kim Min-jung, nicknamed "MJ" is a South Korean curler. She was one of the coaches of the South Korean Women's Olympic Curling Team in 2018, skipped by Kim Eun-jung. After the Olympics, Team Kim accused Min-jung and her father Kim Kyung-doo (who was also the countries sports federation vice president) of abusing the team. She is no longer the coach of the team.
Career
Kim was the alternate at first for the Kim Eun-jung team. They represented South Korea at the 2012 Pacific-Asia Curling Championships where they finished in third place after losing the semifinal to Japan's Satsuki Fujisawa, and therefore failed to qualify for the world championships.
Team Kim captured the national championship again in April 2014. At the 2014 Pacific-Asia Curling Championships, they had an unbeaten 8-0 round-robin record and a semifinal win over New Zealand. However, in the final, they lost against China's Liu Sijia on an extra-end steal, narrowly missing a berth to the world championships.
In April 2016, Team Kim claimed their third national championship by beating in the final a high school curling team skipped by Kim Min-ji, which had earned bronze at the world junior championships the previous month. Kim Min-jung was moved to the coach of the team as Kim Cho-hi came in as their new alternate. At the 2016 Pacific-Asia Curling Championships, the South Korean team went through the round-robin with a 6–1 record and won the semifinal over New Zealand. Then in the final, they defeated China's Wang Bingyu to capture the Pacific-Asia title. Later that season, they represented South Korea at the 2017 World Women's Curling Championship where they finished in sixth with a 5–6 record.
In May 2017, Team Kim defended their national title at the 2017 South Korean Curling Championships, which also served as trials for the 2018 Winter Olympics, by winning the best-of-seven final over Kim Min-ji 4-1 after defeating Gim Un-chi in the best-of-five semifinal 3–2. This qualified the team for the Olympics. Later that year Kim and her team won the gold medal at the 2017 Pacific-Asia Curling Championships.
The 2018 Olympic curling team of skip Kim Eun-jung, vice Kim Kyeong-ae, second Kim Seon-yeong and lead Kim Yeong-mi, coached by Peter Gallant of Canada and herself, received celebrity status for their strong performances despite entering the tournament as underdogs. Korea topped the round robin standings with just one loss while defeating heavily favoured Canada and Sweden, and then advanced to the final where they lost to Sweden to claim the silver medal. The next month, the team then played in the 2018 World Women's Curling Championship where they lost in the quarterfinals.
Team Kim accused the coaching staff of their team (excluding Peter Gallant) of holding back prize money and verbally abusing them. This included trying to get Kim Cho-hi kicked off the team so Min-jung could be the teams alternate and have a chance to get a medal (as the coaches of the teams don't) and trying to exclude skip Kim Eun-jung from team practices after they learned she was planning on starting a family. Kim Min-jung was ejected from being the team's coach.
References
External links
Living people
1981 births
People from Daegu
Sportspeople from Daegu
South Korean female curlers
People from Uiseong County
South Korean curling coaches
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sportspeople from North Gyeongsang Province
20th-century South Korean women
21st-century South Korean women
Tommaso D'Attoma (born 15 April 1988 in Brescia) is an Italian footballer. He plays for F.C. AlzanoCene 1909 on loan from A.C. Lumezzane.
Career
D'Attoma started his career at Lumezzane. Despite young in age, he had made numbers of appearances in Serie C1 and Serie C2 for Lumezzane.
External links
gazzetta.it
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Brescia
1988 births
Living people
F.C. Lumezzane V.G.Z. A.S.D. players
Virtus Bergamo Alzano Seriate 1909 players
Urbanormativity is the general view of urban areas as normal and real, and rural areas as abnormal, unreal, or deviant. The term is used in sociology, anthropology, cultural studies, and education to refer to the cultural dominance of urban institutions in complex societies.
In critical rural theory, scholars assume that cities rely on the resources, such as food, fuel, and raw materials, of rural communities in order to exist. The reliance of urban populations on rural resources is referred to as urban dependency. As terms of exchange between urban settlements and rural communities tend to become unequal over time, urbanormativity develops over time as the culture of cities takes on a cultural power that outweighs that of the countryside. This culture serves to justify the continued exploitation of the rural through the promotion of urbanormative stereotypes that deprioritize, sentimentalize, or ignore rural places and people.
In critical rural theory, “urban” refers to the cultural and economic dominance of metropolitan areas as a whole, and not specifically to cities. In this view, suburbs are considered to be politically distinct quarters of metropolitan areas that allow for resources to be retained within the suburb or for the exclusion of residents of other municipalities (such as school segregation) within a metropolitan area. In contrast, residents of rural communities frequently suffer disadvantages in access to healthcare, legal services, and police protection.
References
Urbanormativity
2010s neologisms
Camillo Mac Bica is an American philosopher, poet, activist, and author.
Biography
Bica was born on January 7, 1947 in Brooklyn. He received a BA from Long Island University in 1968, an MA from New York University in 1986, a Master's of Philosophy in 1993 from City University of New York, and a Ph.D. in Philosophy from the City University of New York in 1995. Since 1990, he has served as a professor at the School of Visual Arts (SVA) in New York City where he teaches courses in philosophy, peace studies, and war. In 2003, he was awarded SVA's Distinguished Scholar-Teacher Award.
In 1964 Bica enlisted in the United States Marine Corps Platoon Leader Officer Candidate Program and upon graduation from college in 1968 was commissioned a 2nd Lieutenant. He spent three years on active duty as a Marine Corps Officer, serving 13 months with the 26th Marine Infantry Regiment in Vietnam.
Upon his discharge from active duty, Bica spent many years recovering from his service in Vietnam eventually founding, with a number of other Veterans, and coordinating for six years, the very successful Veterans Self-Help Initiative, AKA The HOOTCH Program, at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Brooklyn. He is a long time member of the Vietnam Veterans Against the War and Coordinator of the Long Island Chapter of Veterans For Peace.
Bica has authored over fifty articles dealing with social policy, the ethics of war, posttraumatic stress disorder, moral injury,<ref>Soul Repair: Recovering from Moral Injury after War, Rita Nakashima Brock, Gabriella Lettini, Beacon Press (November 5, 2013)</ref> and related topics published in the Humanist Magazine, numerous alternative news sites such as Truthout.org, OpEd News, Common Dreams, AlterNet, and numerous philosophical journals. The first installment of Bica's War Legacy Series, Worthy of Gratitude: Why Veterans May Not Want to be Thanked for their Service in War, was published in 2015. The Second book in the series, Beyond PTSD: The Moral Casualties of War, was published in early 2016.
In 2010, Bica testified at the Truth Commission on Conscience in War at the Riverside Church in New York City. He currently serves on the National Advisory Board of the Soul Repair Center, a think tank dedicated to research and public education about recovery from moral injury from war located at Brite Divinity School in Fort Worth, Texas.
Books
2015: Worthy of Gratitude: Why Veterans May Not Want to be Thanked for their Service in War. .
2016: Beyond PTSD: The Moral Casualties of War''.
Articles
Meeting With the Enemy: Vietnam From a Vietnamese Perspective
Don't Thank Me for My Service
Blood On All Our Hands: Don't Thank Me For My Service Redux
When Soldiers Say No To War
Protected Speech?
Inappropriate Art: "Open Casket" and "Portraits of Courage"
Whose "Truth" Matters Most When We Recount the War in Vietnam?
“Thank You for Saving My Son From All the Grief and Pain!”
References
External links
Official Website
Author's Page
Peace Vet Blog
1947 births
Living people
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Vietnam War
Poets from New York (state)
Writers from Brooklyn
Long Island University alumni
New York University alumni
City University of New York alumni
United States Marine Corps officers
American anti–Vietnam War activists
School of Visual Arts faculty
Activists from New York (state)
Theodor Dahlberg (1 May 1884 – 13 February 1963) was a Swedish wrestler. He competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1884 births
1963 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Sweden
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Swedish male sport wrestlers
People from Kungsbacka
Sportspeople from Halland County
"Bacardi Feeling (Summer Dreamin')" is a song by American recording artist Kate Yanai. Initially a Bacardi Rum jingle that she recorded for the European market, it became so popular that Yanai was asked to transform it into a song about "summer love" rather than rum. Arnold McCuller, David Lasley and Valerie Carter served as backing vocalists on the track, which subsequently went to number-one in Austria and Germany.
Track listings
CD maxi single
"Bacardi Feeling (Summer Dreamin')" (Radio Version) – 3:30
"Bacardi Feeling (Summer Dreamin')" (Cocktail Mix) – 5:33
"Bacardi Feeling" (Original) – 3:10
"Bacardi Feeling (Summer Dreamin')" (Instrumental) – 4:21
7" single
"Bacardi Feeling (Summer Dreamin')" (Radio Version) – 3:01
"Bacardi Feeling" (Original) – 2:10
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Cover version
In 2012, the song was re-recorded by American singer Kelly Rowland with German production team Project B., consisting of Marek Pompetzki, Paul NZA, and Cecil Remmler, to promote Bacardi. An accompanying music video was filmed in Barcelona, Spain in June 2012.
Track listing
CD maxi single
"Summer Dreaming 2012" – 3:24
"Summer Dreaming 2012" (TV Mix) – 3:22
"Summer Dreaming 2012" (DJ Sergey Fisun Mix) – 3:13
"Summer Dreaming 2012" (Berlin Heights Retro Mix) – 2:55
"Summer Dreaming 2012" (Extended Mix) – 4:50
Charts
References
1991 singles
2012 singles
Kelly Rowland songs
1991 songs
Warner Records singles
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Incourt, Belgium. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Incourt, Belgium
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Incourt, Belgium
Incourt, Belgium
Eduardo Sainz de la Maza (5 January 1903 – 5 December 1982) was a Spanish composer. Born in Burgos, he was brother of Regino Sainz de la Maza. Composing for the classical guitar, some of his notable works include the suite Platero y yo for guitar, and Campanas del alba. He died in Barcelona.
Selected compositions
Guitar solo
Homenaje a la guitarra (Paris: Éditions Françaises de Musique, 1962)
Campanas del alba (Madrid: Unión Musical Española, 1963)
Platero y yo (Madrid: Unión Musical Española, 1972)
Laberinto. Critical edition by José Manuel González (Valencia: Piles, 2011)
Bibliography
Thomas Schmitt: Eduardo Sáinz de la Maza: Guitarrista – profesor – compositor (Logroño: Ediciones El Gato Murr, 2012).
1903 births
1982 deaths
20th-century composers
20th-century Spanish musicians
20th-century Spanish male musicians
Composers for the classical guitar
Spanish composers
Spanish male composers
People from Burgos
International League of Iberian and Latin American Women (Liga Internacional de Mujeres Ibéricas e Hispanoamericanas) is an international organization of Latin American and Iberian women founded in 1921 by liberal feminists from both regions.
Early on the league was led by Paulina Luisi of Uruguay, while Carmen de Burgos of Madrid served as its first president, and Elena Arizmendi Mejia was the founding vice president. During the 1920s, national chapters emerged. An influential chapter was founded by Georgina Fletcher in Colombia.
The league served as a national alternative to the US-dominated Inter-American Commission of Women (IACW) of the Pan-American Union into the 1930s.
In 1931, The Nicaraguan Feminist League was founded, as an affiliate of the International League, its first President being Doña Angélica Balladares Montealegre de Arguello (b. Chinandega, 1872 - d. San Marcos, 1973), decades later named Woman of the Americas, Nicaraguan Chapter by the Union of American Women
References
Organizations established in 1921
Feminist organizations in South America
Pedamadaka is a neighbourhood in the city of Visakhapatnam, state of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is a suburb of the city.
About
It is on the South side of city in Parawada mandal .
References
Neighbourhoods in Visakhapatnam
Pidgley is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ollie Pidgley (born 1997), British racing driver
Tony Pidgley (1947–2020), English businessman
See also
Pidley
Microspingus is a genus of warbler-like birds in the tanager family Thraupidae. They are found in highland forest in South America.
Taxonomy and species list
A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found that the genus Poospiza was polyphyletic. In the resulting rearrangement to create monophyletic genera the genus Microspingus was resurrected. It had been introduced in 1874 by the Polish zoologist Władysław Taczanowski with the three-striped hemispingus as the type species. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek mikros meaning "small" with spingos meaning "finch".
The genus Microspingus is the sister taxon to a clade containing the black-backed bush tanager in the monospecific genus Urothraupis and the Pardusco in the monospecific genus Nephelornis.
The genus contains eight species:
Buff-throated warbling finch, Microspingus lateralis
Grey-throated warbling finch, Microspingus cabanisi
Rusty-browed warbling finch, Microspingus erythrophrys
Plain-tailed warbling finch, Microspingus alticola
Ringed warbling finch, Microspingus torquatus
Three-striped hemispingus, Microspingus trifasciatus
Black-capped warbling finch, Microspingus melanoleucus
Cinereous warbling finch, Microspingus cinereus
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Władysław Taczanowski
Fred Higgins is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1940s and 1950s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Widnes, as a , i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums. He also appeared for Wigan as a World War II guest player.
Playing career
International honours
Fred Higgins won caps for England while at Widnes in 1945 against Wales, in 1949 against France, in 1950 against Wales (2 matches), and won caps for Great Britain while at Widnes in 1950 against Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand (2 matches), and in 1951 against New Zealand.
County Cup Final appearances
Fred Higgins played right-, i.e. number 12, in Widnes' 7-3 victory over Wigan in the 1945 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1945–46 season at Wilderspool Stadium, Warrington on Saturday 27 October 1945.
Honoured at Widnes
Fred Higgins is a Widnes Hall Of Fame Inductee.
Genealogical information
Fred Higgins is the younger brother of the rugby league footballers Jack Higgins, and Alec Higgins.
References
External links
Statistics at rugby.widnes.tv
Hall Of Fame at rugby.widnes.tv
Statistics at wigan.rlfans.com
1920 births
1995 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Place of birth missing
Rugby league players from Widnes
Rugby league second-rows
Widnes Vikings players
Wigan Warriors wartime guest players
The 2020–21 season is Pallacanestro Trieste's 47th in existence and the club's 4th consecutive season in the top tier Italian basketball.
Kit
Supplier: Adidas / Sponsor: Allianz
Players
Current roster
Depth chart
Squad changes
In
|}
Out
|}
Confirmed
|}
Coach
On loan
Competitions
Supercup
Serie A
References
2021–22 in Italian basketball by club
Michael Bruce Forsyth, Baron Forsyth of Drumlean, PC (born 16 October 1954) is a British financier and Conservative politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Stirling from 1983 to 1997 and served in the cabinet of John Major as Secretary of State for Scotland from 1995 to 1997.
He is Chairman of Secure Trust Bank, and a Director of J&J Denholm and of Denholm Logistics Ltd. He was a director and Chairman of Hyperion Insurance Group until its merger with RKH Group in 2015. A former Deputy Chairman of JPMorgan UK and Evercore Partners International, he was knighted in 1997 and appointed to the House of Lords in 1999. He is a member of the Privy Council and served on the Development Boards of the Royal Society and the National Portrait Gallery. He is also a past President of the Royal Highland and Agricultural Society of Scotland.
He was appointed for a second term to the House of Lords' Economic Affairs Committee in 2015, and as its chairman following the election in 2017. He was elected as Chairman of the Association of Conservative Peers in September 2021 (the House of Lords' equivalent to the House of Commons' 1922 Committee). He is President of the Steamboat Association of Great Britain.
Early life
Forsyth was born in Montrose, Angus, the eldest son of John T. and Mary Forsyth. He was educated at Arbroath High School and the University of St Andrews (1972–76). He was President of the Conservative Association at St Andrews University from 1973 to 1976. At St Andrews Forsyth developed a passion for debating, history, science and campaigning.
Parliamentary career
After leaving university Forsyth was first elected to Westminster City Council from 1978 to 1983. He was then elected at the 1983 General Election as the MP for the Stirling constituency. His first job in government was as Parliamentary Private Secretary to the then Foreign Secretary Geoffrey Howe from 1986 to 1987. In 1987 he was appointed to the Scottish Office, first as an Under-Secretary of State (1987–90), then as Minister of State (1990–92) with responsibility over health, education, social work and sport. He was also the chair of the Scottish Conservative Party from 1989 to 1990. In 1996 he was named Parliamentarian of the Year.
He was appointed Minister of State at the Department of Employment (1992–94), then the Home Office (1994–95), he became a member of John Major's cabinet in 1995 as Secretary of State for Scotland. In 1996, as Scottish Secretary, Forsyth was credited with transferring the Stone of Scone, also known as the Stone of Destiny, from Westminster Abbey to (ultimately) Edinburgh Castle. He also established the University of the Highlands, crofters' rights to buy their land, promoted the Gaelic language and commissioned the restoration of the Great Hall at Stirling Castle.
Forsyth was re-elected in 1987 and 1992 with small majorities of less than a thousand, but lost his seat in 1997 United Kingdom general election.
Politics in Scotland
Forsyth campaigned against the Scottish Parliament having the power to vary the basic rate of income tax by up to three pence in the pound, which he dubbed the "Tartan Tax". Forsyth's persistence was widely credited with prompting the Labour Party's unexpected decision – bitterly criticised by the Liberal Democrats and the Scottish National Party – to separate out the tax-varying issue in a two-question referendum on devolution.
In 2009–10 he was a member of the Sanderson Commission that reported on Conservative Party organisation, and in 2010–11 a member of the independent Philips inquiry into the 1994 Scotland RAF Chinook crash on the Mull of Kintyre, established by the Secretary of State for Defence.
In 2011, Forsyth criticised the plans of Conservative MSP Murdo Fraser to disband the Scottish Conservatives and establish a wholly new centre-right party, should he win the forthcoming leadership election. Forsyth later declared his backing for a rival candidate, Ruth Davidson.
House of Lords
Forsyth was nominated to the Privy Council in 1995, was knighted in 1997 and was raised to the peerage as Baron Forsyth of Drumlean, of Drumlean in Stirling (Drumlean is a small area near Aberfoyle in the district of Stirling) on 14 July 1999. Following his elevation to the Lords, he has held a number of positions. He was a member of the Commission on Strengthening Parliament (1999–2000), the Select Committee on the Monetary Policy Committee of the Bank of England, the Joint Committee of both Houses of Parliament on Reform of the House of Lords, and the Select Committee on the Barnett Formula. From October 2005 to October 2006, he was Chairman of the Conservative Party's Tax Reform Commission, established by then Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne MP. He served as a member of the House of Lords select committee on Economic Affairs from 2007 to 2011. He has also been a member of the joint committee on National Security Strategy and a member of the special select committee on soft power. He was appointed for a second term to the House of Lords' Economic Affairs Committee in 2015 and as its chairman following the election in 2017. In 2021 he was elected as Chairman of the Association of Conservative Peers.
Business career
After leaving the House of Commons Forsyth has undertaken posts in the City of London. He joined Flemings as a director of Corporate Finance and, following the bank's sale to JPMorgan Chase he became vice-chairman Investment Banking Europe at JPMorgan (1999–2001) and then Deputy Chairman of JPMorgan (2002–05). He joined Evercore Partners International LLP, an investment bank, in 2005 – leaving his post as deputy chairman in March 2012. He was a director of NBNK Investments PLC, and a director and Chairman of Hyperion Insurance Group until its merger with RKH Group in 2015. He is currently Chairman of Secure Trust Bank, and a Director of J&J Denholm Ltd and of Denholm Logistics Ltd.
Philanthropy and personal life
Forsyth married Susan Clough in Cumbria in 1977 and they have three grown-up children. He is the founder of the Pimlico Tree and Preservation Trust, now the Westminster Tree Trust. In 2010 he climbed the highest mountain in Antarctica, Mount Vinson, in support of CINI and Marie Curie Cancer Care, having previously climbed Mount Aconcagua and Mount Kilimanjaro, the highest mountains in the Americas and Africa respectively. His charity fund-raising achievements are substantial and include £220,000 for DebRA for climbing Mount Kilimanjaro, £420,000 for CINI and Marie Curie Cancer Care for climbing Mount Vinson, and £500,000 to support the families of victims of 9/11 through organising a dinner in the City of London.
Bibliography
Reservicing Britain (London: Adam Smith Institute, 1980)
The Myths of Privatisation (London: Adam Smith Institute, 1983)
Arms
References
Bibliography
Torrance, David, The Scottish Secretaries (Birlinn 2006)
External links
Tax Reform Commission
Economic Affairs Committee reports published as Chair:
Employment and COVID-19: time for a new deal (2020)
Universal Credit isn't working: proposals for reform (2020)
Social care funding: time to end a national scandal (2019)
Measuring inflation (2019)
Treating Students Fairly: The Economics of Post-School Education(2018)
Brexit and the Labour Market (2017)
Finance Bill Sub-Committee reports published as Chair:
Off-payroll working: treating people fairly (2020)
The Powers of HMRC: Treating Taxpayers Fairly (2018)
Making Tax Digital for VAT: Treating Small Businesses Fairly (2018)
|-
1954 births
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Secretaries of State for Scotland
Scottish Conservative Party MPs
Conservative Party (UK) life peers
Councillors in the City of Westminster
Living people
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
People from Montrose, Angus
Scottish public relations people
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
Scottish bankers
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Stirling constituencies
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Sir John Barnewall (c.1635-c.1705) was an Irish landowner, barrister and judge, who held several judicial offices, including that of Recorder of Dublin 1687-9.
Background
He was born in County Meath, a member of the Crickstown branch of the prominent Barnewall family, which held the title Baron Trimlestown. His grandfather, Sir Patrick Barnewall, was the first of the Barnewall Baronets. John was the second son of Sir Richard Barnewall, 2nd Baronet, and Julia, daughter of Sir Gerald Aylmer, 1st Baronet of Donadea, County Kildare and his wife Julia (or Juliana) Nugent, daughter of Christopher Nugent, 6th Baron Delvin.
Career
He entered the Inner Temple in 1673 and the King's Inns in 1678. His practice as a barrister seems to have been lucrative: while his father had suffered heavy losses during the English Civil War, and only recovered a fraction of his estates at the Restoration, John was wealthy enough to purchase Ballybrittan Castle, near Edenderry, County Offaly.
Since the Barnewall family were staunch Roman Catholics, John was an acceptable choice of judge to the Catholic King James II. In 1687 he was knighted, and became Third Serjeant and Recorder of Dublin. In 1689 he became a Baron of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland). After the downfall of James's cause at the Battle of the Boyne, John was removed from office, but his wealth and family connections apparently protected him from any other reprisals by the new regime, which was inclined to be conciliatory towards those of its former opponents who promised to keep the peace.
Family and descendants
He married Thomasine Preston, daughter of Anthony Preston, 2nd Viscount Tara and his wife and cousin Margaret Warren. Their only daughter and heiress Mary (or Margaret) married, in 1703, her cousin John Barnewall, 11th Baron Trimlestown. Lord Trimlestown died in 1746, and Mary died at a great age in 1771. They had ten children, including
Robert Barnewall, 12th Baron Trimlestown (c.1704-1779)
Anthony Barnewall (1721-1739), an army officer, who was said to be a young man of "great promise". He entered the Austrian service, and was killed, aged only eighteen, at the Battle of Grocka, a decisive victory for the Ottoman Sultan, who seized Belgrade
Richard, father of Nicholas, 14th Baron Trimlestown
Margaret, who married James Butler, 8th Viscount Mountgarret
Thomasine, who married Janico Preston, 10th Viscount Gormanston
Bridget, who married Robert Martyn of Ballynahinch Castle
References
.
1630s births
1700s deaths
17th-century Irish lawyers
18th-century Irish lawyers
People from County Meath
Members of the Inner Temple
Recorders of Dublin
Serjeants-at-law (Ireland)
Commonwealth Day is an annual commemoration of the Commonwealth of Nations.
Commonwealth Day may also refer to:
Commonwealth Day, a public holiday in Puerto Rico on 25 July
Commonwealth Day, Northern Mariana Islands' national day on 8 January
Appius Claudius Pulcher (c. 129 BC – 76 BC) was a Roman noble, general and politician of the 1st century BC. He was the father of a number of renowned Romans, most notable: the infamous Clodius and Clodia.
Biography
There is uncertainty about who his father was. It was most probably the Appius Claudius Pulcher who was consul in 143 BC. He was a supporter of Lucius Cornelius Sulla and served as praetor in 88 BC. He was exiled in that year by Gaius Marius while Sulla was away in the east. He returned to Rome after Lucius Cornelius Cinna died in 84 BC, and served as consul in 79 BC and as governor of Roman Macedonia from 78 BC to 76 BC.
Family
Appius Claudius Pulcher was likely married to a Caecilia Metella (a daughter of Balearicus), although this is not universally agreed upon, T. P. Wiseman believes that his wife was a Servilia Caepione (it is known that there was a Servilia around this time that was the wife of a Pulcher, but it is not known who either of them were). Jeffrey Tatum thinks that there is too little information to be sure either way.
He had six known children:
Appius Claudius Pulcher (consul of 54 BC)
Gaius Claudius Pulcher
Publius Claudius Pulcher, who changed his name to Clodius
Claudia Tertia, who married Quintus Marcius Rex
Claudia (also known as Clodia), the wife of Quintus Caecilius Metellus Celer
Claudia (c. 90 BC – aft. 66 BC), first wife of Lucius Licinius Lucullus, whom she divorced in 66 BC
T. P. Wiseman also speculated that Clodia the wife of Aulus Ofilius may have been one of his daughters.
See also
List of Roman consuls
References
Sources
Christian Settipani. Continuité gentilice et continuité sénatoriale dans les familles sénatoriales romaines à l'époque impériale, 2000, p 62.
120s BC births
Year of birth uncertain
76 BC deaths
Roman Republican praetors
Senators of the Roman Republic
Appius (consul 675 AUC)
2nd-century BC Romans
1st-century BC Roman consuls
Roman governors of Macedonia
Optimates
Paul Grant Rogers (June 4, 1921 – October 13, 2008) was an American lawyer and politician from the U.S. state of Florida. A Democrat, Rogers served in the U.S. House of Representatives as the member from Florida's 11th congressional district. He was chairman of Research America from 1996 to 2005.
Biography
Early life and education
Rogers was born in Ocilla, Georgia, on June 4, 1921. He attended the University of Florida, where he was President of Florida Blue Key and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1942. After graduating he joined the U.S. Army, serving in World War II from 1942 to 1946 during which he rose to the rank of Major and received a Bronze Star Medal. Rogers attended The George Washington University Law School but did not graduate there, receiving his law degree instead at the University of Florida College of Law in 1948. Rogers worked as a lawyer in private practice and was a member of the board of directors for Merck & Co. and Mutual Life Insurance Co. of New York.
Political career
He was elected as a Democrat to the 84th Congress in a special election to fill the vacancy caused by the death of his father, Dwight L. Rogers. Rogers served for and was reelected to the eleven succeeding congresses, for 24 years from January 11, 1955, to January 3, 1979. He chose not to run for reelection to the 96th Congress. While a member of the House, Rogers served as chair of the Subcommittee on Health and the Environment from 1971 to 1979. Nicknamed "Mr. Health," he was a key representative behind the adoption of the National Cancer Act of 1971, the Medical Device Amendments of 1976, the Health Maintenance Organization Act, the Emergency Medical Service Act, the Medicare-Medicaid Anti-Fraud and Abuse Amendments of 1977 and the Clean Air Act of 1970.
He was a signatory to the 1956 Southern Manifesto that opposed the desegregation of public schools ordered by the Supreme Court in Brown v. Board of Education. Rogers voted against the Civil Rights Acts of 1957, 1960, 1964, and 1968, but voted in favor of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Later career
Rogers was a resident of West Palm Beach, Florida and a partner in the Washington, D.C. office of Hogan & Hartson. He was also active in the National Osteoporosis Foundation, Friends of the National Library of Medicine, and the National Leadership Coalition on Health Care (now the National Coalition on Health Care).
Mark Foley has said that a meeting with Rogers when Foley was three years old inspired him to go into politics. After suffering from lung cancer and undergoing an operation, Rogers died of the disease in Washington D.C. on October 13, 2008, at a rehabilitation hospital.
Awards and honors
Public Welfare Medal from the National Academy of Sciences (1982).
National Health Lawyers Association Health Policy Award (1991)
Albert Lasker Public Service Award (1993)
American Pharmaceutical Association Hugo H, Schaefer Award (1994)
AlliedSignal Achievement Award in Aging (1994)
Distinguished Leadership Award from the University of Florida Health Sciences Center (1994)
National Osteoporosis Foundation Leadership Award (1995)
Maxwell Finland Award for Scientific Achievement (1996)
National Cancer Institute "Year 2000" Award
Edwin C. Whitehead Award for Medical Research Advocacy from Research!America. (2005)
In June 2001, by an act of Congress, the main plaza at the National Institutes of Health was named in his honor. Recently, Research!America established the Paul G. Rogers Society for Global Health Research, which honors Roger' dedication to the health care policy and advocacy.
References
External links
Rogers's Biographical Directory of the United States Congress entry
Friends of the National Library of Medicine where Paul G. Rogers is Chairman of the Board of Directors
1921 births
2008 deaths
People from Ocilla, Georgia
Methodists from Florida
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Deaths from cancer in Washington, D.C.
Deaths from lung cancer
People from West Palm Beach, Florida
University of Florida alumni
United States Army officers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Florida
George Washington University Law School alumni
20th-century American politicians
Fredric G. Levin College of Law alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
Stilboma smaragdus is a species of beetle in the stilboma genus.
References
Lebiinae
Beetles described in 1933
The Window on the World idents were a set of idents used by BBC Two from 18 February 2007 until late 2014. They were created by Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO and produced by Red Bee Media. The idents featured a number 2 cut out of, or made out of parts of the everyday environment.
Conception
By 2007 BBC Two needed a thorough rebranding as the previous idents were starting to lose their purpose. A new set of idents was therefore commissioned by advertising agency Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO, and was produced by Red Bee Media, who made the then current idents for BBC One. The new design needed to work, both on television, but also online, as a website and as live streaming feed. The two companies collaborated in all aspects of the process and both contributed people to the process. Paul Brazier, Creative director at AMV and Andy Bryant, Director of Creative at Red Bee Media both were involved in the project, as were Rob Oliver (Art Director, AMV), Chris Bardsley (Writer, AMV), John Golley (Producer, RBM), Joanna Bailey, Michael Geoghegan, Marky, Ian Cross and Stuart Hilton (directors FAQ at Picasso Pictures). On screen presentation was by Paul Mitchell (Chief Designer, RBM) and produced by Lisa Rathband (RBM) with music by Vince Pope from Beetroot and animation was by Picasso Pictures.
The 2007 design had to compare well with its predecessors, and still had to represent BBC Two's programming character and to be an effective promotion of the channel.
The new idents featured a numeral '2' that was slightly different from that used by the channel since 2001, despite assurances by James Pestell that the distinctive '2' would stay. The difference is seen as negligible by some, and absolute sacrilege by others.
Components of look
The idents all featured a numeral 2, with a view or scape behind it, as viewers looked through the 2. The new look also featured a new design of BBC Two logos. The previously purple box has now been turned a deep shade of aqua, very similar to the viridian used by the 1991 idents. The text has also been changed, with the 'TWO' font being changed to Avenir, from Gill Sans previously. This box was placed to the left of the 2 numeral, opposite to where it was in the previous look, and faded in at the end of the ident. Once again, no clock accompanied the look, and appears to have been abandoned by the BBC. Promotions began with clips of the programme, before the clips were encompassed inside a 2, as it moved back to the endslide, featuring programme name and BBC Two box logo on the left with a full size 2 on the right through which the clips can still be seen. This theme also existed with the breakdown slide, with clips being used from the Seascape ident. Programme stills also still existed, despite being restricted to the schools programming on early mornings, and featured an enlarged middle section of '2' with the top and bottom not visible, off screen, with the programme picture in this large 2 shape.
Refresh
The Window on the World idents have had three branding refreshes: October 2008, June 2009 and March 2013.
October 2008
The October 2008 refresh was not openly marketed and was unnoticed, except for those eagle-eyed few. The refresh would have seen a number of the idents dropped, and the BBC Two logos dropped in favour of the BBC logo in the bottom right corner of the 2. The look was launched on 1 October 2008, and was only seen twice: Sunroof at 6am that day, and Seascape later that evening prior to night time programming at 12.50 on 2 October 2008. This new refresh was stopped for internal reasons, and the BBC has never explained this.
June 2009
The June refresh was by far more successful than the last. This refresh resulted in a number of the idents being dropped and a new style for continuity adopted. The new promotion style involved the endboard design being changed to a large 2, tilted at an angle and filling the left half of the screen with programme information and BBC Two logos on the right of the screen. The most striking thing about these endboards was the bright colour palette used. The end boards could be any colour of the spectrum, however are generally bright fluorescent colours with some programming featuring dark grey endboards. Now and next boards also featured the new style, but using mainly, the same blue as the box logo, and featuring videos from the idents in the slanted 2. This colour was also the main colour used by nations and regions. The breakdown slide was also modified (albeit with apparent haste) to the new style and programme slides were also transferred with both featuring the deep blue of the logo as the only variant.
The idents themselves were also changed, with some dropped (namely ones where the '2' did not stay intact and full on screen), and the remaining idents altered so that the BBC Two logos was transferred to the right of the 2, and was present at the beginning of the ident, but faded out before the end.
March 2013
A second refresh took place to coincide with the launch of BBC Two HD, replacing the BBC HD channel. All idents were updated with new soundtracks, with some even having two or three different versions. Three of the idents (Mirror, Seascape and Tent) feature songs from alt-J. Many also lost the sound effects which went along with them. The "Window on the World" idents were phased out during late 2014 following the return of the 1990s idents in July that year.
Idents
Regular
Special
As well as this set of idents, some special ones were made for Christmas and for other programmes. The Christmas idents are below:
Christmas 2007 - A magic sprite and a paper origami theme here. A blue sprite runs around white and light brown papers depicting trees, animals and other festive creatures. There were two variations, both on the same theme, these aired for the last time for Christmas 2010.
Christmas 2008 - The ident from the previous year was used.
Christmas 2009 - The ident from the previous year was used, albeit with the logo on the right.
Christmas 2010 - The ident from the previous year was used.
Christmas 2011 - A new ident debuted, in four variations: Snowman, Inventor Lady, Moon/Sun and Turkey For example, in Moon/Sun a model moon appears with a sun emerging from it. In all versions, the camera moves down, revealing a village which, as the camera pans out reveals the village being a giant (if slightly deformed) 2. The logo appears at the end in a white box. There were four variations based on this theme which were used initially until Christmas 2014 before returning for Christmas 2017.
Christmas 2012 - The idents from the previous year were used.
Christmas 2013 - The idents from 2011 were used, like the previous year.
Christmas 2014 - The idents from the previous year was used despite the main package having been phased out earlier that year.
Christmas 2015 - The ident from the previous year was used, albeit with the soundtrack replaced by carolers singing the word "two" over and over again to the tune of "Carol of the Bells". Only one variant, Turkey, was used. The 2000, 2001 and 2002 idents were also used, again with the soundtrack replaced by carolers singing "two" to "Jingle Bells", "Ding Dong Merrily on High" and "Deck the Halls" respectively.
Christmas 2016 - The idents from the previous year were used, albeit with new soundtracks of soundalikes singing various carols, this time with words intact.
Christmas 2017 - The idents from Christmas 2011 were used, albeit with the soundtrack heard the previous year.
Some specific programme idents are shown below, some of which didn't have the logo in them:
Heroes - A 2 with backlighting similar to the eclipse in the show.
The Restaurant - A white porcelain 2 on a sideboard which has food thrown at it.
Thursdays Are Funny - A comedy strand involving a 2 made up of white and orange lines on a black background. There are a number of variants on the same theme.
Electric Proms 2007 - Much neon style lines at the bottom of the screen that bend to form a 2.
Electric Proms 2008 - A 2 made out of bent neon style lines.
Torchwood - The ident begins with Zoetrope or Tent Arctic, but while it pans out, the screen loses signal, which is replaced with the Torchwood logo and scenes from the series.
White Season - A black screen with white writing, scratches and other marks, pans out to form a 2.
Back to Nature - A 2 cut out of a log of wood is seen in a number of different scenes including a river, clearing and waterfall.
Titanic - A man can be seen working on the Titanic, as the camera zooms out through a 2-shaped hole. This ident was only used in Northern Ireland and was used mostly for rugby matches. This ident was retired on 13 November 2014 due to the resurrection of the 1990s idents. The ident reused music from Copper Cutout ident from the 1990s, with the end of the ident being a nod to the aforementioned ident.
Winter Olympics 2014 - Similar to the Tents idents, this one opens up to a wintry background through the 2-shaped opening. First aired on 6 February 2014 just before the live coverage of the Opening ceremony and last aired just before the closing ceremony.
50 Years - A set of idents to commemorate the 50th birthday of BBC Two. In Cake, the 2 scrapes bits off a birthday cake off, and in Memories, to 'Spring' from Vivaldi's The Four Seasons, the 2, via a sneeze, blows a selection of photos from various shows throughout the channel's history off the wall. Other idents show the 2 singing (actually a rubber duck's squeak) It Takes Two and I Will Survive. Various 2s from previous idents (the English 2 teapot, the Predator 2, the porcelain homes 2 and the Armstrongs 2, as well as a leafy 2 possibly referencing the Garden ident) also appear. The channel logo presents itself as a 3D cube, one side having "50 YEARS" written on it. Various idents from the 1991–2001 set are also shown, updated to include the special cube logo.
Criticisms
There have been a few criticisms of the look. The tagging idents have been some of the most controversial in the channel's history. The juddery camera work and shoddy appearance made it appear as though it was shot on a camcorder and done by an amateur. These idents were all dropped, except Football that remained in use until the 2013 refresh.
Another controversial issue is that of the 2009 redesigned endboards. Their basic design itself is not criticised, but the main cause of concern is the highly colourful appearance. The colours are highly fluorescent with few programmes using darker colours. The light colours are widely used, regardless of programme, which means promotions for Newsnight may be in bright yellow. This lack of concern for colour has caused outrage at the inappropriate nature of some of the colours.
See also
BBC Two 'Personality' idents
BBC One 'Circle' idents
History of BBC television idents
References
External links
TVARK BBC Two 2007 Idents
TVARK BBC Two 2007 Continuity
TV Live BBC Two 2007-2009
TV Live BBC Two 2009-present
BBC Two
BBC Idents
Television presentation in the United Kingdom
Inter-Asia Cultural Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal with the aim of enhancing the communication and exchange between inter-Asia and other regions of the cultural studies world. It was established in 2000 and is published by Routledge. The editors-in-chief are Chen Kuan-Hsing and Chua Beng Huat.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 0.195.
References
External links
Taylor & Francis academic journals
English-language journals
Cultural journals
Publications established in 2000
Quarterly journals
Artur Szpilka (; born 12 April 1989) is a Polish professional boxer and mixed martial artist. He has challenged once for the WBC heavyweight title in 2016. He holds a notable win over former two-weight world champion Tomasz Adamek.
Professional career
On 30 June 2012, Szpilka fought Jameel McCline in Lodz, Poland, which he won by unanimous decision (UD). Szpilka's winning secured the fight with Mike Mollo in 2013, the winning by knock out resulted in consequent revenge. Both bouts Szpilka won by an early knock out, despite that in bout he was knocked down and counted. The first fight was over in the sixth round, the second in the fifth, Mollo became grounded unable to rise.
On 25 January 2014 Szpilka was defeated by Bryant Jennings. Jennings initially was to face Mariusz Wach, however Wach pulled out of the fight and Szpilka stepped in as he called out Jennings on Twitter and the fight was arranged shortly afterwards. The fight took place on 25 January 2014 in Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York. Szpilka lost the fight by referee stoppage in the final round. Later that year, on 8 November 2014, Szpilka scored his most significant win following a ten-round UD over former light-heavyweight and cruiserweight world champion Tomasz Adamek.
On 16 January 2016 he fought for the WBC heavyweight title against defending champion Deontay Wilder. Szpilka proved an awkward opponent for Wilder with his elusive style, making the champion miss on many occasions. Unfortunately for Szpilka, while advancing closer to Wilder in round nine, he was caught by a hard right hook on the chin which knocked him out cold. He remained on the canvas for several minutes and needed to be stretchered out of the ring.
About a year and a half after the Wilder fight, Szpilka made his comeback in New York against compatriot Adam Kownacki. Kownacki was in control for most of the fight, dropping Szpilka and subsequently getting a TKO victory in the fourth round. His next fight was another all-Polish main event, this time against former heavyweight world title challenger Mariusz Wach. Szpilka was visibly smaller and was hit flush several times, and at times the fight seemed like it was going to be stopped. However, in the end he succeeded in edging out Wach by a tiny margin and won by split decision.
On 20 July 2019, Szpilka fought former world title challenger Derek Chisora. In what was expected to be an action-packed and entertaining fight, Chisora managed to make easy work out of the Pole and knocked him out in the second round. In 2020 Szpilka moved down to cruiserweight and won his first fight against Serhiy Radchenko by way of majority decision.
Professional boxing record
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Win
|align=center|1–0
|Serhiy Radchenko
|TKO (submission to elbow)
|KSW 71: Ziółkowski vs. Rajewski
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:52
|Toruń, Poland
|
|-
Pay-per-view bouts
Filmography
References
External links
Artur Szpilka article at sport.pl
Artur Szpilka – Profile, News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
1989 births
Living people
People from Wieliczka
Sportspeople from Lesser Poland Voivodeship
Polish male boxers
Heavyweight boxers
Polish male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Bridgerweight boxers
Navaneetam (pronounced navanītam, meaning the eternal new one) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 40th Melakarta rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Navaneetham is a Sanskrit word meaning fresh butter. 'Nava' meaning fresh (new) and 'neetham' meaning butter.
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 4th rāgam in the 7th chakra Rishi. The mnemonic name is Rishi-Bhu. The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dhi ni. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
:
:
(this scale uses the notes shuddha rishabham, shuddha gandharam, prati madhyamam, chatushruti dhaivatam, kaisiki nishadam)
As it is a melakarta rāgam, by definition it is a sampūrṇa rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Vanaspati, which is the 4th melakarta rāgam.
Janya rāgams
Navanītam does not yet have a janya rāgam (derived scale) associated with it. See List of janya rāgams for full list of janya scales.
Compositions
A few compositions set to Navaneetam scale are:
Umāpati pāhi by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna in Telugu
Lēmidelpa peddavāru by Thyagaraja in Telugu
Sami ide nalla samayam by Koteeswara Iyer
Himātmajē Santatam Pāhimām by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna in Sanskrit
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Navaneetam's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields no other melakarta rāgam, like all 6 rāgams in the Rishi chakra (Salagam, Jalarnavam, Jhalavarali, Pavani and Raghupriya being the other 5). Only these rāgams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in their scale, between G1 to M2. Such a gap does not occur in any other melakarta by definition. Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam.
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
Chiswick School is an English secondary school with academy status in Chiswick, West London. It educates more than 1,200 pupils, aged 11 to 18 years. This number includes 200 pupils studying at the upper school sixth form within the school grounds.
Admissions
The school has a wide catchment, encompassing its native borough of Hounslow, but also areas including Kensington and Chelsea, Richmond, and Hammersmith and Fulham. As of 2004, the school's intake was almost 60 percent male, explained by the number of girls' schools nearby. A majority of the school's students are of minority ethnic backgrounds, and a significantly greater proportion than the national average speak English as a second language. The percentage of disadvantaged students receiving help from the pupil premium is also above average.
History
Chiswick County School for Girls opened in 1916 in Burlington Lane, and Chiswick County School for Boys opened in 1926 beside the girls' school. Rory K. Hands was appointed head of the boys school in 1963, and in 1966, he oversaw a merger of the two institutions, to form the co-educational Chiswick County Grammar School. Shortly thereafter, the Borough proposed that Hands' grammar school should be merged with two nearby secondary modern schools to form a comprehensive school, following Circular 10/65. This amalgamation created Chiswick Comprehensive School, which opened in 1968. The new school operated across two sites, with the lower school (for ages 11 to 14) occupying what had been the secondary modern school's buildings at Staveley Road, and the upper school operating on the old grammar school site at Burlington Lane.
In 1973, some of the buildings at Staveley Road had to be closed as they were made of brittle high alumina cement. The school was forced to operate with a "village of huts"; Hands maintained school morale with a production of The Gondoliers by Gilbert and Sullivan. He retired the headship in 1975 after suffering a series of heart attacks. Dame Helen Metcalf was the school's headteacher from 1988 to 2001, providing strong and emotionally intelligent leadership. Sometime after 1978 the school was renamed Chiswick Community School; the name reverted to Chiswick School when it became an academy on 1 March 2012. Today, the North Eastern block from the original girls' school still remains.
Notable former pupils
John Stuart Archer – vice-chancellor of Heriot-Watt University, president of the Institution of Chemical Engineers
Henry Badowski - musician
Carlton Cole – footballer
Phil Collins – singer, songwriter and world-renowned drummer, member of rock band Genesis
Phoebe Fox – actor
John Neville – actor
Nana Ofori-Twumasi – footballer
Natalie Sawyer – TV presenter
Kyle Simmons – keyboard player for Bastille
Allegra Stratton – journalist, political aide
Don Taylor – director and playwright
Brian Tesler – chairman of London Weekend Television
References
External links
Official site
National Archives: minutes of the School Board 1872-1903
Visit Gallery
Academies in the London Borough of Hounslow
Educational institutions established in 1968
Secondary schools in the London Borough of Hounslow
1968 establishments in England
Chiswick
Buildings and structures in Chiswick
Radeon 5000 series may refer to two different series of graphics processing units (GPUs) developed by Advanced Micro Devices:
Radeon RX 5000 series, released in 2019
Radeon HD 5000 series, released in 2009 under the ATI brand name
Kathleen Tankersley Young (August 15, 1902–April 9, 1933) was an American writer, poet, and editor active in publishing during the late 1920s and early 1930s. Although her work has received relatively little attention from scholars and publishers since her death, she published her poetry widely in the poetry magazines of her day and corresponded with a wide circle of literary friends, acquaintances, and collaborators. The literary scholar Eric White has written of Young: "Almost forgotten by literary history, Kathleen Tankersley Young's name appears like a cipher through little magazines of the late 1920s and early 1930s, and in anthologies of Harlem Renaissance and American women's poetry." In 2022 a volume consisting of the bulk of her works was published, entitled The Collected Works of Kathleen Tankersley Young.
Life
Kathleen Tankersley Young was born in Texas on August 15, 1902.
She married Henry Coulter Young on February 1, 1921. This first marriage ended when Henry Coulter Young died of tuberculosis in February, 1925. Kathleen Tankersley Young later married Air Force Lieutenant David Jerome Ellinger in 1929.
In 1929, Young served as an editor for Blues: A Magazine of New Rhythms along with her co-editors Charles Henri Ford and Parker Tyler. While only lasting a year, it published work by such contributors as Kay Boyle, Erskine Caldwell, Harry Crosby, E. E. Cummings, Oliver Jenkins, Ezra Pound, Laura Riding, Herman Spector, Gertrude Stein, Laurence Vail, William Carlos Williams, and Louis Zukofsky. The magazine was not financially sustainable, and was mostly funded by Lew Ney. There were only ten issues published. The first six magazines came out monthly while the last three were quarterly and final 10th issue sixty years later. With both a liberal and radical aesthetic orientation, Blues mainly published poems, short stories, other prose, and occasionally literary criticism.
When Blues ended, Young created Modern Editions Press, a new journal under her own imprint and published by Eric Naul. Two pamphlet series were published in 1932 and 1933. These included poems, short stories, and a statement by contributors Dudley Fitts, John Kemmerer, Kay Boyle, Kathleen Tankersley Young herself, Raymond Ellsworth Larsson and Albert Halper. Each piece of work was paired with an original print by a contemporary American artist. The second series comprised eight pamphlets with works by Lincoln Kirstein, Horace Gregory, Raymond Ellsworth Larsson, Kathleen Tankersley Young, Paul Bowles, Laurence Vail, Carl Rakosi, and Bob Brown.
Young visited Mexico in 1933, and died there unexpectedly. After her death the Modern Press Editions came to an end.
Works
Ten Poems. New York, NY: Parnassus Press, 1930.
The Dark Land: Poems. Ithaca, NY: The Dragon Press, 1932.
The Pepper Trees: A Cycle of Three Stories. New York, NY: Modern Editions Press, 1932.
Apology for Love (three-page poem in pamphlet form). New York, NY: Modern Editions Press, 1933.
Posthumous Publications
"Selected Letters." Ed. Lew Ney and Ruth Widen. The Latin Quarter-ly, issue 1. September, 1933.
“All Things Insensible” (poem). Writing Red: An Anthology of American Women Writers, 1930-1940. Ed. Charlotte Nekola & Paula Rabinowitz. New York: Feminist Press at the City University of New York, 1987.
“December portrait”, “Hunger” (two poems). Shadowed Dreams: Women's Poetry of the Harlem Renaissance. Ed. Maureen Honey. New Brunswick: Rutgers University Press, 1989.
"I am troubled at night", "In November the cold waterbirds", "Lily-poem", "San Cristobal", "There was a wall about him", "The days fall off like little leaves", "This hard mirror is a record", "Sheaf of images". Poems edited by Erik La Prade appearing in the article "Kathleen Tankersley Young". TETHER, Issue 3. Milton, PA: Sienese Shredder Editions, 2017. Pp 7-16.
The Collected Works. Edited by Erik La Prade and Joshua Rothes. Seattle: Sublunary Editions, 2022.
References
External links
Article by Michelle A. Taylor on Kathleen Tankersley Young's life and work at Poetry Foundation
Kathleen Tankersley Young Correspondence from Princeton University Library Special Collections Manuscripts Division
1903 births
Harlem Renaissance
American magazine editors
American women poets
1933 deaths
20th-century American poets
20th-century American women writers
American women non-fiction writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Women magazine editors
The Devils Lake Daily Journal is an American English language daily newspaper printed in Devils Lake, North Dakota. It is owned by Gannett. The Journal is the official newspaper of Ramsey County, North Dakota, and has a modest circulation in northeast North Dakota. The paper also covers local school sports and items of news for Bensen and Nelson Counties, expanding their coverage zones in recent years, while also being the local coverage source for the Spirit Lake Indian Reservation.
Devils Lake Daily Journal publishes in print three times a week on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. It has a strong digital presentation, publishing news on their website seven days a week with a digital viewership reaching over 200,000 viewers. In 2021, the paper redesigned the look of the paper after several decades of following a previous format. The three day printed one section paper usually consists of local and state news pages, an opinion page, a faith page and a sports page. The paper also publishes a weekly shopper known as "The Country Peddler" and periodical special multi section editions.
In September 2021, after more than 100 years, the Journal closed its printing room and transferred all printing to Bismarck, North Dakota. While printing transferred to Bismarck, the local office in Devils Lake remains open, housing the editorial and sales staff.
Leadership
Devils Lake Daily Journal is owned and managed by the Gannett Media Corporation.
Building
The Devils Lake Journal is housed in the historic downtown area of Devils Lake, close to the county courthouse. The building, which housed a former telephone company, has served as the main offices for the paper for over 30 years. Devils Lake Journal's original location is located three blocks east of the current location.
References
External links
Devils Lake Journal website
Newspapers published in North Dakota
Ramsey County, North Dakota
Publications established in 1906
Gannett publications
1906 establishments in North Dakota
Maccu, (also known as maccu di fave, and sometimes referred to as macco), is a Sicilian soup and also a foodstuff that is prepared with dried and crushed fava beans (also known as broad beans) and fennel as primary ingredients. Several dishes exist using maccu as a foodstuff, such as Bruschetta al maccú and Maccu di San Giuseppe, the latter of which may be served on Saint Joseph's Day in Sicily.
History
Maccu is a peasant food and staple food that dates back to ancient history. The Roman people may have invented or introduced the foodstuff, which was created from crushed fava beans. Although maccu's availability in contemporary times in Sicily is generally rare, it is still occasionally served in restaurants there.
Ingredients and preparation
Primary ingredients include fava beans, fennel seeds and sprigs, olive oil, salt and pepper. Additional ingredients may include tomato, onion and pasta. The soup is sometimes cooled until it solidifies, then cut into strips, breaded in flour and fried in olive oil. Some preparations of maccu may use fava beans that have been puréed.
Dishes that use maccu
Bruschetta al maccú is a simple dish prepared with bruschetta and maccu that may be served as an appetizer or lunch dish.
Maccu di San Giuseppe (English: maccu of St. Joseph) is a traditional Sicilian dish that consists of various ingredients and maccu. The dish may be prepared on Saint Joseph's Day in Sicily, to clear out pantries and allow room for the spring's new crops of vegetables. In Sicily, St. Joseph is regarded by many as their patron saint, and in many Italian-American communities, thanks are given to St. Joseph ("San Giuseppe" in Italian) for preventing a famine in Sicily during the Middle Ages. According to legend, there was a severe drought at the time, and the people prayed for their patron saint to bring them rain. They promised that if he answered their prayers, they would prepare a large feast to honor him. The rain did come, and the people of Sicily prepared a large banquet for their patron saint. The fava bean was the crop which saved the population from starvation and is a traditional part of St. Joseph's Day altars and traditions. Giving food to the needy is a St. Joseph's Day custom.
Rigatoncini con maccu di fave is a Sicilian dish prepared with rigatoncini pasta (a smaller version of rigatoni) and fava bean paste.
See also
List of Italian soups
List of soups
References
Italian soups
Cuisine of Sicily
Ancient dishes
Peasant food
This article contains a complete list of Michelin starred restaurants in Florida. The guide announced its first list of restaurants in the state of Florida on 9 June 2022, after striking a deal the year prior with tourism boards in the state. The guide gave out a single 2 star ranking and fourteen 1-star rankings, as well as 29 Bib Gourmands.
2022
References
Lists of restaurants
Restaurants in Florida
Florida
Florida-related lists
Taken may refer to:
People
Floris Takens (1940-2010), Dutch mathematician
Arts, entertainment, and media
Taken film and television franchise
Taken (franchise), a trilogy of action films starring Liam Neeson
Taken (film), the first film in the trilogy
Taken (2017 TV series), an American television series which acts as an origin story of Bryan Mills
Taken: The Search for Sophie Parker, a 2013 made-for-TV film
Film
Taken, a 1999 film featuring Michael Rudder
Taken, a Flash animation by Adam Phillips
Television
Taken (2016 TV series), a Canadian true crime documentary series
Taken (miniseries), a 2002 American science fiction miniseries
"Taken" (Alias), an episode of Alias
"Taken" (Arrow), an episode of Arrow
"Taken" (Law & Order: Special Victims Unit), an episode of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Literature
Taken (novel), a 2001 novel by Kathleen George
Taken (Robert Crais novel), the 15th novel in Robert Crais' Elvis Cole/Joe Pike series
Taken, the third novel in Benedict Jacka's Alex Verus series
Taken, an omnibus volume comprising the first four novels in the series Left Behind: The Kids
Taken, a fictional group in the novel The Black Company, by Glen Cook, and other books in the series
Music
"Taken" (song), a song by Stellar*
"Taken", a song by Avail from One Wrench
"Taken", a song by One Direction from Up All Night
"Taken", a song by The Waifs from Sink or Swim
"Taken", a song by Zug Izland from 3:33
Other uses
Takens' theorem, Floris Takens' mathematical theorem
The Taken enemy faction in the video game Destiny 2. This faction is associated with the Hive faction as mindless servants.
Cranham Marsh is a 15.3 hectare Local Nature Reserve and a Site of Metropolitan Importance for Nature Conservation in Cranham in the London Borough of Havering. It is owned by Havering Council and managed by the Essex Wildlife Trust.
The habitats on the site are woodland, wet meadow and marsh, and it has one of the few areas of fen to survive in the area. There are three small woods, including Spring Wood, which has species indicative of ancient woodland. Locally uncommon plants in wetland areas include southern marsh-orchid, fine-leaved water-dropwort and golden dock. Insects include a rare bee, Macropis europaea, and 23 species of butterfly have been recorded. It is also a good site for water voles. A tributary of the River Ingrebourne runs through the site.
There is access by footpaths from Park Drive and The Chase.
References
External links
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Havering
Local nature reserves in Greater London
Nature reserves in the London Borough of Havering
Essex Wildlife Trust
The M59/M85 is a Yugoslav Combat helmet. They were produced in 1958/59 and 1985 as the names suggest. They were commonly used in the Yugoslav Wars.
Specifications
M59
The helmet's shape was inspired by the Spanish M34 helmet, sharing very similar profiles, with cut down edges. The liner is a copy of the American M1 helmet's webbing system. The webbing is attached to the helmet with rectangular retention washers. The original models had red stars stenciled on them. Repurposed M59 helmets often incorporated Yugoslavian decals/stickers in order to match the current belligerent.
M85
The M85 Is a modernization of the M59 design, trimming down the rear of the helmet's skirt to make it more comfortable to lie prone, and utilizes a slightly modified liner using clips to keep the leather sweatband in place. In 1989, a Kevlar version of the M85 was introduced (designated as M89). The shape of these helmets is identical to the steel M85, though much thicker and with external rivets to mount the lining. They would be issued alongside M59s and M85s until they were able to be mass produced.
References
External links
Yugoslavia M59/85 at brendonshelmets.weebly.com
Combat helmets of Yugoslavia
Military equipment introduced in the 1950s
Maysville is the name of several places in the United States of America:
Maysville, Alabama
Maysville, Arkansas
Maysville, Colorado
Maysville, Georgia
Maysville, Illinois
Maysville, Indiana
Maysville, Iowa
Maysville, Kentucky
Maysville, Maine
Maysville, Missouri
Maysville, North Carolina
Maysville, Allen County, Ohio (in Allen and Hardin counties)
Maysville, Coshocton County, Ohio
Maysville, Wayne County, Ohio
Maysville, Oklahoma
Maysville, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania
Maysville, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
Maysville, West Virginia
Maysville, Virginia, a former name for Buckingham, Virginia
See also
Maysville High School, Ohio
Mayville (disambiguation)
Marysville (disambiguation)
New Maysville, Indiana
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1568.
Events
October – The Bishops' Bible (inscribed The Holie Bible) is published as a translation into English made under the authority of the Church of England.
New books
Prose
Wawrzyniec Grzymała Goślicki – De optimo senatore
Petar Hektorović – Ribanje i ribarsko prigovaranje (Discourse on Fishing and Fishermen)
Hans Sachs and Jost Amman (illustrations) – Das Ständebuch (Book of Trades)
William Turner
Of Sage
A New Boke on the Natures and Properties of all Wines
Giorgio Vasari – Le Vite delle più eccellenti pittori, scultori, ed architettori (Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects; revised edition)
Christopher Watson (translator) – The hystories of the most famous and worthy chronographer Polybius
Children
Niels Bredal – The Child's Mirror (in Danish)
Drama
Ulpian Fulwell – Like Will to Like
William Wager – The Longer Thou Livest, The More Foole Thou Art
Poetry
François d'Amboise – Élégie sur le trépas d'Anne de Montmorency
See also 1568 in poetry
Births
January 20 – Daniel Cramer, German Lutheran theologian (died 1637)
February 11 – Honoré d'Urfé, French novelist (died 1625)
March 30 – Henry Wotton, English diplomat and author (died 1639)
July 7 – Richard Burbage, English actor and theater owner (died 1619)
September 5 – Tommaso Campanella, Italian philosopher and poet (died 1639)
Unknown date – Richard Baker, English chronicler (died 1645)
Deaths
April 7 – Onofrio Panvinio, Italian historian (born 1529)
September 14 – Jan van Casembroot, Flemish humanist poet (executed, born c. 1525)
December 23 – Roger Ascham, English didact (born c. 1515)
Unknown dates
Antoine Héroet, French poet
Garcia de Orta, Portuguese Jewish physician, naturalist, and medical writer (born 1501/2)
Dirk Philips, Frisian Anabaptist theologian (born 1504)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
This page consists of a list of wastewater treatment technologies:
See also
Agricultural wastewater treatment
Industrial wastewater treatment
List of solid waste treatment technologies
Waste treatment technologies
Water purification
Sewage sludge treatment
References
Industrial Wastewater Treatment Technology Database EPA.
Chemical processes
Environmental engineering
List
Water pollution
Water technology
Waste-water treatment technologies
Sanitation
The Neuse River waterdog, Necturus lewisi, is a medium-sized waterdog, family Proteidae, found in two rivers of North Carolina.
Range
The range of the Neuse River waterdog is limited to the Neuse and Tar-Pamlico River basins in the eastern Piedmont and Coastal Plain of North Carolina.
Appearance and physiology
N. lewisi has a rusty-brown dorsal side with many large, bluish-black spots. The ventral side is dark brown to grey and also spotted. The snout is compressed dorsally and truncated. The tail is compressed laterally and ridged. Each hind limb has four toes, and the gills are dull red and bushy. Sexually active males have sowled cloacae and two enlarged cloacal papillae that point to the rear. Males and females are of a similar size. Adults measure 16.5–28.0 cm from the tip of snout to tip of tail. The young possess a dorsal stripe along their length along with a dark lateral stripe.
Males and females become sexually mature after reaching 102 mm and 100 mm, respectively, measured from tip of the snout to the posterior end of the cloaca. This size is reached at 5.5 years in males and 6.5 years in females.
Habitat
Neuse River waterdogs prefer streams with a flow >10 cm/s and streams which are >15 m wide, and 1 m deep, in areas with a hard clay or soil bottom, as well as areas covered with leaf bed. Larvae are found in leaf beds of quieter waters which provide cover and foraging sites. Males have a greater range than females, and both males and females increase their range after moderate rains, but decrease it after large rains (>40 mm). During winter, adults mostly reside in burrows in banks or under granite rocks. During the spring, the adults move to large bedrock outcrops or beneath large boulders in relatively fast current where nesting occurs. Home ranges contain animal burrows or rock overhangs, large flat rocks on sand gravel substrates, and slack-water areas with detritus mats of leaves.
Adults create retreats by shoveling sand and gravel with their snouts, forming a cavity beneath cover objects. Sometimes, gravel is picked up in the mouth and moved to the periphery of the retreat. Entrances to these retreats face downstream. Females, and to a lesser extent males, actively defend their retreats from intruders. Threat displays include flaring and pulsating the gills and curling the upper lip. Intruders which do not flee after this display are attacked and bitten, usually on the end of the tail.
Reproduction
Males have sperm in the vasa deferentia from November through May, and females have been found with this sperm from December through May. Females move to nesting sites beneath fast-moving current during the spring. Oviposition occurs in April and May, corresponding to the time when ovarian eggs reach their maximum size. Eggs are 8–9 mm in diameter and attach to the substrate by a blunt stalk.
Courtship
A pair of Neuse River waterdogs crawl slowly, with the male trailing the female by 2–4 cm. The male positions his snout behind the rear legs of the female when she stops. The female has her gills flared, while the male has his close to the neck. The male then moves across her body at the base of her tail. Once parallel, the male begins to stroke the female with his chin. This stroking begins at the top of the head, moves roughly halfway down the female and back to the head. The female then raises her head each time the male's chin contacts her neck or head. This sequence repeats many times over a period of roughly 18 minutes. The male then circles the female in a clockwise direction while maintaining contact with her. After several slow circles are made, the males moves parallel to the female and places his limbs over her back. The pair remains in this position for 30 minutes and retreats.
Diet and feeding
Adults feed from the mouths of their retreats or move about in search of prey at night. Olfaction and sight play important roles in locating food. Animals are active away from cover at night, and also during raised water levels and increased turbidity. Individuals are inactive when stream temperatures exceed 18 °C.
Adults mainly prey on snails, earthworms, isopods, amphipods, mayflies, stoneflies, caddisflies, true flies, and fish. Other prey include: slugs, leeches, spiders, crayfish, centipedes, millipedes, odonates, hellgrammites, beetles, caterpillars, and salamanders. Prey of larvae are mainly ostracods, copepods, mayflies, true flies, and beetles. Other prey items of larva include: earthworms, caldocerans, isopods, amphipods, collembolans, odonates, and stoneflies along with other insects.
Predation
Mainly preyed on by fish, Neuse River waterdogs produce chemical defenses to ward off these predators.
References
Petranka, James W. (1998) Salamanders of the United States and Canada, Washington and London: Smithsonian Institution Press.
Global Amphibian Assessment
Proteidae
Fauna of the Southeastern United States
Amphibians described in 1924
Endemic fauna of North Carolina
Eric Hill (19272014) was an English author and illustrator
Eric Hill may also refer to:
Eric Hill (cricketer) (19232010), British cricketer
Eric R. Hill (active 195457), Australian radio-astronomer, see Mills Cross Telescope
Eric J. Hill (active from 1970), American architect
Eric Hill (American football) (born 1966), American football linebacker
Eric T. Hill, United States Air Force general
See also
Erica Hill (Erica Hill-Yount, born Erica Ruth Hill in 1976), American news presenter
Hill (surname)
All pages with titles containing "Eric Hill"
The Democracy Wall () at the City University of Hong Kong is a venue for free speech. It is located on the third floor of Academic One, in a prominent position next to the university library. The original Democracy Wall, from 1978, was a focal point for democratic discourse in Beijing. It was demolished by the Communist authorities.
The Democracy Wall is a public bulletin board that allows students, alumni and teachers to freely express their personal opinions, exchange their views on school policies, political point of views or academic theories. The school will also post official responses on the wall according to some particular issues. It acts as a public forum for the university community. There are also tables in front of the wall with various leaflets and books on display, providing further information for those interested in particular issues.
There are also other Democracy Walls at other public-funded universities, including the University of Hong Kong, Chinese University of Hong Kong, and Hong Kong Polytechnic University. The famed Lennon Wall of the 2014 Hong Kong protests also played a similar role, but was removed by the government when the Admiralty protest site was cleared.
History
In 2003, the Democracy Wall was moved to its present location.
Users
The Democracy Wall of CityU is managed by the City University of Hong Kong Students' Union. Equality, mutual respect, judge on the facts rather than the people, and being responsible for what they have said are the rules of speaking. It is common for different societies to post declaration on the wall.
Staff
Faculty of the university are free to post posters and statements on the wall. For example, Dr.Priscilla Leung Mei-fun (Priscilla Leung), an associate professor of City University of Hong Kong School of Law, once posted a statement about the Legislative Council using Powers and Privileges to investigate the progress justice of examining the TV licence of HKTV. It is her right to post on the democracy wall. However, there are lots of critics because she used the member of legislative council but not the staff of CityU.
Students
Students are allowed to post on the wall with their student ID. The content can be anything such as posters, comments or slogan. For example, many societies or clubs of the student's union post declaration to allow the public, especially to the students of CityU to read. It is also possible for students to write comments on posted items, along with their student ID again.
Aims
Exercising Hong Kong's rights
In Hong Kong, freedom of speech is an essential right codified in the Basic Law. It is also considered as a core value in Hong Kong society. The Democracy Wall is a place for people to express their opinions and share their views, especially on some political issues. It is not compulsory for the issues being related to only CityU or Hong Kong society, it can also be related to some international issues.
People concerned about matters that are conflicting justice. Since justice is one of the core values in Hong Kong, the behaviours of government should follow justice, regardless of the process or results.
Student awareness of societal issues
The Democracy Wall aims to raise students' attention towards different kinds topics and problems surrounding them. It is located in an eye-catching area where University students can easily view different kinds of opinions when they pass by. People can quickly get to know different kinds of issues in CityU, Hong Kong and the world. It can build up students' attention towards caring our world, especially for some political issues.
The role of a university
Nowadays, money is very important in this world. The concept of economic-oriented in a society has a vital place in Hong Kong people's minds, including the university students. People may not focus on political issues because they think it does not directly affect their lives. However, University students should not have this misconception. University is a platform for exchanging different kinds of opinions and knowledge. University students should have a rise of attention to show the role of a university. Therefore, Democracy Wall of economic-oriented provides a way for university students to connect to the world.
Management
The democracy wall is owned by the Student's Union of the City University of Hong Kong, directly related to the executive committee of the Students' Union. The committee has the ability to put down the poster on the wall. Therefore, it raises a question about the fairness. If the executive committee can put down the poster when they want, the committee with different background may have a different interpretation.
Significant incidents
Libel lawsuit
In 1994 a City Polytechnic law student sued an accountancy student for libel after the defendant posted two posters to the Democracy Wall that claimed the plaintiff was a criminal, biased, and dishonest. The law student had sat on an arbitration committee that ruled over a case in which the accountancy student was part of a party that felt aggrieved. The accountancy student was ordered to pay $75,000, but claimed that she had allowed a fellow student to use her student number on the posters.
Orientation camp conduct
In September 2013, there was a post on the Democracy Wall of CityU talking about one of the games in MCS orientation camps in Hong Kong torturing group leaders (students of Year 2 or above) in front of freshmen. This post was posted by a freshman who had joined the orientation camp, saying they could not accept the game they played in the camp because it was immoral: throwing noodles, water, and even leftover onto group leaders to punish the freshmen for not participating inactively in the camp. A few days later, the designer of the game posted a proclamation to clarify the meaning of the game was wanting freshmen to devote more in the camp, and only water and wetted paper were used to throw on group leaders.
Taiwan Anti-Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement
In March 2014, there are some posts about the Anti-Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement to China issues which are happening in Taiwan. Students compare the situation in Hong Kong and Taiwan. They express their views of supporting Taiwan citizens to against the trade pact with China of holding Sunflower Student Movement. Rather than objecting the unfair situation of a trade pact with China, this is also showing that justice is being affected. This can show the inappropriate way of the Taiwan government when handling this issue. Through the views of Hong Kong students, they are also objecting to the way of Taiwan government. CityU Democracy Wall is a way to show social justice.
Censorship attempts
In November 2015 a Mainland Chinese exchange student tore down part of a banner reading "Hong Kong is not China" and put up new text, changing it to read "Hong Kong is just a part of China of course". She struck and injured a student who filmed her actions. The footage went viral on Facebook, with commentators criticising the student for not respecting Hong Kong's freedom of speech, which is codified in the Hong Kong Basic Law.
A male student was also seen ripping messages from the wall the same month. He was also filmed and the video uploaded to Facebook.
Vandalism of Goddess of Democracy statue
A replica of the Goddess of Democracy stands beside the Democracy Wall at City University. The original statue was erected by students at the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests in Beijing, but was destroyed by the People's Liberation Army during the massacre of the protesters on 4 June 1989.
On 23 July 2019, against the backdrop of protests against the Hong Kong government's proposal to introduce a China extradition law, a young man was filmed tearing posters from the Democracy Wall and tipping the Goddess of Democracy over. The man was confronted by CityU students and university security, who called police. The suspect was taken away in a police van. The Mandarin-speaking suspect was reportedly a mainland Chinese graduate of the university.
The statue, though badly damaged, was subsequently righted by students. The students' union, which owns the statue, said it had contacted the original artist in hopes of repairing it. The university said it would set up a committee to investigate the incident.
References
City University of Hong Kong
Protests in Hong Kong
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Garvin County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Garvin County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 12 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Garvin County
Garvin
Major Mariappan Saravanan (10 August 1972 – 29 May 1999), was an officer in the prestigious Bihar Regiment of the Indian Army who was martyred during the Kargil War. He was killed in hand-to-hand combat with intruders after killing four intruders in the Batalik area of Kargil Sector on 29 May 1999, along with 33 soldiers and four other officers. Saravanan had just completed four years of service on 10 March 1999.
Major Saravanan was possibly the first officer killed in the Kargil War. The attack led by him came in the early stages of the conflict when adequate information was not available. His actions have led to him being referred to as the "Hero of Batalik".
Early life
Born on 10 August 1972 on the island of Rameswaram in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, Saravanan began his schooling at Kendriya Vidyalaya in Gaya district and continued his high school in Campion Anglo-Indian Higher Secondary School in Tiruchirapalli and later graduated from St. Joseph's College, Tiruchirapalli in 1992. Saravanan was also the president of the student union at St. Joseph's College in 1992 and was a C certificate holder of NCC. His father Lt. Colonel Adi Mariappan died in a road accident in Bangalore on 19 June 1989 while serving in the Indian Peace Keeping Force during Operation Pawan in Sri Lanka. He has two sisters.
Military career
Saravanan graduated from the OTA in 1995 and joined 1 Bihar as a lieutenant in 1995. After joining the army he was posted to Tamulpur, Cooch Behar and Bhutan before moving to Kargil. He was promoted to captain in 1996 and to major in 1999.
The Kargil War
1 Bihar was in Assam when the Kargil War broke out. They were ordered to move to Kargil, Jammu and Kashmir. On the night of 28 May 1999, Major Saravanan was assigned the task of capturing a well-fortified Pakistani position at in the Batalik sector. He and his men launched an attack at 04:00 IST. Despite intensive firing from the enemy with artillery and automatic weapons, they charged into a volley of bullets. Saravanan fired a rocket launcher into the enemy position that killed two enemy soldiers. During the combat, he was hit by shrapnel and injured but continued fighting. His commanding officer ordered him to retreat because too many Indian soldiers had been injured. He killed two more invaders but this time he was hit by a bullet in the head and died at around 06:30 IST.
Vir Chakra
The Vir Chakra was awarded to Saravanan posthumously and presented to his mother by President K. R. Narayanan. It reads:
Trust and memorial
A trust has been created on his name, meant for the welfare of the poor, indigent and needy to serve the society at large without any discrimination as to caste, color and creed. Also, it aims at motivating the youngsters to "Join the Army and serve the nation". Eight years post Kargil war, a memorial was unveiled on the collector office road in Tiruchirapalli. The memorial was constructed and is maintained by Major Saravanan Memorial Trust. On the occasion of Kargil Vijay Divas on 26 July 2008, the Postal Department brought out a special cover in memory of Major M. Saravanan.
References
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Major-saravanan/219879964694542
People of the Kargil War
1972 births
1999 deaths
Military personnel from Tiruchirappalli
Recipients of the Vir Chakra
People from Ramanathapuram district
Kendriya Vidyalaya alumni
Indian military personnel killed in action
St Joseph's College, Tiruchirappalli alumni
