The following is a list of countries and territories that have sent delegates to Miss Earth since 2001.
Entrants
Unsuccessful attempts to participate
This is a list of countries that debuted, returned, or the previous countries that supposed to compete in Miss Earth, but never competed due to some reasons of withdrawal.
Notes
– In 2008, China pressured the organization to change Taiwan's name to Chinese Taipei.
/Serbia and Montenegro – No longer exist as countries, now competes as Serbia, Montenegro, and the partially recognized Kosovo.
References
External links
Countries
Miss Earth
Print circulation is the average number of copies of a publication. The number of copies of a non-periodical publication (such as a book) are usually called print run. Circulation is not always the same as copies sold, often called paid circulation, since some issues are distributed without cost to the reader. Readership figures are usually higher than circulation figures because of the assumption that a typical copy is read by more than one person.
Concept
Print circulation is a good proxy measure of print readership and is thus one of the principal factors used to set print advertising rates (prices). In many countries, circulations are audited by independent bodies such as the Audit Bureau of Circulations to assure advertisers that a given newspaper does reach the number of people claimed by the publisher. There are international open access directories such as Mondo Times, but these generally rely on numbers reported by newspapers themselves.
World newspapers with the largest circulation
The World Association of Newspapers and News Publishers (WAN-IFRA) publishes a list of newspapers with the largest circulation. In 2011, India led the world in terms of newspaper circulation with nearly 330 million newspapers circulated daily. In 2010, China topped the list in terms of total newspaper circulation with 110.78 million a day, ahead of India in second with 100.993 million,followed by Japan, with 50.4 million; the United States, with 48.5 million; and Germany, with 19.7 million. In the 2019 survey, among the top 10 newspapers, all were Asian newspapers and four were Japanese newspapers.
The Japanese Yomiuri Shimbun (), Asahi Shimbun () are still the largest circulated newspapers in the world. The Times of India are the largest circulated English-language daily newspaper in the world, across all formats (Broadsheet, Compact, Berliner and Online). Reference News () is the most popular paper in China.
According to the Guinness Book of Records, the daily circulation of the Soviet newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda exceeded 21,500,000 in 1990, while the Soviet weekly Argumenty i Fakty boasted a circulation of 33,500,000 in 1991.
In many developed countries, print circulation is falling due to social and technological changes such as the availability of news on the internet. On the other hand, in some developing countries circulation is increasing as these factors are more than cancelled out by rising incomes, population, and literacy.
Individual countries
Australia
The Herald Sun has the highest circulation in Australia. Based in one of the country's two major cities, Melbourne, it is the result of the amalgamation of the original Sun and Herald newspapers.
Belgium
The Belgian institution CIM (Centre for Information about Media) publishes national circulation figures for all written, audiovisual and web-based media in Belgium. The top ten best selling papers according to their website are Het Laatste Nieuws, 317,715; Het Nieuwsblad, 245,209; SUD Presse (group of papers focused on community specific content), 147,749; Het Belang van Limburg, 121,428; Le Soir, 113,780; Vers l'avenir, 109,287 (group of papers focused on community specific content); La Dernière Heure, 107,583; De Standaard, 104,758.
Canada
The most widely read paper in the country is the Toronto Star, which, as of the six-month period ending on March 31, 2007, averaged 634,886 copies sold on Saturday, 436,694 Monday to Friday, and 442,265 on Sunday. The second most widely read paper is Toronto-based national newspaper The Globe and Mail, which averaged 374,000 copies on Saturdays, and 303,000 Monday to Friday. The most widely read French-language newspaper is Le Journal de Montréal, which averaged 319,899 copies on Saturday, 267,404 Monday to Friday, and 264,733 on Sunday. Unlike in the United States, newspapers in Canada published their biggest and mostly widely read editions on Saturdays.
India
The Audit Bureau of Circulations shows that the largest read local language newspapers to be Dainik Bhaskar (with 4.320 million readers) and Dainik Jagran (with 3.410 million readers), both published in Hindi. The Times of India are the most widely read English language newspaper ( 3.029 million), followed by Malayala Manorama (2.370 million), Amar Ujala (2.067 million), Hindustan Times (1.132 million), Eenadu (1.732 million), Daily Thanthi is a Tamil daily (1.498 million), Anandabazar Patrika is Bengali language newspaper(1.075 million). Malayala Manorama newspaper which is published in Malayalam from Kerala, currently has a readership of over 2.370 million (with a circulation base of over 2.4 million copies) has the most circulation in other languages.
Japan
The 2022 circulation figures for the morning and evening editions of Japan's newspapers: Yomiuri Shimbun, 6,870,000; The Asahi Shimbun, 5,890,000; Mainichi Shimbun, 2,572,000; Seikyo Shimbun, 5,500,000; Nihon Keizai Shimbun, 1,731,000; Chunichi Shimbun/Tokyo Shimbun,2,871 ,000; Sankei Shimbun, 1,330 ,000; Nikkan Sports, 1,661 ,828; Hokkaido Shimbun, 1,896,594; Shizuoka Shimbun, 1,479,000; .
Norway
The Norwegian Media Businesses' Association publishes national circulation figures for every newspaper in Norway every year. In 2011 the most read newspaper was the Oslo-based national newspaper Aftenposten, with a circulation of 235,795 followed by the tabloid Verdens Gang with 211,588. The local evening newspaper Aften averages 101,574 and the tabloid Dagbladet had 98,989 readers. The financial newspaper Dagens Næringsliv averaged 82,595. In the top ten list it is followed by five local newspapers: Bergens Tidende, 79,467; Adresseavisen, 71,657; Stavanger Aftenblad, 63,283; Fædrelandsvennen, 36,604 and Drammens Tidende, 33,352.
Turkey
As of August 2016, the top 6 best selling papers are respectively: Hürriyet, 340,898; Sözcü, 322,829; Sabah, 313,989; Posta, 302,919; Habertürk, 253,256 and Milliyet, 143,577.
United Kingdom
According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations the best-selling papers as of January 2017 are The Sun, 1.67 million, The Daily Mail, 1.51 million and the Daily Mirror, 725,000.
United States
The heyday of the newspaper industry was the 1940s, but the percentage of Americans reading newspapers began to decline with the increased competition from radio, television and, more recently, the Internet. A growing population helped the absolute circulation numbers continue to increase until the 1970s, where it remained stable until the 1990s, when absolute circulation numbers began declining.
Newspaper circulation numbers are reported to the Alliance for Audited Media. The best-selling papers in America, measured by combined daily average circulation as of March 31, 2013, are the Wall Street Journal with 2,378,827 in circulation; The New York Times at 1,865,318; and USA Today with 1,674,306. Overall, for the 593 reporting newspapers, daily circulation declined 0.7 percent year-over-year between March 2012 and March 2013. Sunday circulation was down 1.4 percent over the same period.
See also
List of newspapers by circulation
List of magazines by circulation
Newspaper delivery: The circulation department of a newspaper, in addition to soliciting subscriptions, also distributes them to subscribers to the print edition. The last step is newspaper delivery consisting of newspaper routes run either by motor vehicle or traditional adolescent "paper boys."
References
External links
Newspaper Map (circulation worldwide)
BPA Worldwide: Media Auditing
The State of the Media 2004 from journalism.org
Alliance for Audited Media web site
The Front Pages of the Main Newspapers of the World
Editor & Publisher Yearbook On-line with circulation statistics
Searchable database of Canadian newspaper circulation figures from the Canadian Newspaper Association
English Newspaper in Spain
Circulation
Fraser High School could refer to:
Hamilton's Fraser High School in New Zealand
Fraser High School in Fraser, Michigan, United States
The 1998 United States Senate election in Florida was held November 3, 1998 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Bob Graham won re-election to a third term. , this was the last time the Democrats have won the Class 3 Senate seat from Florida.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Bob Graham, incumbent United States Senator
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Charlie Crist, State Senator
Andy Martin, perennial candidate
Results
General election
Candidates
Bob Graham (D), incumbent U.S. Senator
Charlie Crist (R), State Senator
Results
Graham defeated Crist in a landslide, as Crist won just four counties in the state. There were no third party or independent candidates.
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
Florida
1998
The 212th Division () was created in July 1949 under the Regulation of the Redesignations of All Organizations and Units of the Army, issued by Central Military Commission on November 1, 1948, basing on the 313th and 314th Division, 128th Corps, 19th Army Group (National Revolutionary Army) of Republic of China Army defected in May 1949.
The division was part of 51st Corps. Under the flag of 212th division it took part in the Chinese Civil War. The division except its 634th Regiment was disbanded in December 1951. In December 1952 the 634th Regiment was absorbed into the People's Volunteer Army.
References
中国人民解放军各步兵师沿革，http://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_a3f74a990101cp1q.html
Infantry divisions of the People's Liberation Army
Military units and formations established in 1949
Military units and formations disestablished in 1951
Saravena is a city and municipality in Arauca Department, Colombia. It is south of Colombia's border with Venezuela. The area of about 47,000 people near the Venezuelan border has had FARC and ELN activity as well as a Colombian military presence.
It is served by Los Colonizadores Airport.
Climate
Saravena has a tropical monsoon climate (Köppen Am) with moderate to little rainfall from December to March to and heavy to very heavy rainfall from April to November.
References
Municipalities of Arauca Department
Siwan community development block or simply Siwan Block () is a Community development block in district of Siwan in Bihar state of India.
The total area of Siwan Block is and total population of block is 340,983 (including rural area and urban city). Siwan Nagar Parishad is the headquarters of the block.
Panchayat and Municipality
Siwan block is divided into many Panchayats and a Municipality.
Municipal Council
There is one Municipal council in Siwan district, in Siwan block categorised as Nagar Parishad.
Siwan Nagar Parishad
Gram Panchayats
There are many Gram Panchayats in Siwan block:
Baghra
Baletha
Barhan
Bhanta pokhar
Chanaur
Dhanauti
Jiyaen
Karan pura
Mahuari
Makariar
Nathu chhap
Orma makund
Pachlakhi
Pithauri
Ramapali
Sarsar
Siari
Tanrwa
See also
Siwan district
Siwan Subdivision
Siwan Nagar Parishad
References
Community development blocks in Siwan district
Seven Psychopaths is a 2012 satirical dark comedy crime drama film directed, written, and co-produced by Martin McDonagh and starring Colin Farrell, Sam Rockwell, Woody Harrelson, and Christopher Walken, with Tom Waits, Abbie Cornish, Olga Kurylenko, and Željko Ivanek in supporting roles. The film marks the second collaboration among McDonagh, Farrell, and Ivanek, following the director's In Bruges (2008). It is a co-production of the United States and the United Kingdom.
Seven Psychopaths had its world premiere on 7 September 2012 at the Toronto International Film Festival, and was theatrically released in the United States and Canada on 12 October 2012, and in the United Kingdom on 5 December 2012. The film received positive reviews from critics.
Plot
Marty is a struggling writer trying to complete his screenplay, Seven Psychopaths. His best friend, Billy, makes a living kidnapping dogs and collecting rewards for their safe return. His partner-in-crime is Hans, a religious man whose wife Myra has cancer.
Marty writes a story about a psychopath, the "Quaker", who stalks his daughter's killer for decades, driving him to suicide. Billy suggests Marty use the "Jack of Diamonds" killer, perpetrator of a recent double murder, as one of the seven. Billy puts an ad in the paper inviting psychopaths to share their stories for Marty's script. Zachariah Rigby approaches him, sharing his story of having been a part of a serial killer duo who killed other serial killers: the Texarkana Moonlight Murderer, the Cleveland Torso Killer, and the Zodiac killer. However Zachariah wants Marty to include a message to Maggie, his former partner in crime and lover, in the credits.
Billy and Hans steal Bonny, a Shih Tzu, the beloved pet of Charlie Costello, an unpredictable and violent gangster. His thugs, led by Paulo, discover Hans' connection to the kidnapping. They threaten to kill Marty and Hans, but the Jack of Diamonds killer arrives and kills them. Charlie traces Myra to the cancer ward and kills her when she refuses to tell him anything.
Billy goes to meet his girlfriend, Angela, who is also Charlie's girlfriend. After telling her he kidnapped Bonny, she snitches. Billy, discovering Charlie killed Myra, shoots Angela in retaliation. Charlie arrives at Billy's and discovers many packs of playing cards with the jack of diamonds missing, realizing he is the "Jack of Diamonds" killer.
Marty, Billy, and Hans leave for the desert with Bonny. Hans reveals that he was the Quaker, which Marty wrote the story about after hearing it from a drunken Billy. When the trio arrive to the desert, they set up camp. Billy suggests Seven Psychopaths end with a shootout between all of the psychopaths.
Marty and Hans see a headline saying that Billy is wanted in connection with the Jack of Diamonds killings. When he's confronted, he reveals that he assumed the Jack of Diamonds persona would inspire him, but Marty declares they must go home. Meanwhile, Hans has a vision of Myra in a "grey place," leading him to doubt his belief in the afterlife. He ignores Marty's reassurances that his vision was a peyote-induced hallucination. Billy sets the car on fire, stranding the trio. He then calls Charlie, giving him their location. To alleviate Hans' doubts about an afterlife, Billy claims to have impersonated Myra; but, not able to describe precisely what Myra had said to Hans in his vision of her (other than it was "grey" as Billy had overheard earlier), Hans walks away.
Billy, with Bonny in tow, impatiently waits for Charlie's arrival, intending to have a climactic shootout. Charlie arrives alone and unarmed, apart from a flare gun. An enraged Billy shoots him, feeling cheated out of a shootout. Marty drives away with Charlie, intending to take him to a hospital, when Billy realizes the flare gun's purpose and fires it. Hans finds Charlie's thugs awaiting the flare signal. The large group catches the attention of the police, who draw closer. Hans pretends to draw a weapon, causing Paulo to shoot him in front of the police. Before dying, he says "It isn't grey at all".
The thugs head towards the signal, with police in pursuit, and find Marty and Charlie, who reveals that he only suffered a flesh wound. With backup, Charlie returns to Billy. After a shootout, Charlie and Billy have a stand-off, respectively holding Marty and Bonny hostage. Charlie releases Marty and shoots Billy just as the police arrive. Charlie and Paulo are arrested, but Bonny stays at the dying Billy's side. Marty catches up with Hans's body, finding a tape recorder with suggestions for Seven Psychopaths.
Marty, having adopted Bonny, finishes the screenplay. Some time later, after the Seven Psychopaths movie is shown in theaters, he receives a call from Zachariah. He threatens to kill him for not leaving a message to Maggie as promised. On hearing Marty's weary and resigned acceptance, Zachariah realizes his experiences have left him a changed man, and decides to spare him.
Cast
Colin Farrell as Marty Faranan
Sam Rockwell as Billy Bickle
Woody Harrelson as Charlie Costello
Christopher Walken as Hans Kieslowski / The Quaker
Harry Dean Stanton as The Imagined Quaker
Tom Waits as Zachariah Rigby
Brendan Sexton III as Young Zachariah Rigby
Abbie Cornish as Kaya
Olga Kurylenko as Angela
Željko Ivanek as Paulo
Linda Bright Clay as Myra Kieslowski
Amanda Warren as Maggie Rigby
Long Nguyen as the Vietnamese Priest / Thích Quảng Đức
James Hébert as Killer
Christine Marzano as The Hooker
Kevin Corrigan as Dennis
Gabourey Sidibe as Sharice
Michael Pitt as Larry
Michael Stuhlbarg as Tommy
Helena Mattsson as Blonde Lady
Production
The first casting announcements were made on 12 May 2011. Mickey Rourke left The Expendables 2 to co-star in the film. He later dropped out of Seven Psychopaths after disagreements with McDonagh, calling him a "jerk-off." He was replaced by Woody Harrelson. Of the incident, McDonagh said "I was fine with it. Mickey's a great actor [...] I've known Woody [Harrelson] for years and years, and he was a perfect choice for this too. He's got those great dramatic elements which he's shown in Rampart recently, and he's always been a fantastic comedian. You need that in this – someone who can be out-and-out funny, but also turn sinister on a dime."
The film was shot in Los Angeles and Joshua Tree National Park, Twentynine Palms, California. Filming was completed late 2011.
Music
The film's score was composed by Carter Burwell, who previously composed the score to McDonagh's In Bruges. Lakeshore Records released the soundtrack digitally on 23 October 2012, with a physical release date of 20 November 2012.
Reception
Box office
Seven Psychopaths was released in North America on 12 October 2012, and opened in 1,480 theaters in the United States. It grossed $1,360,000 on its opening day and $4,275,000 in its opening weekend, ranking #9 with a per theater average of $2,889. During its second weekend, it dropped down to #11 and grossed $3,273,480, with a per theater average of $2,212. By its third weekend, it dropped to #15 and made $1,498,350, with a per theater average of $1,494. It was released 5 December 2012 in the United Kingdom.
Critical response
Seven Psychopaths received positive reviews from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 82%, based on 210 reviews, with an average rating of 7.1/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Seven Psychopaths delivers sly cinematic commentary while serving up a heaping helping of sharp dialogue and gleeful violence." At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film holds a score of 66 out of 100, based on 43 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews."
Eric Kohn of IndieWire gave the film a positive review and an "A−" grade, praising McDonagh's writing, and stating that it "hits a unique pitch between dark, bloody satire and interpersonal conflicts that makes his finest work play like a combination of Quentin Tarantino and Aaron Sorkin." About the film itself, he wrote, "A less controlled and slapdash character piece than In Bruges, McDonagh's new movie benefits greatly from a plethora of one-liners that toy with crime movie clichés in the unlikely context of writerly obsessions." Claudia Puig of USA Today also gave the film a positive review, writing that "men in movies are often just overgrown boys, and Seven Psychopaths is out to prove it – in the most twisted, hilarious way possible." Roger Ebert of Chicago Sun-Times gave the film three-and-a-half stars out of four. He praised the performances of main cast members and McDonagh's writing, stating that "Walken sometimes leans toward self-parody, but here his performance has a delicate, contained strangeness. All of the actors are good, and Farrell wisely allows the showier performances to circle around him. Like any screenwriter – like Tarantino, for example, who is possibly McDonagh's inspiration here – he brings these people into being and stands back in amazement." About the film, he added, "This is a delightfully goofy, self-aware movie that knows it is a movie." Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly gave the film a "B+" grade, stating, "An energetically demented psycho-killer comedy set in faux-noir L.A., Seven Psychopaths rollicks along to the unique narrative beat and language stylings of Anglo-Irish writer-director Martin McDonagh (In Bruges), channeling Quentin Tarantino."
David Rooney of The Hollywood Reporter praised the performances of the main cast members, stating, "As creatively bankrupt Marty, Farrell is in subdued mode here, his performance largely defined by the endless expressivity of his eyebrows. He serves as an excellent foil for Rockwell, whose line readings continually dance between knowingness and idiocy, and Walken, who ventures as far into deadpan as you can go while remaining conscious. And Harrelson has fun contrasting his devotion to Bonny with his contempt for humanity." He wrote about the film that "while it's way behind the Pulp Fiction curve, Seven Psychopaths can be terrifically entertaining." Catherine Shoard of The Guardian gave the film four stars out of five, and wrote, "There are scenes of complete brilliance, Walken is better than he's been in years, cute plot loops and grace notes." Peter Travers of Rolling Stone gave the film three stars out of four, stating, "Blood splatters, heads explode, and McDonagh takes sassy, self-mocking shots at the very notion of being literary in Hollywood. It's crazy-killer fun." Ty Burr of Boston Globe also gave the film three stars out of four, stating that the film is "absurdly entertaining even after it disappears up its own hindquarters in the last act, and it gives some of our weirder actors ample room to play."
Michael Phillips of Chicago Tribune gave the film three stars out of four, writing that "the result is a clever, violent daydream. But McDonagh's skill behind the camera has grown considerably since In Bruges. And the way he writes, he's able to attract the ideal actors into his garden of psychopathology." Dana Stevens of Slate magazine gave the film a positive review, stating, "It's at once a gangster movie, a buddy comedy, and a meta-fictional exploration of the limits of both genres - and if that sounds impossible to pull off, well, McDonagh doesn't, quite. But the pure sick brio of Seven Psychopaths takes it a long way." Richard Corliss of Time magazine also gave the film a positive review, writing that "small in stature but consistently entertaining, Seven Psychopaths is a vacation from consequence for the Tony- and Oscar-winning author, and an unsupervised play date for his cast of screw-loose stars." James Berardinelli of ReelViews gave the film two-and-a-half stars out of four, stating, "On balance, one could argue that Seven Psychopaths warrants a better rating than a mediocre **1/2, but the aftertaste is so bitter that it diminishes the sweetness that started off the meal."
Peter Debruge of Variety magazine gave the film a mixed review, writing that "the film's overall tone is so cartoony, it's easy to imagine someone spinning off a macabre animated series of the same name....." and that "compared to McDonagh's best work for stage (The Lieutenant of Inishmore) and screen (In Bruges), Seven Psychopaths feels like either an older script knocking around the bottom of a drawer or a new one hastily tossed off between more ambitious projects." Kevin Jagernauth of The Playlist also gave the film a mixed review, stating, "somewhat spastic and overcooked, Seven Psychopaths might have a few too many."
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2012 films
2012 black comedy films
2010s crime comedy-drama films
2010s satirical films
2010s English-language films
British black comedy films
British crime comedy-drama films
British satirical films
American black comedy films
American crime comedy-drama films
American satirical films
Self-reflexive films
Metafictional works
Film4 Productions films
Films about alcoholism
Films about dogs
Films about drugs
Films about murderers
Films about screenwriters
Films set in Los Angeles
Films shot in California
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films directed by Martin McDonagh
Films produced by Graham Broadbent
Films scored by Carter Burwell
CBS Films films
2010s American films
2010s British films
The 1934 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1934. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land.
Systems
Possible Tropical Cyclone One
A possible tropical cyclone, with a ship-reported pressure of , was located southwest of Acapulco from July 8 to 9.
Possible Hurricane Two
On July 18, a possible hurricane existed north of Cape Corrientes.
Hurricane Three
Somewhere south of Acapulco, a tropical cyclone formed on September 16. It headed along the coast, not strengthening much until September 18. It was a hurricane by September 19. For the next three days, it slowly moved through the area south of the Gulf of California. It had weakened to a depression by September 22, whence it made landfall on the Baja California Peninsula and dissipated. The lowest pressure reported by a ship was .
This hurricane caused death and destruction throughout the southern part of the Baja California Peninsula. A large number of people were killed, and many were injured. The hurricane left twenty thousand people homeless and reduced to hunger. Damage was particularly heavy in La Paz, Triunfor, San Antonio, San Bartolo, Miraflores, San José del Cabo, and Cabo San Lucas. Electricity and water utilities were severely disrupted. The hurricane destroyed the area's tomato crop, and severely disrupted sugarcane plantations. It also destroyed a recently finished highway between La Paz and San Bartolo, and flooded mines near San Antonio and Triunfo. The total damage was estimated at 500,000,000 pesos (1934 MXP). The Mexican government sent aid to the affected area, along with the International Red Cross.
Hurricane Four
On October 14, well off the coast of Mexico, a tropical storm was noticed. It headed north towards the Gulf of California, and dissipated October 16. The cyclone was a hurricane, and a ship reported a pressure of .
See also
1934 Atlantic hurricane season
1934 Pacific typhoon season
1930s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1934 in Mexico
Pacific hurricane seasons
1930s Pacific hurricane seasons
Ann Beattie (born September 8, 1947) is an American novelist and short story writer. She has received an award for excellence from the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters and the PEN/Malamud Award for excellence in the short story form.
Career
Born in Washington, D.C., Beattie grew up in Chevy Chase, Washington, D.C. and attended Woodrow Wilson High School. She holds an undergraduate degree from American University and a master's degree from the University of Connecticut.
She gained attention in the early 1970s with short stories published in The Western Humanities Review, Ninth Letter, the Atlantic Monthly, and The New Yorker. In 1976, she published her first book of short stories, Distortions, and her first novel, Chilly Scenes of Winter, which was later made into a film.
Beattie's style has evolved over the years. In 1998, she published Park City, a collection of old and new short stories, about which Christopher Lehman-Haupt wrote in The New York Times:
Beattie has taught at Harvard College and the University of Connecticut and was for a long time associated with the University of Virginia, where she was first appointed as a part-time lecturer in 1980. She later became Edgar Allan Poe Chair of the Department of English and Creative Writing in 2000 and remained at UVA until 2013, when she resigned over disappointment at the direction in which the university was heading. In 2005 she was selected as winner of the Rea Award for the Short Story, in recognition of her outstanding achievement in that genre.
Her first novel, Chilly Scenes of Winter (1976), was adapted as a film alternatively titled Chilly Scenes of Winter or Head Over Heels in 1979 by Joan Micklin Silver, starring John Heard, Mary Beth Hurt, Gloria Grahame, and Peter Riegert. The first version was not well received by audiences, though upon its re-release in 1982, with a new title and ending to match that in book, the movie was successful, and is now considered a cult classic. She was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2004.
Recent works
Appraisal of Beattie's recent work has been mixed. Writing in The New York Times, Michiko Kakutani called her novel Mrs. Nixon: A Novelist Imagines a Life (2011) "preposterous," "narcissistic," and "self-indulgent"—the "sort of pretentious volume that makes people hate academics." In The Washington Post, Book World Editor Marie Arana characterized it as "a bill of goods" devoid of "anything resembling a story line" that is "less about the eponymous Mrs. than about an endless parade of wordsmiths trotted out for show." The book "is not, except in the most perfunctory way, about Mrs. Nixon," Arana determined. "It's about Beattie." "[T]he book does not succeed," wrote William Deresiewicz in The Nation. "Its bric-a-brac approach is ultimately wearying: nothing ever quite gets under way. One ends up feeling as if Beattie has spent the whole performance clearing her throat. . . . Her subject often seems a pretext, something just to get the conversation started." By contrast, Dawn Raffel, in the San Francisco Chronicle, called the book "splendidly tricky", "at times... movingly lyrical", and said "Nothing in Mrs. Nixon is perfectly clear, and that is the source of its power."
Mary Pols described her short-story collection The State We're In (2015), which is set in Maine, in The New York Times Book Review as "slippery" and "peculiar." Pols wrote, "I read this collection twice trying to unravel the mystery of what else, beyond Maine, ties these unfinished-feeling stories together."
In a review of Beattie's collection The Accomplished Guest (2017) for The Washington Post, Howard Norman admired Beattie for her "beguiling originality" and determined that "she is one of our few contemporary masters of storytelling." He also wrote, "When I read Beattie's stories, I think of Chekhov's; when I read Chekhov's stories, I think of Beattie's. Both are writers for the ages."
Of Beattie's recent novel A Wonderful Stroke of Luck (2019), Publishers Weekly wrote, "Beattie offers sharp psychological insights and well-crafted prose, but the novel lacks the power and emotional depth of her best work." In The New York Times Book Review, Martha Southgate wrote, "Ultimately, this is a novel in which nothing seems to matter much." She also called the book "shapeless." Southgate nonetheless praised A Wonderful Stroke of Luck for "some elegant sentences and cutting observations that remind a reader of Beattie at her strongest."
Beattie's papers are held by the Albert and Shirley Small Special Collections Library at the University of Virginia.
Personal
Beattie was married to the writer David Gates. The couple divorced in 1980. In 1985, she met the painter Lincoln Perry, and they married in 1998.
She and Perry both taught at the University of Virginia until 2013. From there they moved together to Key West, Florida, where she continues to write.
In 2005, the two collaborated on a published retrospective of Perry's paintings. Entitled Lincoln Perry's Charlottesville, the book contains an introductory essay and artist's interview by Beattie.
Bibliography
Novels
Chilly Scenes of Winter (1976)
Falling In Place (1981);
Love Always (1986);
Picturing Will (1989);
Another You (1995);
My Life, Starring Dara Falcon (1997);
The Doctor's House (2002);
Mrs. Nixon: A Novelist Imagines A Life (2011)
A Wonderful Stroke of Luck (2019)
Short fiction
Collections
Distortions (1976);
Secrets and Surprises (1978);
The Burning House (1982);
What Was Mine (1991);
Where You'll Find Me and Other Stories (1986);
Park City (1998);
Perfect Recall (2000);
Follies: New Stories (2005);
The New Yorker Stories (2011);
The Accomplished Guest (2017)
Stories
Articles and other contributions
Children's Books
Spectacles (1985)
References
External links
Ann Beattie profile at IMDb.
Ann Beatie discusses her writing process on Bookworm in October, 1998
Audio: Ann Beattie reads an essay on ambient sound in the works of Joyce, Yates, and Carver. (Key West Literary Seminar 2008)
Narrative 10 Interview with Ann Beattie at Narrative Magazine, Fall 2014.
Online New Yorker story Coping Stones
Online New Yorker story The Rabbit Hole As Likely Explanation
1947 births
Living people
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American short story writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American short story writers
21st-century American women writers
American University alumni
American women novelists
American women short story writers
Artists from Washington, D.C.
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Harvard College faculty
Members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters
Minimalist writers
The New Yorker people
Novelists from Connecticut
Novelists from Maryland
Novelists from Massachusetts
Novelists from Virginia
PEN/Malamud Award winners
People from Chevy Chase, Maryland
University of Connecticut alumni
University of Connecticut faculty
University of Virginia faculty
Woodrow Wilson High School (Washington, D.C.) alumni
Writers from Charlottesville, Virginia
Writers from Washington, D.C.
American women academics
Traveller Liquors Limited is a distiller based in Belize. The company produces a variety of different liquors, specializing in aged rum.
History
Traveller Liquors began providing Belizeans and visitors assortments of distilled products in 1953. The company was founded by Master Blender Omario Perdomo. The company gained its name from the success it achieved in serving travellers along the main route to and from Belize City.
In 1992, the company completely upgraded its distillation facility, stepping away from other distilleries which use acids to speed up the fermentation process. For its rum products, Travellers employs high-test molasses with natural fermentation, coupled with a double-distillation method for smoother taste. Apart from traditional distilled products like rum and vodka, Travellers also produces liqueurs and wines from Belizean fruits and is the only Belizean refinery that does this.
In 1995, Travellers passed standards set for vodka by the U. S. Bureau of Tobacco, Alcohol & Firearms, clearing the way for its first shipment of 1,600 gallons of Cane Juice Vodka to the U. S. for sale in 39 states. A year later, Travellers captured two awards at the Annual Rum Tasting contest, the only company of the 131 who entered to win in two major categories.
It was in 2005 that the first shipment of One Barrel rum came to the United States. A single pallet of 75 cases was delivered to H A P L.L.C. in Mesa, Arizona. From those humble beginnings One Barrel has grown to be distributed in over twenty states.
Products
Traveller specializes in producing aged dark rums. These are distilled from fermented molasses and aged in charred oak casks. The most well-known is One Barrel Rum which is aged for one year. One Barrel is available in the US and Canada, as well as Belize. Travellers also produces gold rums, white rums, flavored rums, brandies, vodkas, wines, gins, and various liqueurs.
Production
Traveller Liquors distillery is located in Belmopan, the capital city of Belize. Traveller uses local molasses, fermented and distilled in a triple column continuous still. The aging shed is in Belize City. Business offices, the bottling plant and shipping are also at the main facility in Belize City.
Awards
In 2006, One Barrel Rum won a Gold Medal in the dark rum category at the first annual International Cane Spirits Competition.
In 2007, it won the Best of Category Gold at the second annual International Cane Spirits Competition.
In 2015, One Barrel Rum won a Gold Award at the 72nd annual Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America Convention & Exposition.
References
External links
Official One Barrel Rum website
Belizemagazine.com: Happy Hour - Cocktail including One Barrel Rum
Globalrums.com: US importer of One Barrel Rum
Distilleries in Belize
Belmopan
Rums
Food and drink companies established in 1953
1953 establishments in British Honduras
Belizean brands
Peru took part in the inaugural FIFA World Cup in 1930 and enjoyed victories in the 1938 Bolivarian Games and the 1939 Copa América, with goalkeeper Juan Valdivieso and forwards Teodoro Fernández and Alejandro Villanueva playing important roles.
Peruvian football's successful period in the 1970s brought it worldwide recognition; the team then included the formidable forward partnership of Hugo Sotil and Teófilo Cubillas, and defender Héctor Chumpitaz. This team qualified for three World Cups and won the Copa América in 1975.
Teófilo Cubillas was selected as Peru's greatest ever player in an IFFHS poll, in which he was also included in the world's Top 50. He is one of only two players to have scored five goals in two different FIFA World Cups.
List of Peru international footballers
The following is a list of football players that have been part of the Peru national football team since the team was officially created in 1927, with more than 50 caps.
Names in bold are players still active to be called-up.
Caps and goals updated as of 13 June 2022.
See also
List of Peru national football team managers
Peruvian Football Federation
References
External links
Peruvian Football Federation
Peru
Association football player non-biographical articles
Master (, also Romanized as Māster and Māstar; also known as Moassar) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 675, in 212 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The Super Retro Trio is a video game console clone manufactured by Retro-Bit. It is able to play NES, Super NES, and Genesis cartridges, and an optional adapter for the console is available which allows it to play Game Boy and Game Boy Advance games.
Development
The console was announced on February 4, 2014. The system was released later that year, and followed by an improved model in 2018.
Reception
PC World reviewer Will Greenwald praised the console's compatibility both in the range of console games it supports and in its ability to replicate the console hardware; however, he did note that the console seemed "flimsy" and that it does not support HDMI or scale to higher resolutions.
References
Video game consoles
Backward-compatible video game consoles
"Darlin' Darlin' Baby (Sweet, Tender, Love)" was a hit song by R&B vocal trio The O'Jays released in late 1976 and written and produced by Kenny Gamble & Leon Huff.
Released as the follow-up single to "Message in Our Music", it was their second number-one R&B single from the album Message in the Music, and was less successful on the Billboard Hot 100 than the trio's previous release, peaking at number 72.
Chart positions
Samples
In 1997, Bronx born rapper Big Pun sampled "Darlin' Darlin' Baby" for the first version of his breakout hit "I'm Not a Player." The O'Jays make a cameo in the music video.
References
1976 singles
The O'Jays songs
Songs written by Leon Huff
Songs written by Kenny Gamble
1976 songs
Philadelphia International Records singles
John Samuel Phene FRGS, FSA, FRIBA (1822 – 11 March 1912) was a British architect, who lived in Chelsea, London, for more than 50 years.
Biography
He was born the son of William Phene, a London businessman and educated at King's Lynn Grammar School, Durham University and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was then articled to architect R. A. Hardwick.
Phene married Margaretta Forsyth (1827–1901) in 1847, but before long she moved to live in France. An apocryphal story reports that his wife died on her wedding day, leading to Phene preserving the room in the mansion where the reception had been held. He subsequently inherited land in Chelsea, and built Margaretta Terrace and Phene Street, including the Phene Arms.
Phene designed the new wing of the Royal Free Hospital in Gray's Inn Road in the late 1850s. He was granted fellowship of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1872, and was a founder Fellow of the Huguenot Society in 1886.
In 1903, he constructed a five-storey house at No. 2 Upper Cheyne Row, Chelsea, adorning it with a variety of fixtures and ornaments, which led to it being called "Gingerbread Castle". He became well known in the local area as an eccentric, which led to some people thinking he was involved in the "black arts". He spent little time in London, preferring to travel the world collecting various interesting artefacts and artwork, and filled the mansion's gardens with numerous statues and ornaments.
Phene died in 1912 aged 90, and the mansion was demolished in 1924, having never been completed. The site of this is now 4–14 (inclusive) Upper Cheyne Row and 47–51 Glebe Place. His name is still commemorated in The Phene, the local Chelsea pub he designed that was built in 1850, which sports a picture of the Gingerbread Mansion.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Dave Walker, "Dr Phene in his garden", The Library Time Machine – Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Local Studies
"Phene, J.S." – Royal Geographical Society archives
1822 births
1912 deaths
Alumni of Durham University
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Architects from London
Fellows of the Royal Geographical Society
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
People from Chelsea, London
Sinostega ("Chinese roof") is an extinct genus of early "tetrapod" from the Late Devonian of China.
The fossil was discovered in the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, northwest China, and consist of a fragmentary lower jawbone measuring 7 cm in length. It is the first Devonian tetrapod to be found in Asia.
References
Zhu, M., Ahlberg, P. E., Zhao, W., and Jia, L.. 2002. "First Devonian tetrapod from Asia." Nature 420:760.
External links
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2002/12/1218_021218_tetrapod.html
http://english.cas.ac.cn/Eng2003/page/SRA/D_3.htm
Prehistoric tetrapod genera
Devonian animals of Asia
Fossils of China
Ichthyostegalia
"Angry Andy" is the twenty-first episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office. It was written by Justin Spitzer and directed by Claire Scanlon. The episode aired on NBC in the United States on April 19, 2012.
The series—presented as if it were a real documentary—depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania, branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. In this episode, Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) returns to the office to find Nellie Bertram (Catherine Tate) in the manager's chair. After throwing an extreme tantrum and punching a hole in the wall, Andy is fired. Meanwhile, Kelly is forced to choose between Ryan Howard (B. J. Novak) and a new man, Ravi (Sendhil Ramamurthy).
The episode received a lukewarm response from critics. According to Nielsen Media Research, "Angry Andy" was viewed by an estimated 4.35 million viewers and received a 2.2 rating/6% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49, making it, at the time, the lowest-rated episode of The Office to air. The episode ranked second in its timeslot and was also the highest-rated NBC series of the night.
Plot
Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) returns to Dunder Mifflin with Erin Hannon (Ellie Kemper) to find Nellie Bertram (Catherine Tate) in the manager's chair. Andy enlists Robert California (James Spader) to give Andy his job back, but Nellie refuses to relinquish the job. Robert backs out of the situation, due to his sexual desire for Nellie. Nellie further asserts her authority when she orders Angela Lipton (Angela Kinsey) to dock Andy's paycheck twice, and she complies. This causes Andy to have sexual performance difficulties with Erin. Erin asks Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) if he had similar problems after his loss of the manager position, which he denies. After Dwight tells Nellie that she has affected Andy's sex life, she begins to feel guilty. She holds a meeting where the office workers share advice on how to sexually perform with Andy, when it is revealed the meeting is about him. After the meeting, when Nellie makes another innuendo about Andy's problems, Erin loses her temper by yelling at Nellie to shut up, throwing her office phone to the ground, followed by Nellie's memo forms, pens, and her caramel. This gives Andy, filled with anger, the freedom to vent by throwing his desk chair at Robert, smashing Nellie's picture frame to the ground, and finally punching his hand through the wall (as he has done once before). When Robert then chooses Nellie as regional manager, Andy refuses to accept a demotion by saying "no" too many times in a calm way, and a surprised Robert fires him. Though he now has no job, Andy regains his sense of self-confidence and is once again able to perform.
Kelly Kapoor (Mindy Kaling) is forced to choose between Ryan Howard (B. J. Novak) and a new man, Ravi (Sendhil Ramamurthy). Pam Halpert (Jenna Fischer) set up Kelly and Ravi, her daughter Cece's pediatrician, in hopes of Kelly finally moving on from Ryan. Ryan makes several attempts to get back with Kelly, though everyone finds the attempts pathetic because he can not even say he truly loves her and wants to be with her always (he keeps qualifying all of his feelings for her) and even admits he would prefer she not is with anyone else if she is not going to be with him. Warehouse worker Nate (Mark Proksch) even states that he prefers Ravi to Ryan, despite having never met Ravi and only knowing Ryan (whom he calls Brian) from their brief interaction. Pam eventually says that he is not a nice person, and Oscar Martinez (Oscar Nunez) says he is not boyfriend material. Ryan tells the office he has a love poem for her, which Kelly has no interest in reading. As the staff are heading outside the building to go home, they see Ryan sitting on a steed professing his love (again, in insultingly hedging terms) to Kelly. She responds by saying she is in love with Ravi and hopes to stay friends with Ryan. They hug goodbye, which turns into a make-out session. The episode closes with Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) and Pam finding and reading Ryan's love poem. Initially scoffing, they are both noticeably moved by it. Tearing up, Jim informs the camera crew that Ryan can never know of the incident.
Production
"Angry Andy" was written by Justin Spitzer, his second writing credit for the season after "Garden Party". The episode was directed by Claire Scanlon, her first credit for the series. The episode guest stars Sendhil Ramamurthy as Ravi, Pam and Jim's pediatrician. Before the premiere of the episode, it was revealed that Ramamurthy would be introduced as a new romantic interest for Mindy Kaling's character Kelly Kapoor. Writer B. J. Novak explained that Ryan and Kelly "go through a heart-wrenching break-up [and the two] end up becoming bitter enemies in the office when she falls in love with an Indian doctor. He's very handsome and a much, much better match for Kelly than Ryan is." TV Fanatic predicted that Ramamurthy's appearance in the show was done so that Kaling could exit the program, due to her commitment to her Fox series The Mindy Project.
Reception
Ratings
"Angry Andy" originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 26, 2012. The episode was viewed by an estimated 4.35 million viewers and received a 2.2 rating/6% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that it was seen by 2.2% of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 6% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. In addition, the episode was, at the time, the lowest-rated episode of the series to air, beating the previous episode, "Welcome Party", which gathered 4.39 million viewers. The episode finished second in its time slot, being beaten by Grey's Anatomy which received a 3.3 rating/9%. The episode beat the Fox series Touch and The CW drama series The Secret Circle, as well as a re-run of the CBS drama Person of Interest. Despite this, "Angry Andy" was the highest-rated NBC television episode of the night.
Reviews
Critical reception to the episode was largely mixed. Myles McNutt of The A.V. Club awarded the entry a "C" and thoroughly criticized Nellie's "hostile takeover" of the Scranton branch, calling it "utterly ridiculous". McNutt also called most of the humorous moments in the episode "too familiar", noting that Andy's punching of a wall had already happened on the show. Cindy White of IGN gave the episode a 7.5 out of 10, denoting a "good" episode, but noted that the show's need to feature a direct flash back to "The Return" only "highlights the lack of [Andy's] character continuity" and concluded that the scene came out "a bit contrived."
M. Giant from Television Without Pity awarded the episode a "C+". Joseph Kratzer of WhatCulture! gave the episode a largely negative review and awarded it two stars out of five. He criticized the plot invoking Nellie taking the manager position away, as well as Erin's outburst, saying "it was warranted but disingenuous". Dan Forcella of TV Fanatic awarded the episode three-and-a-half-stars out of five and noted that the return of Andy's anger issues was a "pleasant change of pace". He concluded that the episode's physical comedy elevated it, ultimately making it "certainly an improvement on last week's episode ['Welcome Party']". Screencrave reviewer Jeffrey Hyatt awarded the episode a seven out ten but noted that Andy's return and his meltdown "didn't wow me", but that his increased ego was impressive.
Critical reception to the episode's subplot involving Kelly and Ryan was largely positive. McNutt called Novak's acting "some of [his] the best work in a long time". He called the plot's conclusion "the sort of screwed up situation that The Office'' does well". White wrote that "If it weren't for [Kelly and Ravi's] story ... I might have written this clumsy episode off entirely." Forcella enjoyed the plot, praising the ending due to the fact that it concluded with "boos and hisses". However, he was confused with the casting, noting that "why bring Sendhil Ramamurthy in for one scene? ... He seems more like someone you bring in for a multi-episode arc." Hyatt lauded the scenes, and wrote "the Ryan-Kelly stuff I give a 10/10."
References
External links
"Angry Andy" at NBC.com
2012 American television episodes
The Office (American season 8) episodes
Aikma is a village in Indaw Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma. A river runs to the west of the village
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Indaw Township
Fred Jesse Russell (1916 – January 9, 2007) was an American businessman and diplomat. He served as the United States Ambassador to Denmark under President Richard Nixon. In 1970, Russell was named Under Secretary for the Department of the Interior and replaced Russell E. Train. He was first named deputy director of the Office of Emergency Preparedness after his help in the 1968 Presidential Election.
References
1916 births
2007 deaths
Ambassadors of the United States to Denmark
United States Department of the Interior officials
Saint Aristaces also known as Aristakes () was assigned by St. Gregory I the Enlightener as the next Armenian Catholicos in line of Armenia's Holy Apostolic Church, to stabilize and continue strengthening Christianity not only in Armenia, but also in the Caucasus Albania and Anatolia. He was the second son of St. Gregory I the Enlightener to his wife Miriam and his older brother was Vrtanes. At the time, the position was hereditary and assigned to the Parthian dynasty.
Gregory also placed and instructed his grandson Gregory (Aristaces' nephew and one of the sons of his brother Vrtanes) in charge of the holy missions to the peoples and tribes of all of Caucasian Albania. His nephew was martyred by a fanatical mob, while preaching in Albania. After reaching his late eighties St. Gregory I the Enlightener withdrew to a small sanctuary near Mount Sebuh (Mt. Sepuh) in the Daranali province (Manyats Ayr, Upper Armenia) with a small convent of monks, where he remained until his death. Aristaces governed from 325 until 333.
See also
Gregorids
330s deaths
Armenian saints
Catholicoi of Armenia
Year of birth unknown
Saints of the Armenian Apostolic Church
Programming languages can be grouped by the number and types of paradigms supported.
Paradigm summaries
A concise reference for the programming paradigms listed in this article.
Concurrent programming – have language constructs for concurrency, these may involve multi-threading, support for distributed computing, message passing, shared resources (including shared memory), or futures
Actor programming – concurrent computation with actors that make local decisions in response to the environment (capable of selfish or competitive behavior)
Constraint programming – relations between variables are expressed as constraints (or constraint networks), directing allowable solutions (uses constraint satisfaction or simplex algorithm)
Dataflow programming – forced recalculation of formulas when data values change (e.g. spreadsheets)
Declarative programming – describes what a computation should perform, without specifying detailed state changes c.f. imperative programming (functional and logic programming are major subgroups of declarative programing)
Distributed programming – have support for multiple autonomous computers that communicate via computer networks
Functional programming – uses evaluation of mathematical functions and avoids state and mutable data
Generic programming – uses algorithms written in terms of to-be-specified-later types that are then instantiated as needed for specific types provided as parameters
Imperative programming – explicit statements that change a program state
Logic programming – uses explicit mathematical logic for programming
Metaprogramming – writing programs that write or manipulate other programs (or themselves) as their data, or that do part of the work at compile time that would otherwise be done at runtime
Template metaprogramming – metaprogramming methods in which templates are used by a compiler to generate temporary source code, which is merged by the compiler with the rest of the source code and then compiled
Reflective programming – metaprogramming methods in which a program modifies or extends itself
Object-oriented programming – uses data structures consisting of data fields and methods together with their interactions (objects) to design programs
Class-based – object-oriented programming in which inheritance is achieved by defining classes of objects, versus the objects themselves
Prototype-based – object-oriented programming that avoids classes and implements inheritance via cloning of instances
Pipeline programming – a simple syntax change to add syntax to nest function calls to language originally designed with none
Rule-based programming – a network of rules of thumb that comprise a knowledge base and can be used for expert systems and problem deduction & resolution
Visual programming – manipulating program elements graphically rather than by specifying them textually (e.g. Simulink); also termed diagrammatic programming
Language overview
See also
Programming paradigm
Categorical list of programming languages
Domain-specific programming language
Domain-specific multimodeling
Notes
Citations
References
Jim Coplien, Multiparadigm Design for C++, Addison-Wesley Professional, 1998.
Programming paradigms
Programming language comparisons
HMS Quorn, the third ship of this name, was a of the Royal Navy. She was launched on 23 January 1988, as the last ship of her class.
Operational history
On 18 March 2007, she was presented with the Freedom of the Borough scroll in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire.
From May 2011 to September 2014, Quorn was deployed to the Persian Gulf as part of the Royal Navy's permanent presence in the region. Based in Bahrain, Quorns crew changed every eight months enabling the ship to remain on station for a prolonged period without the costs associated with returning to the United Kingdom. During the deployment, Quorn was "twinned" with American minehunter .
Quorn spent the late spring and summer of 2015 on deployment in northern European waters, including the Baltic Sea as part of Standing NATO Mine Countermeasures Group One (SNMCMG1). During the deployment, she took part in Exercise Joint Warrior off Scotland, BALTOPS 2015 alongside HM Ships and and Kiel Week before returning to Portsmouth in July.
After spending a period alongside in extended readiness, Quorn was lifted out of the water into the "Minor War Vessels Centre of Specialisation"; the former shipbuilding hall at HMNB Portsmouth in December 2016. However, in October 2017 it was revealed that her planned refit would not take place, and Quorn would be decommissioned on 14 December 2017.
Lithuanian Navy
On 30 April 2020 Defence Equipment Services announced she had been sold for £1 million to the Lithuanian Navy. In July 2022 the Ministry of Defence announced that Harland & Wolff Appledore had been awarded the £55 million contract to renovate and restore the ship to an operational state.
Affiliations
Ipswich, Suffolk
Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire
Quorn, Leicestershire
The Quorn Hunt
References
External links
Hunt-class mine countermeasures vessels
1988 ships
Gilé District is a district of Zambezia Province in Mozambique.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Zambezia Province
The 2012–13 Surinamese Hoofdklasse was the 80th season of the SVB Hoofdklasse, the highest football league competition of Suriname. The season began in October 2012, and finished in June 2013.
League table
Regular season stage
References
SVB Eerste Divisie seasons
1
Surinam
Central Gymkhana Ground is a multi purpose stadium in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India. The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
The stadium hosted four first-class matches from 1961 when Madhya Pradesh cricket team played against Pakistan cricket team in a tour match. until 1965. Since then the ground has hosted non-first-class matches.
References
External links
Cricinfo profile
Cricketarchive.com
Sports venues in Madhya Pradesh
Sports venues in Indore
Sports in Indore
Cricket grounds in Madhya Pradesh
Multi-purpose stadiums in India
Sport in Madhya Pradesh
Sports venues completed in 1960
1960 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
German submarine U-53 was a Type VIIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down on 13 March 1937 at Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft in Kiel and went into service on 24 June 1939 under the command of Oberleutnant zur See (Oblt.z.S.) Dietrich Knorr.
Design
German Type VIIB submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIA submarines. U-53 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. She had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN M 6 V 40/46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two AEG GU 460/8-276 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . U-53 was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, 220 rounds, and one anti-aircraft gun The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
Service history
First patrol
U-53 began her first patrol on 29 August 1939, just prior to the outbreak of the Second World War, under the command of Ernst-Günter Heinicke. Also aboard was Ernst Sobe, the commander of the 7th ("Wegener") Flotilla. U-53 sank two British ships on this patrol: the tanker SS Cheyenne and the freighter SS Kafiristan.
Second patrol
A second patrol under Heinicke, beginning on 21 October produced no results. U-53, along with and , was to penetrate the Strait of Gibraltar and raid Allied shipping in the Mediterranean Sea. Daunted by the strong British forces at the straits, Heinicke did not attempt to force them and was transferred to the merchant raider on his return to Germany.
Third patrol
Harald Grosse replaced Heinicke for U-53s third and final war patrol, which began on 2 February 1940. Grosse sank six ships for , including the Spanish neutral Banderas, whose sinking strained relations between Germany and Spain. On 23 or 24 February (sources vary), U-53 was engaged and sunk by depth charges dropped by the British destroyer west of the Orkney Islands with the loss of all hands, (42 dead).
In popular culture
In the 1953 film The Cruel Sea U53 was the last (of two) submarine the crew of the fictitious frigate HMS Saltash Castle sank.
In the film Eye of the Needle U-53 is the escape U-boat of the Needle (played by Donald Sutherland) waiting offshore. This is supposed to happen in 1944 in the timeline of the film.
In the 1958 film I Was Monty's Double U-53 is the U-boat which drops off the German commandos attempting to kidnap who they think is General Montgomery (actually his double played by M.E. Clifton James).
In the 1959 British comedy film Don't Panic Chaps U-53 is depicted as the submarine that surfaces to pick up the "stranded" German forces on an unnamed Adriatic Island.
Summary of raiding history
References
Bibliography
External links
German Type VIIB submarines
World War II submarines of Germany
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
1939 ships
U-boats commissioned in 1939
Ships built in Kiel
Ships lost with all hands
U-boats sunk in 1940
U-boats sunk by British warships
U-boats sunk by depth charges
Maritime incidents in February 1940
Carl Fremont Brand (October 8, 1892 – March 27, 1981) was an American historian. He was a professor of history at Stanford University for thirty-four years, and was one of the leading American authorities on the history of the British Labour Party. His books, British Labour's Rise to Power (1941) and The British Labour Party (1964), are regarded as definitive works in this field. He built the Hoover Institution's collection of Labour Party documents, long recognized as the finest collection outside of the United Kingdom.
Early life and education
Brand was born in Greenfield, Indiana. He was the only child of Charles Samuel Brand, a glassworker, and Jessie Fremont Davis, a homemaker, musician and artist, whose name reflected her family's admiration of General John C. Fremont and his wife, Jessie. The first member of his family to go to college, Carl received a degree from Indiana University Bloomington in 1915, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Although he majored in history, he was a teaching assistant in music during his senior year. He served as director of the Marching Hundred, the famous Big Ten marching band, in which he played the clarinet. In 1914 he became Chief Musician, with the rank of sergeant, when the band was mustered into the Indiana National Guard. In 1916 the band, including Carl, was sent to the Mexican Border following Pancho Villa's raid.
Career
Brand earned a master's degree in 1916. His thesis, "The Know-Nothing Party in Indiana," was later published serially in the Indiana Magazine of History (1922), and is still cited by scholars today. After teaching high school for a year, he began to study for a Ph.D in English history at Harvard University under Professor C. H. McIlwain. He also studied with Frederick Jackson Turner, Sidney B. Wayne, Robert Howard Lord, and Harold Laski. After teaching at Smith College he traveled to Europe to research his dissertation, The Movement for Parliamentary Reform in England 1832-67 (1923) at the British Museum and the London School of Economics. In London he met and was influenced by R. H. Tawney, and Sidney Webb and Beatrice Webb, as well as, once again, Harold Laski, who had returned to London after having been dismissed from Harvard for supporting the Boston Police Strike.
For three years Brand was an instructor in English history at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. In 1924 he became an assistant professor at Stanford teaching English history, then an associate professor in 1930 and a professor in 1940. He retired from Stanford in 1958, after thirty-four years. He was proud that he had taught at Stanford for half of its existence.
Oriental rug collection
On a month-long visit to Istanbul in 1928, Brand began what was to become a lifelong collection of oriental rugs. While exploring the bazaar, he made the fortuitous acquaintance of Rudolf Riefstahl, the American pioneer in the appreciation of Turkish and Persian rugs for their artistic value. Also advised by another early American expert, Arthur Upham Pope, Brand concentrated on Turkish and Persian, as well as Caucasian and Turkmen carpets, handmade before the use of aniline dyes. He eventually acquired a collection of many dozens at its greatest extent. Large bales purchased for relatively small amounts of money would arrive in California still redolent of the camels that had transported them in Persia and Turkey. One noteworthy prayer rug from Dagestan had a woven-in date equivalent to 1814/15 AD. Rare embroidered Uzbekistan Susanis made by young girls for their bridal chests have appreciated greatly in value.
Personal life
In 1930 Brand was married to Nan Alwida Surface, the daughter of Dr. Frank M. Surface, a director under Herbert Hoover in the Department of Commerce, and later an executive with Standard Oil of New Jersey (now part of ExxonMobil). The Brands had three sons, Charles in 1932, Robert in 1934, and Donald in 1937.
During World War II, the family sent some 1,600 bundles of food and clothing, collected from students and friends, to Britain over six years. Their home near the Stanford campus became known as a center of hospitality for holiday parties. Great effort was put into the creation of a locally famous garden, noted especially for its roses. Many years later the property was sold to the physicist Edward Teller.
Professor Brand died at Stanford University Hospital in 1981 after a brief illness. He was 88 years old.
Selected bibliography
"The History of the Know Nothing Party in Indiana," The Indiana Magazine of History (1922) 18: 47-81, 177-206, 266-306. JSTOR
"The Conversion of the British Trade-Unions to Political Action," The American Historical Review (1925) 30: 251-270. http://ahr.oxfordjournals.org/content/by/year
"Peace Programmes of the British Labor Party," (Also known as "The War Aims and Peace Programs of British Labor"), Proceedings of the Pacific Coast Branch of the American Historical Association January 1926: 62-72.
"An Early Nineteenth Century View of Magna Carta," The American Historical Review (1927) 32: 793-794. http://ahr.oxfordjournals.org/content/by/year
"British Labor and the War-Time Coalitions," The American Historical Review (April 1930) 35: 522-541. http://ahr.oxfordjournals.org/content/by/year
"The Reaction of British Labor to the Polices of President Wilson During the World War," The American Historical Review (January 1933) 38: 263-285. http://ahr.oxfordjournals.org/content/by/year
"British Labour and the International during the World War," Journal of Modern History (March 1936) 8: 40-63. JSTOR
"The Attitude of British Labor Toward President Wilson During the Peace Conference," The American Historical Review (January 1937) 42: 244-255. http://ahr.oxfordjournals.org/content/by/year
British Labor's Rise to Power: Eight Studies, The Hoover Library on War, Revolution, and Peace, Publication No. 17. (Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1941.) 305 pp.
"British Labor and Soviet Russia," The South Atlantic Quarterly 48 (1949), 329-340.
"Democracy in Great Britain," Pacific Historical Review 19 (May 1950) 113-126. Presidential Address to the Pacific Coast Branch of the American Historical Association, read at Mills College, December 1949. Reprinted, without notes, in R.L.Schuyler and H. Ausubel, ed., The Making of English History (New York, The Dryden Press, 1952), 677-686.
"The British General Election of 1950," The South Atlantic Quarterly 50 (1951), 478-498.
"The British General Election of 1951," The South Atlantic Quarterly 52 (1953), 29-53.
"Britain's Solution of the Problem of Empire," The South Atlantic Quarterly 53 (1954), 313-326.
"British Conservatism and Social Politics," The South Atlantic Quarterly 54 (1955), 11-28.
"The British General Election of 1955," The South Atlantic Quarterly 55 (1956), 289-312.
"The British Labor Party and Nationalization," The South Atlantic Quarterly 58 (1959), 153-166.
"The British General Election of 1959," The South Atlantic Quarterly 59 (1960), 521-542.
The British Labour Party: A Short History. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1964. 340 pp. Revised Ed. (Stanford, CA: Hoover Institution Press, 1974), 424 pp.
"The British General Election of 1964," The South Atlantic Quarterly 64 (1965), 332-350.
"The British General Election of 1966," The South Atlantic Quarterly 66 (1967), 129-147.
"The British General Election of 1970," The South Atlantic Quarterly 70 (1971), 350-364.
Notes
References
"Carl Brand, Stanford Professor, Authority on British Labor," Obituary. New York Times, March 27, 1981, accessed January 19, 2014.
"Guide to the Carl F. Brand Papers in the Stanford University Library (20 linear feet)." Online Archive of California, an initiative of the California Digital Library. Copyright 2009 The Regents of the University of California, accessed January 19, 2014. http://www.oac.cdlib.org/findaid/ark:/13030/kt7r29s0wc/
Snyder, Rixford K., et al. "Memorial Resolution: Carl Fremont Brand (1892-1981), History Department, Stanford University, accessed January 19, 2014. https://web.archive.org/web/20110727044118/http://histsoc.stanford.edu/pdfmem/BrandC.pdf
External links
1892 births
1981 deaths
Stanford University faculty
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
Smith College faculty
20th-century American historians
20th-century American male writers
University of Michigan faculty
American male non-fiction writers
Discontented Husbands is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Edward LeSaint and written by Evelyn Campbell that was released by Columbia Pictures. The film stars James Kirkwood, Cleo Madison, and Grace Darmond. The film was released on January 15, 1924.
Cast
James Kirkwood as Michael Frazer
Cleo Madison as Jane Frazer
Grace Darmond as Emily Ballard
Arthur Rankin as Dick Everton
Vernon Steele as Jack Ballard
Carmelita Geraghty as Marcia Frazer
Muriel McCormac as Baby Ballard
Preservation
The film is now considered lost.
References
External links
1924 drama films
1924 films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Columbia Pictures films
Lost American films
1924 lost films
Lost drama films
Films directed by Edward LeSaint
1920s American films
The Women's Giant Slalom World Cup 2021/2022 consisted of 9 events including the final. Overall World Cup leader Mikaela Shiffrin from the United States, who started out in the early lead in this discipline, contracted COVID-19 at the end of 2021 and missed the post-Christmas giant slalom, then Shiffrin lost the lead in this discipline to Sara Hector of Sweden in the first race in 2022. Hector continued to hold the lead in the discipline into March, as 2017 discipline champion Tessa Worley of France emerged as her main late-season competition. Going into the final, Hector held only a five point lead over Worley. Shiffrin held a huge lead of almost a second after the first run and seemed likely to win the title, but she shockingly melted down in the second run, finishing seventh and handing the season title to Worley.
The World Cup final was held on Sunday, 20 March in the linked resorts of Courchevel and Méribel, France, which are located in Les Trois Vallées, on the Roc de Fer course at Méribel. Only the top 25 skiers in the World Cup giant slalom discipline and the winner of the Junior World Championship, plus athletes who have scored at least 500 points in the World Cup overall classification for the season, are eligible to compete in the final, and only the top 15 earn World Cup points.
Standings
DNS = Did Not Start
DNQ = Did Not Qualify for run 2
DNF1 = Did Not Finish run 1
DNF2 = Did Not Finish run 2
See also
2021–22 World Cup – Women's rankings
2022 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Overall
2022 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Downhill
2022 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Super-G
2022 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Slalom
2022 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Parallel
References
External links
Alpine Skiing at FIS website
Women's giant slalom
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup women's giant slalom discipline titles
Motorman may refer to:
Motorman (rail transportation), a rail vehicle operator
Motorman (ship), a member of a ship's engine department responsible for maintaining the ship's systems
Motorman (drilling), a member of an offshore drilling crew responsible for engines on an oil rig
Motorman, a 1972 novel by David Ohle
See also
Operation Motorman, a military operation in 1972 by the British Army in Northern Ireland
Operation Motorman (ICO investigation), a 2003 investigation into data use by the British press
Jan Stanisław Jabłonowski of the Prus III coat of arms (1669 - 28 April 1731 in Lviv) was a Polish political writer who was a maternal uncle of King Stanisław I Leszczyński, under whom he served as Crown Chancellor in 1706–09. He also held the positions of Crown standard-holder from 1687, voivode-governor of Volhynia since 1693, and also voivode-governor of Ruthenia from 1697.
He was the son of Marianna Kazanowska and Stanisław Jan Jabłonowski. Through them he was the brother of Aleksander, Stanisław, Jadwiga, and Anna. Through Anna, he was the uncle of King Stanisław Leszczyński and grand-uncle of Queen Maria Leszczyńska.
Despite this family relationship, in 1704, he took part in the Confederation of Sandomierz which supported Augustus II the Strong against his nephew. After Augustus was dethroned, he was suggested as a possible candidate, but never put himself forward; as part of the Northern Wars, Stanisław I Leszczyński was already supported by Karl XII. After this he went to Saxony, only switching his support to his nephew in 1706, after which he was appointed Chancellor. On his behalf, in 1713, he sought to dethrone Augustus, for which he was arrested on 7 August and released in 1717 by the Silent Sejm.
He was an avid art patron, responsible for bringing Augustyn Mirys to the country. He was also a recipient of the Order of the White Eagle and of the Spanish Order of the Golden Fleece.
He is portrayed in the novel Za Sasów of Józef Ignacy Kraszewski as a philosopher concerned for the fate of his country.
References
Jabłonowski family
1669 births
1731 deaths
Voivodes of the Ruthenian Voivodeship
Volhynian voivodes
Ruthenian nobility of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
Polish political writers
17th-century Polish poets
18th-century Polish–Lithuanian writers
It Is Never Too Late to Mend is a 1913 American silent film version of the 1856 novel by Charles Reade. The film was released by the Edison Company.
References
External links
1913 films
Films based on British novels
1913 short films
1913 drama films
American silent short films
American black-and-white films
Silent American drama films
1910s American films
Tepuihyla obscura is a frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Bolivar State in Venezuela. Scientists have seen it near summits in the Chimantá Massif, between 1800 and 2600 meters above sea level.
The adult male frogs listed in the original publication measured 32.05 to 37.12 mm in snout-vent length and the adult female frog 26.44 to 33.67 mm. The skin on the frog's back is gray or gray-brown in color with darker marks. The female frog's skin is smooth.
The tadpoles swim in pools where the water is not deep, in puddles in rocks, or in peat bogs.
Scientists believe that this frog was produced by a recent example of non-adaptive radiation.
References
Amphibians of South America
Tepuihyla
Animals described in 2015
Rob Goris (16 March 1982 – 5 July 2012) was a Belgian professional road racing cyclist who rode for UCI Professional Continental Team team .
Before becoming a cyclist he competed at national level in ice hockey. He died of a heart attack in his hotel room in Rouen while visiting the 2012 Tour de France.
Major achievements
2010
1st National Amateur Road Race Championships
1st Antwerpse Havenpijl
References
1982 births
2012 deaths
Belgian male cyclists
Belgian ice hockey players
People from Herentals
Cyclists from Antwerp Province
Go Climb a Tree is the thirteenth album by Celtic band Gaelic Storm. It was released on July 28, 2017.
Track listing
All arrangements by Gaelic Storm.
"The Beer Song" - 3:23
"Shanghai Kelley" - 2:46
"Green, White and Orange" - 4:38
"Monday Morning Girl" - 3:56
"The Night of Tomfoolery" - 3:37
"Shine On" - 4:14
"Already Home" - 4:12
"Back to the Pub" - 2:52
"The Galician Dinky" - 3:56
"Weeping Willow" - 4:53
"Damn Near Died in Killaloe" - 4:35
"Go Climb a Tree" - 3:10
Personnel
Gaelic Storm
Patrick Murphy
Steve Twigger
Ryan Lacey
Peter Purvis
Katie Grennan
References
Gaelic Storm albums
2017 albums
Carlos Benítez (born 8 October 1955) is a Cuban water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1955 births
Living people
Cuban male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Cuba
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sylow-Tournament () was a knockout association football competition contested annually between 1918 and 1926, organised by the Danish FA (DBU), which determined the championship of the representative teams, referred to as Sylow-teams, of the six Danish regional football associations. The competition was held between the selected teams () of Copenhagen FA, Funen FA, Jutland FA, Lolland-Falster FA and Zealand FA for the first three seasons (1918–1920), before being joined by the Bornholm FA team in 1921 and eventually an additional Copenhagen FA team exclusively composed of players from the KBUs A-række competing in 1926. The 1926 season became the last edition of the Sylow Tournament, which was abolished and replaced by a year-long league format for clubs, known as Danmarksmesterskabsturneringen i Fodbold, the following season. The competition was created in 1918 after a proposal from the chairman of the Danish FA, Louis Østrup, modelled after the Landsfodboldturneringen, and named after a previous chairman of the national organisation, Ludvig Sylow.
The matches in the tournament played a major role in the development of association football outside the Danish capital city. The Danish national football team had been playing official matches since 1908, but the roster consisted solely of players from clubs in Copenhagen, who were leading the development of Danish association football until World War II, and a player from a provincial club only first made it on the roster in 1923. The most successful association in the history of the tournament's 9 editions was Sylow-team of the Copenhagen FA, who by default only participated in the final match, was won the only trophy, distributed during the tournament's history, for permanent ownership. The most capped players from the Copenhagen FA were the forwards Viggo Jørgensen (B 1903) and Einard Larsen (KFUMs BK), while the Copenhagen FA top goalscorer in the entire tournament were the forwards Pauli Jørgensen (BK Frem) and Frithjof Steen (B 1903).
History
The creation of the tournament was proposed at an executive Committee meeting on 26 July 1918 by the newly appointed chairman of the Danish FA, Louis Østrup (1918–1935), and named in honour of the departing chairman of the national organisation, Ludvig Sylow (1911–1918). The tournament would be organised and financed by the Danish FA, would be modelled after the club's Landsfodboldturneringen, that had been created five years earlier, and was to be played by the representative teams (; referred to as Sylow-teams) of all 6 regional football associations. On 27 August 1918, the board finally approved of the tournament, which happened after the acceptance of the previous chairman. Initially, the board of the Copenhagen FA had their concerns regarding the new competition, but decided to have a representative team participate. Following the conclusion of the tournament in 1927, the Fredericia Social-Demokrat argued that the major drawbacks surrounding Sylow-matches were to gather the selected teams with players from so many scattered clubs, and making them work as a unit.
In the 1925 final of the tournament, the selection committee decided that the Copenhagen FA team would consist entirely of players from the second highest Copenhagen Football League, the KBUs A-række. The following 1926 tournament, two representative teams for the Copenhagen FA participated in the tournament, all teams composed of players of either the KBUs Mesterskabsrække (almost identical with the national football squad) or the KBUs A-række. The ninth and last edition of the tournament was won by the Copenhagen FA for the fifth time, which meant that the organization obtained five lots and now had the honour of keeping the trophy permanently. The competition was abolished the following season and replaced by the year-long league format for clubs, known as Danmarksmesterskabsturneringen i Fodbold.
Finals
Performance
References
Defunct football cup competitions in Denmark
Moses Williams (1777–c.1825) was an African-American visual artist who was particularly well known as a maker of silhouettes. He was a former slave of the artist Charles Willson Peale.
Early life, slavery, and education
Moses Williams was born in 1777 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Scarborough and Lucy Peale, who were slaves in the home of renowned artist and museum-owner Charles Willson Peale. It is believed that Williams's parents began to work for Peale sometime between 1769 and 1775. In 1786, Peale emancipated Williams's parents, and Williams's father, Scarborough, changed his name to John Williams and passed along his new last name to his son.
Although Williams's parents were freed, the law mandated that the nine-year-old Moses remains in Peale's service until his twenty-seventh birthday and so Williams grew up in the Peale household among Peale's many artistic children, including Rembrandt Peale, Raphaelle Peale, Franklin Peale and Titian Ramsay Peale.
Silhouette maker
Growing up in the Peale household, Williams was instructed in skills that would help him to work at Peale's Museum, including taxidermy, object display, and silhouette-making. As a slave, he was not taught the "higher art" of painting.
After showing skill at silhouette-making, Williams was given a physionotrace machine to make silhouettes, and he continued to work at Peale's Museum as a freed man and a professional silhouettist who made black-and-white paper silhouettes for visitors of the museum.
Williams also created silhouettes of the Peale family, including Charles Willson Peale and his wife, Elizabeth. Williams made over 8,000 silhouettes during his first year working at Peale's Museum. He earned between 6 and 8 cents for every silhouette that he cut. With the money that Williams earned making silhouettes, Williams bought his own home and married.
By 1823, silhouette-cutting as a profession was in decline, and Williams had to sell his home. According to the Author's Note in "The Poison Place, a novel about Moses Williams, he was listed in city directories as a profile cutter until 1833.
Public institutions
Williams' silhouettes can be found in a number of institutions, including the following:
Philadelphia Museum of Art
Museum of Fine Arts, Houston
Library Company of Philadelphia
References
1777 births
1825 deaths
African-American artists
19th-century American artists
Silhouettists
Artists from Philadelphia
18th-century American slaves
Free Negroes
Winterland Productions was a merchandising and licensing company in the pop culture industry. The company, which sold concert T-shirts, music memorabilia, and eventually, official sports team merchandise, was co-founded by legendary concert promoter Bill Graham and music business executive and entrepreneur Dell Furano.
History
Origins
In 1974, Graham and Furano (as well as Furano's brother Dave Furano and Donald Hunt) teamed up to co-found Winterland Productions. According to Dell Furano, who at the time was the manager of the Winterland Ballroom, Grateful Dead's drummer Bill Kreutzmann's wife suggested they set up a table to sell T-shirts in the lobby of the venue after concerts. (The name Winterland Productions referenced the Winterland venue, which was made famous by Graham as a performance site for many famous rock musicians.)
Winterland, which is credited as "the first concert T-shirt manufacturing company," soon became the leading merchandising and licensing company in the early days of the concert industry. The company established its headquarters in San Francisco, where it did all the design, production, warehousing, and shipping of its products.
Rock Express and expansion
In 1984, Winterland created a retail arm, known as Rock Express, which sold T-shirts, posters, buttons, keychains, bumper stickers, decals, and photographs. In 1991, Winterland signed an agreement to have Rock Express merchandise sold in over 100 Sears department store locations throughout the U.S.
In the mid-1980s, Winterland was the sole provider of merchandising for the Live Aid and Farm Aid benefit concerts, as well as Hands Across America and USA for Africa.
Sale to MCA/Universal
In 1988, Graham and Furano sold Winterland Productions to Irving Azoff and MCA/Universal, with Furano staying on as CEO.
In 1989, Winterland Productions (along with Great Southern Productions), sued various parties in the comic book industry over publisher Revolutionary Comics Rock 'N' Roll Comics issues #3 and #4, on Bon Jovi and Mötley Crüe respectively. Both bands had exclusive merchandising deals with Great Southern/Winterland Productions, who got a court injunction prohibiting Revolutionary from distributing the comics.
Winterland grew exponentially in the early 1990s, focusing on custom contract screen printing for pop culture clients like the Hard Rock Cafe, and the Disney Stores, but also apparel manufacturers like Levi Strauss & Co., Donna Karan and The Gap. In addition to its main headquarters in San Francisco, Winterland had an office in London, and distributors/partners in Japan (Dentsu), Australia (ATM), and the U.K. (Ultraviolent). During this period, Winterland's main competitors in the music merchandising/licensing business were the Brockum Group (Toronto), Giant Merchandise (Los Angeles), Great Southern Company (Los Angeles), and Nice Man Merchandising (Minneapolis).
In 1993, Furano left Winterland to found Sony Signatures, the entertainment merchandise, licensing, and consumer products division of Sony Corporation. (Graham had died in 1991).
Sale to MML Inc. and bankruptcy
In 1996, MCA sold Winterland to businessman Mort Lapidus' MML Inc., an East Coast holding company. According to a 1996 article in the San Francisco Examiner, at that point the company held "merchandising rights to pop stars such as Alanis Morissette, Eric Clapton, Madonna, and Boyz II Men, as well as Led Zeppelin, the Doors and the late Jerry Garcia." It also owned "apparel licensing rights to film and TV properties including Jurassic Park, Pulp Fiction, The Flintstones, Clueless, Star Trek, and Twister."
In 1998, Winterland acquired local competitor Turbo Productions.
By the turn of the 21st century, however, Winterland Productions was in bankruptcy.
Furano reacquisition
In early 2002, Dell Furano, along with Donald Hunt, bought back Winterland, the company he helped start, for more than $10 million.
In 2008 Furano sold what was now called Signatures Network, Inc. (including Winterland) to Live Nation Entertainment, with Furano assuming the role of CEO of Live Nation Merchandise. The Winterland brand was finally retired in 2011.
References
External links
"The History and Timeline of the Winterland T-Shirt Tag: 1974-2011," Defunkd (July 7, 2021).
Winterland Productions Promo Video, YouTube — originally produced in the 1980s
1974 establishments in California
Companies based in San Francisco
Entertainment companies based in California
Entertainment companies established in 1974
Merchandising
Snowboy (a.k.a. Mark Cotgrove) is an English percussionist, bandleader, DJ and journalist.
Discography
Albums
Ritmo Snowbo (Acid Jazz, 1989)
Descarga Mambito (Acid Jazz, 1991)
Something's Coming (Acid Jazz, 1993)
Pit Bull Latin Jazz (Acid Jazz, 1995)
The Soul of Snowboy (Acid Jazz, 1995)
Mambo Rage (Ubiquity, 1998)
Afro Cuban Jazz (Ubiquity, 2000)
The Hi-Hat: The True Jazz Dance Sessions (Ocho, 2000)
Para Puente (Ubiquity, 2002)
New Beginnings (Chillifunk, 2004)
Communications (Freestyle, 2009)
New York Afternoon (Snowboy Records, 2016)
Singles
Bring on the Beat / When Snowboys Rocking the Mike / Guaguanco R.J.
Mambo Teresa / Wild Spirit
A Night in Tunisia / Ritmo Snowbo (Waterfront)
Ritmo Snowbo / A Night in Tunisia (BGP)
Snowboy's House of Latin
Give Me the Sunshine / El Nuevo Latino
Lucky Fellow / Astralisation
Delirium / NyQuist Theorem
Three Faces of Snowboy – Girl Overboard / Funky Djembe / 24 for Betty Page
Where Is the Love?
The New Avengers
Jazzakuti
Casa Forte
Oya Ye Ye
Los Rumberos De La Habana Y Matanzas/Baraggo
It's About Time – DR Bob Jones and The Interns (featuring Snowboy)
El Padrino
I've Got to Learn to Mambo feat. James Hunter
New York Afternoon feat. Marc Evans
Books
From Jazz Funk & Fusion to Acid Jazz: The History of the UK Jazz Dance Scene (2009), Chaser Publications (print-on-demand via AuthorHouse),
References
External links
Snowboy interview by Michael 'The Dood' Edwards, UK Vibe, June 2009
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British jazz musicians
Ubiquity Records artists
British percussionists
British music critics
Incognito (band) members
Acid Jazz Records artists
Gowrie () is a region in central Scotland and one of the original provinces of the Kingdom of Alba. It covered the eastern part of what became Perthshire. It was located to the immediate east of Atholl, and originally included the area around Perth (and the ancient Scottish royal sites of Scone), though that was later detached as Perthia.
Its chief settlement is the city of Perth. Today it is most often associated with the Carse of Gowrie, the part of Gowrie south of the Sidlaw Hills running east of Perth to Dundee.
Etymology
It is usually written as Goverin or Gouerin in the Latin of the Middle Ages. The Old Gaelic terms Circinn and Mag Gerghinn (and variants), may be related; but Circinn is often identified with the Mearns because Fordoun, Mearns, was said to have been in this area. Alex Woolf and William J. Watson both implied that the name derived from the Cenél nGabraín. The modern Gaelic for the province is Gobharaidh; unless it is derived from Gerghinn or Circinn, the earlier Gaelic form is not recorded in Gaelic orthography.
Geography
Gowrie contains some of the best farmland in the whole of Scotland, a key to explaining its importance in Scottish history. The Carse of Gowrie, the southern part of the region, has traditionally been called the "Garden of Scotland".
Coupar, the location of Coupar Angus Abbey, lay at the borders of Angus with Gowrie, originally on the Gowrie side. Blairgowrie, "Plain of Gowrie", was recorded as "Blair in Gowrie" in 1604, and presumably the Blair ("plain") element has -gowrie attached to it to distinguish it from Blair in Atholl, i.e. Blair Atholl. Abernethy, where the cross of MacDuff marked the boundary of the kindred, was probably the boundary between Fothriff and Gowrie.
The following is a list of modern settlements and places of interest in the province:
Abernyte
Alyth
Balhousie
Ballindean
Bankfoot
Benvie
Blair or Blairgowrie
Cambusmichael
Cargill
Clunie
Coupar Angus
Collace
Craigdallie
Dunbarney (also Pottie)
Dunsinane
Errol
Forteviot
Fowlis
Inchtuthill
Inchture
Inchyra
Inveralmond
Kilspindie
Kinclaven
Kinfauns
Kinnaird
Kinnoull
Kirkmichael
Longforgan (also Forgan or Forgrund)
Luncarty
Meikleour
Methven
Perth
Pitmiddle (now deserted)
Rait
Redgorton
Rhynd
Rossie (also Rossinclerach)
Ruthven
Scone
St Madoes (or Cairnie)
Strathardle
Forteviot, physically on to Earn, was included in the St Andrews deanery of Gowrie not in Strathearn (diocese of Dunblane). It is unclear if Gowrie was thought to include places such as Dunkeld or the province of Stormont; it is likely that Gowrie's boundaries may have conceptually fluctuated according to various political changes over time.
History
The Scottish royal coronation site was located in this province, at Scone. Containing sites such as Scone and Forteviot, and perhaps originally Abernethy, it was clearly the core province of the early Kingdom of Scotland. In the 12th century, when detailed records begin, the king possessed four royal manors in the province; these manors were Scone, Strathardle, Longforgan, and Coupar. Those four royal manors were held by the crown in addition to the rest of the province, which the king held as mormaer ("earl").
In either the reign of Alexander I or David I a burgh was founded in the province, located at Perth. It also had a sheriff, called the "Sheriff of Gowrie" or "Sheriff of Scone", from the 1130s until at least 1228. It is not clear if this sheriff was originally distinct from the "Sheriff of Perth", as Perth and Scone were often thought of as the same location, being only two miles apart; if they were originally distinct, they were not so by the following century.
There are judices, "Brehons", of the province of Gowrie recorded from the 12th century into the 14th century. These men were the specialist lawmen for the province, who preserved legal knowledge relevant to the provincial community, and it is likely that every province of Scotland had lawmen designated for such purposes.
Ecclesiastically, Gowrie was largely controlled by the Bishop of St Andrews; a Dean of Gowrie existed under the said bishop. Half a dozen or so of the parish churches in Gowrie were under the control of the bishops of Dunblane and Dunkeld; this meant that Deans of Gowrie also existed for these two dioceses, though no Dean of Gowrie was recorded for the diocese of Dunblane.
Gowrie was recreated as an earldom for William Ruthven, Lord Ruthven in 1581.John Ruthven, 3rd Earl of Gowrie, the second son of William Ruthven, was involved in the famous Gowrie Conspiracy of 1600, which led to the forfeiture of the earldom. The title of Earl of Gowrie was resurrected in 1945 for a descendant of the 2nd Earl.
The area covered by the sheriff of Perth - the sheriffdom - included Atholl, Breadalbane, and Strathearn, as well as Gowrie. In the mid 19th century, local government reforms replaced the ancient provinces by new Counties (shires), aligned to sheriffdom boundaries; hence, Gowrie became part of the new Perthshire.
Notes
References
Barrow, G. W. S. (ed.), The Acts of Malcolm IV, (Regesta Regum Scottorum, Volume I, Edinburgh, 1960)
Barrow, G.W.S., "The Judex", in G. W. S. Barrow (ed.) The Kingdom of the Scots, (Edinburgh, 2003), pp. 57–67
Duncan, A. A. M., The Kingship of the Scots 842–1292: Succession and Independence, (Edinburgh, 2002)
Duncan, A. A. M., Scotland: The Making of the Kingdom, (Edinburgh, 1975)
Grant, Alexander, "Thanes and Thanages, from the eleventh to the Fourteenth Centuries" in A. Grant & K. Stringer (eds.), Medieval Scotland: Crown, Lordship and Community, Essays Presented to G.W.S. Barrow, (Edinburgh, 1993), pp. 39–81
Juhala, Amy L., "Ruthven, John, third earl of Gowrie (1577/8–1600)", Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004 , accessed 11 Nov 2007
MacGregor, Lindsay J., & Oram, Richard, Atholl and Gowrie: North Perthshire, A Historical Guide, (Edinburgh, 2000)
Reid, N. H., & Barrow, G. W. S., The Sheriffs of Scotland: An Interim List to C.1306, (St. Andrews, 2002)
Ross, David, Scottish Place-Names, (Edinburgh, 2001)
Watson, W.J., The Celtic Place-Names of Scotland, (Edinburgh, 1926) reprinted, with an Introduction, full Watson bibliography and corrigenda by Simon Taylor (Edinburgh, 2004)
Woolf, Alex, From Pictland to Alba, 789–1070, (Edinburgh, 2007)
History of Perth and Kinross
Geography of Perth and Kinross
Provinces of Scotland
Bagan is an ancient city located in Myanmar.
Bagan may also refer to:
Bagan Kingdom
Bagan, Johor, Malaysia
Bagan, Russia
Bagan (river), Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia
Bagansiapiapi
Bagan, IAU-approved proper name of exoplanet HD 18742b, orbiting star Ayeyarwady (HD 18742) in Eridanus (constellation)
Butterworth, Penang
Bagan (federal constituency), represented in the Dewan Rakyat
People with the surname
David Bagan (born 1977), Scottish footballer
Joel Bagan (born 2001), English footballer
See also
Pagan (disambiguation)
Scandia is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within the County of Newell. It is located west of Highway 36, approximately southwest of Brooks.
History
The 23.4 mile Cassils Southerly Branch of the Canadian Pacific Railway was built from Cassils to Scandia in 1927–1928.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Scandia had a population of 169 living in 52 of its 56 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 146. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
The population of Scandia according to the 2020 municipal census conducted by the County of Newell is 169.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Scandia had a population of 146 living in 43 of its 54 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 154. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Attractions
Scandia Eastern Irrigation District Museum
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
List of museums in Alberta
List of provincial historic sites of Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
County of Newell
Omar Victor Diop (born 1980) is a Senegalese photographer whose conceptually-rich work is exhibited around the world. He lives and works in Dakar.
Early life and education
Omar Victor Diop was born in Dakar, Senegal. He is the youngest of six children, and his parents valued education as a means to pursue opportunity. He and his siblings attended optimal schooling from a young age, which resulted in a career in finance and corporate communications. He studied at the ESCE International Business School in Paris before working at Ernst & Young as an analyst, and then with British American Tobacco in the African international relations department.
After a year-long sabbatical from corporate life, Diop made a shift towards a career in the arts in 2010. His debut project, Fashion 2112, The Future of Beauty, was a series of photographs which was shown at the Pan African Exhibition of the African Biennale of Photography in Bamako, Mali (2011). The success and recognition of this project resulted in Diop's attention to photography exclusively.
Work
Though Diop began his career in communications, by 2010 he had moved into the highly active territory of fashion photography. Prior to this, he had experimented in landscape photography, and later worked for fashion lines Bantu Wax and Adama Paris, among others. By September 2013, he had produced 70 percent of the commercial advertising market in Dakar. While he continues to work in the commercial field, his studio practice lies in the style of Fine Art portraiture; often self-portraiture. He produces work in series, and, much like Malian photographer Seydou Keïta, continues in the tradition of African studio photography.
Series
Diop has released numerous series, including:
Liberty (2016)
A photographic series which recounts, interprets and juxtaposes historically defining moments of black history.
Hopeful Blues (2015)
A series which explores hope and resilience through portraits of Refugees of the UN Refugee Agency. (Part of his exhibit titled REFUGEE.)
Project Diaspora (2015)
A Self-Portrait Series in which Diop recreates 15th and 16th century European paintings of educated, stylish, and confident historical figures of the African diaspora. Diop plans to widen Project Diaspora's scope to Asia, the Americas and the Middle East.
Re-mixing Hollywood (2013)
A collaboration with the French-born American photographer Antoine Tempé. Consisting of 20 photographs, this series is based on iconic moments of popular American and French movies while replacing their subjects with individuals from Senegal and Côte d'Ivoire.
Exhibitions
Diop has participated in numerous exhibitions internationally, including:
Group exhibitions
Radical Revisionists: Contemporary African Artists Confronting Past and Present, Moody Center for the Arts, Houston, Texas (2020)
Making Africa: A Continent of Contemporary Design, Vitra Design Museum, Weil am Rhein, Germany (2019)
1.54 Contemporary African Art Fair, Avenue Bad Jdid, Marrakech (2019)
African Passions, Cadaval Palace, Evora, Portugal (2018)
Paris Photo, Grand Palais, Paris, France (2017)
Festival Photo, La Gacilly, Brittany, France (2017)
Art/ Afrique, le nouvel atelier, Louis Vuitton Foundation, Paris, France (2017)
Untitled Miami Beach, Miami, Florida (2016)
African Folk Art?: Contemporary Creations in Sub-Saharian Africa, FRAC, Aquitaine, France (2016)
Solo exhibitions
A Queen Within Adorned Archetypes, Museum of Pop Culture, Seattle, Washington (2019)
Liberty/ Diaspora, Autograph, London, England (2018)
Visual Arts Biennal of Mercosul, Santander Cultural, Porto Alegre, Brazil (2018)
Africa Africa, Palazzo Litta, Milan, Italy (2018)
Collections
Diop's work can be found in a number of public collections, including:
Louis Vuitton Foundation, Paris, France
Brooklyn Museum, New-York
Tang Museum at Skidmore College, New York
Block Museum of Art at Northwestern University, Illinois
Art market
Omar Victor Diop is represented by MAGNIN-A gallery in Paris, and by Elaine Harris with AfricaLive Productions.
Similar artists
J. D. 'Okhai Ojeikere
Malick Sidibé
Samuel Fosso
Pieter Hugo
Rotimi Fani-Kayode
Phumzile Khanyile
Edson Chagas
Aida Muluneh
Leonce Raphael Agbodjelou
Yinka Shonibare
References
1980 births
Senegalese photographers
People from Dakar
Living people
21st-century photographers
WSCL (89.5 FM) is a National Public Radio member station in Salisbury, Maryland, owned by Salisbury University.
WSCL's signal takes advantage of the flat geography of Delmarva. It can be heard on car radios in portions of Northern Delaware and its bordering areas of Pennsylvania, across the Delaware Bay in New Jersey, along Interstate 95 between Baltimore and Washington, in addition to its local areas of Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia.
External links
SCL
NPR member stations
Salisbury University
SCL
Radio stations established in 1983
1983 establishments in Maryland
Classical music in the United States
Leonid Petrovich Serebryakov () (11 June 1890 – 1 February 1937) was a Russian Soviet politician and Bolshevik who became a victim of the Great Purge.
Early life
Born at Samara, the son of a metalworker, Serebryakov left school at 14 to operate a lathe in an engineering works in Lugansk. He joined the Bolsheviks at the age of 15, during the 1905 Revolution, and was arrested several times in 1905–07, and dismissed from his job because of his revolutionary activities. In 1908, he was exiled for two years to Vologda province. In 1910–11, after his release, he acted as an itinerant Bolshevik organiser, and was a delegate to the Prague Conference in January 1912, the first which excluded Mensheviks and anyone else who did not follow the line laid down by Vladimir Lenin, leader of the Bolsheviks. Returning to Samara in 1912, he was arrested and sentenced to three years exile in Narym. He escaped in 1913, and was sent by the party to Baku to organise a strike, but had to leave because he was shadowed. He was arrested in Odessa, and sent back to Narym. In 1914, he escaped again, but was arrested in Moscow, and returned to Narym. He was released from exile in 1916, but was drafted into the infantry for the war against Germany.
Political career
When the February Revolution broke out, in 1917, Serebryakov led a mutiny in Kostroma, where he was stationed, and helped organise the Kostroma soviet. In mid-1917, he moved to Moscow, where he worked as a party organiser for the next four years. In 1919 he became a member of the Secretariat of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, together with Nikolai Krestinsky and Yevgeny Preobrazhensky. The three secretaries supported Leon Trotsky when he had a dispute with Lenin over the trade unions. At the Tenth Party Congress in March 1921, Lenin's faction won a decisive victory on this dispute, and Serebryakov and the other two secretaries of the Central Committee had to resign. Afterwards he worked with Joseph Stalin on the Military Council of the Southern Front during the Russian Civil War. In May 1922–24, he was Deputy People's Commissar for Transport.
In 1923, he married Galina Krasutskaya, the teenage daughter of fellow Bolsheviks, and they had a daughter, Zorya. The marriage ended in 1925, when she married Grigori Sokolnikov, though she continued to use the name Serebryakova.
Opposition to Stalin
In 1923, Serebryakov signed the Declaration of the 46, after which he supported Leon Trotsky. According to his daughter, Serebryakov looked up to Trotsky as a "great authority", who treated him with "not only respect, reverence, but also some kind of warmth and love, purely human." He was removed from his government post in 1924, and sent to Vienna, on a mission to negotiate a peace treaty between the USSR and Romania. Victor Serge, who covered the talks as a journalist, described Serebryakov as "marked out by his moral authority, talents and past..., plump, vigorous in manner, fair-haired, with a full, round face and aggressive little moustache. After the talks collapsed, he was sent on a trade mission to the USA. Returning to Russia in 1926, he acted as go-between during the rapprochement between Trotsky and Grigory Zinoviev and their supporters. He was expelled from the Communist Party in August 1927, as one of a group who had been running an underground printing press, and exiled to Semipalantinsk. He renounced his support for the left opposition in 1929, and his party membership was reinstated in January 1930.
Arrest and execution
Serebryakov became head of the Central Administration of Highways and Automobile Transport administration in 1931, and first deputy head from August 1935, and unlike many former oppositionists, it seems he avoided coming under any suspicion. Nevertheless, he was named during the first of the Moscow Trials in August 1936 as a member of the supposed Trotskyite Terrorist Centre, and arrested. While he was under arrest, his prosecutor Andrey Vyshinsky misappropriated his house and money. Galina was also arrested and exiled. Their daughter, Zorya, then aged 14, was also arrested, and later sent to join her mother in exile.
During the Trial of the Seventeen in January 1937, Serebryakov was accused of being accomplice in a murder attempt on Nikolai Yezhov and Lavrenti Beria and damaging attacks on Soviet railways in his capacity as head of Soviet railway transport even though he was the head of Soviet automobile, not railway, transport. He was sentenced to death after a forced confession by torture. He was shot on 1 February 1937.
For a long time, Galina blamed her ex-husbands for her arrest in 1937, and her years of exile and imprisonment, discovering only after Stalin's death that they were both innocent. Serebryakov was rehabilitated in December 1986.
References
1890 births
1937 deaths
Politicians from Samara, Russia
People from Samarsky Uyezd
Russian Social Democratic Labour Party members
Old Bolsheviks
Left Opposition
Russian Trotskyists
Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Members of the Orgburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
All-Russian Central Executive Committee members
Central Executive Committee of the Soviet Union members
Trial of the Seventeen
Soviet show trials
Great Purge victims from Russia
Russian people executed by the Soviet Union
Soviet rehabilitations
James Robert Thompson (June 18, 1938 – December 4, 2017) was an American mathematician, statistician, and university professor whose most influential work combined applied mathematics and nonparametric statistics with computing technologies to advance the fields of financial engineering and computational finance, model disease progression, assess problems in public health, and optimize quality control in industrial manufacturing.
Thompson was a longtime faculty member of Rice University in Houston, TX. He joined the university in 1970 as an Associate Professor in the Wiess School of Natural Sciences' Department of Mathematical Sciences. He became the founding chair of the Department of Statistics in 1987. The department moved to the George R. Brown School of Engineering in 1990. Thompson retired from Rice in 2016 as the Noah Harding Emeritus Professor of Statistics.
During his career, Thompson authored or co-authored 14 books, including his most cited books Models for Investors in Real World Markets, Empirical Model Building: Data, Models, and Reality 2nd ed., and Statistical Process Control for Quality Improvement, co-authored with Jacek Koronacki. Thompson was a principal investigator for the United States Army Research Office (ARO), National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), and the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO). From 1991-1993, he directed a team of 12 Polish statisticians to teach statistical process control in the newly-liberated Polish factories after the fall of communism. The training manual and teachings are reflected in the previously mentioned book Statistical Process Control: The Deming Paradigm and Beyond.
Thompson and his collaborators are most recently known for the quantitative exploration of the capital asset pricing model (CAPM), and several approaches in exploratory data analysis, which involve looking at data from different angles. These non-parametric approaches to portfolio formulation included the Simugram™, variants of his Max-Median rule and Tukey weightings.
The MaxMedian rule is nonproprietary and was designed for investors who wish to do their own investing on a laptop with the purchase of 20 stocks. Simugram™ is an empirical data-based paradigm for portfolio selection. The algorithm synchronizes the historical performance of stocks in a selection set. The information from Simugram™ is then used to develop a high return, low risk portfolio. US Patent 7,720,738 B2, May 18, 2010. The simulation-based data analysis challenges the Efficient Market Hypothesis (EMH) and the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing formula, making Thompson an early critic of the hypothesis in financial economics. The research was funded by $10 million NSF grants awarded to Rice University in 2003 and 2008 for Vertical Integration of Research and Education in the Mathematical Sciences (VIGRE).
Thompson was a long-term collaborator who united physicians and medical researchers in the Texas Medical Center with university researchers in mathematics and biostatistics to analyze coronary artery disease, cancer, and HIV/AIDS. In 1977, he began working with clinicians and researchers at the Baylor College of Medicine to statistically correlate the relationship between plasma lipid concentrations and coronary artery disease.
Thompson also served as an Adjunct Professor (1977 - 2017) at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and the University of Texas School of Public Health. He was known for the development of the Multivariate Simulation-Based Parameter Estimation (SIMEST) model, which was used to estimate breast cancer parameters and simulate the growth and spread of malignant tumors. His work in mathematical biology also positioned him as an early proponent of the prevention and control of contagious diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, by case isolation, quarantine, and public education. He is particularly known for his work in correlating the effect that the HIV epidemic had on an increased number of tuberculosis cases in the United States.
Thompson was a member of the International Statistical Institute (1982). He was elected Fellow of the American Statistical Association (1984) and founded the ASA Houston Chapter in 1981. He was also elected Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics (1988).
University History
2016 - 2017 Noah Harding Emeritus Professor of Statistics, Department of Statistics, Rice University
2000 - 2015 Noah Harding Professor of Statistics, Department of Statistics, Rice University
1993 - 1996 Chair, Department of Statistics, George R. Brown School of Engineering, Rice University
1990 - Adjunct Professor, University of Texas School of Public Health
1988 - 1997 Adjunct Professor of Pathology, Baylor College of Medicine
1987 - Professor of Statistics, Department of Statistics, Rice University
1987 - 1990 Founding Chair, Department of Statistics, Wiess School of Natural Sciences, Rice University
1977 - Adjunct Professor, University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center
1977 - 1990 Professor of Mathematical Sciences, Rice University
1970 - 1977 Associate Professor of Mathematical Sciences, Wiess School of Natural Sciences, Rice University
1967 - 1970 Assistant Professor of Mathematics, Indiana University
1965 - 1967 Assistant Professor of Engineering Mathematics, Vanderbilt University
1964 - 1965 Instructor of Engineering Mathematics, Vanderbilt University
Honors and Awards
Thompson received the Founder's Medal as first in his class when he graduated from Vanderbilt University in 1960. While earning his doctorate degree at Princeton University, he was a Fulbright Scholar, Woodrow Wilson Fellow, and NSF Graduate Research Fellow. He was the recipient of the jointly awarded Samuel S. Wilks Memorial Award (1991) by the American Statistical Association (ASA) and the U.S. Army for his outstanding contributions to applied statistics and the advancement of scientific knowledge. He was also awarded the ASA Don Owen Award (1985) for his work in applied statistics and quality control.
Education
Thompson graduated from Memphis High School. He earned a Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in 1960 from Vanderbilt University before graduating with a Master of Arts in Mathematics (M.A.) in 1963 and a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Mathematics in 1965 from Princeton University. His dissertation was supervised by John Wilder Tukey.
External links
Department of Statistics, Rice University
Center for Computational Finance and Economic Systems (CoFES)
References
1938 births
2017 deaths
American statisticians
Vanderbilt University alumni
Princeton University alumni
Vanderbilt University faculty
Indiana University faculty
Rice University faculty
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
Quilizumab (INN) is a humanized monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of asthma. It binds to IGHE.
This drug was developed by Genentech.
References
Monoclonal antibodies
Hoffmann-La Roche brands
Genentech brands
Oregon House is an unincorporated community in Yuba County, California. It is located northeast of Marysville, at an elevation of 1526 feet (465 m).
The settlement grew up around a travelers' rest stop built in 1852. A post office was established at Oregon House in 1854, closed in 1902, and reopened in 1903.
New Bullards Bar Dam, one of the tallest dams in the United States, is about 6 miles away.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Populated places established in 1852
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County, California
1852 establishments in California
Dörrmoschel is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Dörrmoschel has an area of 2.88 km² and a population of 150 (as of December 31, 2020).
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
America is an album by saxophonist George Adams which was recorded in 1989 and released on the Blue Note label the following year.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states "This is one of tenor saxophonist George Adams' funnest records. He takes eight songs, all of which now qualify as American folk songs (along with two originals), and gives them melodic but inventive treatments. "... This CD is accessible, patriotic, and a highly recommended and continually surprising set". In the Los Angeles Times, Don Heckman called it "an unusual contemporary jazz outing" and wrote "Tenor saxophonist Adams takes an interesting risk with this collection of songs from what he calls the "mainstream of Americana." ... For the most part, it pays off. Adams' big blowzy sound and brusquely rhythmic articulation bring a vigorous, almost folk-like slant to these familiar songs".
Track listing
"America the Beautiful" (Samuel A. Ward, Katharine Lee Bates) − 3:59
"Tennessee Waltz" (Pee Wee King, Redd Stewart) − 6:48
"Motivation" (George Adams) − 4:34
"Old Folks at Home" (Stephen Foster) − 5:33
"Gee, Baby, Ain't I Good to You" (Andy Razaf, Don Redman) − 7:18
"Take Me Out to the Ball Game" (Jack Norworth, Albert Von Tilzer) − 2:41
"You Are My Sunshine" (Jimmie Davis, Charles Mitchell) − 5:05
"Georgia on My Mind" (Hoagy Carmichael, Stuart Gorrell) − 8:14
"Have You Thanked America?" (Adams) − 6:49
"The Star-Spangled Banner" (Francis Scott Key) − 1:40
Personnel
George Adams – tenor saxophone, flute, vocals
Hugh Lawson – piano
Cecil McBee – bass
Mark Johnson – drums
References
Blue Note Records albums
George Adams (musician) albums
1990 albums
Joseph Robert Miller (born Joseph Robert Tarczon; January 15, 1955) is an American serial killer and rapist who raped and killed at least six women in Chicago and Peoria, Illinois from 1977 to 1993. He was convicted of these crimes the following year and sentenced to death, which was later commuted to life imprisonment.
Biography
Joseph Robert Tarczon was born on January 15, 1955 in Illinois, but was abandoned at an orphanage shortly after his birth. A few years later, he was adopted by a married couple from Chicago, the Millers, who changed his surname to match theirs. His adoptive parents proved to be very strict and frequently beat him, leading the young Miller to develop anger issues and engage in petty crime from an early age.
Between the late 1960s and 1977, he was arrested a total of 11 times on charges such as theft, carjacking and sexual assault, but would always get away with a short stint in prison after accepting plea deals from the prosecutors. In the early 1970s, Miller left Chicago and lived in various locations including the cities of Bloomington and Waukegan, and even the state of Virginia. By 1977, he had permanently settled in Skokie, where he had married a local woman and worked as a pizza delivery man.
First murders and trial
On October 25, 1977, 31-year-old convicted prostitute Martha Ryan, also known as Martha E. Kowalski, was reported missing from Chicago. After interviewing witnesses, police learned that Ryan was last seen in the company of an unknown young man driving an orange Chevrolet Vega. Eight days later, her body, which was wrapped up in a blanket, was found in some bushes outside a liquor store in Skokie, not far from Miller's home.
Due to the fact he and his car matched the description of the man last seen in Ryan's company, Miller was brought to the police station for interrogation. On the following day, Skokie police discovered the body of 22-year-old Ann Iecile Maxham, who had multiple convictions for prostitution. While investigating her killing, officers were approached by a prostitute who claimed to have known the victim, claiming that both Miller and his wife, Marsha, frequently used their services and that she herself had been in their company on several occasions. On the basis of this testimony, Miller was arrested and charged with the two murders on November 5, 1977.
While he was in custody, police obtained a search warrant for Miller's apartment and car, discovering evidence that implicated in an armed robbery in Skokie; a kidnapping in Cook County and aggravated battery in DuPage County. He was also the prime suspect in several other murders dating back to October 1976.
During the subsequent trial, the court established that there had been procedural errors during the search of Miller's arrest and search of his property, with the judge granting a motion by his attorneys to suppress some of the prosecution's evidence. As his wife also refused to testify against him, the Cook County Prosecutor's Office offered a plea deal to Miller: in exchange for dismissing the kidnapping and aggravated battery charges, which carried the death penalty, he could plead guilty to robbery and be given a lesser sentence. Miller accepted their proposal, and after his conviction, he was sentenced to 30 years imprisonment with a chance of parole after serving 15 years.
Incarceration, release, and relapse
After his conviction, Miller was transferred to serve his sentence at the Illinois River Correctional Center in Canton. During his internment, he participated in sex offender rehabilitation programs and earned a reputation as a model prisoner. In the mid-1980s, he suffered a severe leg injury that left him physically disabled, due to which he was obliged to a disability pension from the state.
After serving the minimum term required, Miller applied for parole. Taking into account his good conduct and his physical condition, he was deemed rehabilitated and his petition was granted. Miller was paroled in April 1993 and, on the advice of the prison chaplain, moved to a nursing home in Peoria. During his stay there, he was considered a friendly, talkative and energetic person who regularly attended church with other residents. In his free time, Miller wandered on the streets of Peoria and sought work as a day laborer for additional financial income.
In late August 1993, he was hired to do some repairs to the home of 88-year-old Bernice Fagotte. A few weeks later, police were informed by a newspaper deliveryman that Fagotte had not picked up her weekly newspaper or her mail for a few weeks. After interviewing neighbors, relatives and acquaintances, the authorities realized that the woman was missing. At around the same time, the bodies of three women were found in a drainage ditch on the outskirts of Peoria, with all of them in various stages of decomposition. Their identities were eventually established as 34-year-old Marcia Logue and 26-year-old Helen Dorrance, whose bodies were found on September 18, and 42-year-old Sandra L. Csesznegi, whose body was found on September 26.
Logue's body was found tied up and gagged, with an autopsy determining that she had been beaten and stabbed multiple times, while Dorrance and Csesznegi were both strangled. All three were residents of Peoria and had been involved in prostitution. Further investigation deduced that Logue was last seen alive on September 15, when she got into a dark maroon-colored car driven by a white man who was about 45 years old. Csesznegi had disappeared on that same day, while Dorrance had vanished four days prior.
On September 23, Fagotte's Oldsmobile was found abandoned in the parking lot of a home near the nursing home where Miller resided. Because of his criminal record, he came under suspicion and was questioned by police on September 29. With his permission, officers were allowed to search his apartment and the interior of his car, whereupon he was taken to the local police station. After detectives read his Miranda rights, the interview began, with Miller claiming that he had nothing to do with any of the crimes. Shortly afterwards, during a search of Fagotte's car, authorities located a knife which had Miller's fingerprints on it. When presented with this, he admitted that it indeed belonged to him, but claimed to have dropped it while driving. Skeptical of his claims, prosecutors later charged Miller with burglary and arrested him in October 1993.
Trial and imprisonment
During the three-month investigation, police uncovered further evidence that implicated Miller in the three murders. A search of his apartment led to the discovery of women's clothes and underwear, as well as sheets with dried blood stains. Police also seized pillows and a mattress covered in reddish-brown stains of dried blood, with similar ones being found on the bedroom wall at the head of the bed. In addition, several strands of female hair and fibers were found around the apartment.
While searching through the Oldsmobile, police found a rug and a knife in the trunk of the car, as well as dried blood stains on the back seat. A witness, a neighbor of Fagotte's named Samuel Voight, positively identified Miller as the repairman he had seen entering her home on August 28. Similary, a security guard at the nursing home, James McGovern, told investigators that he had seen Miller drive the dark maroon Oldsmobile on two occasions, claiming that it belonged to some friends. Several acquaintances of Miller's also claimed that they had been in the car and that Miller apparently tried to sell it, initially refusing to disclose why. After one of them found Fagotte's social security card in the glove compartment, Miller told him that the car was stolen and he wanted to burn it to cover his tracks.
Glenn Schubert, a forensic examiner, later conclusively proved Miller's guilt in the murders by conducting tests on the seized hair, fibers and personal possessions from the apartment. The results showed that his DNA and genotypic profile matched that of the man who had killed each of the women, based on which he was charged with the murders of Logue, Dorrance and Csesznegi.
Shortly afterwards, Miller's attorneys filed a motion for a change of venue, citing their belief that the publicity surrounding the crimes could lead to their client being unable to receive a fair trial. The motion was granted, and the venue was changed to Springfield. Under pressure from the evidence implicating him in the crimes, Miller initially pleaded guilty, but later changed it to an insanity plea, claiming that he suffered from multiple personality disorder. At the request of his attorneys, he underwent a psychological evaluation which determined that he suffered from dissociative amnesia due to the physical abuse he had suffered as a child. Nevertheless, the jury found no mitigating circumstances in his case and found Miller guilty on all counts, for which he was sentenced to death. Although he was not charged in Fagotte's killing, mostly due to the fact that her body was never found, the police considered him guilty and have officially closed the case.
Aftermath
After his conviction, Miller was transferred to the Menard Correctional Center's death row to await execution. In 2002, citing the numerous miscarriages of justice in death penalty cases, Governor George Ryan imposed a moratorium on the death penalty and commuted all of the inmates' sentences to life imprisonment without parole. The state completely abolished the death penalty in 2011.
In 2004, Miller contacted the Cook County Prosecutor's Office and claimed responsibility for the murders of 18-year-old Valarie Sloan and 25-year-old Stacey Morrison, who had disappeared from Peoria in 1993. He provided authorities with a supposed burial site, but no human remains were located and his confessions were eventually dismissed as bogus. Representatives of the Prosecutor's Office later stated their belief that another offender, Arlie Ray Davis, was the true culprit, and that Miller had confessed simply to bring attention to himself. Nevertheless, he has never been officially ruled out as a suspect in the murders, which remain unsolved.
As of June 2022, Miller is still alive and is currently serving his sentence at the Dixon Correctional Center in Dixon.
See also
List of serial killers in the United States
External links
People v. Miller (1996)
Valarie Sloan on The Charley Project
Stacey Morrison on The Charley Project
References
1955 births
Living people
20th-century American criminals
American male criminals
American serial killers
Male serial killers
American rapists
American people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Illinois
American people convicted of sexual assault
American people convicted of assault
American people convicted of burglary
American people convicted of theft
American prisoners sentenced to death
Prisoners sentenced to death by Illinois
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Illinois
American prisoners and detainees
Prisoners and detainees of Illinois
Violence against women in the United States
Criminals from Illinois
American adoptees
Thor Falkanger (born 29 September 1934) is a retired Norwegian professor of law.
He was born in Bergen as a son of district stipendiary magistrate Aage Thor Falkanger, Sr. (1902–1981) and Haldis Brun (1911–1988). He grew up in Flekkefjord, and took the cand.jur. degree at the University of Oslo in 1958. He took the dr.juris degree in 1968 on the thesis Leie av skib. It was printed in the journal Arkiv for Sjørett in 1969, and Falkanger edited this journal from 1970 to 1982. In 1970 he was also appointed professor of jurisprudence at the University of Oslo. He retired in 2004. He has been a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters since 1980.
He resides at Høvik Verk.
References
1934 births
Living people
Norwegian legal scholars
University of Oslo alumni
Academics of the Faculty of Law, University of Oslo
People from Flekkefjord
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Members of the Norwegian Academy
Land of the Outlaws is a 1944 American Western film directed by Lambert Hillyer. This is the eleventh film in the "Marshal Nevada Jack McKenzie" series, and stars Johnny Mack Brown as Jack McKenzie and Raymond Hatton as his sidekick Sandy Hopkins, with Nan Holliday, Stephen Keyes and Hugh Prosser.
Cast
Johnny Mack Brown as Marshal Nevada Jack McKenzie
Raymond Hatton as Marshal Sandy Hopkins
Nan Holliday as Ellen
Stephen Keyes as Frank Carson
Hugh Prosser as Ed Hammond
Charles King as Bart Green
Tom Quinn as Vic - Henchman
Steve Clark as Sheriff
John Merton as Dan Broderick
Ben Corbett as Curly - Wagon Driver
Art Fowler as Slim Carter
Bud Wolfe as Drake - Saloon Dealer
John Judd as Jim Grant - Assayer
References
Bibliography
Martin, Len D. The Allied Artists Checklist: The Feature Films and Short Subjects of Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, 1947-1978. McFarland & Company, 1993.
External links
1944 films
1944 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films directed by Lambert Hillyer
Monogram Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1940s American films
Herman Gordon Nelson (born September 20, 1961) is an American racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
American male racewalkers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Place of birth missing (living people)
Baroness Suzanne Silvercruys (married names Suzanne Farnam, Suzanne Stevenson; May 29, 1898 – March 31, 1973) was a Belgian-American sculptor and political activist, founder and first president of the Minute Women of the U.S.A.
Life and career
Suzanne Silvercruys was born in Maaseik, Belgium, where her father, Baron Frantz (François) Silvercruys, was a Conseiller (justice) and later president of the Court of Cassation. The family came to the United States in 1915 in flight from World War I; she became a US citizen in 1922. Her brother, Baron , was a poet and professor of French and later the Belgian ambassador to Canada and then for many years to the United States.
In 1917, she was one of 1,500 people present at a dinner in Philadelphia where Secretary of War Newton D. Baker was to speak; when he failed to appear, she was invited to speak instead and described the Rape of Belgium by the invading Germans. She subsequently toured the US and Canada as "the little Belgian girl", publicizing the Belgians' plight and raising a million dollars for relief to them. She received honors from the King and Queen of Belgium, including the Order of Leopold and the Order of the Crown; she was also awarded the British Coronation Medal and was an officer of the French Academy.
Silvercruys originally hoped for a career as a musician; she became interested in sculpture when she was ill with tuberculosis and a friend gave her some modeling clay; she sculpted her dog's head. She graduated from the Yale School of Fine Arts in 1928 and worked as a sculptor, mainly producing portraits of famous people; she also painted portraits. She had a one-person sculpture show in New York in 1930. She also lectured on sculpture, often sculpting one or more members of the audience, and taught the first college class in sculpture at Wichita Falls, Texas. In the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, she represented Belgium as a sculptor in the art competition.
She was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters by Temple University and, in 1966, an LL.D. by Mount Allison University, where her papers are preserved. She lived for many years in Norwalk, Connecticut, and in Tucson, Arizona, where she was living when she died in Washington, D. C., while on a lecture tour.
Political career
In World War II Silvercruys was again active on behalf of Belgian relief. After the war she became a prominent anti-Socialist speaker and activist. She was one of the organizers of the Young Republican League of Connecticut and was the founder and president of Minute Women of the U.S.A.; she left that position in 1952 to co-found the Constitution Party, but soon in turn left the party, disenchanted with her treatment as a foreign-born Catholic and believing it harbored anti-Semites. Her political feminism prefigured that of Phyllis Schlafly: she sought to mobilize conservative women in defence of traditional American values, was much influenced by John T. Flynn, and treasured a letter from Senator Joseph McCarthy, which was shown to hesitant Minute Women recruits.
She assisted in placing a candidate on the Connecticut delegation to the Republican National Convention in 1950, and twice sought a place in Congress herself: as a candidate for the Republican nomination in the 1946 election for the House of Representatives and as an independent right-wing Republican candidate against incumbent Republican Prescott Bush in the 1956 election for the Senate.
Private life
Silvercruys was married twice, to Henry W. Farnam, Jr., son of a Yale professor, and to Edward Ford Stevenson, who had filmed the Tehran and Yalta conferences during World War II and was later a colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve, advertising executive, and producer; he died before her.
Selected works
Bust of Lord Tweedsmuir, in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of New York
Bust of Herbert Hoover for the library at the University of Louvain, now in the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven
Bust of Anthony McAuliffe, Place McAuliffe, Bastogne (1946–1947)
Memorial group portrait of Queen Astrid of Belgium and children
Group portrait of the Dionne quintuplets at the age of five
Statue of Francisco Eusebio Kino, one of the two statues from Arizona in the National Statuary Hall Collection in Washington, D. C.
Trophy presented to Amelia Earhart by the Zonta Club of New York after her first solo trans-Atlantic flight
Twice life-size bust of Robert A. Taft
Statue of Princess Noccalula (1969), at Noccalula Falls Park, Gadsden, Alabama
Publications
Suzanne of Belgium: The Story of a Modern Girl (autobiography, with Marion Clyde McCarroll). New York: Dutton, [1932]. .
The Epic of America (pageant)
There Is No Death (drama, 1935)
A Primer of Sculpture. New York: Putnam, [1942]. .
Notes
References
Further reading
Charles W. Duke. "Story of Heroic Suzanne Silvercruys, Belgian Girl". The Sunday Oregonian. February 17, 1918. p. 5. Pdf.
Ruth Woodbury Sedgwick. "Glamorous Suzanne". The Cincinnati Enquirer. March 10, 1935. p. 11. Online at Newspapers.com, subscription required.
"Dr. Silvercruys Sculpts For Spirit". Tucson Daily Citizen. February 24, 1969. p. 8. Online at Newspapers.com, subscription required.
External links
1898 births
1973 deaths
People from Maaseik
Belgian emigrants to the United States
American women sculptors
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American women artists
Yale School of Art alumni
American portrait artists
Recipients of the Order of the Crown (Belgium)
People from Norwalk, Connecticut
Sculptors from Connecticut
Activists from Connecticut
American women activists
Artists from Tucson, Arizona
Activists from Arizona
Connecticut Republicans
Women in Connecticut politics
Sculptors from Arizona
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Edenburn House, formerly 'Magh House' or 'Rockfield', is a house and demesne in the parish of Ballymacelligott, County Kerry, in Ireland. Built in the late 18th century, it is situated between Tralee and Castleisland.
Formerly the home of the Hussey family, from 1937 to 1968, the house was used as a sanatorium for tuberculosis patients. Later becoming known as Edenburn Hospital, from 1968 until its closure in 1988 the building was a convalescent home and hospital, catering mostly for orthopaedic patients and elderly patients.
References
Buildings and structures in County Kerry
Jean-Dominique Lebreton (born February 19, 1950 in Saint-Étienne) is a biomathematician and a member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Course
Jean-Dominique Lebreton obtained a university degree in Mathematics and Physics in 1969, then a Certificate of Master of Mathematics and Fundamental Applications and a Master of Computer Science in 1971.
He obtained his Diploma of Advanced Studies in Applied Biology in 1972, his Doctorate of Specialty in Lyon in 1974 and his Doctor of Science in 1981.
He was Assistant and then Assistant Professor at the University of Lyon before becoming Director of Research at the CNRS (CEFE) in Montpellier in 1990. Since 2014, he has been Director of Research Emeritus.
Scientific work
Computer scientist and mathematician by training, naturalist by family tradition (younger brother of Philippe Lebreton), Jean-Dominique Lebreton is a biomathematician, mainly specialized in modelling in ecology and population dynamics.
Animal and plant population dynamics result from multiple mechanisms, such as feedback from populations on demographic performance or environmental variability. On an evolutionary scale, the diversification of demographic strategies raises many questions. Only modelling can therefore shed light on population dynamics, both at the ecological and evolutionary level. It is one of the main international actors in the development of population dynamics models.
First, it contributed to the launch of matrix models of population dynamics, producing formal sensitivity results and original stochastic generalizations, and applying these models to various vertebrates. He then demonstrated the key role of generation time in the diversity of demographic strategies and in the sensitivity of populations to demographic impacts.
Jean-Dominique Lebreton was then one of the driving forces behind the renewal of demographic capture-recapture methods. First, it was necessary to shift their focus from a focus on numbers to estimating individual flows and then to introduce ideas from generalized linear models, thus making it possible to analyze probabilities of survival according to age, gender or environment. His work, by bridging the gap between capture-recapture models and analysis of variance, has contributed to a real revolution, with a wide range of applications in evolutionary ecology and conservation biology. In recent years, he has been involved in the development of various types of models in which individuals move between several states, for example, to study dispersion and reproductive achievement. At the same time, he developed a long-term program on the Forézian population of Black-legged Kittiwake Chroicocephalus ridibundus, which highlighted the importance of dispersal behaviour in colonial birds in the face of spatial and temporal heterogeneity in the environments.
He has also relaunched theoretical and practical studies in the context of the biology of exploited populations. The integration of the dynamic and statistical models he developed, both by himself and in the team he created in Montpellier, has enabled him to shed light on the conservation and management of the populations subject to sampling:
Hunting, especially ducks and geese;
Involuntary removals, such as incidental catches of Albatrosses by longline fishing lines;
Levies to limit numbers, with the elaboration for the Ministry of the Environment of a management plan for large cormorants wintering in France.
Both personally and through the team he created, but also through the development of close collaborations with the French vertebrate population biology teams (LBBE Lyon, Paris VI, MNHN, Chizé, Strasbourg, Tour du Valat), he and various colleagues have contributed to the creation of a "French school" for the dynamics and biology of vertebrate populations with high international visibility.
The development and distribution of flexible and user-friendly software (Biomeco; U-CARE; SURGE, M-SURGE, E-SURGE) to support his team's research production have greatly contributed to this visibility.
As in his research administration activities, he was able to focus on "social utility" and collective construction in his international research and collaborations – there was a full choice in his generation. He has established long-term collaborations with colleagues such as J.D. Nichols and H. Caswell in the United States, B.J.T. Morgan in Great Britain, G. Gauthier in Canada.
The population dynamics workshops he has launched for more than 20 years, after similar workshops in statistical ecology, have brought together hundreds of colleagues, many of whom have remained in contact for data processing, visits to CEFE, or long-term collaborations. These workshops have been organized on several occasions in foreign countries (Great Britain, Canada, New Zealand, Spain, Morocco, United States...). He recently organized a workshop on "Matrix models for population management and conservation", from March 5 to 10, 2017 at the University of Florida (Gainesville).
He is regularly invited to international conferences in his field. Since 2009 he has been a Member of the Academia Europaea.
Pedagogical activity
Jean-Dominique Lebreton has taught in the first, second and third cycles. He has also been asked for occasional courses and ongoing training.
Other institutional responsibilities
Deputy Director of CEFE, UMR 5175, December 2001 – December 2005
Director of CEFE, UMR 5175, January 2006-December 2010
Deputy Director of IFR 119 "Montpellier-Environnement-Biodiversity", 2006–2010
Acting Director of this RFI, 2009–2010.
Founder and Director of LABEX CeMEB, 2011–2013
Secretary (1974–1980), and President (1981) of the Rhône-Alpes Ornithological Centre
Member of the "Ecological Methodology" working group associated with the "Management of Renewable Natural Resources" committee, D.G.R.S.T., 1976–1979
Secretary of the Scientific Council of the U.E.R. des Sciences de la Nature, University of Lyon I, 1977
Member of the Board of Directors of the Société Française de Biométrie, 1979–1986; 1990 to date; Secretary, 1983–1986, and President, 1990–1992, of this company
Member of the Board of the International Biometric Society, 2000–2003
Member of the French Bird Certification Committee, 1983–1987
Representative of the CNRS on the Scientific Council of the Camargue National Reserve (SNPN), 1995–95
Alternate member, representative of the CNRS, on the Conseil National de la Chasse et de la Faune Sauvage (CNCFS), 1996–
Member of the Scientific Council of the National Office for Hunting and Wildlife (ONCFS), 1996–96
Scientific Advisor, Tour du Valat Foundation, 1990–
Member of the Scientific Committee of the URA CNRS 367, "Écologie des Eaux Douces", 1990–1993
Member of the Scientific Committee of the Centre d'Études Biologiques de Chizé, 1998–2001
Chairman of various UMR evaluation committees.
Distinctions
First prize, first researcher's film festival, Nancy, March 1996, "Glaros, Biologie d'une population de Mouettes rieuses". Video Film (26''), L'Esplanade Saint-Étienne Vidéo. Saint-Étienne. (Director: J.C. PARAYRE, Scientific Advisor, J.-D. LEBRETON).
"Visiting Professor", University of Kent (Canterbury, Great Britain), 1996–2001.
CNRS Silver medal, 1990.
Chevalier in the Ordre national du Mérite, on the proposal of the Minister of Regional Planning and the Environment, November 1998
Member of the French Academy of sciences (elected on 28 November 2005).
Grand Prize of the French Society of Ecology and Evolution.
Few Bibliographic references
Lebreton, J.-D., Burnham, K. P., Clobert, J. & Anderson, D. R. Modeling survival and testing biological hypotheses using marked animals: a unified approach with case studies. Ecological Monographs, 1992, 62: 67–118. (4028 citations)
Lebreton, J.-D. & Pradel, R. Multistate recapture models: modelling incomplete individual histories. Journal of Applied Statistics. 2002, 29: 353–369. (311 citations)
Lebreton, J.-D., Nichols, J.D., Barker, R.J. Pradel, R. & Spendelow, J.A. Modeling individual animal histories with multistate capture-recapture models. Advances in Ecological Research, 2009, 41: 87–173. (186 citations)
Choquet, R., Lebreton, J.-D., Gimenez, O., Reboulet A.-M., Pradel, R. -U-CARE: Utilities for performing goodness of fit tests and manipulating CApture-REcapture data. Ecography, 2009, 32: 1071–1074. (449 citations)
Lebreton, J.-D. & Gimenez O. Detecting and estimating Density-Dependence in wildlife populations. Journal of Wildlife Management, 2013, 77: 12–23 (Published on line27 AUG 2012 | DOI: 10.1002/jwmg.425) (45 citations)
Niel, C. & Lebreton, J.-D. Using demographic invariants to detect overharvested bird populations from incomplete data. Conservation Biology, 2005, 19: 826–835. (125 citations)
Lebreton J.-D. Dynamical and Statistical models for exploited populations. Australian and New-Zealand Journal of Statistics, 2005, 47: 49–63. (103 citations)
Henaux, V., Bregnballe, T. & Lebreton, J.-D. Dispersal and recruitment during population growth in a colonial bird, the Great Cormorant. Journal of Avian Biology, 2007, 38: 44–57. (90 citations)
Lebreton, J.-D. Demographic models for subdivided populations: the renewal equation approach. Theoretical Population Biology, 1996, 49: 291–313. (113 citations)
References
1950 births
Living people
Scientists from Saint-Étienne
French biologists
French mathematicians
French ornithologists
CNRS research directors
CNRS awards
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Members of Academia Europaea
Modryń-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Mircze, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 400.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Günalan is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
A 66 block is a type of punchdown block used to connect sets of wires in a telephone system. They have been manufactured in four configurations, A, B, E and M. A and B styles have the clip rows on 0.25" centers while E and M have the clip rows on 0.20" centers. The blocks have 25 slotted holes on the left side for position the incoming building cable with a 50 slot fanning strip on the right side for distribution cables. They have been obsolete for many years. The B & M styles have 50 slot fanning strip on both sides. The B style is used mainly in distribution panels where several destinations (often 1A2 key telephones) need to connect to the same source. The M blocks are often used to connect a single instrument to such a distribution block. The E style has 5 columns of 10 2 clips rows and are used for transitioning from the 25 pair distribution cable to a 25 pair RJ21 style female ribbon connector.
66 blocks are designed to terminate 20 through 26 AWG insulated solid copper wire or 18 & 19 gauge skinned solid copper wire. The 66 series connecting block, introduced in the Bell System in 1962, was the first terminating device with insulation displacement connector technology. The term 66 blocks reflects its Western Electric model number.
The 25-pair standard non-split 66 blocks contains 50 rows; each row has two (E) or four (M) or six (A) & (B) columns of clips that are electrically bonded. The 25-pair split 50 66 blocks is the industry standard for easy termination of voice cabling, and is a standard network termination by telephone companies—generally on commercial properties. Each row contains four (M) or six (B) clips, but the left-side clips are electrically isolated from the right-side clips. Smaller versions also exist with fewer rows for smaller-scale use, such as residential.
66 E blocks are available pre-assembled with an RJ-21 female connector that accepts a quick connection to a 25-pair cable with a male end. These connections are typically made between the block and the customer premises equipment (CPE).
Use
Circuit pairs are connected to the block with a punch-down tool by terminating the tip wire on the leftmost slot of one row and ring wire on the leftmost slot of the row beneath the mating tip wire. Typically, a 25-pair cable coming from the phone company is punched down on the left side of a split-type block in pairs. The right hand side of the block is wired to the customer premises equipment with jumper wires. Bridging clips are used to connect the two center terminals, connecting the left-hand side of a split block with its right-hand side, thus completing the circuit. The clips form the point of interface between the subscriber and the provider. The bridging clips can be easily removed by either the subscriber or phone company personnel for trouble isolation, allowing the ability to split a circuit and determine in which direction trouble may exist. An orange insulating cover attached to a 66 block denotes its designation as a demarcation point by the local exchange carrier.
Modern 110 blocks (Originally designated as 88 blocks) have largely supplanted 66 blocks for new commercial installations at the end of the 20th century, as the capability for a circuit to carry digital data overlaid its ability to carry analog voice conversations. 110 block termination is almost always compliant with Category 5 (or higher) and therefore capable of supporting 100 MHz (or faster) signaling. Compared to 110 and higher-density wire terminating blocks, 66 blocks are physically large; and because of their maximum 16 MHz Category 3 signaling compatibility, they are ill-suited for high speed (faster than 10BASE-T) data circuits. However, special Category 5e Certified 66 blocks are available from manufacturers such as Siemon which meet all standards for Cat5e termination.
Split 50 66 blocks are still used as network interface blocks in distribution frames to interconnect circuits with bridging clips, but are primarily limited to narrowband circuits such as POTS/DSL, DS0, or DS1 circuits.
See also
National Electric Code
25-pair color code
110 blocks
References
Telephony equipment
Local loop
USS Hyac (SP-216) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.
Hyac was built as a civilian motorboat of the same name in 1915 by the Weckler Boat Company at Chicago, Illinois. The U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner, W. M. Derby of Chicago, in 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel. She was commissioned as USS Hyac (SP-216) on 5 July 1917.
Based at Chicago and assigned to the "9th, 10th, and 11th Naval Districts"—at the time a single administrative entity made up of the 9th Naval District, 10th Naval District, and 11th Naval District -- Hyac served as a patrol boat on the Great Lakes between Chicago and Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, during World War I.
Following the end of the war, Hyac was returned to her owner on 26 November 1918.
References
Department of the Navy: Navy History and Heritage Command: Online Library of Selected Images: U.S. Navy Ships: USS Hyac (SP-216), 1917-1918.
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive: Hyac (SP 216)
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in Chicago
1915 ships
Great Lakes ships
Wola Studzieńska-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Szewce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Szewce
The 1988 Princeton Tigers football team was an American football team that represented Princeton University during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Princeton tied for third in the Ivy League.
In their second year under head coach Steve Tosches, the Tigers compiled a 6–4 record and outscored opponents 269 to 208. Quarterback Jason Garrett was the team captain.
Princeton's 4–3 conference record tied for third in the Ivy League standings. The Tigers outscored Ivy opponents 167 to 130.
Princeton played its home games at Palmer Stadium on the university campus in Princeton, New Jersey.
Schedule
References
Princeton
Princeton Tigers football seasons
Princeton Tigers football
Floyd County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,627. The county seat is Charles City.
History
Floyd County was established in 1854 and was named for Sergeant Charles Floyd of the Lewis and Clark Expedition, who died in 1804 near what is now Sioux City, Iowa, and who was the only member to die on the Expedition.
The first school in the county was taught at Nora Springs in 1854. The second was opened at Charles City, the third at Floyd. Twelve years later there were 54 schools in the county, in September 1875, there were 100 school-houses in Floyd County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 18
U.S. Highway 218
Iowa Highway 14
Iowa Highway 27
Adjacent counties
Mitchell County (north)
Chickasaw County (east)
Butler County (south)
Cerro Gordo County (west)
Howard County (northeast)
Bremer County (southeast)
Franklin County (southwest)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 15,627 in the county, with a population density of . 96.21% of the population reported being of one race. There were 7,314 housing units of which 6,674 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 16,303 in the county, with a population density of . There were 7,526 housing units, of which 6,886 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 16,900 people, 6,828 households, and 4,711 families residing in the county. The population density was 34 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 7,317 housing units at an average density of 15 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.11% White, 0.23% Black or African American, 0.09% Native American, 0.43% Asian, 0.09% Pacific Islander, 0.44% from other races, and 0.60% from two or more races. 1.31% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,828 households, out of which 30.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.70% were married couples living together, 7.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.00% were non-families. 28.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.92.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.10% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 24.40% from 25 to 44, 24.20% from 45 to 64, and 19.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 93.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,237, and the median income for a family was $41,133. Males had a median income of $30,285 versus $20,867 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,091. About 6.50% of families and 9.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.00% of those under age 18 and 5.70% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Charles City
Colwell
Floyd
Marble Rock
Nora Springs
Rockford
Rudd
Unincorporated communities
Midway
Powersville
Roseville (a census-designated place)
Townships
Floyd County is divided into twelve townships:
Cedar
Floyd
Niles
Pleasant Grove
Riverton
Rock Grove
Rockford
Rudd
Saint Charles
Scott
Ulster
Union
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Floyd County.
† county seat
Politics
Prior to 1988, Floyd County was strongly Republican in presidential elections. In only four elections from 1896 to 1984 did a Republican presidential candidate fail to win the county. Starting with the 1988 election, the county consistently backed Democratic Party presidential candidates up until the 2012 election. In the presidential election of 2016, the county swung 29.5 points Republican with Donald Trump winning the county by over 14 points after Barack Obama won the county by a similar margin 4 years earlier.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Floyd County, Iowa
Parks in Floyd County, Iowa
The Floyd County Court House, completed in 1940, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
References
External links
Official Floyd County website
Floyd County Museum
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
National Highway 516E, commonly called NH 516E is a national highway in India. It is a spur road of National Highway 16. NH-516E traverses the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Route
Rajamundry, Junction with SH38/41 south of Rampachodavaram, Koyyuru, Chintapalli, Lambasingi, Vanjari, G.Madugula, Paderu, Araku, Bowadara, Tadipudi, Vizianagaram.
Junctions
Terminal in Rajamundry.
Terminal near Vizianagaram.
See also
List of National Highways in India by highway number
List of National Highways in India by state
References
External links
NH 516E on OpenStreetMap
National highways in India
National Highways in Andhra Pradesh
Putnowice Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The 1938 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 8, 1938, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The Liberal Party was returned to power under its new leader, William John Patterson, but it lost twelve of the seats it had held in the previous legislature. The Liberals faced several new forces in this election.
The Co-operative Commonwealth Federation, a democratic socialist party led by George Hara Williams, became the official opposition winning over 18% of the vote and ten seats in its first election. The party previously had five seats after the Farmer-Labour Group became the Saskatchewan CCF following the previous election.
The Social Credit Party of Saskatchewan, which promoted the social credit theories of monetary reform, rode a wave of popularity from the 1935 electoral success of its Alberta counterpart and collected almost 16% of the votes, but won only two seats.
Six "Unity" candidates also ran in an attempt to create a popular front of the Communists, CCF supporters and various populists. Although two were elected, they received only a very small fraction of the overall vote.
The Conservative Party – under its new leader, John Diefenbaker – continued its decline as their share of the popular vote fell from 25% to under 12%. The party won no seats. Diefenbaker later had considerably more success in the federal Conservative Party, eventually becoming leader and sweeping the party to power in the 1958 election with a huge majority.
Results
|- bgcolor=CCCCCC
!rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center|Party
!rowspan=2 align=center|Party leader
!rowspan=2|Candidates
!colspan=4 align=center|Seats
!colspan=3 align=center|Popular vote
|- bgcolor=CCCCCC
|align="center"|1934
|align="center"|Dissol.
|align="center"|Elected
|align="center"|% Change
|align="center"|#
|align="center"|%
|align="center"|% Change
|align="center"|William Patterson
|align="right"| 53
|align="right"|50
|align="right"|50
|align="right"| 38
|align="right"|-24%
|align="right"|200,334
|align="right"|45.45%
|align="right"|-2.55%
|align="center"|George Williams
|align="right"| 31
|align="right"|5
|align="right"|5
|align="right"| 10
|align="right"|+100%
|align="right"|82,529
|align="right"|18.73%
|align="right"|-5.26%
|align="center"|Joseph Needham(default)
|align="right"| 40
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| 2
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|70,084
|align="right"|15.90%
|align="right"|*
|align=left|Unity
|align="center"|
|align="right"| 3
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| 2
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|9,848
|align="right"|2.24%
|align="right"|+2.00%
|align=left|Conservative
|align="center"|John Diefenbaker
|align="right"| 24
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|52,315
|align="right"|11.87%
|align="right"|-14.88%
| colspan=2 align=left|Independent Labour
|align="right"| 3
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|12,039
|align="right"|2.73%
|align="right"|+2.40%
|align=left|Labour Progressive
|align="center"|
|align="right"| 2
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|8,514
|align="right"|1.93%
|align="right"|*
| colspan=2 align=left|Independent
|align="right"| 2
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|4,023
|align="right"|0.91%
|align="right"|+0.22%
| colspan=2 align=left|Independent Conservative
|align="right"| 1
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|828
|align="right"|0.19%
|align="right"|*
|-
| bgcolor="ACDEAD"|
| colspan=2 align=left|Independent Social Credit
|align="right"| 1
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|228
|align="right"|0.05%
|align="right"|*
|-
|colspan=3| Total
|align="right"| 160
|align="right"|55
|align="right"|55
|align="right"| 52
|align="right"|-5.5%
|align="right"|440,742
|align="right"|100%
|align="right"|
|-
| align="center" colspan=11|Source: Elections Saskatchewan
|-
Note: * Party did not nominate candidates in previous election.
Percentages
Ranking
Riding results
Names in bold represent cabinet ministers and the Speaker. Party leaders are italicized. The symbol " ** " indicates MLAs who are not running again.
Northwestern Saskatchewan
|style="width: 130px"|Liberal
|Paul Prince
|align="right"|3,289
|align="right"|61.76%
|align="right"|+13.71%
|CCF
|Max Campbell
|align="right"|2,036
|align="right"|38.24%
|align="right"|+18.41%
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|5,325
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|style="width: 130px"|Liberal
|Hubert Staines
|align="right"|Acclaimed
|align="right"|100.00%
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|Acclamation
!align="right"|
Northeastern Saskatchewan
|-
|style="width: 130px"|CCF
|Joe Burton
|align="right"|3,909
|align="right"|50.90%
|align="right"|+4.75%
|Liberal
|Charles Dunn
|align="right"|3,771
|align="right"|49.10%
|align="right"|+0.41%
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,680
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|style="width: 130px"|Liberal
|Harry Fraser
|align="right"|Acclaimed
|align="right"|100.00%
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|Acclamation
!align="right"|
West Central Saskatchewan
East Central Saskatchewan
Southwest Saskatchewan
Southeast Saskatchewan
Urban constituencies
| style="width: 130px"|Liberal
|(x) Bernard J. McDaniel
|align="right"|10,197
|align="right"|49.52%
|align="right"|–
|Conservative
|Reginald M. Balfour
|align="right"|5,809
|align="right"|28.21%
|align="right"|–
|CCF
|Charles Cromwell Williams
|align="right"|4,298
|align="right"|20.87%
|align="right"|–
|Social Credit –Farmer-Labour
|J.B. McLeod
|align="right"|156
|align="right"|0.76%
|align="right"|–
|Social Credit
|Cornelius Rink
|align="right"|133
|align="right"|0.64%
|align="right"|–
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|20,593
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
See also
List of Saskatchewan political parties
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
Notes
References
Brown, Lorne A. "The Early CCF in Saskatchewan." In The Prairie Agrarian Movement Revisited, edited by Murray Knuttila and Bob Stirling, 169-185. Regina: Canadian Plains Research Center, 2007.
Saskatchewan Archives Board - Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan - Provincial Vote Summaries
Further reading
1938 elections in Canada
1938 in Saskatchewan
1938
June 1938 events
Galuzardab (, also romanized as Galūzardāb; also known as Gol Zardeh and Gol Zardū) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 185, in 33 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
FL Studio Mobile is a digital audio workstation available for Android, iOS and Windows UWP.
The program allows for the creation of complete multi-track music projects, which can then be exported in WAV, MP3 and MIDI formats, to work with other digital audio workstations, or in .FLM project format to be opened in FL Studio 10.0.5 or later. Various features include a step sequencer, piano roll, keyboard, drum pad, track editor, effects, and 133 sampled instruments including synths and drum kits. Instruments can also be added as .zip or .instr files.
Release
On June 21, 2011, Image-Line released FL Studio Mobile and FL Studio Mobile HD, versions of their Windows digital audio workstation FL Studio. FL Studio Mobile was designed by Artua and developed in cooperation with the makers of Music Studio. Image-Line released the program at an introductory price of $15.99 ($19.99 for the HD version), and both versions are available for download at the App Store. In November/December 2016 Image-Line released FL Studio Mobile 3 on the Android (Google Play Store) then iOS (Apple App Store) and finally Windows (Windows App Store). FL Studio Mobile 3 was a completely new application developed in-house at Image-Line, replacing the existing FL Studio Mobile 2, Artua developed version. The price was revised downward to US$14.99.
FL Studio Mobile 1.0 is compatible with devices that operate iOS 3.1.3 or later, specifically all iPhones and iPod Touch models. iPad 1 and iPad 2 can run either FL Studio Mobile or FL Studio Mobile HD, and the HD version requires iOS 4.2 or later. The iPhone 4 version includes Retina Display support.
Features
Track editor
The program has a track editor mode that supports 99 layered tracks. Features include adding, duplicating, and deleting tracks, changing the track's instruments, setting song signature and tempo, an effect bus setting, a pan knob, a volume fader, and mute and solo buttons.
Piano roll editor
The piano roll editor allows for manually drawing notes, selecting multiple notes by dragging a rectangle, changing the length of multiple notes at once, setting note volume, and moving, duplicating, and quantizing notes.
Step sequencer
The step sequencer allows for recording one measure of a melody or beat at a time, then turning it into a loop. It allows for the creation of multiple sounds in one instrument track, and adjusting the pitch and velocity of each individual step.
Keyboard and drum pad
The keyboard feature is both resizable and stackable, allowing for 5 simultaneous touches, and 10 touches on the iPad. It has 3 key label modes, fullscreen support, melody and loop recording, two device orientations, and a fully configurable metronome. Pitch-bend and velocity can be applied to notes entered with the keyboard, drum pads or the piano-roll editor. The non-HD version is compatible with the Akai SynthStation 25, a plug-in piano keyboard for iPhone and iPod Touch.
Instruments
Version 1.0 comes built in with 133 sampled instruments, which cover musical styles such as classical, jazz, rock, electronic, and others. There are synths and drum kits included, as well as Slicex Loops. Pitchbend can be controlled with device tilt. iOS, and therefore FL Studio Mobile, does not support VST plugins. As of version 1.1, user instruments can be created using .instr and .zip files.
Effects
Version 1.0 comes with 5 real-time effects, including reverb, delay to create echo, equalizer, amp simulator with two overdrive types, and filter with resonance and optional tilt control. There is also a limiter for song volume. Effects can be turned on or off on an individual channel or applied to an entire project.
Importing, exporting
Version 1.0 doesn't support importing samples, though Image-Line has announced that future updates will incorporate the feature. The program supports iTunes file sharing, and audio can be exported in WAV and MIDI formats so they can be worked on in other digital audio workstations. Projects can be saved in .FLM format and then loaded onto Microsoft Windows to be opened with FL Studio version 10.0.5. or later. This can be done either on a Windows PC running FL studio natively, or an Apple computer using either Boot Camp or virtualization.
Version history
FL Studio Mobile
FL Studio Mobile 3 was released on the Google Play Store on October 25, 2016. The iOS and Windows UWP versions were released two months later.
See also
Sytrus
References
External links
Audio editors
Digital audio workstation software
Music looping
2011 software
Music production software
Soundtrack creation software
IOS software
FL Studio
101-in-1 Explosive Megamix is a video game developed by Nordcurrent and published by Atlus for the Nintendo DS. It was first released in Europe on November 28, 2008 and features 10 hours' worth of minigames. A version for the WiiWare service was released on September 22, 2011 in Europe and on October 13, 2011 in North America.
The Nintendo DS version received mostly mixed reviews. By contrast, the WiiWare version received overwhelmingly negative reviews, with most criticism directed towards the repetitive minigames and the controls.
Gameplay
Players can use the stylus and touch screen to test their reflexes in action minigames like racing and skydiving, take on sporting events such as basketball, curling, and archery, strategize with tank and space combat games, or play match three, Sudoku, and jigsaw puzzles. Gamers who set high scores earn gold coins that can be used to unlock other activities, and those looking for multiplayer action take on friends in multi-card wireless play.
Development
On February 9, 2009, Atlus U.S.A., Inc. announced that it had secured the North American publishing rights from Nordcurrent for 101-in-1 Explosive Megamix for Nintendo DS. Players could challenge a friend to multiplayer competition through local wireless play. It was scheduled for release on April 21, 2009 for a price of US$19.99.
Reception
The Nintendo DS version of 101-in-1 Explosive Megamix received mixed reviews. Nintendo World Report commented "101-in-1 Explosive Megamix is the definitive bad budget title. Some of the mini-games are remotely fun, but others feel like a chore. With so many poor and forgettable games on the compilation, it's hard to recommend this one". Eurogamer stated "There is so little replay potential here, so little urge to top high scores or perfect shoddy make-do attempts, that completing each task feels more of a relief than an achievement". Game Revolution commented "You're better off putting on a blindfold, walking into a rack of DS titles, and picking the game that your face lands on".
The WiiWare version, however, received extremely negative reviews. IGN commented "[...] keep your cash held back from this 'value' option. It's a waste of money no matter how the math works out". IGN also criticized the game being a direct port from the DS and the iPhone. Official Nintendo Magazine UK noted "You'll find it tough to unlock all 101 games. Not that you'd want to bother because they're so abysmal, not even of the standard of your average Flash game". Review aggregator Metacritic gave the game 16/100 based on 5 reviews, and is the lowest-rated Wii game on the website. Game Revolution gave the game a "D−". GamesRadar+ gave the game a 4/10. Nintendo Life said that none of the games were fun to play and gave the game 3 out of 10 stars.
References
External links
Nintendo DS games
2008 video games
WiiWare games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games developed in Lithuania
Warrick County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, the population was 63,898. The county seat is Boonville. It was organized in 1813 and was named for Captain Jacob Warrick, an Indiana militia company commander killed in the Battle of Tippecanoe in 1811. It is one of the ten fastest-growing counties in Indiana.
Warrick County is the eastern part of the Evansville, IN–KY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Warrick County was formed by statute, March 9, 1813, effective April 30, 1813. Knox County was affected by this formation and Warrick and Gibson Counties were both created out of this area of Knox County between the White River and the Ohio River. The boundaries of this area began at the mouth of the Wabash River; then up the Wabash River with the meanders thereof to the mouth of the White River; then up the White River with the meanders thereof to the Forks of the White River; then up White River East Fork to where the line between Sections 20 and 29, Township 1 North, Range 4 West, strikes the same; then with that line to the then Gibson County line; then with that line dividing Gibson and Knox Counties to the Ohio River; then down the Ohio River, to the place of beginning.
The same was divided into two separate and distinct counties, by a line beginning on the Wabash River, known as Rector's baseline (was surveyed by William Rector on the line between Townships 4 South and 5 South, from New Harmony, Posey County, and Alton, Crawford County, Indiana), and with that line east until it intersects the then Gibson County line and that tract of land falling within the southern division thereof was Warrick County. However, because Gibson County organized a month earlier on April 1, this entire territory fell under Gibson County's jurisdiction. Within Warrick County's original jurisdiction included large portions but not entire portions of Crawford, Perry, Posey, Vanderburgh, and roughly 2/3s of Warrick County's current jurisdiction. Evansville was the original county seat, followed by Yankeetown, Newburgh, and finally Boonville, the current seat.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 98.41%) is land and (or 1.60%) is water.
Adjacent Counties
Pike County - north (ET)
Dubois County - northeast (ET)
Spencer County - east
Daviess County, Kentucky - southeast
Henderson County, Kentucky - south & southwest
Vanderburgh County - west
Gibson County - northwest
Cities and towns
Boonville
Chandler
Elberfeld
Lynnville
Newburgh
Tennyson
Unincorporated towns
Ash Iron Springs
Baugh City
Bullocktown
Camp Brosend
Center
Dayville
De Gonia Springs
Dickeyville
Eames
Eby
Fisherville
Folsomville
Graham Valley
Greenbrier
Heilman
Hemenway
Hillcrest Terrace
Jarretts
Jockey
Loafers Station
Millersburg
New Hope
Paradise
Pelzer
Red Bush
Rolling Acres
Rosebud
Rustic Hills
Saint John
Scalesville
Selvin
Stanley
Stevenson
Turpin Hill
Vanada
Victoria
Wheatonville
Yankeetown
Townships
Anderson
Boon
Campbell
Greer
Hart
Lane
Ohio
Owen
Pigeon
Skelton
Major highways
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Boonville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1999. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in September to in March.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 59,689 people, 22,505 households, and 17,009 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 24,203 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.0% white, 1.6% Asian, 1.3% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 0.5% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 35.3% were German, 15.4% were Irish, 13.4% were American, and 12.5% were English.
Of the 22,505 households, 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.4% were non-families, and 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.02. The median age was 39.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $73,583. Males had a median income of $51,961 versus $32,885 for females. The per capita income for the county was $29,737. About 3.9% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.4% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Four representatives are elected from county districts, and three are elected as "at-large" members. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, assessor, and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Education
The county's school corporation is Warrick County School Corporation which consists of 16 schools (two high schools, one senior/junior high, three middle schools, ten elementary schools, and one alternative school). In the Fall of 2009, the corporation transitioned its stand-alone Junior High schools in the Boonville and Castle High School Districts from the Junior High system to the Middle School system, with the addition of one middle school (Castle South Middle School) in the Castle District. Castle Junior High was renamed Castle North Middle School. Warrick County's three middle schools are composed of grades six through eight.
Warrick County School Corporation
Warrick County High Schools
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Warrick County, Indiana
References
External links
Warrick County government's website
Warrick County Community Foundation website
Boonville / Warrick County youth sports website
Indiana counties
1813 establishments in Indiana Territory
Populated places established in 1813
Indiana counties on the Ohio River
Evansville metropolitan area
Southwestern Indiana
Artem Nikolayevich Chebotarev (; born 26 October 1988 in Stepnoye, Saratov Oblast, Russian SFSR) is a Russian amateur boxer who competes in the -75 kg weight division. He won a bronze medal at the 2013 AIBA World Boxing Championships.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
1988 births
Russian male boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Olympic boxers of Russia
Boxers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Middleweight boxers
Bro Aberffraw is an electoral ward in the southern corner of Anglesey, Wales. It comprises the three communities of Aberffraw, Bodorgan and Rhosyr (Newborough and Dwyran). Canolbarth Môn elects two county councillors to the Isle of Anglesey County Council.
Bro Aberffraw was one of the eleven multi-councillor wards created following the Isle of Anglesey electoral boundary changes in 2012. Prior to this the Bro Aberffraw area was covered by a separate Rhosyr ward and the majority of an Aberffraw ward and Bodorgan county ward which each elected their own county councillor.
At the May 2017 county elections, former county council leader Bryan Owen (who lost his seat for Canolbarth Môn in 2013) became a Bro Aberffraw councillor, standing as an Independent. Another Independent, Peter Rogers, won the second seat. The third placed Plaid Cymru candidate lost by only six votes. He had demanded a recount, but this was refused by the returning officer.
References
Wards of Anglesey
2012 establishments in Wales
Miguel Eduardo Galván Meza (October 13, 1957 – April 14, 2008) was a Mexican comedian and actor, known for his appearances on TV shows like La Parodia and La Hora Pico.
He died due to a respiratory arrest in a hospital.
Biography
He was born in Juan Aldama, Zacatecas, and studied to be an architect before taking three years of theatre classes. He rose to fame in a TV commercial for the defunct bank Bital (now HSBC México) where he played a filthy but comic prison inmate. His nickname La Tartamuda (The Stutterer, a comparison with the onomatopowia of a gun firing bullets) originated from this part.
He acted in films including Perdita Durango (1997), Sexo, pudor y lágrimas (1999) and Mejor que la vida (2008), although he was most famous for his TV work. He starred in La Hora Pico (Rush Hour), first aired in 2000. In the show, he took the role of many characters such as La Madre Sota (Spanish word-play, "the big mother"), El Pollero. In La Parodia he played characters like Shrek, Carmelita Salinas (after Carmen Salinas), Laura (after Laura Bozzo), and others, starring along with Arath de la Torre, Angélica Vale and "Los Masca Brothers", Freddy and Germán Ortega.
He also starred in several Mexican telenovelas. In 2003, he co-starred with Andrea Legarreta and Eduardo Capetillo in the children's soap opera ¡Vivan los niños!, and in 2007 on Destilando Amor which marked his last TV appearance.
Death
He suffered diabetes and hypertension. He was hospitalized when he fainted after a theatrical performance. He had three hemodialysis sessions, but his health continued to deteriorate and he died on Monday, April 14, 2008. He was cremated, and, following his wishes, half of his ashes went to a church in Lindavista, the other half were scattered in the sea off Acapulco.
References
External links
Comediantes.net
El Universal on Galván's death
1957 births
2008 deaths
Mexican male comedians
Mexican male film actors
Mexican male telenovela actors
Mexican male television actors
Male actors from Zacatecas
20th-century Mexican male actors
21st-century Mexican male actors
20th-century comedians
Ingrid Røstad Fløtten (born 1954) is a Norwegian judge and politician. She served as the acting County Governor of Finnmark county from 31 August 1990 until 31 July 1993.
Ingrid Røstad Fløtten was born on 18 June 1954 in Norway.
Fløtten was a judge for the Vardø municipal court for many years. Prior to 31 December 2004, she was the chairwoman for SEFO in Troms and Finnmark. SEFO was the predecessor to the present-day Norwegian Bureau for the Investigation of Police Affairs.
In 2011, she was named the leader of the committee that was to review the weapons laws in Norway in response to the 2011 Norway attacks.
References
1954 births
Living people
Norwegian judges
County Governors of Norway
Slaughter Hotel (), also known as Asylum Erotica and Cold Blooded Beast, is a 1971 Italian giallo horror film directed by Fernando Di Leo and starring Klaus Kinski. The film follows a masked killer murdering the wealthy female inmates of a sanitorium. The building that was used as the mental hospital in this film was used several years earlier as the set for the 1966 giallo The Murder Clinic.
Plot
A hooded, axe-wielding killer lurks around a large rural villa which has been converted into an asylum. It begins when a woman named Ruth is committed to the clinic by her husband. She attempts to escape by assaulting an orderly as well as attempting suicide, but is restrained. One of the residents, named Cheryl, is visited by her husband, Mr. Hume, who had committed her because of a suicide attempt due to her stressful job working as head of their company. Mr. Hume talks with the clinic director Dr. Francis Clay and his associate, Dr. Austin, about the possibility of Cheryl being cured. Dr. Clay tells Mr. Hume that Cheryl's suicidal urges may relapse once she is released, but Hume thinks that his wife only needs some more rest at the clinic.
Meanwhile, Helen is a nurse who is tending to resident Mara, who tells Nurse Helen that she seems to be improving with her treatment. Another patient is Anne, who is a diagnosed nymphomaniac. Anne attempts to follow the gardener to seduce him, but she is called back to her room by Dr. Austin, who counsels her about her "impulsive" and "excessive" sexual desires. Anne is visited by her brother, Peter, and wants them to return to the 'affectionate' ways they together had as children, and clearly has sexual feelings for him. Peter says they must resist this now they are adults.
Later that evening, as the attendants and patents sit in a room to mingle and play cards and board games, Anne sneaks out the front door and runs to the greenhouse. The hooded and cloaked person is outside, and after a nurse walks by (seeing and ignoring the person), she is beheaded with a scythe.
Anne sees the gardener, takes off all her clothes, approaches him, and seduces him into having sex with her in the greenhouse. Meanwhile, Helen goes to Mara's room and tells her that she can join the others if she wants and says that she will check on her later. Dr. Austin is told that Anne is missing, and the attendants go to find her. After having sex with Anne, the gardener tells her that she must leave for he will suffer the consequences of their tryst. Anne does not want to leave, so the gardener smacks her. Anne hits him back, calmly puts her clothes back on and leaves. She walks over and kisses the male attendants that find her until Austin calls her to stop. Meanwhile, Cheryl asks Dr. Clay if she will be like she was before, and the doctor tells her that she has been cured.
The killer goes back inside the clinic, gets a knife, and unlocks Ruth's door as she sleeps. The killer takes off his hood and Ruth awakens and she goes for the killer with the knife, but she gets knocked aside and the killer then chokes her and stabs Ruth in the chest.
Dr. Austin looks around the hallway with a flashlight and finds Nurse Helen, who says that she heard a noise. A chauffeur enters the building and drinks all of the drinks left over from the get-together. After looking around, the killer shows up and murders the chauffeur by pushing him into an iron-maiden-esque device, and his blood pours out. The killer next walks around with a sword and angrily hits on the bed in Cheryl's empty room. Cheryl meets with Dr. Clay in the hallway and they leave together. Dr. Clay and Cheryl talk of their potential relationship, and he leaves to "do the rounds."
While Nurse Helen enters Mara's room and clearly attempts to seduce her while Mara is taking a bath, the killer walks into Anne's room while she sleeps, shuts her window, and takes off his hood. Anne's eyes open, she sees the killer standing over her bed and asks him to lie down next to her. The killer chooses instead to axe her to a bloody death.
Back in Mara's room, she dances a bit for Helen to a song on the radio. As Mara looks out of her window, the killer fires a crossbow, hitting her in the neck with an arrow, killing her instantly. Helen screams, and a crowd gathers outside her door. Austin and Clay see the dead woman, and Austin tells an attendant not to let anyone in the room. The two doctors and Cheryl look around the building when they find blood on the antique weapons and discover the chauffeur's body. Clay points out that the other sword from the display is missing, and Austin finally calls the police, stating to the police commissioner that the killer is still inside the clinic.
The police and medical attendants remove the bodies of Anne, Ruth, Mara, and the other nurse from the area, but they are angry that Dr. Austin moved some weapons and tried to keep the killings a secret, thus making him an accessory after-the-fact. The police inspector suggests using Cheryl as bait, and Dr. Clay tries to get her to rethink the idea after she agrees to it.
While all the other clinic patients are moved into a single room for their own protection, Cheryl awaits in her room. The killer approaches with a rope to strangle where he removes his hood... finally revealing himself to be her husband, Hume. The police detectives show up before he can finish strangling Cheryl and chase Hume around the building. Clay and Austin theorize that Cheryl's husband wanted to kill his wife for some time and he created the idea of a maniac spree killer so that no one would suspect him of Cheryl's murder. Hume knocks out two of the cops chasing him and upon running into a room to hide, discovers all of the clinic's female nurses in it. Hume goes on a brutal killing spree, killing every woman in the room before the police run in and finally shoot Hume dead.
Cast
Klaus Kinski as Dr. Francis Clay
Margaret Lee as Cheryl Hume
Rosalba Neri as Anne Palmieri
Jane Garret as Mara
John Karlsen as Professor Osterman
Gioia Desideri as Ruth
John Ely as Gardener
Fernando Cerulli as Augusto, the chauffeur
Sandro Rossi
Giulio Baraghini as Policeman
Ettore Geri as Inspector
Antonio Radaelli
Monica Strebel as Nurse Helen
Carla Mancini as Nurse
Release
The film was released theatrically in the United States by Hallmark Releasing and American International Pictures in 1972 under the titles Slaughter Hotel and Asylum Erotica, where it was usually shown on double and triple bills with other Hallmark/AIP releases such as Twitch of the Death Nerve and Don't Look in the Basement. There is also a version released in France under the title Les insatisfaites poupées érotiques du docteur Hitchcock containing explicit sexual scenes. The film was released on DVD by Media Blasters on their sub-label Shriek Show in 2004.
Reception
In a contemporary review, David McGillivray reviewed a dubbed 74 minute version of the film titled Cold Blooded Beast in the Monthly Film Bulletin. McGillivray found the film to be a "curde and mertricious Italian murder mystery" with "a great many killings (all clumsily presented without a trace of suspense) are interspersed with regular doses of sex, and the director has an annoying habit of regurgitating a good percentage of the footage each time a character recalls a past event."
References
External links
1971 films
1971 horror films
1970s slasher films
Italian erotic horror films
Erotic slasher films
Giallo films
1970s Italian-language films
Italian slasher films
Films directed by Fernando Di Leo
1970s Italian films
Yangming may refer to:
National Yang-ming University, university in Taipei, Taiwan
Wang Yangming (1472–1529), Chinese Neo-Confucian philosopher
Yangmingism, philosophical school of Neo-Confucianism
Yangming District, district of Mudanjiang, Heilongjiang, China
Yangming Station, metro station in Wuxi, Jiangsu, China
Yangming Mountains, mountain range in Hunan, China
Porschdorf () is a railway station in the village of Porschdorf in the municipality of Bad Schandau, Saxony, Germany.
The station is served by one train service, operated by DB Regio in cooperation with České dráhy: the National Park Railway. This service connects Děčín and Rumburk via Bad Schandau and Sebnitz.
References
External links
Network map
Porschdorf station at the Deutsche Bahn website
Städtebahn Sachsen website
Railway stations in Saxony
Bad Schandau
Dynoides spinipodus is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
spinipodus
was established in Miyazaki, Japan, in 1995. The collection focuses on artists from or associated with Miyazaki Prefecture and also includes works by Picasso, Klee, and Magritte.
See also
Miyazaki Prefectural Museum of Nature and History
Miyazaki Jingū
References
External links
Miyazaki Prefectural Art Museum
Miyazaki Prefectural Art Museum
Museums in Miyazaki Prefecture
Miyazaki (city)
Art museums and galleries in Japan
Prefectural museums
Art museums established in 1995
1995 establishments in Japan
Apatitic scale microfossils are a group of reticulate phosphatic plates found in the Neoproterozoic () strata of the Fifteenmile Group, Yukon, Canada. They represent some of the earliest examples of biologically induced biomineralization, using the mineral hydroxyapatite.
References
Microfossils
Neoproterozoic Canada
1627 Ivar, provisional designation , is an elongated stony asteroid and near-Earth object of the Amor group, approximately 15×6×6 km. It was discovered on 25 September 1929, by Danish astronomer Ejnar Hertzsprung at Leiden Southern Station, annex to the Johannesburg Observatory in South Africa. It was named after Ivar Hertzsprung, brother of the discoverer. 1627 Ivar was the first asteroid to be imaged by radar, in July 1985 by the Arecibo Observatory.
Classification and orbit
Ivar orbits the Sun at a distance of 1.1–2.6 AU once every 2 years and 6 months (929 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.40 and an inclination of 8° with respect to the ecliptic. Ivars observation arc begins with its official discovery observation in 1929, as no precoveries were taken, and no prior identifications were made.
It has an Earth minimum orbit intersection distance of which corresponds to 43.5 lunar distances. The eccentric Amor asteroid is also a Mars-crosser. In August 2074, it will pass Earth at 0.141 AU, closer than it actually approached Mars in July 1975 (0.150 AU).
Physical characteristics
In the SMASS and Tholen taxonomic scheme, Ivar is characterized as a common stony S-type asteroid.
Rotation period
A large number of rotational lightcurves of Ivar have been obtained from photometric observations since 1985 (see infobox). They give a well-defined rotation period between 4.795 and 4.80 hours with a brightness variation between 0.27 and 1.40 magnitude, indicative of its non-spheroidal shape (also see 3D-model image). New radar and visual observations refined the period to 4.7951689 ± 0.0000026 hours. Future photometric observations will show whether the YORP effect will slowly change the body's spin rate (as seen with 1862 Apollo).
In 1985, the body was observed with radar from the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico at a distance of 0.20 AU. The measured radar cross-section was 7.5 square kilometers. It was the first asteroid to be imaged by radar. Radar observations have been performed again in June & July 2013 and July 2018.
Diameter and albedo
According to the EXPLORENEOs survey carried out by the Spitzer Space Telescope, thermal infrared observations by the Keck Observatory, and NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, and thermal modeling by Alan Harris, Ivar measures between 8.37 and 10.2 kilometers in diameter, and it surfaces has an albedo between 0.09 and 0.15. The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link adopts an albedo of 0.151 and a diameter of 9.12 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 12.87. According to model based on radar and photometric observations Ivar is an elongated asteroid with maximum extensions along the three body-fixed coordinates being 15.15 × 6.25 × 5.66 km ± 10%.
Naming
This minor planet was named by the discoverer in honor of his late brother Ivar Hertzsprung. The official was published by the Minor Planet Center in February 1959 ().
References
External links
NeoDys entry on Ivar
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Asteroids and comets rotation curves, CdR – Observatoire de Genève, Raoul Behrend
001627
Discoveries by Ejnar Hertzsprung
Minor planets named for people
Named minor planets
001627
001627
001627
19290925
Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena is a biodiversity hotspot, which includes the tropical moist forests and tropical dry forests of the Pacific coast of South America and the Galapagos Islands. The region extends from easternmost Panama to the lower Magdalena Valley of Colombia, and along the Pacific coast of Colombia and Ecuador to the northwestern corner of Peru. Formerly called the Chocó-Darién-Western Ecuador Hotspot, it has been expanded to include several new areas, notably the Magdalena Valley in northern Colombia. It is bounded on the east by the Andes Mountains. The Tumbes-Choco-Magdalena Hotspot is 1,500 km long and encircles 274,597 km². Tumbes-Choco-Magdalena is near the Pacific Ocean. The factors that threaten Tumbes-Choco-Magdalena are farming encroachment, deforestation, illegal crops, and population growth. Whereas the Panamanian and Colombian portion of the hotspot are relatively intact, approximately 98% of native forest in coastal Ecuador has been cleared, rendering it the most threatened tropical forest in the world. The hotspot includes a wide variety of habitats, ranging from mangroves, beaches, rocky shorelines, and coastal wilderness to some of the world's wettest rain forests in the Colombian Chocó. The hotspot includes a number of ecoregions:
Chocó–Darién moist forests (Colombia, Ecuador, Panama)
Ecuadorian dry forests (Ecuador)
Guayaquil flooded grasslands (Ecuador)
Gulf of Guayaquil–Tumbes mangroves (Ecuador, Peru)
Galápagos Islands xeric scrub (Ecuador)
Magdalena Valley montane forests (Colombia)
Magdalena–Urabá moist forests (Colombia)
Manabí mangroves (Ecuador)
Tumbes–Piura dry forests (Ecuador, Peru)
Piura mangroves (Peru)
Western Ecuador moist forests (Colombia, Ecuador)
Some of the endemic species of this hotspot are the following:
Endemic Plant Species: 2,750
Endemic Threatened Birds: 21
Endemic Threatened Mammals: 7
Endemic Threatened Amphibians: 8
Human Population Density (people/km²): 51
References
External links
Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena at CEPF
Natural regions of South America
Ecoregions of Colombia
Ecoregions of Ecuador
Ecoregions of Panama
Geography of South America
Colombian coasts of the Pacific Ocean
Panamanian coasts of the Pacific Ocean
Natural regions of Colombia
Natural history of Ecuador
Natural history of Panama
Ecoregions of Central America
Ecoregions of South America
Neotropical ecoregions
The following lists events that have happened in 1907 in the Qajar dynasty.
Incumbents
Monarch: Mozaffar al-Din Shah Qajar (until January 3), Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar (starting January 3)
Prime Minister:
until March 7: Nasrullah Moshir al-Dowleh
March 7-March 17: vacant
March 17-April 29: Soltan-Ali Vazir-e Afkham
April 29-May 4: vacant
May 4-August 31: Ali-Asghar Khan Atabak
August 31-September 16: vacant
September 16-October 27: Ahmad Moshir al-Saltaneh
October 27-December 21: Abolqasem Naser al-Molk
starting December 21: Hossein-Qoli Nezam al-Saltaneh Mafi
Events
January 8 – Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar ascended to the crown.
August – an Anglo-Russian agreement divided Iran into two zones of interests: a Russian zone in the North and a British zone in the South.
Death
January 3 – Mozaffar ad-Din Shah Qajar died in Tehran at the age of 53.
References
Iran
Years of the 20th century in Iran
1900s in Iran
Iran
is a railway station in Hatsukaichi, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Ōnoura Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1919
MAM domain is an evolutionary conserved protein domain. It is an extracellular domain found in many receptors.
A 170 amino acid domain, the so-called MAM (meprin, A-5 protein, and receptor protein-tyrosine phosphatase mu) domain, has been recognised in the extracellular region of functionally diverse proteins. These proteins have a modular, receptor-like architecture comprising a signal peptide, an N-terminal extracellular domain, a single transmembrane domain and an intracellular domain. Such proteins include meprin (a cell surface glycoprotein); A5 antigen (a developmentally-regulated cell surface protein; Xenopus nrp1; ); and receptor-like tyrosine protein phosphatase. The MAM domain is thought to have an adhesive function. It contains 4 conserved cysteine residues, which probably form disulphide bridges.
Human proteins containing this domain
ALK; EGFL6; MAMDC2; MAMDC4; MDGA1; MDGA2; MEP1A; MEP1B;
NPNT; NRP1; NRP2; PRSS7; PTPRK; PTPRM; PTPRO; PTPRT;
PTPRU; ZAN
References
Protein domains
Single-pass transmembrane proteins
Helen Lee (born 3 January 1943 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former cricket player.
Lee played two tests for the Australia women's national cricket team. She was married to Ross Taylor, who played first-class cricket for New South Wales.
References
1943 births
Living people
Australia women Test cricketers
The Exchange Building is a 19-story skyscraper, which was formerly known as the Cotton Exchange Building and the Merchants Exchange Building, and is the twelfth-tallest building in Memphis, Tennessee. It should not be confused with the Memphis Cotton Exchange which is located on Front Street and Union Avenue. The Exchange Building is located at the corner of Second Street and Madison Avenue in downtown Memphis, Tennessee. It is tall and has of living space. The building is made of steel and concrete, and employs many decorative elements including Tennessee marble, granite, and detailed plaster work.
Location
The building, which has an alternate address of 130 Madison Avenue, sits on 0.25 acres at the northwest corner of Madison Avenue and Second Street, just south of Court Square, Memphis.
History
The building was built in 1910 by the Memphis Cotton and Merchants Exchange. Locally, it became known as the "Exchange Building." The building was designed by Memphis architect Neander Montgomery Woods Jr. in the Beaux Arts style.
The Exchange Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The building is listed as the Memphis Merchants Exchange in the National Register of Historic Places listings in Shelby County, Tennessee.
Current use
The building is used as a mixed use building with hotel units and residential apartments, with occupancy that includes the top floors. Conversion to residential use was completed in 1996. The building houses 202 units, including handicap equipped housing units.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Memphis
Downtown Memphis
National Register of Historic Places listings in Shelby County, Tennessee
References
External links
Emporis Listing of building
Skyscraper hotels in Memphis, Tennessee
Residential buildings completed in 1910
Residential skyscrapers in Memphis, Tennessee
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Beaux-Arts architecture in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Memphis, Tennessee
1910 establishments in Tennessee
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 2001:
2001
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 2001 at HKcinemamagic.com
2000
Lists of 2001 films by country or language
2001 in Hong Kong
The Greek root -phil- originates from the Greek word meaning "love". For example, philosophy (along with the Greek root -soph- meaning 'wisdom') is the study of human customs and the significance of life. One of the most common uses of the root -phil- is with philias.
A philia is the love or obsession with a particular thing or subject. The suffix -philia is used to specify the love or obsession with something more specific. It is somewhat antonymic to -phobia. Philias can be biological (e.g. rhizophilia, preference for living on roots) or chemical (e.g. chromophilous, materials that stain easily), or can be a hobby/liking (e.g. icthyophilia, love for fish)
Philia () as a Greek word for love refers to brotherly love, including friendship and affection. This contrasts to the Greek terms Eros, or sexual/romantic love, and agape, or detached, spiritual love. However, English usage differs in some cases from the etymological use, and several of these words refer in English not to brotherly love but to sexual attraction.
The suffix -phile (or, in a few cases, -philiac) applies to someone who has one of this philia. It is the antonym of -phobic.
Phil- (philo-) may also be used as a prefix with a similar meaning.
Biology
Acidophilia: preference of acidic conditions
Alkaliphilia: preference of alkaline environments
Anthophilia: attraction to flowers
Anthropophile: attracted to humans (e.g., parasites)
Anemophily: a form of pollination whereby pollen is distributed by wind
Capnophile: microorganism that thrives in the presence of high concentrations of carbon dioxide
Cryophilia: preference for cold environments, climates, objects and low temperatures; e.g., Protea cryophila (Snow Protea)
Dacryphilia: attraction to tears
Dendrophilia: preference of trees or other plants
Entomophilous: adapted for pollination by insects
Extremophilia: preference of living extremal conditions for some microorganisms
Geophilia: preferring to organisms that prefer the soil
Halophilia: attraction to salt or salt-water
Heliophilia: attraction to sunlight
Hydrophilia: attraction to water
Hyperthermophilia: organisms that thrive in extremely hot environments
Limnophilia: preference of ponds or marshes
Lithophilia: preference or affinity to stones
Mesophilia: preference of moderate temperatures in microorganisms
Microaerophilia: organisms that can tolerate or require environments containing low levels of oxygen
Myrmecophilia: love for the ants
Nemophilia: love of the woods and forests
Necrophilia: an attraction to the dead
Neutrophile: organism that thrives in a neutral pH environment
Nyctophilia: an attraction to darkness or night; finding relaxation or comfort in the darkness. Preferring nighttime activities to daytime activities
Ombrophilia: affinity to large amounts of rainfall
Petrophilia: preference of living or spending time in rocky areas
Photophilia: preference of living or spending time in lighted conditions
Pluviophilia: affinity to rain
Psammophile: a plant loving sandy areas
Psychrophilia: preference of cold temperatures
Rheophilia: preference of living in running water
Sciaphilia: preference of living in shady or dark areas (as opposed to photophilia)
Thermophilia: love of high temperatures; thriving in high temperatures (e.g. microbes)
Tropophilia: preference of seasonal extremes of climate
Trichophilia: an attraction to hair or fur
Vorarephilia: sexual attraction to being eaten by or eating humans
Xenophilia: an affection for unknown, foreign objects, or people
Xerophilia: love of living or spending time in very dry conditions
Xylophilia: love of wood
Zoophily: a form of pollination whereby pollen is distributed by animals
Chemistry and physics
Electrophile: a chemical species that forms bonds with nucleophiles by accepting a pair of electrons
Hydrophilic: (of a substance) having a tendency to interact with or be dissolved by water and other polar substances
Lipophilic: solubility or solvability of a substance with lipids
Lipophilic: (of a substance) in microfluidics, enriching on channel walls instead of in the middle of the channels (e.g. air bubbles)
Nucleophile: a chemical species that donates an electron pair to form a chemical bond. Antonym: electrophile
Hobbies
Audiophilia: love of high-fidelity sound reproduction
Arctophilia: love of teddy bears; especially, an interest in collecting teddy bears
Bibliophilia: love of books
Cartophilia: love of maps
Cinephilia: love of cinema and film
Philately: the study of stamps and postal history and other related items
Glossophilia: love of languages (synonym for philology)
Logophilia: love of words — logophiles may be interested in word games, such as crosswords, or Scrabble, and in the extreme, derive enjoyment from reading things commonly given less notice, such as labels
Metrophilia: love of the metro rail or subway systems
Neophilia: love of the latest novelties and trends
Oenophilia: love of wine
Ornithophilia: love of birds
Taphophilia: love of graves, cemeteries and funerals
Technophilia: love of technology
Videophile: person who is concerned with achieving high-quality results in the recording and playback of movies, TV programs, etc
National or ethnic
Anglophile: a non-English person who is extremely fond of all things English. Antonym: Anglophobe
Australophile: a fan of Australian culture
Austrophile: a fan of Austrian culture
Celtophile: a fan of Celtic culture
Europhile: a person who wants to increase cooperation between governments within the European Union. Antonym: Eurosceptic
Fennophile: a fan of Finnish culture
Francophile or Gallophile: a fan of French culture. Antonym: Francophobe
Germanophile or Teutophile: a fan of German culture. Antonyms: Germanophobe and teutophobia
Hellenophile: a fan of Greek culture (i.e. someone prone to philhellenism)
Hibernophile: a lover of Ireland or Irish culture
Hispanophile: a lover of Spanish (Spain) culture and people
Indophile: a fan of India
Italophile: a fan of Italy. Antonym: Italophobia
Japanophile: a non-Japanese person with a strong interest in Japan or Japanese culture. Antonym: Japanophobe
Judeophile: a lover of Jews or Jewish culture. Antonyms: Judeophobe and antisemite
Kartvelophile: an interest for Georgian culture
Negrophilia: a term used in the 1920s and 30s for the interest in Europe for African and African-American culture
Russophilia: love of Russia and Russians. Antonym: Russophobe
Sinophile: a non-Chinese person with a strong interest in China or Chinese culture. Antonym: Sinophobe
Slavophile: a fan of Slavic culture
Suecophile: someone with a great interest in the Swedish language and culture
Turcophile: someone who loves Turkey, Turkish culture or Turkic peoples
Sexual paraphilias
List of paraphilias
Paraphilia (previously known as sexual perversion and sexual deviation) is the experience of intense sexual arousal to atypical objects, situations, fantasies, behaviors, or individuals. Such attraction may be labeled sexual fetishism
Other
Biophilia hypothesis
Erotophilia: a personality trait which assesses an individual's disposition to respond to sexual cues
Haemophilia: a disease relating to blood clotting
Homophile: a term used to refer to gay people or those who supported homosexuality, prior to gay liberation and other LGBT social movements. It was proposed as an alternative to homosexual, that would have a more positive connotation, before the word "gay" became dedicated for this purpose
Pluviophile: love of the rain
Retrophilia: love of things of the past
Theophilia: love of a god
Topophilia: a strong sense of place, which often becomes mixed with the sense of cultural identity among certain people and a love of certain aspects of such a place
Prefix phil-
Philadelphia
Philippines
Philanderer
Philandry
Philanthropy
Philately
Philhellenism: the love of Greek culture (this may also be called hellenophilia)
Philogyny
Philology
Philomath
Philosophy
Phillumenism
See also
List of phobias
Suffixes of Greek origin
Love
Infixes
Prefixes
English suffixes
The following lists events in the year 2017 in Romania.
Incumbents
President: Klaus Iohannis
Prime Minister: Dacian Cioloș (until January 4), Sorin Grindeanu (until June 21), Mihai Tudose
Events
January
January 4 – Sorin Grindeanu takes over as Prime Minister of Romania.
January 24 – President Klaus Iohannis initiates proceedings for a national referendum on continuing the fight against corruption in Romania.
January 29 – Over 90,000 people march in protests against the government's proposal to pardon thousands of prisoners.
January 31 – Despite protests, the government adopts an emergency ordinance to decriminalize some offenses.
February
February 4 – Prime Minister Grindeanu announces plans to scrap the proposed decree decriminalizing graft offenses.
February 5 – Tens of thousands march against a government's plan to decriminalize certain corruption offenses.
February 8 – 2017 Romanian protests
The government fails to secure a minister who is investigated for corruption.
President Iohannis's appeal against the emergency ordinance to decriminalize corruption offenses was rejected by the Constitutional Court.
February 9 – After losing support of Prime Minister Grindeanu, Florin Iordache resigns from Justice Minister. The same day, the President of the Senate notifies the Constitutional Court on a judicial conflict between the government and the National Anticorruption Directorate.
June
June 16 – Ludovic Orban is elected President of the National Liberal Party, the largest opposition party in the country.
June 21 – The Parliament dismisses Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu after his Social Democratic Party submits a no-confidence vote.
June 26 – President Iohannis appoints former Minister of Economy Mihai Tudose as new Prime Minister of Romania.
August
August 24 – Newly elected President of France Emmanuel Macron visits Romania for the first time.
September
September 17 – A violent storm in western Romania leaves eight people dead and 137 injured.
September 30 – One person dies and 19 people are hospitalized for smoke inhalation after a fire breaks out at a retirement home in Bucharest.
Sport
February 3 – Vatra Dornei hosts the FIL World Luge Championships, with Romania's team placing fourth.
Arts and entertainment
May 14–20 – Despite rain, the 14th edition of Bucharest Pride unfolds in Romania's capital. Human rights organisations and 30 embassies endorse the event.
June 2–11 – The 16th edition of Transilvania International Film Festival takes place in Cluj-Napoca. French actor Alain Delon receives the TIFF Award for his entire career.
July 1 – Cluj Pride, first pride parade to take place in Transylvania, is attended by 1,000 people.
August 3–6 – Up to 330,000 people attend the largest edition to date of Untold Festival in Cluj-Napoca. Among artists that performed during the four-day festival are MØ, Charli XCX, Ellie Goulding, Armin van Buuren, Marshmello, Martin Garrix and Steve Aoki.
Deaths
January
January 12 – Iulian Rădulescu, self-proclaimed "emperor of Roma from everywhere" (b. 1938)
January 18 – Ion Besoiu, actor (b. 1931)
January 22 –
Dan Caspi, 71, Romanian-born Israeli media theorist and academic.
Cristina Adela Foișor, chess player (b. 1967)
January 24 – Dan Adamescu, businessman (b. 1948)
January 29 – Stelian Olariu, conductor (b. 1928)
February
February 1 –
Constantin Dinulescu, 85, Romanian footballer (AS Progresul București).
Alma Redlinger, 92, Romanian painter.
February 5 – Irma Adelman, 86, Romanian-born American economist.
February 7 – Valeriu Bularca, 85, Romanian wrestler, Olympic silver medalist (1964).
February 9 – Radu Gabrea, 79, Romanian film director (Călătoria lui Gruber) and screenwriter.
February 20 – Sofía Ímber, 92, Romanian-born Venezuelan journalist.
December
December 5 –
Michael I of Romania former king (b. 1921)
Cristina Nicolau, 40, Romanian Olympic triple jumper (2000), European Athletics U23 champion (1997, 1999).
See also
List of 2017 box office number-one films in Romania
2017 in the European Union
2017 in Europe
Romania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017
References
External links
2010s in Romania
Years of the 21st century in Romania
Romania
Romania
Coxcatlan Cave is a Mesoamerican archaeological site in the Tehuacán Valley, State of Puebla, Mexico. It was discovered by Richard MacNeish in the 1960s during a survey of the Tehuacán Valley. It was the initial appearance of three domesticated plants in the Tehuacan Valley (Puebla, Mexico) that allowed an evaluation to be done again of the overall temporal context of the plant domestication in Mexico. In addition to plants, Coxcatlan Cave also provided nearly 75 percent of the classified stone tools from excavation.
Overview
It was used over a span of 10,000 years, mostly during the Archaic period, as a shelter and gathering place during the rainy season for groups of foragers as large as 25–30 individuals. It is one of a collection of cave sites in the Tehuacan Valley. Each have similar archaeobotanical remains and cultural artifacts, representing a trade community present.
These “macroband” camps, made up of “microband” family groupings, would occupy cave sites in the region during a time when food resources were especially plentiful. Evidence of large quantities of food remains contributes to the belief that these caves were used for collecting and storing plants during periods of harvest. Some of the food included were small maize cobs and fragments of squash, chile, avocado, beans, and bottle gourd. The plants only made up 2 percent of the Archaic-period macrobotanical collection compared within 45 percentage in the overlying ceramic-bearing levels dating after 2000 BC.
History
It is due to the extensive study of the site by Dr. Richard (Scotty) MacNeish that much of the historical and cultural record was established, especially from the Archaic period when the cave was most active. Coxcatlan Cave also produced domesticated plants in components dated between 5,000 and 3,400 BC, or better known as the Coxcatlan Phase. The Coxcatlan Phase was a phase were the people and animals living in Tehuacan Valley divided their time between small hunting encampments and large temporary villages.
Location
The karst-formed 7 Coxcatlán cave is located in the Tehuacan Valley highlands amidst the dry thorn forest typical of the Sierra Madre mountainous region. The site and others in close proximity, are separated by the mountains from the coastal plain where the Olmec chiefdom of Tres Zapotes was located.
Some of the excavations done on the site appeared to be identified to be at least 42 separated occupation levels within 2–3 meters of sediments. The features identified at the site include hearths, cache pits, ash satters and organic deposits.
Maize
Maize is known in archaeology of this area to be essential to sedentary life. The discovery of remains in this cave and others, then, is important to the archaeological record in this region. The development of agriculture is evidence of the Law of The Least Effort and Romenʼs Rule, encouraging practices that promote higher productivity to secure and store a greater amount of food.
The maize remains found at the site were radiocarbon dated to be from 5000 BC and were originally thought to be the earliest evidence of fully domesticated maize. However a further analysis discovered the first appearance of fully domesticated maize to be from ca. 2700 BC. This discovery allows archaeologists a frame of reference for the chronology of the progression of agriculture in Mesoamerican cultures. The time period following this introduction of maize oriented agriculture is called the Coxcatlan Phase, which includes the years 5700–3825 BC. The AMS of Coxcatlan Phase cultigens has produced substantially younger dates than those obtained by the conventional radiocarbon method.
Artifacts
Some of the items of interest found in the cave include: a corn cob dated to 5000 BC; evidence of squash, beans, bottle gourds; along with an ink pen and containing vessels using pre-ceramic material.
A later, more thorough study by Bruce D. Smith of museum-held artifacts from the region established a complete description of the remains in the cave, based on radioactive dating of the material. This analysis of temporally sensitive artifact types also produced information of 42 occupations, 28 habitation zones, and seven cultural phases. As of 2005, there are 71 radiocarbon dates are available to document the history of the site.
The top seven archaeological zones of the cave contains evidence of ceramic periods of occupation in the cave. The evidence of archaeobotanical remains is also the greatest in these top layers, partially due to an obvious postdepositional disturbance of the cultural materials in the cave. Such action has been confirmed with radiocarbon dating by Smith and others. Dating in 2021 of bones of animals, possibly hunted and eaten, found in the cave to 30,000 years BP may lead to antedating the previously-accepted arrival date of humans in the Americas.
References
Cave sites in Mesoamerican archaeology
Archaeological sites in Puebla
Early agriculture in Mesoamerica
Caves of Mexico
Walther Raúl Enkerlin Hoeflich (born March 24, 1960 in Monterrey) is a Mexican entomologist, advocate, and pioneer researcher of the economics of applied sterile insect technique (SIT), currently based at the Joint Food and Agriculture Organization (FOA) and International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Division.
Career
In 1994, Enkerlin was appointed by the national plant protection organization of Mexico as research leader of the project that, in 1997, enabled the opening of the United States market to Hass avocado from Mexico after more than 82 years of quarantine. Today Mexico is the world's number one exporter of Hass avocado, supplying 45% of the international avocado market.
Having worked under the IAEA when it was awarded the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize, he has developed technical standards, policies, and organizational structures to support the implementation of successful SIT programs worldwide, averting devastating economic, social and environmental damage and contributing to food security, food safety and poverty reduction.
In 2008, Enkerlin became the Technical Director of the North American Plant Protection Organization (NAPPO).
Under Enkerlin's directorship, from 2010 to 2015 the Moscamed Programme Commission – the first area-wide and large-scale application of SIT technology against the Mediterranean fruit fly - achieved the greatest advance in pushing the leading edge of the Mediterranean fruit fly infestation away from the Mexican borders, maintaining the Mediterranean fruit fly-free status of Belize, Mexico, and the United States. During that time, he was also appointed by the national plant protection organization of Mexico as the lead technical negotiator of the new Guatemala-Mexico-USA Moscamed Program Cooperative Agreement, which was merged into a single tri-national agreement and ratified in July 2014.
In his current role at the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Enkerlin has been the lead entomologist and technical officer for several high-impact Cooperation Projects in member states of the International Atomic Energy Agency, including projects responsible for eradicating the Mediterranean fruit fly from Argentina's Patagonia region, Patagonia was declared as a fruit fly free area by the USDA-APHIS in 2005 and eradicating the Cactoblastis cactorum (cactus moth) in Mexico in 2009. For eradicating the Mediterranean fruit fly from the Dominican Republic in 2017, his team was awarded the prestigious IAEA Superior Achievement Award. That same year, he was jointly awarded the prestigious teamwork award from FAO-AG Department.
Published work
Enkerlin has published over 50 scientific articles in peer-reviewed journals and book chapters, including the first-ever article published in a scientific journal on the Moscamed Program of the Governments of Mexico, Guatemala and the USA. In 2019, two of his articles received recognition from the British Journal Entomologia Experimentalis et Applicata for being one of the top 20 most consulted articles in 2017 and 2018. He is also the author of 5 harmonized technical manuals of the FAO/IAEA. The manuals are used as reference documents in several fruit fly International Standards of Phytosanitary Measures, as well as independently by Member Countries of the FAO and IAEA.
Education
Enkerlin has a Bachelor's degree in Agriculture Parasitology and a Masters in Science Plant Protection from Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, and a PhD in Applied Entomology from Imperial College London. He is the son of internationally renowned entomologist Dieter Enkerlin and brother of notable Mexican conservationist Ernesto Enkerlin.
References
Mexican entomologists
1960 births
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education alumni
Alumni of Imperial College London
Living people
Dalkey ( ; ) is an affluent suburb of Dublin, and a seaside resort southeast of the city, and the town of Dún Laoghaire, in the county of Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown in the historic County Dublin, Ireland. It was founded as a Viking settlement and became an active port during the Middle Ages. According to chronicler John Clyn (c.1286–c.1349), it was one of the ports through which the plague entered Ireland in the mid-14th century. In modern times, Dalkey has become a seaside suburb that attracts some tourist visitors.
One of Dublin's wealthiest districts, it has been home to writers and celebrities including George Bernard Shaw, Jane Emily Herbert, Maeve Binchy, Robert Fisk, Hugh Leonard, Bono, the Edge, Van Morrison and Enya.
Etymology
The district is named after Dalkey Island, just offshore. The name is ultimately derived from the Irish deilg ("thorn") and inis ("island"), with ey the Old Norse (Viking) version of "island".
Geography
Dalkey lies by the coast, between Dún Laoghaire (and Sandycove and Glasthule), Glenageary and Killiney. Off the coast are Dalkey Island (up to the 18th century, also "St. Begnet's Island"), Malden Rock, Clare Rock, Lamb Island, and, further offshore, The Muglins, which have their own lighthouse. The town is on fairly level land, but the district rises to Dalkey Hill (140 m), the northern peak of a ridge which continues to Killiney Hill to the southwest; the two hills are now contained within the public park known as Killiney Hill Park. Along the coast are the natural harbour at Bullock, a couple of small inlets, Sorrento Point just east of the town proper, and the northern part of Killiney Bay.
Lead mines used to exist on the coast opposite Dalkey island. They are no longer in operation.
Built heritage
Although seven 15th-16th century castles were originally built in the area, by 1837 it was noted (in Samuel Lewis's Topographical Dictionary of Ireland) that: Four of its ancient castles have been entirely destroyed, and the remains of three others which have been long dismantled, convey striking indications of their former importance; one has been converted into a private dwelling, another is used as a store, and the third as a carpenters shop.
Dalkey's remaining Norman castle is now in use as a town hall and museum.
Wildlife
Dalkey Island is home to a colony of seals, and a herd of wild goats also lives on the island. Birdwatch Ireland have established a colony of Roseate Terns on Maiden Rock just north of Dalkey Island. A pod of three bottlenose dolphins also frequents the waters around Dalkey Island. There are red squirrels and sparrow hawks on Killiney Hill.
Local amenities
Harbours
There are several small harbours on the coast of Dalkey. Bulloch Harbour is the biggest; it is towards the northern part of Dalkey at Harbour Road and is a declared seal sanctuary. Coliemore Harbour is smaller and in the southern part of Dalkey at Coliemore Road. In the Middle Ages, Coliemore was the main harbour for Dublin City. Bulloch Harbour is still a working harbour with boats that fish for lobster and crab, and mackerel in season. It is also used by locals and tourists who hire boats for nearby fishing, sightseeing and getting to Dalkey Island.
Quarry
Dalkey Quarry is a disused granite quarry, stone from which was used during the 19th century to build Dún Laoghaire Harbour, and is now a rock climbing location within Killiney Hill Park. During the building of the harbour, the quarry was connected to Dún Laoghaire via a metal tramway known as 'The Metals', some parts of which are still visible in some parts of Dalkey. Dalkey granite was also shipped by sea to Kylemore Abbey in Connemara, County Galway for the facade of the Abbey. Granite from Dalkey quarry was also used for building The Thames Embankment in London, All Saints' Church in Raheny and many other buildings.
Culture and tourism
Dalkey's main street, Castle Street, has a 10th Century church and two 14th Century Norman castles, one of which, Goat's Castle, houses the local Heritage Centre (the other, Archbold's Castle, is private property). There are several scenic and historical walks and tours. Dalkey Hill offers views over Dublin city, Dublin Bay, and towards the Dublin and Wicklow Mountains.
Deilg Inis Living History Theatre Company runs live theatre performances every half-hour at Dalkey Castle and Heritage Centre.
Boats are available to hire at Bulloch Harbour on Harbour Road and Yacht trips around Dalkey Island can be taken from nearby Dún Laoghaire Harbour. Dalkey Quarry is a rock climbing and abseiling venue. Killiney Hill is also used as a launch site for para-gliders.
Dalkey has a number of pubs and restaurants.
Annual festivals
Dalkey Book Festival was set up to "celebrate and foster literary talent" in and around the town. The festival takes place over a weekend in mid-June every year.
Festival directors, David McWilliams and Sian Smyth, work with the support of a team of volunteers and the Dalkey Business Group to run the festival. Festival contributors have included Salman Rushdie, Amos Oz, Seamus Heaney, Gabriel Byrne, Edna O'Brien, Roddy Doyle, Maeve Binchy, Joseph O'Connor, Tim Pat Coogan, Derek Landy, Jennifer Johnston, Robert Fisk, Eamon Morrissey, John Waters, Matt Cooper, Julian Gough, Dawn O'Porter and Sinéad Cusack.
The village also hosts the "Dalkey Lobster Festival" in late August, which "showcases local seafood and global jazz musicians".
Education
There are 5 schools in Dalkey:
Loreto Primary School caters for boys from junior infants through first class, and for girls from junior infants through sixth class.
Loreto Abbey Secondary School caters for girls from first year through sixth year.
Harold Boys' National School caters for boys from second class through sixth class.
Saint Patrick's National School caters for boys and girls from junior infants through sixth class.
Castle Park School is an independent school for boys and girls from Montessori to the end of primary school.
Sports
Cuala CLG, a Gaelic Athletic Association sports club, and Dalkey United, an association football club, are both based at Hyde Park. Early in his soccer career, Paul McGrath played for Dalkey United. In the 1940s, the town produced another international footballer, Peter Farrell. It has set up an athletics club, the Dalkey Dashers. Dalkey Rowing Club is based at Coliemore Harbour and Kayaking is taught at Bulloch. Dalkey Sea Scouts keep two old sailing boats at Bulloch Harbour.
Swimming and diving
The Vico Bathing Place and Whiterock Beach, accessed off Vico Road, offer sea swims. Both have changing shelters.
Sandycove Beach and the adjacent 'Forty Foot' bathing place are a short distance away, beside the Joyce Tower.
Dalkey Sound and the islands beyond are used as scuba diving locations.
Transport
The Dalkey Atmospheric station at Atmospheric Road (29 March 1844 to 12 April 1854) was the terminus for the first commercial application of the atmospheric system of train propulsion.
The current Dalkey railway station was opened on 10 July 1854. The station is served by the DART electric rail system which affords quick access to and from Dublin City Centre. Clifftop views of Dalkey Island and Killiney Bay are afforded as the train emerges from a short tunnel just south of Dalkey Station.
An Aircoach service with a stop at Hyde Road links the area with Dublin Airport. Go-Ahead Ireland and Dublin Bus services 7D (only operates early morning), 59 and 111 link the area with the nearby seaside town of Dún Laoghaire and the city centre.
People
Dalkey is the original hometown of two Irish writers: novelists Maeve Binchy and playwright Hugh Leonard. It is also the setting for Flann O'Brien's novel The Dalkey Archive. Several well-known Irish and international music figures — including U2 members Bono and The Edge, Enya, Chris de Burgh and Van Morrison — have also bought residences in the area. Film director Neil Jordan lives in the town.
Pat Kenny, former host of RTÉ's flagship chat show The Late Late Show, is a resident, as is the current host, Ryan Tubridy.
Singer Lisa Stansfield is a former resident.
George Bernard Shaw has a close association with the area. He lived in Torca Cottage on Dalkey Hill from 1866 to 1874.
Victoria Cross recipient Major William Leet was born in Dalkey.
Matt Damon, his wife and their three youngest daughters resided in Dalkey during the COVID-19 pandemic. Damon had arrived in Dalkey to shoot scenes in The Last Duel, a medieval drama directed by Ridley Scott, just before production on the film was suspended in mid-March, 2020.
Saint Begnet
One of the patron saints of Dalkey is St. Begnet, a probable 7th-century figure A ruined church and a holy well on Dalkey Island are named for her, as is another ruined church near the town centre.
King of Dalkey
This putative elective monarchy is a tradition of the people of Dalkey. The freemen of Dalkey inherited the right to elect this King through the boredom of young bloods in Dublin in 1787. They formed a club into which they roped wits, poets and thinkers. They summoned "Pimlico Parliament" - named after the Liberties, Dublin, and from an assembly room, they hurled broadsides at the country's humbug and the pomposity of Dublin Castle and its hacks.
The full title is "King of Dalkey, Emperor of the Vikings, Prince of the Holy Island of Magee, Baron of Bulloch, Seigneur of Sandycove, Defender of the Faith and Respector of All Others, Elector of Lambay and Ireland's Eye, and Sovereign of the Most Illustrious Order of the Lobster and Periwinkle." During the years twenty knee-breeched courtiers in 18th-century costume attended the King of Dalkey on Coronation Day. In later times the costumes were hired from a theatrical costumier in Dublin.
More than 420 attended the regal procession, carnival and coronation on 20 August 1797 as Stephen Armitage (pawnbroker and printer) became "King Stephen the First, King of Dalkey". Then came the 1798 Rising and its ensuing political unrest, that interrupted this putative cultural monarchy. However, the tradition was revived in 1850, 1934, in 1965 as part of a week-long festival, again in 1983, and still continues. The current King is the local sacristan, Finbarr Madden.
Local tradition says that Hugh Dempsey was crowned "King of Dalkey" about 1780. On the south side of the old church lies another stone which says: "This stone was erected by Mr. Murtagh Dempsey of the City of Dublin in Memory of his affectionate son Hugh Dempsey blockmake of said City who departed this Life April 7th 1790."
Local government
Dalkey is recorded as having received a charter of incorporation by 1358. Under the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898, the Township of Dalkey became an urban district in 1899. The urban district of Dalkey was abolished in 1930, becoming part of the borough of Dún Laoghaire. The borough was abolished in 1994, on the establishment of the county of Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown. The electoral divisions (EDs) of Dalkey–Bullock, Dalkey–Coliemore, Dalkey Hill and Dalkey Upper are in the local electoral area (LEA) of Dún Laoghaire, while the ED of Dalkey–Avondale is the LEA of Killiney–Shankill.
See also
Dalkey Island
Dalkey Quarry
List of towns and villages in Ireland
Dalkey Atmospheric Railway
References
External links
Dalkey Community Council
Local website
Dalkey Castle and Heritage Centre
Civil parishes of Rathdown, County Dublin
Stephen Richards (born 26 August 1965) is a New Zealand sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. He was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. Four years later in Barcelona, he was eliminated in the semifinals of the same event.
References
1965 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
New Zealand male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of New Zealand
Barbara Foley (born 1948), Distinguished Professor of English at Rutgers University-Newark, focuses her research and teaching on U.S. literary radicalism, African American literature, and Marxist criticism. The author of six books and over seventy scholarly articles, review essays, and book chapters, she has published on literary theory, academic politics, US proletarian literature, the Harlem Renaissance, and the writers Ralph Ellison and Jean Toomer. Throughout her career, her work has emphasized the centrality of antiracism and Marxist class analysis to both literary study and social movements.
Life
Born in New York City, Foley attended Radcliffe College from 1965–69, graduating from Phi Beta Kappa and magna cum laude; she earned her Ph.D. with Honors from the University of Chicago in 1976. During the late 1960s and early 1970s, in the antiwar, antiracist, and feminist movements, she began what became an extended involvement with left-wing politics. She taught at the University of Wisconsin from 1976–80 and at Northwestern University from 1980-87. She was denied tenure by the Provost at Northwestern University on the grounds of “grave professional misconduct”—stemming from her participation in a 1985 campus demonstration against Adolfo Calero, a Nicaraguan contra leader- even though she had been approved for tenure by her department, the A&P Committee, and the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences. In 1987, the Modern Language Association (MLA) passed a resolution appealing to NU's President Arnold Weber to overrule the Provost's decision and grant tenure to Foley. Since 1987 Foley has been on the faculty at Rutgers University-Newark.
Foley has been the recipient of awards for both teaching and scholar-activism at Rutgers University-Newark, as well of fellowships from the National Endowment for the Humanities and the American Council of Learned Societies. Foley was elected to the MLA Delegate Assembly four times, for a total of twelve years, as representative of Politics and the Profession; she served as the President of the MLA Radical Caucus from 2005 to 2017. Since 2000 she has been on the Editorial Board and Manuscript Committee at the Marxist journal Science & Society, where she is currently Vice-President. She has lectured on American literature and Marxist theory in France and Cuba, as well as during four trips to China, where several of her works have been translated into Chinese. Since 1990 she has served as Chair of the National Organization for Women-NJ Task Force on Combating Racism.
Work
Foley's first book, Telling the Truth: The Theory and Practice of Documentary Fiction (Cornell University Press, 1986), is a Marxist commentary on texts combining fact and fiction. Taking issue with post-structuralist and reader-response theories of discourse, Foley argues that fiction contains propositional content; she offers a historical materialist overview of the novel's changing modes of conveying cognition of the world beyond the text. Telling the Truth was described in a review in Modern Philology as proposing "a powerful theory for dealing with the assertions made by fictional texts. . . This is one of those rare books that will change the very way we think about literature."
Radical Representations: Politics and Form in US Proletarian Fiction, 1929-1941 (Duke, 1993) reflects Foley's interest in Depression-era literary radicalism. Arguing against the Cold War paradigms that continue to shape scholarship on left-wing writing, Foley examines contemporaneous debates over art and propaganda, investigates the relationship between left politics and literary form, and proposes an anatomy of the modes of proletarian fiction. The reviewer for MELUS wrote that Foley "has written a superbly researched and argued book . . . that is a must-read for anyone interested in gaining a better understanding of the difficult project of creating a radical culture sensitive to issues of race, class and gender in the effort to build an egalitarian society."
Foley's third book, Spectres of 1919: Class and Nation in the Making of the New Negro (Illinois, 2003), explores the radical origins of the Harlem Renaissance. Alain Locke's formulation of the New Negro as culture hero in his influential 1925 The New Negro: An Interpretation, Foley argues, was premised upon banishing the figure of the New Negro as social revolutionary that prevailed in the late 1910s and early 1920s. The reviewer for American Literature designated Spectres of 1919 "a carefully argued, nuanced presentation of the genesis of the Harlem Renaissance. Foley's breadth of knowledge in American radical history is impressive."<ref>{{cite journal|last1=Miller|first1=Jeffrey W.|title=review of Spectres of 1919'|journal=American Literature|volume=77|pages=190–191|doi=10.1215/00029831-77-1-190}}</ref> In the Journal of American Studies, the book was described as "lucid and useful. . . . A heavyweight intervention, it prompts significant rethinking of the ideological and representational strategies structuring the era."
In Wrestling with the Left: The Making of Ralph Ellison's Invisible Man (Duke, 2010), Foley shifts the focus of her scholarship onto a detailed engagement with a single text. Here, she undertakes a reconstruction of the process by which Ellison composed his novel between 1945 and 1952. Her investigation of the thousands of pages of draft manuscript and notes yields the conclusion that the novel familiar to readers was the product of multiple reconceptualizations and revisions. Now viewed as a Cold War classic, Invisible Man was begun, she proposes, as a proletarian novel somewhat sympathetic with the left. The assessment appearing in African American Review asserted, "After Foley's analysis of the material in Ellison's drafts, one in fact gains an even greater appreciation for the richness and complexity of what remains one of the great works of American literature." The (reviewer) of Wrestling with the Left for Cultural Logic, noting Foley's treatment of politics and form, concluded that "Foley challenges not only prevailing views of Ellison and Invisible Man, and not only dominant views of early-to-mid-20th century U.S. history involving the Communist left (literary and otherwise), but. . . dominant conceptions of 'literature' and 'literary greatness' as such."
Foley's 2014 book, Jean Toomer: Race, Repression, and Revolution (Illinois, 2014), displays her growing interest in biography as a necessary component of Marxist criticism. Invoking hitherto unexplored portions of the Toomer archive and expanding upon Fredric Jameson's formulation of the political unconscious, Foley offers a new approach to both Toomer the man and Cane the book. Nathan Grant, Toomer scholar and editor of African American Review, has written, “Barbara Foley's contribution to Toomer studies newly places him in the contexts of both early twentieth-century Left politics and ‘New Negro' sensibility. Any assessment of the Harlem Renaissance is made all the richer by Foley's study, with which subsequent scholarship must contend." According to Charles Scruggs, co-author of Jean Toomer and the Terrors of American History (1998), "Barbara Foley has written a brilliant book on Toomer. I would go so far to say it is also the best researched book on Toomer that exists."
In Marxist Literary Criticism Today, Foley focuses on matters of pedagogy. Although the ability of capitalism to meet the needs of the majority of the world's people is being increasingly called into question, and many people look to literature for insight into the relationship between consciousness and material reality, there have been no general introductions to Marxist literary criticism since the books published by Terry Eagleton (Marxism and Literary Criticism) and Raymond Williams (Marxism and Literature) in the late 1970s. Filling this gap with a study attuned to the concerns of the twenty-first century, Foley lays out the key principles of Marxist theory (historical materialism, political economy, and ideology critique) essential to the study of literature. After examining the ways in which Marxist criticism both overlaps with and differs from other analytical approaches, Foley outlines principal debates that continue to shape the field of Marxist criticism. The book culminates in an extended study of a wide range of literary works—from the poetry of Matthew Arnold to E. L. James's Fifty Shades of Grey to the proletarian verse of Langston Hughes—that illustrate Marxism's distinct contribution to an understanding of the connections between literature and society.
Foley's book-length studies have been accompanied over the years by a series of articles and anthology contributions that exhibit her concerns as both a scholar and an activist. Her attention to developments in China is reflected in critical analyses of politics and economics appearing in Science & Society and Cultural Logic. Articles appearing in such journals as Science & Society, Mediations, Biography (journal), Rethinking Marxism, Cultural Logic, Cultural Critique, Genre, American Quarterly, and Comparative Literature display her participation in debates over Post-structuralism, Deconstruction, Marxist theory, Intersectionality, and the connections between race and class. Her engagement with politics and the profession is reflected in several interviews—appearing in Dialogues on Cultural Studies, Reconstruction, Workplace, minnesota review, and Mediations—as well as in symposia and review essays featured in World Bank Literature, Contemporary Literature, New England Quarterly, and College Literature. Throughout her career, her interest in situating a range of US writers in political and historical context has resulted in readings appearing in such journals as African American Review, Obsidian, Cultural Logic, American Literature, Modern Fiction Studies, PMLA, Genre, and College Literature''.
For a complete listing of Foley's writings as well as direct internet access to her articles and book chapters, see her webpage.
References
External links
Occupy Rutgers Newark Teach-in with Dr. Barbara Foley
Youtube recording of Barbara Foley at Occupy Boston, April 2012
Laura Sullivan, "A Tribute to Barbara Foley," Workplace: A Journal for Academic Labor 6, 1-3 (2000)
1948 births
Living people
American anti–Vietnam War activists
COINTELPRO targets
Cultural academics
Historians of the United States
Literary critics of English
American Marxist historians
Rutgers University faculty
Radcliffe College alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Hendrick Hudson may refer to:
Henry Hudson (died 1611), English explorer named in Dutch sources as Hendrick Hudson
USS Hendrick Hudson, an 1859 ship
Hendrick Hudson Central School District, in Westchester County, New York
Hendrick Hudson High School, in Montrose, New York
Hendrick Hudson Council, formerly a local council of the Boy Scouts of America now within Westchester-Putnam Council
Victim Five, also known as Code 7, Victim 5!, originally filmed as Table Bay, is a 1964 British crime film produced by Harry Alan Towers and US television producer Arthur "Skip" Steloff that was shot in Cape Town in Technicolor and Techniscope. It was directed by Robert Lynn and starred Lex Barker, Ronald Fraser, Ann Smyrner, and Walter Rilla.
Premise
New York City private detective Steve Martin is hired for protection by Wexler, a wealthy German living in Cape Town. After Wexler's butler is murdered and an assassination attempt is made on Martin and Wexler's secretary Helga, Martin discovers a photograph of four people including Wexler and his butler that indicates that all those in the photograph are marked for death and there will be five victims.
Cast
Reception
The New York Times praised "fine views of Cape Town" but thought the film was not "necessary". The MFB said it was "efficiently worked out" and praised the "large variety of South African locations."
References
External links
Code 7 Victim 5 at Letterbox DVD
1964 films
1964 crime films
1960s English-language films
British detective films
Police detective films
Films directed by Robert Lynn
Films set in South Africa
Films shot in South Africa
British crime films
1960s British films
|}
This is a list of electoral district results of the 1908 Western Australian election.
Results by Electoral district
Albany
Balkatta
Beverley
Boulder
Brown Hill
Bunbury
Canning
Claremont
Collie
Coolgardie
Cue
Dundas
East Fremantle
East Perth
Forrest
Fremantle
Gascoyne
Geraldton
Greenough
Guildford
Hannans
Irwin
Ivanhoe
Kalgoorlie
Kanowna
Katanning
Kimberley
Menzies
This result was declared void and was contested again in the 1908 Menzies state by-election.
Mount Leonora
Mount Magnet
Mount Margaret
Murchison
Murray
Nelson
North Fremantle
North Perth
Northam
Perth
Pilbara
Roebourne
South Fremantle
Subiaco
Sussex
Swan
Toodyay
Wellington
West Perth
Williams
Yilgarn
York
See also
1908 Western Australian state election
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1908–1911
References
Results of Western Australian elections
1908 elections in Australia
Dekle may refer to:
George R. Dekle Sr. (born 1948), an American lawyer
Hal P. Dekle (1917–2005), Justice of the Supreme Court of Florida
Dawn Dekle (fl. 2010s), president of the American University of Nigeria
Dekle Beach, Florida, a Gulf coastal community in the southern part of Taylor County, Florida
See also
Deckle, a removable wooden frame or "fence" used in manual papermaking
Dekel, a moshav in southern Israel
Gozdów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 816.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Carla Pérez (born 28 December 1982) is an Ecuadorian mountaineer, and mountain guide. In 2019 edge became the first woman to successfully summit both Everest and K2 in the same year (in 1995 Alison Hargreaves reached both summits unsupported and without supplemental oxygen but died descending K2), and the first woman from the Americas to summit K2 without supplemental oxygen.
Early life
When Pérez was four years old her father took her to a 14,000-foot volcano near their home at Quito, Ecuador, which inspired her to become a mountain climber.
Notable Climbs
Manaslu
In 2012, Pérez reached the summit of Manaslu without supplemental oxygen.
Cho Oyu
In 2014, Pérez completed a solo ascent of Cho Oyu without supplemental oxygen.
Broad Peak
In 2015, Pérez reached the summit of Broad Peak without supplemental oxygen.
Mount Everest
Pérez has spent time on Mount Everest as both a mountain guide and a climber. In 2016, she became the first woman from Latin America to reach the summit without supplemental oxygen. In 2019, she successfully guided clients to the summit via the northeast ridge.
K2
In 2019, Pérez became the first woman from the Americas to reach the summit of K2 without supplemental oxygen. In so doing, she became the second woman to reach the summit of Mount Everest and K2 in the same year. Alison Hargreaves being the first, in 1995 who climbed unsupported and without supplemental oxygen but tragically died in a storm during descent.
Dhaulagiri
In 2021, Pérez climbed on Dhaulagiri but was not able to reach the summit.
Makalu
In 2022, Pérez reached the summit of Makalu without supplemental oxygen.
References
Ecuadorian mountain climbers
1982 births
Living people
Tintinnabularia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described for modern science as a genus in 1936. It is native to S Mexico, Guatemala, and Honduras.
Species
Tintinnabularia gratissima J.F.Morales - Veracruz
Tintinnabularia mortonii Woodson - Oaxaca, Chiapas, Guatemala
Tintinnabularia murallensis J.K.Williams - Honduras
References
Apocynaceae genera
Mesechiteae
Sørkapp Land is the land area south of Hornsund, at the southern part of Spitsbergen, Svalbard. Two glaciers, Hornbreen and Hambergbreen, divide Sørkapp Land from Torell Land.
Sørkapp Land is included in the Sør-Spitsbergen National Park.
References
Peninsulas of Spitsbergen
The 2017 Canadian Junior Curling Championships was held from January 21 to 29 at the Archie Browning Sports Centre and the Esquimalt Curling Club in Esquimalt, British Columbia. The winners represented Canada at the 2017 World Junior Curling Championships in PyeongChang, Korea.
Men
Round Robin Standings
Championship Pool Standings
After Round Robin Standings
Playoffs
Semifinal
Final
Women
Round Robin Standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Championship Pool Standings
After Round Robin Standings
Playoffs
Semifinal
Final
Qualification
Ontario
The Ontario Junior Provincials were held January 4–8 in Russell, Ontario.
Results:
Playoffs
Men's semifinal: Scott 9-7 Hahn
Men's final: Hall 5-3 Scott
Women's tiebreakers: Auld 7-5 Brandwood; Auld 12-4 Murphy
Women's semifinal: Armstrong 11-9 Auld
Women's final: Armstrong 7-6 Wallingford
References
External links
Official site
Junior Championships
Curling in British Columbia
Sports competitions in Victoria, British Columbia
Canadian Junior Curling Championships
2017 in British Columbia
January 2017 sports events in Canada
Marcus Christer Rohdén (born 11 May 1991) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder, mainly central but can be used as a winger. He plays in Italy for Frosinone. A Swedish international since 2015, he was a squad player for Sweden at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Career
Rohdén started his career in Hössna IF and moved to IF Elfsborg as a 16-year-old signing a youth contract. In December 2011 Marcus signed a senior contract with IF Elfsborg on a five-year deal after returning from a loan at Skövde AIK. He scored his first goal in Allsvenskan against BK Häcken on 26 August 2012, in his debut season in both Elfsborg and Allsvenskan.
On 3 August 2016, Rohdén signed for Serie A newcomers Crotone.
On 13 August 2019, Rohdén was announced as a Frosinone player.
International career
Rohdén has played in various national team divisions. His senior debut for a national team was with Sweden U21 on 10 September 2012 in the final crucial game against Ukraine U21 played in Kalmar. He substituted with his teammate in IF Elfsborg, Niklas Hult. Sweden won the game with 2–1 and qualified for the play-offs. On 15 January 2015, Rohdén scored his first goal in a 2–0 away friendly win against the Ivory Coast.
In May 2018 he was named in Sweden's 23-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Score and result list Sweden's goal tally first.
Honours
Elfsborg
Allsvenskan: 2012
Svenska Cupen: 2012-13
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Ulricehamn Municipality
Association football midfielders
Swedish footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden international footballers
Swedish expatriate footballers
Allsvenskan players
Serie A players
Serie B players
IF Elfsborg players
Skövde AIK players
F.C. Crotone players
Frosinone Calcio players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Italy
2018 FIFA World Cup players
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
Marius Ngjela (born 22 January 1983) is an Albanian former professional footballer who played as a forward for a number of Albanian football clubs including Skënderbeu and Partizani.
Honours
Clubs
Besa
Albanian Supercup (1): 2010
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Footballers from Korçë
Albanian footballers
Association football forwards
KF Skënderbeu Korçë players
KS Pogradeci players
Besëlidhja Lezhë players
FK Partizani Tirana players
Flamurtari Vlorë players
KS Gramozi Ersekë players
Besa Kavajë players
FC Kamza players
KF Butrinti players
Bilisht Sport players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Kategoria e Dytë players
Andrew John Kosco (born October 5, 1941) is a former professional baseball outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball for the Minnesota Twins, New York Yankees, Los Angeles Dodgers, Milwaukee Brewers, California Angels, Boston Red Sox, and Cincinnati Reds.
Formative years
Kosco was born in Youngstown, Ohio, an industrial center located near the Pennsylvania border. At six-foot-three and 215 pounds, Kosco was drawn to sports, but also seriously considered pursuing a degree in law.
While at Struthers High School in Struthers, OH, Kosco was dominant at many sports. He averaged 25 points a game in basketball, and as a senior he had a .715 batting average. Michigan State University offered to have him play baseball and basketball, while Ohio State University offered for him to play baseball and football.
Early career
Shortly before the 1959 season, Kosco was signed by the Detroit Tigers as an amateur free agent. He was released by Detroit in January 1964, and promptly signed on as a free agent with the Minnesota Twins.
In August 1965, Minnesota picked him from its AAA Denver club to replace injured player Harmon Killebrew. Kosco, who had largely reconsidered his plans to pursue law, accepted the opportunity.
As sports author Jim Thielman notes, it was common at the time for baseball's commissioner to have input on World Series rosters, and Commissioner Ford Frick suggested the Twins bring their roster to 25 men by dropping a player who had not participated for the entire season. As a late-season replacement who played in the outfield, where the Twins were well-stocked with veterans, Kosco was kept off the World Series roster.
Later career
In October 1967, Kosco was purchased by the Oakland Athletics. A month later, however, he was drafted by the New York Yankees.
As a Yankee in 1968, Kosco appeared in 131 games and had 492 plate appearances, playing the outfield and first base, hitting .240 with 15 home runs and 59 runs batted in.
In December 1968, he was traded by the Yankees to the Los Angeles Dodgers for Mike Kekich. Kosco admitted that he was not happy when he had been told that the Yankees traded him away. He felt a great amount of pride playing for the Yankees, and loved being around Mantle. Upon leaving the Yankees, Kosco said, "I consider Mickey the most courageous person I've ever known. I loved being a Yankee."
In February 1971, the Dodgers traded Kosco to the Milwaukee Brewers for Al Downing. He was traded again to the California Angels (for Tommie Reynolds) and to the Boston Red Sox (for Chris Coletta) before completing his professional baseball career with the Cincinnati Reds, with whom he batted .280 in 118 at-bats in 1973 on a team that won the National League West title but lost to the New York Mets in the NLCS. Kosco went 3-for-10 in that Series, including collecting the only two Reds hits in Jon Matlack′s Game Two shutouts.
Kosco played for the Toledo Mud Hens in 1975 when the team was the AAA-affiliate of the Phillies.
Personal
Kosco's two sons, Bryn and Dru, both played professional baseball. Bryn also played in the College World Series for NC State.
References
External links
Retrosheet
Bio from Cool of the Evening: The 1965 Minnesota Twins
1941 births
Living people
Minnesota Twins players
New York Yankees players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Milwaukee Brewers players
California Angels players
Boston Red Sox players
Cincinnati Reds players
Baseball players from Youngstown, Ohio
Major League Baseball outfielders
American people of Slovak descent
Bismarck-Mandan Pards players
Salt Lake City Angels players
Indianapolis Indians players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Duluth-Superior Dukes players
Amarillo Gold Sox players
Knoxville Smokies players
Birmingham Barons players
Decatur Commodores players
Durham Bulls players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Florida Instructional League Twins players
XXY is the greatest hits/rarities album by The Young Gods. It spans from 1985 to 2005.
Track listing
Disc 1
"Secret" (Previously Unreleased) - 3:49
"Lucidogen" (From Second Nature) - 4:10
"Skinflowers (Video Edit) (From T.V. Sky)" - 4:04
"Gasoline Man" (From T.V. Sky) - 4:22
"Kissing the Sun" (From Only Heaven) - 3:42
"Did You Miss Me?" (From The Young Gods) - 3:21
"Envoyé!" (From the Envoyé! single) - 2:13
"Fais La Mouette" (From The Young Gods) - 4:46
"September Song" (From The Young Gods Play Kurt Weill) - 2:44
"L'eau Rouge" (From L'Eau Rouge) - 4:22
"L'Amourir" (From the L'Amourir single) - 4:17
"Pas Mal" (From the L'Amourir single) - 2:46
"Charlotte" (From L'Eau Rouge) - 2:04
"Our House" (From T.V. Sky) - 2:51
"Astronomic" (From Second Nature) - 5:45
"Gardez Les Esprits" (From Only Heaven) - 1:07
"Toi Du Monde (Edit)" (From Second Nature) - 5:16
"Child In The Tree" (From Only Heaven) - 2:18
"Donnez Les Esprits" (From Only Heaven) - 6:14
"Alabama Song" (From The Young Gods Play Kurt Weill) - 5:50
Disc 2
"Gasoline Man (Megadrive Mix)" - 6:47
"Astronomic (Astronomix Edit)" - 6:07
"Skinflowers (Brainforest Mix by F. Treichler)" - 7:27
"In The Otherland (Lithos Mix by B. Trontin)" - 3:21
"Child In The Tree (String Arrangement Demo by F. Rodi)" - 2:18
"Drun (from Heaven Deconstruction by TYG - Album Version)" - 4:36
"Supersonic (Dub Mix by F. Treichler)" - 6:00
"Requiem Pour Un Con" (Serge Gainsbourg)- 4:58
"Astronomic (Version 2 - Edit by V. Hänni)" - 6:33
"The End (Live Cover by TYG)" - 3:17
"Supersonic (Al Mix by A. Monod)" - 6:00
"Kissing The Sun (Dub The Sun Mix by Mad Professor)" - 4:36
"The Sound In Your Eyes (Naïve Mix by B. Trontin)" - 3:55
"Astronomic (As_Float Mix - Edit by V. Hänni)" - 6:47
"Iwasi (from Music For Artificial Clouds by TYG - Album Version)" - 5:25
References
The Young Gods albums
2005 greatest hits albums
Albums produced by Roli Mosimann
Albums produced by Franz Treichler
The men's 69 kg (151.8 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third lightest of the male Light-Contact tournaments falling in between the welterweight and light middleweight divisions when compared to Low-Kick and K-1's weight classes. There were twenty-two men from three continents (Europe, Africa and South America) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
Due to an unequal number of competitors for a tournament designed for thirty two contestants, nine of the men had a bye through to the second round. The tournament gold medallist was Poland's Przemyslaw Ziemnicki who won the tournament without having to fight in the final as both his potential opponents, Russia's Evgeny Mayer and Hungary's László Szabó were disqualified in their semi final match. This meant that there was no silver medal winner in the category and only one bronze, which went to Ziemnicki's semi final opponent - Croatian Dejan Cepic.
Results
* Evgeny Mayer and László Szabó both disqualified - there will be no silver or bronze medal for either fighter
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Herschbroich is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
It lies within the original Nürburgring racing circuit.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
The Gérin-Lajoie family is a French-Canadian family descended from Jean Gérin dit La joie, a sergeant in the troops of the military forces of Louis-Joseph de Montcalm, in New France, who arrived in Canada around 1750.
Several members of the family have been notable members of the legal, social and intellectual communities of Quebec since the 19th century.
Notable members
Antoine Gérin dit Lajoie, a poet, married to Marie-Amable Gélinas
André Gérin, dit la Joie (, in Yamachiche, – , in Yamachiche)
André Gérin-Lajoie (, in Yamachiche, – ?), married to Ursule Caron, daughter of Charles Caron.
Charles Gérin-Lajoie (, in Yamachiche, – , in Trois-Rivières), member of the House of Commons of Canada for Saint-Maurice. He married Élizabeth Dupont on September 19, 1843.
Antoine Gérin-Lajoie (, in Yamachiche, – , in Ottawa), lawyer and novelist
Léon Gérin (, in Quebec City, – , in Montreal), Quebec's first sociologist, president of the Royal Society of Canada
Elzéar Gérin (, in Yamachiche, – , in Montreal), married Marie-Agathe-Élodie Dufresne on October 14, 1873.
Denis Gérin
Henri Gérin-Lajoie (, in Quebec City – ), lawyer and bâtonnier of Quebec. He married the pioneering feminist Marie Lacoste (known as Marie Lacoste Gérin-Lajoie), the daughter of Alexandre Lacoste, in 1887
Marie Gérin-Lajoie (, in Montreal, – , in Montreal), social worker and founder of a religious community
Henri Gérin-Lajoie II ( – )
Paul Gérin-Lajoie (, in Montreal, – , in Montreal), politician and creator of the Gérin-Lajoie doctrine.
References
See also
Gérin-Lajoie
Canadian families
The Euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change (CMCC) is an Italian research centre dedicated to climate and climate related research, including climate variability, its causes and consequences, carried out through numerical models ranging from Global Earth System to Regional models within the Euro-Mediterranean area.
History
The centre has been established with initial funding by the Italian Ministry of Education, University and Research (MIUR), the Ministry of the Environment and Protection of Land and Sea (MATT), the Ministry of Agricultural and Forestry Policies (MIPAF) and the Ministry of Finance (MEF), within the Strategic Programme "Sustainable development and climate change" of the 2001 Special Integrative Fund for Research (FISR), aimed at funding specific activities with exclusive strategic relevance, pursuant to the 2001–2003 (also extended to 2005–2007) National Research Programme (PNR). As such, the CMCC fulfils the "creation of an international level centre for research on climate change" with focus on the: "development and in-depth examination of knowledge on climate variability: study of causes and consequences through high resolution simulations".
The CMCC started its operations in mid-2005.
The official opening of CMCC facilities has been put off at the beginning of 2009, coinciding with the "Climate Science in the Mediterranean area" event, which took place in Lecce, on 31 January 2009.
On 10 December 2015 the Center became a Foundation therefore representing CMCC's legal status, its contents, aims and operational modalities.
In June 2018 a new partnership with RFF established the RFF-CMCC European Institute on Economics and the Environment (EIEE), based in Milan.
Organization
The CMCC is a Foundation with its headquarters in Lecce and local units in Bologna, Venice, Capua, Sassari, Viterbo and Milan, to exploit the existing expertise of its partners.
The legal address of CMCC is: (CMCC) Centro Euro-Mediterraneo per i Cambiamenti Climatici – via Marco Biagi 5 - 73100 Lecce, Italy
The Director of CMCC is Dr. Antonio Navarra.
Partners and associated centres
Partners
Istituto Nazionale di Geofisica e Vulcanologia (INGV)
Università degli Studi del Salento
Centro Italiano Ricerche Aerospaziali (CIRA)
Università Ca' Foscari Venezia
Università di Sassari
Università della Tuscia
Politecnico di Milano
Università di Bologna
Associated centres
Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche (CNR) – Dipartimento Ambiente
Istituto Agronomico Mediterraneo di Bari
Centro di Ricerca in Matematica Pura e Applicata – CRMPA
Mission
The mission of the CMCC is "to improve our understanding of the nature and mechanisms of climate variability, its causes and its impacts, with a special emphasis on the Mediterranean area" and its interactions with the global climate.
Through the capabilities of its members and associate centres, the CMCC delivers scientific-technical products and technical support to Ministries, Regions and Provinces and the private sector in fields such as:
climate change assessments;
the protection of the marine environment of the Mediterranean Sea towards a sustainable use of the resources;
ecology, forestry science, health and economy;
risk management (natural hazards related to climate, oil spills, coastal euthrophication, water resources, etc.);
transportation, agriculture, energy and tourism.
Furthermore, through satellite remote sensing, the CMCC also aims to carry out:
the monitoring of the eco-environmental resources (water, agriculture, forestry);
the analysis and prevention of the risks due to natural and anthropogenic hazards;
the monitoring of the energy and transportation networks.
International cooperation is an essential activity of the CMCC, which financially supports several international projects, and participate to European projects and works within bilateral agreements between Italy and other Countries. Other than operating research coordination/management of international projects led by Italian Ministries, the CMCC also provides scientific support for several multilateral international activities, including IPCC, UNCCD, UNEP and UNFCCC.
In 2008–2009, CMCC also supports the Italian G8 Presidency with scientific and technical advice, including for the organization and management of three workshops on climate change related issues.
The centre also contributes to knowledge dissemination through specific events (seminars, conferences, congresses or workshops) and educational activities, with the preparation, funding and management of training programs (on a post-doctoral level), such as PhD Schools and Summer and Winter schools.
Research units
The activities of the CMCC are carried out by and clustered into eight different topical Research units:
ODA Ocean modeling and Data Assimilation
ECIP Economic analysis of Climate Impacts and Policy Division
OPA Ocean Predictions and Applications
IAFES Impacts on Agriculture, Forests, and Natural Ecosystems
REMHI Regional Models and geo-Hydrological Impacts
ASC Advanced Scientific Computing
CSP Climate Simulation and Prediction Division
SEME Sustainable Earth Modelling Economics
Furthermore, CMCC also hosts the working group of the IPCC National Focal Point for Italy.
External links
Foresight
RFF-CMCC European Institute on Economics and the Environment (EIEE).
Climate change organizations
Research institutes in Italy
Derek Read Molter (born February 16, 1982) is an American lawyer from Indiana who serves as a justice of the Indiana Supreme Court after being appointed by Governor Eric Holcomb. He previously served as a judge of the Indiana Court of Appeals from 2021 to 2022.
Early life and education
Molter was born on February 16, 1982 in Lafayette, Indiana. He is a graduate of South Newton High School. He received a Bachelor of Arts, with high distinction, from Indiana University in 2004. While at Indiana University he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa and was also active in student government. He earned a Juris Doctor, magna cum laude, from Indiana University Maurer School of Law in 2007. While in law school, he was the executive notes & comments editor for the Indiana Law Journal and a member of the Order of the Coif, graduating in the top three percent of his class.
Legal career
Molter served as a law clerk for Judge Theresa Lazar Springmann of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Indiana. He also worked as a legal intern for the United States House Committee on the Judiciary. He was then an attorney with Arnold & Porter in Washington, D.C.. In 2013, Molter was a partner at Ice Miller in Indianapolis, serving as part of the litigation and intellectual property group.
Judicial career
Indiana Court of appeals
In August 2021, Molter was appointed as a judge of the Indiana Court of Appeals by Governor Eric Holcomb to replace retiring Judge James S. Kirsch. He was sworn into office on October 1, 2021. His service on the court of appeals terminated when he was elevated to the Indiana Supreme Court.
Indiana Supreme Court
In April 2022, Molter was one of three names submitted to the governor to fill the upcoming vacancy. On June 10, 2022, Molter was appointed as a justice of the Indiana Supreme Court to fill the then upcoming vacancy due to the retirement of Justice Steven H. David, who announced he would retire in fall 2022. David retired on August 31, 2022 and Molter was sworn in on September 1, 2022.
Memberships
Molter serves on the Board of Directors of the Indianapolis Legal Aid Society. Before becoming a judge, Molter served as a member of the National Center for State Courts Lawyers Committee, the Council for Appellate Lawyers, the Indiana State Bar Association's Appellate Practice Section Council, the Indianapolis Bar Association, and he served a term as the Newton County Bar Association president.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
21st-century American lawyers
Arnold & Porter people
Indiana lawyers
Indiana state court judges
Indiana University alumni
Indiana University Maurer School of Law alumni
Justices of the Indiana Supreme Court
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
People from Lafayette, Indiana
Pandamen () is a 2010 Taiwanese TV series directed by and starring Jay Chou and co-starring Nan Quan Mama members Yuhao Zhan and Devon Song in the title roles of "Pandamen".
Cast
Main cast
Other cast
Guest star
Viewership ratings
External links
CTS Official Website
Taiwanese drama television series
Taiwanese television series
2010 Taiwanese television series debuts
2010 Taiwanese television series endings
Chinese crime television series
Chinese science fiction television series
Chinese action television series
Superhero television shows
Chinese Television System original programming
Coffeeville is a ghost town in northeastern Upshur County in East Texas. It is one of the oldest settlements in East Texas.
History
The town lies south of Texas State Highway 155 and five miles west of Lake O' the Pines in "pine country." The place is named after early settlers, the Coffee family, although some accounts claim that the name's origin is from the smell of brewing coffee at campsites in the area or from when a green coffee bean was spilled in the area and took root.
The town first developed when the town of Jefferson, Texas was a riverport and Coffeeville was around one day's journey west. Coffeeville was also a resting and resupplying point for wagon trains headed west. The area was settled by former Southern planters between 1845 and 1866.
According to the Handbook of Texas:
The town declined during and after the American Civil War. During the war the town, at the request of Governor Edward Clark, was a training site for the Confederate soldiers. Following the war, railroad routes bypassed the town and its population steadily dwindled, from 2000 in 1887 to 152 in 1904 and 50 in 1946. The post office closed in 1915, and by 1940 only two stores remained. In 2000 there was a reported population of 50, but except for a small church building nothing remains in the town.
Notes
Ghost towns in East Texas
Geography of Upshur County, Texas
Guns and Kidneys is an unreleased Chinese black comedy film directed by Zhang Meng, and stars Wang Qianyuan, Huang Jingyu, Ivy Chen, Zhang Liang, and Zhang Lanxin. The film will be the first of its kind to introduce the combination of black humor with zombie elements into the Chinese film market. The film was expected to be released on 2019.
Plot
Amon attempted to drift back home to hide from debt, only to find creditors at his door. Wounded, he fled into the wasteland and was rescued by Lao Fan. Lao Fan own a small restaurant called Guns & Kidneys in an abandoned industrial area. About 15 years ago, the area experienced an attempted at demolition, but due to the dissatisfied residents, the project was abandoned midway, leaving behind destitution. Amon found that the people here are lively and tough, but numb because business is bleak.
Opportunity arises when a foreign film crew wanted an abandoned industrial area for filming. As the residents look forward to the businesses that the new film could bring into the area, complications arrive when the demolition project revive and creditors close in on their chase.
Cast
Wang Qianyuan as Lao Fan
Huang Jingyu as Amon
Ivy Chen as Xiao Chu
Zhang Liang as Lao San
Zhang Lanxin as Dong Feifei
Production
Filming
Principal photography on the film began on August 23, 2016 in Baotou, the largest industrial city in Inner Mongolia, China.
References
External links
Guns and Kidneys Official Weibo Page
Chinese black comedy films
Chinese comedy-drama films
Unreleased films
Films shot in Inner Mongolia
Mandarin-language films
Films directed by Zhang Meng
Aaron T. Demarest (1841 – July 13, 1908) was an American carriage manufacturer and automobile body manufacturer. He built carriages in New York City for forty-eight years and luxury automobile bodies for 6 years.
Biography
Demarest was born in Nyack, New York in 1841. In 1855 he moved to New York City. Five years later he started his own business. The business was located on Park Place. Soon thereafter he formed a business relationship with Gabriel C. Chevalier. They moved to 628 Broadway and had a business at this location for thirty years. In 1890 Demarest moved his business to his new Demarest Building at 335-339 Fifth Ave, which was the first building that had an electric elevator. The Demarest building, with the electric elevator installed by the Otis Brothers elevator firm, is on the southeast corner at Thirty-third Street.
In 1873 Demarest and his partner bought the carriage manufacturer Lawrence, Bradley and Pardee Company. The factory located at 61-67 Chapel Street in New Haven, Connecticut, grew to almost 200 workmen. In 1915 production of horse carriages stopped altogether and the factory closed.
Demarest built carriages in New York City at various locations for forty-eight years and additionally luxury automobile bodies at the Demarest Building for 6 years from 1902. Demarest moved to a new showroom at 57th Street and Broadway in 1909, occupying it until about 1917. He incorporated as A. T. Demarest Company around 1899.
Retirement and death
One source says he died at the Kent House in Greenwich, Connecticut where he made his home in the summer time. He had been ill for weeks of ptomaine poisoning contracted at a clambake while attending the commencement exercises at Yale where his grandson had graduated. He was improving when he has stricken with paralysis.
Another source says he had a stroke in 1902 and ultimately turned over his business to his brother, William R. Demarest and son, Warren G. Demarest. They then ran the business with the firm's secretary, Gabriel C. Chevalier. Demarest died July on 13, 1908, in Greenwich. The cause of death of ptomaine poisoning was from eating clams. This happened at a dinner given in honor of the Yale University graduation of his grandson, Francesco Whitmore. He was survived by his two sons, Warren G. and John Howard, and his daughter, Mrs. F.B. Whitmore.
Demarest left a net estate worth over $200,000. His Will stated that Mrs. Annie E. Whittemore, his daughter and his sons Warren G. Demarest and John H. Demarest each to receive some $75,000. His sister, Mrs. Maria Jane Smith was to receive an annuity of $500. The stock of the company was divided among his three children. His son Warren became the president of the Demarest organization with a five thousand dollar salary.
References
Sources
External links
1841 births
1908 deaths
Businesspeople from New York City
American automotive pioneers
19th-century American businesspeople
Iruya is a small town of population 1,070 in northwestern Argentina. It is located in the Salta Province of northwestern Argentina, and is the capital of the Iruya Department.
Overview
Located in the altiplano region along the Iruya River, Iruya sits nestled against the mountainside at an elevation of . It is located over from the province capital of Salta. There is no direct road connection to the rest of the Salta province and access is through a road to the adjacent Jujuy province, a portion of which is unpaved.
Nonetheless, the town is popular with tourists for its scenic location and townscape and friendly locals.
8 km north of Iruya there is the village of San Isidro, 7 km north there is the village of San Juan, 6 km south there is the village of Pueblo Viejo.
Iruya's name is derived from the Quechua language, meaning "abundance of straw".
History
Iruya was officially founded in 1753, but the first inhabitants settled here around 100 years earlier. They were mainly aboriginals of which the oldest roots go back to the Ocloyas, a people belonging to the ethnic group of the Kolla who stem from the Kollasuyo, which used to be one of the four regions of the Inca empire.
Iruya's church was built in 1690.
Climate
See also
Chiyayoc
La Mesada
References
Populated places in Salta Province
Populated places established in the 17th century
There are many markets in Bangkok, Thailand. Notable markets include:
Markets
Tha Tian Market: Ordinary community market on Rattanakosin Island next to the Chao Phraya River.
Sampheng or the official name Soi Wanich 1: A small alleyway lined with numerous shops, and part of Bangkok's Chinatown.
Saphan Han: a continuation of Sampheng, a retail and wholesale various goods market by Khlong Ong Ang, Chakkraphet Road is between it and Phahurat.
Phahurat Market or often known as Thailand's Little India: A large textile market.
Ban Mo Market: Open-air market near Sampheng, Phahurat Market, and Pak Khlong Market is a market for sound equipment and appliances and jewelry.
Bang Lamphu Market: Retail cheap clothing and student uniforms with street foods market.
Asiatique The Riverfront: Night market (; ) by the Chao Phraya River, opened in 2012.
Chatuchak Weekend Market (JJ Market): A large weekend market.
Or Tor Kor Market: Opposite Chatuchak Weekend Market. A popular Thai food market.
Chula Soi 12 (Suanluang Square): Near Chulalongkorn University in Suanluang area. A sportswear markets.
JJ Green Market: Second hand items, restaurants, live music. Originally located on Kamphaeng Phet 3 Road near Chatuchak Park and Chatuchak Weekend Market, but now moved to the area opposite the Dhurakij Pundit University, opened on 6 February 2020 under the new name "JJ Green2 Night Market".
Sunday Market: Large ornamental fish market, a part of the Chatuchak Weekend Market, near J.J Mall, Queen Sirikit Park and Children's Discovery Museum.
Patpong Night Market: Tourist-oriented.
Pratunam Market: Tourist-oriented.
Soi Lalai Sap or Si Lom Soi 5
Soi Choei Phuang or Soi Vibhavadi Rangsit 9 in Chatuchak District: Various goods such as ladies items, kid clothes includes cafeterias. Its connects to Soi Phahonyothin 18/2 on the Phahonyothin Road. It is dubbed "Soi Lalai Sap II".
Suan Lum Night Bazaar Ratchadaphisek
Talat Rot Fai: Daily night market and weekend flea market. Behind the Seacon Square shopping mall.
Wang Lang Market: Day market near Siriraj Hospital and Siriraj Medical Museum. Clothing (new and second-hand), food, small goods.
Thonburi Market (Sanam Luang 2): Weekend market in Thonburi, like JJ Market.
Bon Marché: In Chatuchak District close to Wat Samian Nari.
Bobae Market: Wholesale and retail cheap clothing market along Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem close to Hua Lamphong and Saphan Khao.
Major Ratchayothin Market: Selling items ranging from clothing to watches and sunglasses. Next to the Major Cineplex Ratchayothin.
Bang Rak Market: Flea market. Next to Robinson Department Store (Bang Rak), Tak Sin MRT station and Tak Sin boat pier. Besides selling merchandise, they also have food trucks and stalls, beer bars, beauty salons, and tattoo shops.
Bangkok Gate Plaza: Phahon Yothin, Sai Mai District next to Yaek Kor Por Aor BTS Station.
Suea Pa Plaza: Retail and wholesale IT equipment and mobile phone accessories in Bangkok near Khlong Thom and Sampheng.
Nang Loeng Market: Thailand's oldest official land market has been operating since the reign of King Rama V near Government House and Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem.
Huai Khwang Market: Night market in Huai Khwang District close to Huai Khwang MRT station.
Hua Mum Market: Night flea market in Lat Phrao District on Prasoet Manukit Road.
Hua Takhe Market: A traditional market by Khlong Prawet Buri Rom in Lat Krabang District suburb Bangkok near Hua Takhe railway station.
Siam Gypsy Junction Market: Night flea market selling second-hand goods, antiques, artwork, handicrafts, clothing, accessories including pets and ornamental plants in hipster style like Suan Lum Night Bazaar Ratchadaphisek or Talat Rot Fai under the Bang Son MRT station near Bang Sue MRT station including Bang Sue Junction Railway Station and Bang Sue Central Station
Indy Market: Night flea market selling craft wares, clothing, and many street foods on Suk Sawat Road near Dao Khanong area, with the location around 10 rais (3.9 acres), more than 500 shops divided into different zones clearly.
New Don Mueang Market: Wholesale and retail cosmetics market near Don Mueang International Airport, north Bangkok
New Sam Yan Market: A new look at Sam Yan Market with a two-modern storey building in Sam Yan area flanked by Chulalongkorn University Stadium and Pathum Wan Police Station, divided into three sections: a ready to meal, a wet market, and a cafeteria on the second floor. Open only Tuesday-Wednesday, Saturday-Sunday and public holidays owned and managed by Chulalongkorn University.
Sampeng II Plaza: Modernized Chinese land and floating markets on Kanlapaphruek Road, Bang Khae District. Its name is derived from Sampheng.
Wet markets
A wet market (; ; lit: 'fresh market') is where raw or perishable foodstuffs are sold; a fresh-food market.
Pak Khlong Market: By the Chao Phraya River. Fresh flowers and vegetables.
Trok Mo Market, or Thesa Market: A lively morning (05:00–11:00) market in Rattanakosin Island, or Bangkok's old town zone. It is in Trok Thesa (Thesa Lane), which connects Bamrung Mueang and Ratchabophit Roads between Wat Ratchabophit and Sao Chingcha (Giant Swing) near Wat Suthat. Originally, it was in what is now the Bangkok City Hall and moved here after the construction of city hall in 1973. Fresh food, seafood, fresh fruits, vegetables, ready to meal.
Khlong Toei Market: In Khlong Toei District.
Bang Khae Market: In Bang Khae District, Thonburi, by the Khlong Phraya Ratcha Montri
Talat Phlu Market: One of Bangkok's oldest markets in Thonburi. Nowadays, it is well known for street food
Tha Din Daeng Market: Like the Talat Phlu, it is across the Chao Phraya River from Sampheng.
Wongwian Yai Market: Near Wongwian Yai and Wongwian Yai Railway Station.
Bang Khun Si Market: Near Charansanitwong Halt and Taling Chan Floating Market
Bang Kapi Market: On the end of Lat Phrao Road opposite to The Mall Bangkapi, Bang Kapi District
Sala Nam Ron Market and Sala Nam Yen Market: Two adjacent markets on Sutthawat Road between Bangkok Noi Railway Station and Charansanitwong Halt.
Saphan Pla Krung Thep Market: The only fish market in Bangkok, on Charoen Krung 58 Alley in Yannawa area of Sathon District, operated by the Fish Marketing Organization.
Bangkok Noi and Phran Nok Markets: Two adjacent markets on Itsaraphap Road near Phran Nok and Ban Noen intersections including Bangkok Noi railway station
Sri Yan Market: On Nakhon Chai Si Road in Dusit District between Thewet and Bang Krabue intersections and near Ratchawat intersection
Bang Bon Market or Ekkachai Market and Sirichai Market: Two adjacent markets on Ekkachai Road.
Maha Nak Market or Saphan Khao Market: A wholesale fruit market diagonally from Bobae Market.
Talat Kao or Old Market: An ancient wet market of Yaowarat and Sampheng areas, located in Soi Yaowarat 11. It will be very popular especially during Chinese festivals such as Chinese New Year, Ghost Festival, Vegetarian Festival etc.
Talat Mai or Leng Buai Ia Market: A wet market opposite Talat Kao, located in Soi Yaowarat 6 or Soi Charoen Krung 16 (Trok Issaranuphap), a narrow lane about 4 m (13.12 ft) wide, its name after Leng Buai Ia Shrine, the oldest Chinese joss house in Thailand which is in the market area. It is as popular as Talat Kao.
Talat Krom Phutharet: Another wet market hidden itself in Talat Mai.
Ying Charoen Market: A large wet market in the area of Saphan Mai in Bang Khen District, Bangkok north side, fresh food, dried food, 24-hour food court
Thewet Market or Thewarat Market: A large wet market near Thewet Narumitr Bridge, the first bridge that over Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem on Samsen Road overlap between Wat Sam Phraya, Phra Nakhon District and Dusit, Dusit District close to Sri Yan Market. Fresh and dried food, vegetables, seafood, clothing, ready to eat, as well as living fish for release for making merit and potted plants and flowers.
Simum Muang Market: A large wholesale fruit and vegetables in Khu Khot area near Don Mueang International Airport.
Tai Market: Wholesale agricultural products 24 hours to start trading since 1995 before the official opening in 1997, most greengrocers move from Pak Khlong Market in 1995 like Simum Muang Market. Near Rangsit
Floating markets
Taling Chan Floating Market
Khlong Lat Mayom Floating Market
Bang Namphueng Floating Market
Kwan Riam Floating Market
Or Tor Kor Floating Market: A new fake floating market is set up in Klong Bang Sue within Or Tor Kor Market, Chatuchak District.
Former markets
Khlong Lod Market: Night market near Sanam Luang, new and second-hand cheap clothing, shoes, jeans, toys.
Saphan Phut Night Market: Near Saphan Phut (Memorial Bridge) and Pak Khlong Market, new and second-hand cheap clothes, shoes, jeans, toys like Khlong Lod Market. Now it has moved to set up on Somdet Chaopraya Road.
Sam Yan Market: On Sam Yan Intersection, in the 1960s it covered both sides of Phaya Thai Road.
Khlong Thom Market: Weekend market near Yaowarat. Tools, toys and porn videos.
Saphan Lek Market: Weekend market near Khlong Thom Market. Tools, toys and video games.
Thieves' Market: aka Nakhon Khasem, one of Bangkok's oldest markets and communities, close to Khlong Thom Market.
Sripaisit Night Bazaar: (Siam Paradise Night Bazaar) Trendy clothing, shoes, handicraft, souvenirs.
Suan Lum Night Bazaar: Trendy lifestyle items.
Saturday Market: A large ornamental fish center in paired with Sunday Market, operated around 1999–2000s. They are opposite each other, just between Kamphaeng Phet 2 Road.
Tha Chang Market: Next to the Grand Palace. New and second-hand small goods, amulets, traditional medicines.
Tha Pra Chan Market: On the Chao Phraya River, sells amulets.
Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem Floating Market: On Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem near Government House. Operated between 2015–2017.
Wat Sai Floating Market: In the past, around 1960s used to be the bustling and the most renowned floating market of Bangkok. Currently, it is only a legend.
Maha Nakhon Floating Market: a floating market in Lat Krabang District, east suburb Bangkok.
See also
History of marketing
Market (place)
Market town
Retail
References
Buildings and structures in Bangkok
Bangkok-related lists
Bangkok
Gaetano "Nino" Salvatore (28 July 1932 – 25 June 1997) was an Italian endocrinologist known for his extensive research on the thyroid gland. He spent the majority of his career in Naples' Stazione Zoologica and the University of Naples Federico II, while also spending periods at the American National Institutes of Health and in France.
Life and career
Salvatore studied medicine at the University of Naples Federico II and, after graduating, travelled to Paris to work at the Collège de France with the endocrinologist Jean Roche. During his time in Paris from 1956 to 1958, he developed an interest in endocrinology and particularly the thyroid gland. He returned to Naples in 1959 and continued to collaborate with Roche on research into thyroid diseases at the Stazione Zoologica. In 1961, he moved to Marseille before relocating again in 1962 to the United States, where he worked in Jacob Robbins and Joseph Edward Rall's laboratory at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in Bethesda, Maryland, until 1964.
Salvatore returned to Naples in 1964, where he hosted many foreign investigators, and continued to visit laboratories across Europe and the United States. He intermittently spent time at the NIH in Bethesda, where he was a professor of general pathology between 1972 and 1974, and received a NIH Fogarty Scholarship in 1977. He headed the Centre of Experimental Endocrinology and Oncology of the Italian National Research Council (CNR) from 1972 to 1997 and served as dean of the University of Naples Federico II medical school from 1981 to 1997. He was also president of Stazione Zoologica from 1987 and chair of the CNR Committee for Biotechnology from 1994, both until his death in 1997. He successfully advocated for the introduction of iodised salt to prevent endemic goitre and universal newborn screening for congenital hypothyroidism in Italy.
Research
Salvatore's early research at the NIH focused on the synthesis and structure of thyroglobulin. He discovered in the 1960s that thyroid hormones can be found in the lowest classes of vertebrates and invertebrates. At the NIH, he and his collaborators developed a method for purifying and isolating thyroid iodoproteins (proteins containing iodine) and subsequently discovered a new iodoprotein named 27S thyroglobulin. In the 1980s, he developed the FRTL-5 cell line of rat thyroid cells that was adopted worldwide for performing various functions of the thyroid gland in in vitro experiments. He also contributed to the discovery of the RET proto-oncogene's role in thyroid cancer and the role of various other genes in thyroid development. His last research paper, published posthumously, covered the synthesis of thyroid hormones within the thyroglobulin molecule.
References
1932 births
1997 deaths
Italian endocrinologists
Italian medical researchers
Physicians from Naples
University of Naples Federico II alumni
University of Naples Federico II faculty
National Institutes of Health faculty
National Research Council (Italy) people
Route 180 is a highway in the St. Louis, Missouri area. Its western terminus is at Interstate 270 (I-270) in Bridgeton, running east into the western neighborhoods of St. Louis to its eastern terminus at Kingshighway Boulevard, the border of the St. Louis neighborhoods of Kingsway West and Kingsway East.
Route description
Route 180 is co-signed with Dr. Martin Luther King Drive, where the Drive (which originates farther east, where the Martin Luther King Bridge crosses the Mississippi River into central St. Louis) continues through to join Route 180's eastern terminus at Kingshighway Boulevard, in St. Louis. Route 180 is co-signed with Dr. Martin Luther King Drive, as both travel east, until it crosses the border between the cities of Wellston (to the east) and Pagedale, at a T intersection with Lucas-Hunt Road, where Route 180 becomes co-signed with St. Charles Rock Road through Pagedale and continuing west.
History
Major intersections
Auxiliary route
Route 180 Spur, also known as Pennsylvania Avenue, starts at an intersection with Route 180 and proceeds south to terminate at Route D (Page Avenue) in Pagedale.
References
180
Streets in St. Louis
Transportation in St. Louis County, Missouri
The women's BMX racing competition at the 2020 Summer Olympics took place on 29 and 30 July 2021 at the Ariake Urban Sports Park. 24 cyclists from 17 nations competed in the event.
Background
This was the 4th appearance of the event, which has been held at every Summer Olympics since BMX racing was added to the programme in 2008.
The reigning Olympic champion was Mariana Pajón of Colombia, who also won gold in 2012, and the reigning (2019) World Champion was Alise Willoughby of the United States. Willoughby suffered a crash and did not qualify for the final.
A preview by Olympics.com noted the favourites as Pajón, Willoughby, Laura Smulders of the Netherlands (2018 World Champion), and Saya Sakakibara of Australia.
Qualification
A National Olympic Committee (NOC) could enter up to three qualified cyclists in the BMX race. Quota places are allocated to the NOC, which selects the cyclists. There were 24 quota places available, allocated as follows:
UCI nation ranking (18 places): The top two NOCs each earn three places. NOCs ranked third to fifth each earn two places. NOCs ranked sixth through 11th each earn one place. Each continent was guaranteed one place.
UCI elite individual ranking (three places): The three NOCs with the top individuals on this ranking, which have not yet earned any quota places, each earn one place.
2020 World Championships (two places): The top two NOCs at the 2020 UCI BMX World Championships, which have not yet earned any quota places, each earn one place. Because the 2020 World Championships were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, these places were reallocated to the UCI nation ranking.
Host place (one place): Host nation Japan was guaranteed one place.
Competition format
The competition was a three-round tournament, with quarterfinals, semifinals, and a final. The time-trial seeding run from previous Games was eliminated. In each round, the cyclists raced around a course with jumps and banked turns. The competition proceeded as follows:
Quarterfinals: four heats of six cyclists each. Each heat had three runs, using a point-for-place system (one point for the winner of a run, two points for second, etc.), with the lowest points over the three runs winning. The best four cyclists in each heat (16 total) advanced to the semifinals; the others (eight cyclists) were eliminated.
Semifinals: two heats of eight cyclists each. Again there were three runs per heat, using the point-for-place system. The top four cyclists in each semifinal (eight total) advanced to the final; the others (eight cyclists) were eliminated.
Final: one final of eight cyclists. There was only a single run.
Schedule
The event took place over two consecutive days.
Results
Quarterfinals
Sources:
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Semifinals
Sources:
Heat 1
Heat 2
Final
Sources:
See also
Cycling at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Men's BMX racing
Cycling at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Women's keirin
Cycling at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Women's BMX freestyle
References
Women's BMX
BMX at the Summer Olympics
2021 in BMX
Women's events at the 2020 Summer Olympics
The 1884 United States presidential election in Missouri took place on November 4, 1884. All contemporary 38 states were part of the 1884 United States presidential election. Voters chose 16 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Missouri was won by Governor Grover Cleveland of New York, and Governor Thomas A. Hendricks of Indiana, with 53.49% of the vote, against former Secretary of State and Senator James G. Blaine of Maine and his running mate Senator John A. Logan of Illinois, with 46.02% of the vote.
Results
See also
United States presidential elections in Missouri
References
Missouri
1884
1884 Missouri elections
Joseph Ward (born 30 October 1993) is an Irish professional boxer. As an amateur, he won gold medals at the 2011, 2015 and 2017 European Championships, silver at the 2015 and 2017 World Championships and bronze at the 2013 edition, and represented Ireland at the 2016 Olympics, in the light-heavyweight division
Amateur career
2007 European Schoolboys Championships
Ward won his first major international medal, a 56 kg silver, at the 2007 European Schoolboys Championships in Portsmouth, England.
Results:
T.Dogan: Won - PTS (17:2)
Islam Khalidov: Lost - PTS (1:6)
2008 European Junior Championships
Ward followed up this continental medal with a 63 kg bronze in the Junior age group at the championships in Plovdiv, Bulgaria.
Results:
Donato Cosenza: Won - PTS (17:2)
Kiril Samodurov: Won - PTS (19:3)
Vasile Bucur: Won - RSC (2nd round)
Avak Uzlyan: Lost - PTS (6-20)
2009 World Junior Championships
Ward won his first major gold medal in 2009, at the World Junior Championships in Yerevan, Armenia. Ward defeated Armenian fighter Hayk Khachatryan in the light-middleweight final.
Results:
Denis Rybak: Won - RSC (3rd round)
Rustam Musaadzhiyev: Won - RSC (2nd round)
Ravshanjon Abdunazarov: Won - PTS (12:2)
Hayk Khachatryan: Won - RSC (3rd round)
2010 World Youth Championships
In May 2010, Ward won his second World title at the World Youth Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan. He defeated Australia's Damien Hooper in the final, this time at middleweight.
Results:
Bekim Vjerdha: Won - RSC (2nd round)
Frank Sánchez: Won - PTS (8:1)
Kazim Eneyev: Won - PTS (9:6)
Leonardo Carrillo: Won - PTS (11:3)
Damien Hooper: Won - PTS (6:1)
2010 Youth Olympics
Ward's gold in Yerevan qualified him for the inaugural Youth Olympic Games in Singapore. However, a painful hand injury suffered in the opening round of his opening bout versus Damien Hooper would scupper his medal hopes and, one-handed, he would lose to his Australian rival.
Results:
Damien Hooper: Lost - PTS (2-4)
2011 European Amateur Championships
At the 2011 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Ankara, Ward met Nikita Ivanov in the light-heavyweight final, where he took the gold medal after a 20–12 victory over the Russian to become Ireland's youngest ever Senior European gold medallist.
Results:
Ainar Karlson: Won - PTS (10:7)
Simone Fiori: Won - PTS (15:13)
Imre Szello: Won - PTS (18:8)
Nikita Ivanov: Won - PTS (20:12)
2011 World Amateur Championships
Ward suffered his first Senior defeat at the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan. The Irish teenager reached the Round of 16 where he was eliminated on a countback by Iranian veteran Ehsan Rouzbahani.
Results:
Dilovarshakh Abdurakhmanov: Won - PTS (22:4)
Ehsan Rouzbahani: Lost - PTS (15:15+)
2013 European Amateur Championships
After the Rouzbabhani defeat and his subsequent controversial loss to Bahram Muzzafer in the Olympic qualifiers in Trabzon, Ward's bad luck continued at the 2013 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Minsk. Here the reigning champion was eliminated in his opening fight where, winning handily, he was forced to pull out in the final round after a clash of knees with Mateusz Tryc.
Results:
Mateusz Tryc: Lost - RSCI (3rd round)
2013 World Amateur Championships
In October 2013, at 19 years of age, Ward won a bronze medal at the World Amateur Boxing Championships in Almaty. Ward lost to titleholder, 2011 World Champion Julio César la Cruz in the semi-final. The Cuban went on to retain his title with a gold medal in the final.
Results:
Mateusz Tryc: Won - PTS (3:0)
Norbert Harcsa: Won - PTS (3:0)
Nikita Ivanov: Won - PTS (3:0)
Julio César La Cruz: Lost - PTS (0:3)
2015 European Amateur Championships
Ward won his second European gold in Samokov, Bulgaria in August. Despite an accidental clash of heads opening up a small cut above Ward's left eye, he continued a stylish performance to seal victory over Dutch fighter Peter Müllenberg in the final.
Results:
Idris Shakhmanov: Won - PTS (3:0)
Nikoloz Sekhniashvili: Won - PTS (3:0)
Mikhail Dauhaliavets: Won - PTS (3:0)
Hrvoje Sep: Won - PTS (3:0)
Peter Müllenberg: Won - PTS (3:0)
2015 World Amateur Championships
In October, Ward returned to the World Championships, this time in Doha. Ward made it to the final but missed out on gold when he once again met world champion Julio César La Cruz. The '2015 AIBA World Boxer of the Year' made it three consecutive world championships despite a brave performance from Ward - five years his junior.
Results:
Oleksandr Khyzhniak: Won - PTS (3:0)
Mikhail Dauhaliavets: Won - PTS (3:0)
Elshod Rasulov: Won - PTS (3:0)
Julio César La Cruz: Lost - PTS (0:3)
2016 Olympics
Ward's performances at the World Championships in Doha saw him earn qualification for the Olympics. One of the pre-tournament favourites, Ward was controversially eliminated in his opening bout following two separate points deductions which handed Ecuadorian Carlos Andres Mina a split-decision win.
Results:
Carlos Andres Mina: Lost - PTS (1-2)
2017 European Amateur Championships
Ward won his hat-trick of continental golds at the 2017 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Kharkiv, Ukraine. Ward strolled to the final with a trio of facile, one-sided wins before overcoming Russian Muslim Gadzhimagomedov in a cagey gold medal match.
Results:
Matus Strnisko: Won - PTS (5:0)
Sean Lazzerini: Won - PTS (5:0)
Valentino Manfredonia: Won - PTS (5:0)
Muslim Gadzhimagomedov: Won - PTS (5:0)
2017 World Amateur Championships
Ward was again denied in a World Championships final by Julio César La Cruz in September 2017. Ward, the Irish team captain, made it to the final in Hamburg following wide preliminary wins over Iago Kiziria and Mikhail Dauhaliavets, before a dramatic split decision win over Bektemir Melikuziev. Versus La Cruz, Ward pushed the Cuban closer than ever but was still defeated.
Results:
Iago Kiziria: Won - PTS (5:0)
Mikhail Dauhaliavets: Won - PTS (5:0)
Bektemir Melikuziev: Won - PTS (3:2)
Julio César La Cruz: Lost - PTS (0:5)
World Series of Boxing career
Season Three
Ward was signed by the British Lionhearts franchise for the third season of the World Series of Boxing which spanned 2012 and 2013. Fighting over the five-round format, Ward posted five wins and one loss in his opening season.
Results:
Imre Szello: Won - PTS
Satula Abdulai: Won - RSC
Marko Calic: Won - PTS
Abdelhafid Benchabla: Lost - PTS
Denys Solonenko: Won - PTS
Christian Demaj: Won - PTS
Season Seven
Ward returned to the pro-styled format and the British Lionhearts in 2018 where he topped the individual light heavyweight rankings for the regular season following three dominant wins.
Results:
Damir Plantic: Won - PTS
Blagoy Naydenov: Won - PTS
Bakary Diabira: Won - RSC
Professional boxing career
On 7 June 2019 it was announced that Ward had passed on attempting to qualify for a second Olympics and would sign a pro contract with the New York-based Times Square Boxing Co. with Lou DiBella and Ken Casey offering advisory roles. Ward began his pro career on 5 October 2019 at Madison Square Garden and it would end in disaster as the fighter dislocated his kneecap. The freak second-round injury in his bout with Marco Delgado handed Ward a technical knockout defeat.
Joe started the road to recovery by defeating Luis Velasco and Fernando Alverez both by first-round TKO to set up his return bout with Marco Delgado which Ward won comfortably by a Unanimous Decision. Ward would then further his win streak by beating Tory Williams and Leandro Silva by Unanimous Decision each. Ward would then make his return to Madison Square Garden in a first round annihilation of Britton Norwood.
Professional boxing record
References
Living people
Sportspeople from County Westmeath
Boxers at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
1993 births
Irish male boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Boxers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Ireland
Light-heavyweight boxers
Trevor Halstead (born 17 June 1976 in Margate, KwaZulu-Natal) is a former South African rugby union footballer. His position is centre. He is 1.85m tall, weighs 100 kg, and won 6 caps for the Springboks. He played for the Super 14 team the , but signed for Irish province Munster in 2005.
In 2006 he scored in Munster's Semi-final and Final victories in the Heineken European Cup. In total he played 41 games for Munster and scored 8 tries.
Trevor attended Kearsney College.
References
External links
Munster Profile
1976 births
Living people
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
Munster Rugby players
South African people of English descent
Sharks (rugby union) players
Sharks (Currie Cup) players
Rugby union players from KwaZulu-Natal
Rugby union centres
CRW can be:
Yeager Airport in Charleston, West Virginia (IATA Code: CRW)
Continuous-rod warhead
Raw image format extension for Canon Raw Format
Canard Rotor/Wing, an aircraft configuration used by the Boeing X-50 Dragonfly
Crawley railway station station code
Canopy relative work skydiving discipline
Burg Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Burg im Leimental of the Canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Basel-Landschaft
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Castles in Basel-Landschaft
Gereg may refer to:
Gereg (Egschiglen album), 2007 album by Mongolian band Egschiglen
The Gereg, 2019 album by Mongolian band the Hu
Gramatikov , feminine: Gramatikova is a Bulgarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Daniel Gramatikov, Bulgarian footballer
Boryana Gramatikova, Bulgaria in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017
See also
Grammatikov, Russian variant
Grammaticus
Bulgarian-language surnames
ru:Грамматиков
Soltanabad (, also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 16 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Diocese of Ploaghe (Latin: Dioecesis Plovacensis) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Ploaghe in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia. In 1503, it was suppressed.
Ordinaries
Diocese of Ploaghe
Erected: 1090
Latin Name: Plovacensis
Pere de Portell, O.P. (28 Feb 1328 Ordained – )
...
Nicolò Basone (14 Jun 1447 – 1475 Died)
Basilio Gambone (15 Mar 1476 – 1488 Died)
Bartolomeo Pathos (27 Aug 1488 – 1495 Died)
Giovanni Cardona, O.S.A. (13 Feb 1495 Appointed – )
Suppressed: 1503
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Jacob Louis Kalish (born July 9, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Angels organization.
He was picked by the Royals in the 32nd round of the 2015 Major League Baseball Draft. In 2016 Kalish was an MILB.com Kansas City Organization All Star, and named the organization's best relief pitcher. He played for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic.
Early years
Kalish was born in Red Bank, New Jersey, to Steve and Eileen Kalish, and is Jewish. His brother Ryan Kalish has played as an outfielder in the major leagues with the Boston Red Sox and Chicago Cubs. He grew up in Shrewsbury, New Jersey. While in middle school, he pitched the Jersey Shore Hurricanes U14-15 team to the 2006 championship of the United States Amateur Baseball League (USABL), a youth league headquartered in Point Pleasant, New Jersey.
Kalish was a pitcher at Red Bank Regional High School in Little Silver, New Jersey, from which he graduated in 2010. He was Division Pitcher of the Year both his junior and senior years. He also played football for the school as a freshman.
College
He then attended George Mason University, where he played for the Patriots. While at George Mason, Kalish played collegiate summer baseball for the Brewster Whitecaps of the Cape Cod Baseball League in 2012, and returned to the league in 2014 to play for the Wareham Gatemen. As a switch-hitter for George Mason, Kalish batted .301 in 39 games as a senior in 2015, and started 13 games in which he had a 3.44 ERA and 77 strikeouts (2nd in the Atlantic-10 Conference) in 83.2 innings. He was picked by the Kansas City Royals in the 32nd round of the 2015 Major League Baseball Draft.
Professional career
Kansas City Royals
In his debut year of 2015, Kalish pitched for the AZL Royals of the Rookie Arizona League and the rookie-level Burlington Royals of the Rookie Advanced Appalachian League, going a combined 3–3 with a 2.67 ERA, as he kept batters to a .202 batting average. In 2016, Kalish pitched for the Single-A Lexington Legends of the South Atlantic League and the High-A Wilmington Blue Rocks of the Carolina League, going a combined 3–0 with a 2.45 ERA in 23 relief appearances, as he kept batters to a .192 batting average and averaged 9.1 strikeouts/9 innings and 2.1 walks/9 innings. That season he was an MILB.com Kansas City Organization All Star, and named the organization's best relief pitcher. For the 2017 season, Kalish pitched for the Wilmington Blue Rocks again, going 1–1 with one save with a 1.93 ERA in 10 relief appearances while striking out 23 in 18.2 innings, and for the Double-A Northwest Arkansas Naturals of the Texas League, going 0–7 with a 3.77 ERA in 18 games (9 of them starts). In August 2017, pitching for the Omaha Storm Chasers of the Pacific Coast League Kalish made his second-ever start in Triple-A, against three-time Cy Young Award winner and former MVP Clayton Kershaw, who was in the minors for a rehab start. Kalish outdueled Kershaw with eight strikeouts and two walks in seven shutout innings. In three starts for Omaha, he was 1–0 with a 2.35 ERA, striking out 16 in 15.1 innings.
Kalish started the 2018 season pitching again for the Northwest Arkansas Naturals of the Texas League, for whom he was 2–2 with a 5.12 ERA and 39 strikeouts and 8 walks in 38.2 innings, and then pitched for the Omaha Storm Chasers of the Pacific Coast League, where he was 6–6 with a 3.34 ERA and 85 strikeouts and 13 walks in 89 innings. His 124 strikeouts between the two teams led all Kansas City minor league pitchers for the season. He was named Pacific Coast League Pitcher of the Week for the week ended July 22. In 2019 he pitched three games for the Naturals, and 24 games for the Storm Chasers. He was a combined 8–8 with a 4.86 ERA in 127.2 innings on the year.
Kalish did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season because of the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, Kalish made 30 appearances for Triple-A Omaha, but struggled greatly to a 3-6 record and 6.94 ERA with 106 strikeouts in 96.0 innings pitched across 30 appearances. He elected free agency following the season on November 7, 2021. In his minor league career through 2021, all seasons played with the Royals organization, Kalish was 27–33 with a 4.33 ERA and 505 strikeouts.
Los Angeles Angels
On March 19, 2022, Kalish signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Angels.
Team Israel
Kalish pitched for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic in March 2017, twice facing Team Netherlands.
References
External links
Twitter page
1991 births
Living people
Baseball players from New Jersey
Brewster Whitecaps players
Burlington Royals players
George Mason Patriots baseball players
Jewish American baseball players
Lexington Legends players
Northwest Arkansas Naturals players
Omaha Storm Chasers players
People from Red Bank, New Jersey
People from Shrewsbury, New Jersey
Red Bank Regional High School alumni
Sportspeople from Monmouth County, New Jersey
Wareham Gatemen players
Wilmington Blue Rocks players
2017 World Baseball Classic players
21st-century American Jews
Gastone is a masculine Italian given name. Notable people with the name include:
Gastone Baldi (1901–1971), Italian professional football player
Gastone Bean (born 1936), Italian former professional footballer who played as a striker
Gastone Bottini (born 1987), Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder
Gastone Brilli-Peri (1893–1930), Italian racing driver, won the 1925 Italian Grand Prix
Gastone Darè (1918–1976), Italian Olympic fencer
Gastone Gambara (1890–1962), Italian General during the Spanish Civil War and World War II
Gastone Moschin (1929–2017), Italian actor
Gastone Nencini (1930–1980), Italian road racing cyclist
Gastone Novelli (1895–1919), World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories
Gastone Pierini (1899–1967), Italian weightlifter
Gastone Prendato (1910–1980), Italian professional football player and coach
Gastone Ventura (1906–1981), Italian aristocrat
Gian Gastone de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany (1671–1737), the seventh and last Medicean Grand Duke of Tuscany
Gastone (Petrolini), Italian character created by Ettore Petrolini in his homonymous comedy
Italian masculine given names
JAMfest Super Nationals is one of the biggest competitions that JAMfest Cheer and Dance offers. This competition has been held in Indianapolis, Indiana since 1999 inside the Indiana Convention Center, where this event has been and will be held until 2020. This event is planned around the second or third weekend in January and is a two-day competition. The first day of competing is worth 25% of your total score and the second and final day is worth the other 75% of your score. For the last 5 years there have been over 400 cheerleading teams that have attended and competed and those teams have come from over twenty states and two countries. This event is one of the biggest steps for All Star Cheerleaders and can hopefully land them a bid to The Cheerleading Worlds. The Cheerleading Worlds is the "final destination" in an Star Cheerleaders life. It is where they show everything they have in two minute and thirty seconds in hopes of becoming World Champions. The day before JAMfest Super Nationals actually starts, another competition is held for certain elite teams from all over. This smaller competition is only a one day event, and your team must be invited to compete. This one day event is known as the Majors and the teams that compete in it, are classified as "the best of the best".
The Cheerleading Worlds
The Cheerleading Worlds is the highest success for any all star level 5 team. The Cheerleading Worlds competition is held in Orlando, Florida every year. School teams and "All-Star" teams once competed against each other when this competition was first founded. The National Cheerleaders Association decided that these teams needed to be separated. So they created different divisions for each level of team and their difficulty. Teams attend competitions like JAMfest Super Nationals to obtain a bid to this competition. Cheerleaders are only able to compete at worlds if their team receives a bid or an "invite." The Cheerleading Worlds is held every year in Orlando, Florida at ESPNs Wide World of Sports. On top of trophies, banners, and medals that can be won, they also win a World Champion ring.
Jammy
Jammy is not only the mascot for JAMfest Cheer and Dance but he is also their spirit icon. Jammy attends every JAMfest event and is constantly on the lookout for the next spirit award winner. Having good spirit is a great and positive way to get any team noticed and Jammy makes sure those teams get the recognition they deserve.
Awards
References
Festivals in Indiana
1999 establishments in Indiana
Cheerleading competitions
The Winchester Bible is a Romanesque illuminated manuscript produced in Winchester between 1150 and 1175 for Winchester Cathedral. With folios measuring 583 x 396 mm., it is the largest surviving 12th-century English Bible. The bible belongs to a group of large-sized bibles that were made for religious houses all over England and the continent during the 12th century. The Winchester Bible is important to understanding the history of medieval art, because it was left only partially completed, giving insight into the creation and production of these kinds of Bibles. It can still be seen in the Winchester Cathedral Library, which has been its home for more than eight hundred years. Before it was returned to Winchester Cathedral, the Bible had many owners and suffered because of it. Pages have been removed and torn out; one of those pages is known as the Morgan Leaf and is now owned by the Morgan Library in New York.
History
Origin
During the Romanesque period, the focus of major illumination in Western Europe moved from the Gospel Book to the Psalter and the Bible. The Winchester manuscript is one of the most lavish Bibles of this kind. The manuscript was probably commissioned by the Bishop of Winchester, Henry of Blois, for the Cathedral. The book would have been originally housed in Winchester Cathedral's collection of sacred texts. One theory is that this was the actual Bible that was given to Witham Charterhouse in Somerset. This suggestion, however, is not widely accepted. If it was in fact the same manuscript that was given to Witham, that would imply that all the text and illuminations would have had to have been completed by 1186. It is more widely thought that the Bible could have been worked on all the way up to 1190.
Provenance
Over the years, the manuscript has suffered at the hands of thieves and collectors, the full extent of which is unknown. Currently, the Bible is at Winchester Cathedral Library. One leaf of the Bible, however, has been removed and is now housed at the Morgan Library.
Description
The Bible contains 936 pages, as 468 leaves of calf-skin parchment, which equates to hides of about 250 calves. It is thought that the Winchester Bible was worked on between 1160 and 1190, either as one continuous project from ca. 1160-1180, or in two campaigns, the first starting around 1160 and the other starting 1170-1190. Its first recorded mention, in 1622, describes the manuscript as a Bible in two volumes. Over the years it has been rebound twice, first in 1820, when it was divided into three volumes, and again in 1948. The Bible now spans four separate volumes, bound in gold-tooled cream-coloured leather.
Decoration
The artwork of the Winchester Bible is incomplete. Many illuminations were left unfinished, while others were deliberately removed later on. The illuminations throughout the manuscript appear in varying stages of completion, ranging from rough outlines and inked drawings to unpainted gilded images and figures complete in all but the final details. In all, 48 of the major historiated initials that begin each book stand complete. The different books of the Bible are determined by large decorative first initials; three books were important enough to have full-paged scenes dedicated to them. I Samuel, Judith, and Maccabees all have full page frontispieces but only I Samuel's was actually completed; the other two were left only as drawings.
The decoration of the manuscript involved many different artists with different styles, both figural and decorative. The presence of various styles makes it hard to determine the exact date of the Bible. The different styles could point towards two different periods the Bible was worked on, one earlier and one later. However, it could also imply that both traditional and ground-breaking artists of the time worked on the piece during the same period.
Text
Although many of the illuminations remain unfinished, the Latin text itself is complete. The Bible consists of the entire Vulgate, comprising both Old and New Testaments, two versions of the Psalms, and the Apocrypha, and is written in the Latin of St Jerome. Interestingly, the books of the Bible are all started on the same page as the last page of the previous book. The text also includes many abbreviations and shortened versions of words. This unusual system was thought to have been used to save space and money because the materials were so expensive.
Creation
Preparation
To prepare each calf skin to be included in the Bible the skin had to be soaked in a lye/water solution. The hair and skin then had to scraped off, and the skin had to stretched, dried and processed. Because so many materials were needed to make manuscripts like the Winchester Bible, supplies typically needed to be procured from outside of England. For example, Master Hugo, the maker of the Bible for the Abbey of Bury St Edmunds, had to obtain supplies from Ireland.
Transcribing
Due to the large size of the Bible, it had to be organized into many quires of four bi-folios. Each bi-folio would have been pricked for ruling to ensure the pages and lines of text were arranged properly. Ruling lines were lightly scored into the parchment, which the scribe would use as guides like the lines of a notebook. Unlike other manuscripts of this size, the Winchester Bible was written by the hand of one scribe with a goose feather quill. It is thought that the scribe would have been an accomplished member of the Winchester's Priory of St Swithun, and the work has been estimated to have taken four years to complete. After the text was written it was reviewed by a monk, and then colour was added to important words and letters.
Art
The illuminations reflect the work of at least six different hands, and was worked on for 25 years between 1150 and 1175. The art historian Walter Oakeshott first identified and named these artists in 1945, referring to them as the Master of the Leaping Figures, the Master of the Apocrypha Drawings, the Master of the Genesis Initial, the Master of the Amalekite, the Master of the Morgan Leaf, and the Master of the Gothic Majesty. The Apocrypha Drawings Master was likely trained in France or Normandy since his style of energetic and mannered poses more closely resembles French art at the time, more so than English. The Master of Leaping Figures is almost positively English. The dramatic poses and leaping movements are hallmarks of the Byzantine style that was influential in Winchester, starting around 1130. The Master of the Morgan Leaf, the Amalekite Master, the Master of the Genesis Initial, and the Master of the Gothic Majesty all have varying styles derived from Byzantine influences and are precursors to the Early English Gothic Style.
Close examination of the illustrations revealed that multiple artists would have worked together on the same piece within the manuscript. First a dry point drawing would be traced by one artist, then another would apply gilding or silver accents, and then another artist would add coloured paint. Pigments were sourced from plants, animals, and minerals. The most expensive pigment to produce was not the silver or gold gilding, but the bright blue ultramarine which could only be sourced from lapis lazuli from Afghanistan. Forty-eight illuminated letters were completed, and many more were left unfinished.
Contents
Unfortunately, the Bible no longer holds all of its original pages. Nine illuminated initials and at least one full-page illustration have been removed entirely. Of these, only one (the initial of the Book of Obadiah) has been recovered and restored to the text. Another missing leaf was recovered but never restored to the book. This individual leaf is now housed at the Morgan Library and is commonly referred to as the Morgan Leaf. Whether other similar full-page miniatures have been removed is unknown.
The Morgan Leaf
This page of the Winchester Bible is unique as it is one of three full-paged illuminations in the manuscript, and it is the only one that has been completed. This leaf shows scenes from the lives of Samuel on the recto and of King David on the verso. The Morgan Leaf was painted by the Master of the Morgan Leaf, and is why he was named as such. The Morgan Leaf is characterized by the bold emotion shown in the figures, with less attention paid to the details. The bold blues and reds also add to the emotional depth of the scene.
The leaf was removed during the rebinding process in 1820, and was sold to John Pierpont Morgan in 1912 for 30,000 francs. The first person to recognise the connection between the Morgan Leaf and the Winchester Bible was the British Museum's Keeper of Manuscripts, Eric Millar, in 1926. The identification was later supported by other art historians, and supported by the evidence that the original drawing of the Morgan Leaf was also done by the same hand that did the underdrawings of the Winchester Bible, the Master of the Apocrypha Drawings. This was proven by comparison of the underdrawings of the Morgan Leaf to the incomplete illuminations of the Winchester Bible.
Gallery
Notes
Further reading
Books:
Websites:
Little, Charles T. “The Making of the Winchester Bible.” The Met 150. The Metropolitan Museum of art. January 21, 2015. https://www.metmuseum.org/exhibitions/listings/2014/winchester-bible/blog/posts/making-of-the-winchester-bible
"The Winchester Bible." Winchester Cathedral.org. The Winchester Bible. https://www.winchester-cathedral.org.uk/our-heritage/cathedral-treasures/the-winchester-bible-details/
"The Grove Encyclopedia of Medieval Art and Architecture". Oxford Reference. The Oxford University Press. 2013.https://www.oxfordreference.com/view/10.1093/acref/9780195395365.001.0001/acref-9780195395365
Voelkle, William M. "The Morgan Leaf and the Winchester Bible." The Met 150. The Metropolitan Museum of art. February 10, 2015. https://www.metmuseum.org/exhibitions/listings/2014/winchester-bible/blog/posts/the-morgan-leaf-and-the-winchester-bible
Films
Films for the Humanities & Sciences (Firm), and Films Media Group. 2011. Ancient Bibles. New York, N.Y.: Films Media Group. http://digital.films.com/PortalPlaylists.aspx?aid=13753&xtid=55768.
Illuminated biblical manuscripts
12th-century illuminated manuscripts
Glyceria is a widespread genus of grass family common across Eurasia, Australia, North Africa, and the Americas.
Glyceria is known commonly as mannagrass in the United States, or, in the UK, sweet-grass. These are perennial rhizomatous grasses found in wet areas in temperate regions worldwide. The base of the grass grows along the ground and may root at several places. Then it grows erect and bears leaf blades which may be flat or folded. The panicle inflorescences nod when heavy. Some mannagrasses are considered weeds while others are endangered in their native habitats.
Species
Glyceria acutiflora - creeping mannagrass - China, Korea, Japan, northeastern + east-central USA
Glyceria alnasteretum - Alaska, Russian Far East, Japan, Korea
Glyceria × amurensis - Amur Oblast
Glyceria arkansana - Arkansas mannagrass - south-central USA
Glyceria arundinacea - Eurasia from Hungary to Korea
Glyceria australis - Australian sweetgrass - Australia
Glyceria borealis - northern mannagrass - western, north-central, + northeastern USA incl Alaska; Canada incl Yukon + Northwest Territories; Mexico (Chihuahua)
Glyceria canadensis - rattlesnake mannagrass, Canadian mannagrass - Canada; USA (Northeast, Great Lakes, Oregon, Washington)
Glyceria caspia - Caucasus
Glyceria chinensis - China (Yunnan, Guizhou)
Glyceria colombiana - Colombia
Glyceria declinata - waxy mannagrass, low glyceria, small sweet-grass - Europe, Morocco, Madeira, Azores, Canary Islands; naturalized in scattered locales in North America
Glyceria depauperata - Japan, Kuril Islands
Glyceria × digenea - France, Czech Republic
Glyceria drummondii - Western Australia
Glyceria elata - tall mannagrass - western USA, British Columbia, Alberta
Glyceria fluitans - water mannagrass, floating sweet-grass - Morocco; Eurasia from Iceland + Portugal to Turkmenistan
Glyceria × gatineauensis - Québec, New York, West Virginia
Glyceria grandis - American mannagrass - USA incl Alaska; Canada incl Yukon + Northwest Territories
Glyceria insularis - Tristan da Cunha
Glyceria ischyroneura - Japan, Kuril Islands, Korea
Glyceria latispicea - New South Wales
Glyceria leptolepis - Russian Far East, China incl Taiwan, Korea, Japan
Glyceria leptorhiza - Korea, Honshu, Hokkaido, Heilongjiang, Amur Oblast, Khabarovsk, Zabaykalsky Krai
Glyceria leptostachya - davy mannagrass, narrow mannagrass - California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia, Alaska
Glyceria lithuanica - Lithuanian mannagrass - northern Eurasia from Norway to Korea
Glyceria maxima - reed mannagrass, English watergrass, reed sweet-grass - Eurasia from Ireland to Xinjiang
Glyceria melicaria - melic mannagrass - eastern North America
Glyceria multiflora - Chile, Argentina, Uruguay, Rio Grande do Sul, Santa Catarina
Glyceria nemoralis - Caucasus, central + eastern Europe
Glyceria notata - marked glyceria, plicate sweet-grass - Eurasia + North Africa from Denmark + Morocco to Xinjiang
Glyceria nubigena - Great Smoky Mountain mannagrass - Great Smoky Mountains of North Carolina + Tennessee
Glyceria obtusa - Atlantic mannagrass - eastern North America
Glyceria occidentalis - northwestern mannagrass - California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia, Idaho, Nevada
Glyceria × ottawensis - Ontario
Glyceria × pedicellata - northern + central Europe
Glyceria pulchella - MacKenzie Valley mannagrass, beautiful glyceria - Alaska, western Canada incl Yukon + Northwest Territories
Glyceria saltensis - Salta Province in Argentina
Glyceria septentrionalis - floating mannagrass - eastern USA, eastern Canada, northeastern Mexico
Glyceria spicata - India, Mediterranean
Glyceria spiculosa - eastern Russia, northern China, Korea
Glyceria striata - fowl mannagrass, ridged glyceria - Canada incl Arctic Territories, USA incl Alaska, Mexico, Guatemala
Glyceria × tokitana Masamura - Japan
Glyceria tonglensis C.B.Clarke - Himalayas, China incl Tibet
formerly included
Numerous species now considered better suited to other genera: Arctophila Catabrosa Colpodium Dryopoa Eragrostis Hydrocotyle Melica Phippsia Poa Puccinellia Scolochloa Torreyochloa Triplasis
References
Poaceae genera
Grasses of Africa
Grasses of Asia
Grasses of Europe
Grasses of North America
Grasses of Oceania
Grasses of South America
Milan Ristić (; 31 August 1908, Belgrade – 20 December 1982, Belgrade) was a Serbian composer, and a member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts ((SANU) SASA).
Biography
Along with Mihovil Logar, Dragutin Čolić, Ljubica Marić, Vojislav Vučković, and Stanojlo Rajičić, Ristić belonged to the so-called "Prague group" of composers that entered musical life of the Serbian capital at the onset of the 1930s. Following World War II the members of this circle played leading roles in Serbian and Yugoslav music. Given his affiliation with the pursuits of European contemporary music he acquired during his education in Paris and prior to relocating to Prague, Milan Ristić occupies a special place among the Prague group. He received his first piano instruction in Belgrade from Ivan Brezovšek. In 1927 he moved to Paris with his school friend, the author Oskar Davičo, where he began study of composition (1927–29) with G. Pierson. Upon his return to Belgrade, Ristić continued his education with Miloje Milojević and Josip Slavenski at the Music School in Belgrade. Following his father's death, he supported his family by playing in the Belgrade jazz band The Jolly Boys. In 1929, Ristić destroyed the score of his first composition, Four impressionistic pieces, but the second piano miniature of this work, "Invocation", survived. During his studies with Alois Hába at the Prague Conservatory, Ristić became familiar and began to adopt ideas about 'athematicism', the continuous development of the thematic material, and accepted linear thinking that would become a significant characteristic of his future works. His early works (Sinfonietta, the single-movement Violin concerto, and piano Preludes) display the spirit of the Interwar modernism, leaning in certain cases on Hába's quarter-tone music teachings (Suite for four trombones and the Septet). Ristić returned to Belgrade from Prague in 1939 due to the German occupation of Czechoslovakia. Back home, he began working at Radio Belgrade, where he remained professionally connected going forward, but withdrew his public radio performances during the war period of the German invasion and occupation of Yugoslavia. He returned to Radio Belgrade after WWII, in the position of assistant editor-in-chief for music programs until 1963, when he became a consultant for music programs at the Radio-Television Belgrade (today Radio Television of Serbia). He was inducted into the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts as a corresponding member in 1961, and also served as President of the Composers' Association of Serbia from 1960 to 1962. Milan Ristić received a Yugoslav Order of Labour with the Red Flag.
Works
Ristić wrote his boldest compositions, including those in quarter- and sixth-tone systems, during his studies. He is though, best known for his nine symphonies and other orchestral works, such as Sinfonietta, Man and war (symphonic poem), Symphonic movement, Suita giocosa, Symphonic variations, Burlesque, Seven bagatelles, The Suite, Three little pieces, Three polyphonic studies, and The Gallop. Along with his symphonic compositions, he wrote a number of concertante works, including Concerto for violin, two concertos for piano, Concerto for clarinet, Concerto for trumpet, Concerto for orchestra, and Concerto for chamber orchestra. His chamber oeuvre in the semitone system consists of notable works such as the five-string quartets, Wind quintet, Sonata for two violins and piano, two sonatas for violin and piano, Sonata for viola and piano, Duet for violin and piano, Duet for violin and viola, and twenty-four fugues for various instrumental ensembles. Among Ristić's quarter-tone works are: Suite for four trombones, the Septet, Suite for ten string instruments, Sonata for solo violin, and his Duet for violin and cello, which is based upon the sixth-tone microtonal system. Ristić also composed stage music for the ballets Cinderella and The Tyrant (unfinished). His works Through the blizzard, The Poplar, The Death of Smail-aga Čengić, and A Song about the hawk, for narrator and chamber or large orchestra, aligned him with a few Serbian composers who fostered the melodrama genre. Ristić left behind a certain number of folk-song and dance arrangements and orchestrations of compositions by Josif Marinković and Isidor Bajić.
The Second symphony from 1951 represents a paradigmatic example of Ristić's compositional and technical skillfulness. Realized with limited means of expression, the symphony is oriented toward a balanced and perspicuous form achieved through transparent melodic content and functional harmonic relationships. The first, upbeat movement embraces a lyrical theme, defining in its further unfolding the contours of a sonata form. The second movement represents simulation of a serenade with a grotesque gesture embodied in the theme's orchestration, delivered by clarinet accompanied by tuba and bassoon. Featuring odd meters, the Scherzo and Trio imply folk origins, though lacking any unambiguous melodic relationships with a certain folk tune. The symphony's finale develops as a modernist fugue, in which Ristić showcased his conduct of contrapuntal skills (inversions, augmentations, and stretti). Ethereal but effective orchestration and receptiveness of performers and audience, led to international performances of this work (Geneva, orchestra Suisse romande). In 1951, when the symphony was premiered (September 5, 1951, Symphonic Orchestra of the People's Republic of Serbia, conductor Živojin Zdravković), a transition from the dominant socialist realism toward (moderately socialist) modernist—socialist aestheticism took place and "the Second symphony marked the beginning of the 'new epoch' in Serbian music and culture at large" (Mikić 2009, 119). In its structural aspects, Ristić's Second symphony corresponded with the unfolding cultural changes. The symphony's neoclassic expression represents a fostering of tradition of 'healthy' classicism, contrary to the daily vulgarization of art for political purposes. Lacking the programmatic underpinnings, but skillfully developed in terms of canonic craft and simulation of certain models with folkloristic connotation (Scherzo in 5/8 and Trio in 7/8 meter), by its completeness and wholeness, this symphony does not oppose the then governing doctrine, while at the same time it represents a work of modern expression. By its optimistic spirits the Second symphony embodies the momentum of transition of the entire Yugoslav society from a Warsaw Pact country to one of self-governed socialism.
Suita giocosa, but particularly The Seven bagatelles for orchestra, both underscore Ristić's "optimism"; "with clear forms and free but still present tonality and clarity of polyphonic procedures (…) these works carry extraordinary communicativeness" (Bergamo 1977, 80). Peričić states that Ristić's Bagatelles are "humorous, of clear formal structure, and transparent sound," and labels the composer "a master of neoclassic expression," to whose works are attributed "gaiety, lyricism, and amiable humor," but always "rationally controlled" (Peričić 1969, 471-72). Evoking his Second symphony's Scherzo, Ristić in Bagatelles utilizes 5/8 meter, thus "implying folklore," but also includes a very important modernist epithet which by its "unusual harmonies" speaks about the composer's "individuality" and "contemporaneousness" (Peričić 1969, 472). The published reviews of Ristić's works at the time of their performances reinforce "the closeness with the man of our reality," "the results yielded by the synthesis of talent, healthy life outlook, and studious, hard work," and a "sound orchestral style in our music" (Bergamo 1977, 80).
In the Third symphony, from the position acquired in his previous works, Ristić selects and re-adopts certain procedures from his student compositions. The Symphony is dedicated to the 20th anniversary of the Revolution, and was performed on the eve of the celebration of the Uprising Day, 6 July 1961, and then at the concert of the Belgrade Philharmonic with conductor Živojin Zdravković. The same year it was conferred the Belgrade October Award. The example of the Third symphony offers numerous compromises characteristic for socialist aestheticism. Expressively far from soc-realism, this work is indeed dedicated to the 20th anniversary of the Revolution. But it does not feature quotations of the songs from the National Liberation War (Narodnooslobodilacka borba, NOB) or procedures known from the 1940s. The only connection with the Revolution is found in the movements' subtitles (Youth—Unrests—Occupation—New world (Mladost—Nemiri—Okupacija—Novi svet)), but in synthesis with Ristić's biography. The "classic" four-movement symphonic cycle with the "appropriate" order of movements (second movement Scherzo, third movement slow) is realized with "contemporary" language. The language "contemporaneousness" however, is not unambiguous since it does not pertain to dodecaphony or tonal means, while at the same time both the procedures with twelve tones and clear "tonal" centers exist in the work. Here, Ristić also demonstrated his contrapuntal and orchestration skills, though without indication of communicating an extra musical narrative. This composition does not contain a "strict, determined program," but, as Peričić states "it operates by its sole musical content." The "non-discursive" trait of this symphony is emphasized by its traditional four-movement formal plan: Allegro moderato—Vivace, Come una Marcia funebre, Tempo I—Andante mosso— Allegro assai, in which individual movements follow the sonata form (first and fourth movements), and binary—ternary architectural patterns (second and third movements).
Concerto for piano and orchestra from 1954 is conceived simply, without the usual virtuosity. The micro plan of the work, with order of movements—fast-slow-fast—does not deviate from traditional concept. Ristić here also utilizes C. Franck's cyclical principle. Following the first subject in C-major, the appearance of the second subject in A-flat major, as well as meter changes in the second movement (4/4, 5/4, 4/4, and 5/4) depart from "classical" solutions. The second, lyrical movement begins with a polyphonic excerpt with meter changes, thus implying folk connotations. The third movement, featuring chords brisker than used previously, flows in an upbeat motion.
The oeuvre of Milan Ristić additionally includes Concerto for violin (1944), Concerto for clarinet (1964), the Fourth (1966), Fifth (1967), Sixth (1968), Seventh (1972), Eighth (1974), and Ninth (1976) symphonies, Concerto for piano from 1973, and Concerto for trumpet from 1978.
Selected works
Orchestral:
Sinfonietta (1939)
First symphony (1941)
Man and war (Čovek i rat) (1942), symphonic poem
Second symphony (1951)
Suita giocosa (1956)
Symphonic variations (1957)
Burlesque (1957)
The Seven bagatelles (1959)
Third symphony (1961)
Music for chamber orchestra (1962)
Fourth symphony (1966)
Fifth symphony (1967)
Sixth symphony (1968)
Seventh symphony (1972)
Eighth symphony (1974)
Ninth symphony (1976)
Concertante works:
Concerto for violin (1944)
First concerto for piano (1954)
Concerto for chamber orchestra (1958)
Concerto for orchestra (1963)
Concerto for clarinet (1964)
Second concerto for piano (1973)
Concerto for trumpet (1978)
Chamber works:
Duet for violin and viola (1931)
First string quartet (1935)
Wind quintet (1936)
Suite for violin and viola (1937)
Second string quartet (1942)
Sonata for viola and piano (1945)
Music for quartet of horns (1970)
Five sketches for flute, clarinet, viola, and harp (1971)
Five characters for wind quintet (1972)
Third string quartet (1977)
Fourth string quartet (1977)
Fifth string quartet (1977)
Solo pieces:
Little suite for solo double bass (1975)
Sheet Music
Concerto for chamber orchestra (Composers' Association of Serbia, CAS (Udruženje kompozitora Srbije, UKS), 1971)
First concerto for piano and orchestra (Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts, SASA (SANU), 1979)
Second concerto for piano and orchestra (SASA, 1977), orchestral score and reduction for two pianos
Third symphony (SASA, 1965)
Fourth symphony (CAS, 1968)
Seventh symphony (SASA, 1981)
Symphonic variations (Yugoslav Composers Editions, 1961)
Recordings
Five characters for five instruments, Rudolf Bruči and Milan Ristić; Yugoslav Music Forum, Jugoton, LPS-61062, 1973.
The Eighth symphony and Five pieces for chamber orchestra, PGP RTB, LP 2517; Contemporary Yugoslav Composers, 1977.
Literature
Bergamo, Marija. 1977. A Composer's Work: The Creative path of Milan Ristić (Delo kompozitora: Stvaralački put Milana Ristića). Belgrade: Univerzitet umetnosti.
Marinković, Sonja, ed. 2010. Milan Ristić. Belgrade: FMU.
Mikić, Vesna. 2007. "The Neoclassical tendencies" (Neoklasične tendencije). In A History of Serbian music. Belgrade: Zavod za udžbenike.
Mikić, Vesna. 2009. The Faces of Serbian music – Neoclassicism (Lica srpske muzike – neoklasicizam). Belgrade: FMU.
Milin, Melita. 1998. The Traditional and the novel in post World War II Serbian music (1945-1965) (Tradicionalno i novo u srpskoj muzici posle Drugog svetskog rata (1945-1965)). Belgrade: Institute of Musicology, SASA.
Peričić, Vlastimir. 1969. Composers in Serbia (Muzički stvaraoci u Srbiji). Belgrade: Prosveta.
Stojanović-Novičić, Dragana and Marija Masnikosa.2007. "Orchestral music," in A History of Serbian music, Belgrade: Zavod za udžbenike.
1908 births
1982 deaths
Serbian composers
Musicians from Belgrade
20th-century composers
Reforms for the Future () was a Ukrainian deputy group turned faction in its national parliament Verkhovna Rada created on February 16, 2011. Deputy Ihor Rybakov (earlier elected on the election list of the Bloc of Yulia Tymoshenko), is the group's faction leader. The faction supported the Azarov Government. All members of the group had individually already entered into the parliamentary coalition which supported this government. At its peak the group contained 21 deputies (in January 2012). In the parliament elected on 28 October 2012 that started its tasks on 15 December 2012 the faction was not re-created.
History
Reforms for the Future started as a new deputy group in the Verkhovna Rada (Ukraine's parliament) on August 31, 2010. The Reforms for the Future deputy group stated in September 2010 that it intended to seek the rights of a parliamentary faction. After the cancellation of the Imperative Mandate on October 1, 2010 it became possible for 15 or more deputies to form a parliamentary faction (a lawmaker can join only one faction; the chairman and his two assistants cannot head factions of deputies). At that time, the deputy group consisted of 17 deputies expelled from the Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc–Batkivschyna faction (BYuT) and two deputies from the Ukraine–People's Self-Defense Bloc faction. MP Ivan Pliusch (at the time an independent MP) joined the group on February 15, 2011. Taras Chornovil joined Reforms for the Future soon after. Setting up a faction without a party is not uncommon in Ukraine's parliamentary history. Several influential parties have been founded after they had already founded a faction in the Verkhovna Rada, examples of this are the Party of Regions, All-Ukrainian Union "Fatherland" and Labour Ukraine.
Rumours that the group was formed by businessmen who allegedly "fled" from BYuT "for fear of political persecution" have been denied by the group. Early 2012 Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko deputy Roman Zabzalyuk was briefly a member of the group; he claimed to investigate political corruption. He stated after rejoining the Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko early February 2012 that "They offer $500,000 for a transfer [to the parliamentary group], and then they pay a monthly salary of $20,000-25,000". In contrast, according to the deputy leader of the Reforms for Future group, Volodymyr Kapliyenko, Zabzalyuk had claimed he was "suffering a very serious disease" and the group had raised some $100,000 for Zabzalyuk to undergo surgery in Israel. The day after these allegations were made (9 February 2012) Chornovil left the faction. BYuT deputies claimed mid-February 2012 they had transferred the bribes Zabzalyuk had received to the Okhmatdyt National Children's Hospital.
In the parliament elected on 28 October 2012 that started its tasks on 15 December 2012 the faction was not re-created. But certain former members were re-elected to parliament.
Issue stances
The group supported land reform, pension reform and raising of the retirement age. The group stated it basically supports all reforms initiated by Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych "but with corrections".
References
External links
Official website of faction leader Ihor Rybakov
Politics of Ukraine
Parliamentary groups in Ukraine
2011 establishments in Ukraine
2012 disestablishments in Ukraine
Party of Regions
Party switching
Jermantown is an unincorporated community in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. Various parts of Jermantown are included within the independent city of Fairfax to its south and east. Today, this once rural community is centered at the intersection of Jermantown Road and Lee Jackson Memorial Highway (U.S. Route 50). The Old Jermantown School was located at the present site of Providence Elementary School.
History
Jermantown/Germantown, located near the critical intersection of the Little River Turnpike (today Route 50) and Warrenton Turnpike (today Route 29), was part of the Ox Hill battlefield on September 1, 1862, and was held by Union troops under General Joseph Hooker.
References
Unincorporated communities in Fairfax County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Washington metropolitan area
Fairfax, Virginia
Now Kola (, also Romanized as Now Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 355, in 96 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Kansas's 23rd Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Kansas Senate. It has been represented by Republican Robert Olson since his appointment in 2011 to succeed fellow Republican Karin Brownlee.
Geography
District 23 covers much of Olathe in the south-central Johnson County suburbs of Kansas City.
The district is located entirely within Kansas's 3rd congressional district, and overlaps with the 14th, 15th, 26th, 49th, and 78th districts of the Kansas House of Representatives.
Recent election results
2020
2016
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 23
References
23
Johnson County, Kansas
Sätraån (Swedish: "Stream of Sätra") is a stream in southern Stockholm, Sweden.
Previously stretching 6 km from Västertorp and Segeltorp, Sätraån is today confined to the Sätra Open-air Area and approximately a kilometre long. The limited current discharge causes the stream to be reduced to minor temporary pools of water except during spring. Nevertheless, the stream is considered a valuable natural environment because of the ravine it has cut through the landscape and because of its location in a forest of recreational importance to the suburb Sätra.
Catchment area
The catchment area, once encompassing a major portion of south-west Stockholm (roughly 11–12 km²), is today insignificant and the stream is drained during most of the year. The inflow was slightly increased in 2002 when a stormwater pipe was modified and a dam was built to treat the water. The mouth of the stream is located near a public bathe. Most of the surrounding area is covered by grass and forests with no settlements within the current catchment area.
Environmental influence
Notwithstanding the limited extent of the catchment area, the few samples taken in the area showed significant levels of phosphorus, nitrogen, and metals; a situation explained by the inflow of groundwater from an area larger than suggested by the extent of the watershed. Samples taken in 2000 showed levels of lead, zinc, and copper were exceptional in the upper course.
Flora and fauna
Bottom fauna includes some 53 species, typically endurable to nutrient-rich aquatic environments offering stagnant waters and low levels of oxygen - most commonly various species of Oligochaeta and Pisidium. An inventory in late 1999 / early 2000 also documented larvae of Chironomidae flies and Asellus aquaticus crustaceans; A few species of beetles and caddisflies, including species more typical for moist environments such as wetlands and marshes. Also species sensitive to acidification, such as Gammarus pulex and Baera pullata, were recorded. Near the mouth of the stream various species of mayflies common to exposed lake shores and running waters were documented.
See also
Geography of Stockholm
Rivers of Sweden
Notes
References
Geography of Stockholm
Rivers of Stockholm County
Norrström basin
"The Midnight Choir" is the second single taken from The Thrills' third album, Teenager. It was released on October 29, 2007, as a download-only single and did not chart in the UK Singles Chart.
The single was originally planned to be released on two 7" vinyl records (each with different artwork and B-sides) as well as on CD with a third new song. Seemingly at the last minute the physical formats were pulled and the song was released only as a download. One of the B-sides, "Mystery," was sent as a free download to members of the Thrills mailing list. The other B-sides, entitled "To Be A Spectacular Failure" (from the CD release) and "You're So Easy On Yourself," have not been released.
Track listing
References
2007 singles
The Thrills songs
Virgin Records singles
2007 songs
Elmwood Park Memorial High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Elmwood Park, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school of the Elmwood Park Public Schools. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1963.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the school had an enrollment of 742 students and 52.2 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.2:1. There were 245 students (33.0% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 66 (8.9% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History
Before the district opened its own high school, students from East Paterson had been sent to attend Lodi High School until 1953 and then were shifted to East Rutherford High School starting in 1954 due to lack of capacity at the Lodi school.
East Paterson Memorial High School opened in September 1957 with 1,075 students in grades 7-10 attending split sessions, to allow for the construction of unfinished portions of the complex.
Awards, recognition and rankings
The school was the 214th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in New Jersey Monthly magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 248th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 210th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 201st in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 237th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Athletics
The Elmwood Park High School Crusaders participate in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference (NJIC), which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, Elmwood Park was a member of the smaller Bergen-Passaic Scholastic League (BPSL). With 536 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II North for football for 2018–2020.
The wrestling team won the North I Group II state championship in 1982 and 1986. In 2006, the Elmwood Park High School wrestling team won the BPSL Championship, had a record of 22–2 for the season, were semifinalists in the state sectionals, and ranked top ten in Bergen County.
The high school's football team had a 41-game losing streak that lasted from 2002 until September 30, 2006, when they defeated the Manchester Regional High School Falcons, 33–14, snapping the four-year-long losing streak that was North Jersey's longest for a football team.
After going 20 years without a winning record, the Elmwood Park High School baseball team went 19–6 in 2006, winning the league championship and doubling their wins every year for three seasons. They were semifinalist in the state tournament and county qualifiers.
The 2003 boys' basketball team won the North I, Group I state sectional title, their first championship since 1984, with a 70–56 win against Park Ridge High School in the tournament final. The boys' basketball team won the North I, Group I state championship in 2007, defeating Leonia High School 78–70 in a game played at Hudson Catholic Regional High School.
Administration
Core members of the school's administration are:
David Warner, Principal
Leon Samuels, Assistant Principal
Notable alumni
Michael Cade (born 1972), actor, who appeared in California Dreams.
Vinny Ciurciu (born 1980), former linebacker who played in the NFL for the Detroit Lions, Minnesota Vikings, New England Patriots and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Cora-Ann Mihalik (born c. 1954; class of 1972), former television news anchor and reporter who was best known for her role as co-anchor and news reporter for Fox WNYW and My 9 WWOR from 1987 to 2011.
References
External links
Elmwood Park Memorial High School
Elmwood Park Public Schools
School Data for the Elmwood Park Public Schools, National Center for Education Statistics
1957 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1957
Elmwood Park, New Jersey
Middle States Commission on Secondary Schools
Public high schools in Bergen County, New Jersey
Crane Mountain is a mountain in the Adirondack Mountains of New York. It is located northwest of Warrensburg in Warren County. The mountain is the former site of a steel fire lookout tower. The tower was installed in 1918, and later removed in 1987.
History
In September 1911, the Conservation Commission built a wood fire lookout tower on the mountain. In 1918, the Conservation Commission bought a Aermotor LS40 steel fire lookout tower, and installed it on the mountain the next year. Due to increased use of aerial detection which was better, the tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1970 fire lookout season. The tower was deemed as surplus in 1984, and later removed in 1987.
References
Mountains of Warren County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Mongyai Township is a township of Lashio District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. The principal town is Mongyai. Mount Loi Leng (1,823 m) of Mongyai is the highest point in Shan State.
History
Historically Mong Yai was the capital of South Hsenwi state.
Sao Hso Holm, ex-saopha of Mongyai was one of the founders of Shan Nationalities League for Democracy in October 1988. Khun Sa was born in Loi Maw of Mongyai Township at 17 February 1934.
There were several skirmishes between Myanmar Army and Shan State Army in Mongyai during 2011.
Towns and villages
Hai-ko
Hai-pu
Hang-hsio
Hapa-palang
Hatlö
Hat-yao
Hau-ti
Hio-hka
Hkai-aw
Hkai-lu
Hkaimawn
Hkam-yom
Hkawnhkok
Hko-hak
Hko-lawn
Hko-mong
Hko-nim
Hkö-tum
Ho-hko (22°27'0"N 97°55'0"E)
Ho-hko (22°16'0"N 97°58'0"E)
Ho-hko-nam-hpak-lün
Ho-hkong
Ho-hwè
Hok-la
Ho-lan
Ho-leng
Ho-na
Honghang
Hongmon
Ho-pong
Ho-tawng
Ho-tu
Hpa-hin
Hpa-hseng
Hpakkom
Hpaknam
Hpanghpai
Hpa-suk
Hpa-tan
Hsaihkao
Hsai-kau
Hsai-leng
Hsentaw
Hswe-hpu
Hwe-hok
Hwe-lawt
Hwè-lü
Ka-lo
Kawng-hka
Kawnghkam (22°32'0"N 97°58'0"E)
Kawnghkam (22°30'0"N 97°56'0"E)
Kawng-hōng (22°41'0"N 97°53'0"E)
Kawng-hong (22°38'0"N 97°52'0"E)
Kawnghsan
Kawng-hsang
Kawng-ke
Kawng-sam (22°44'0"N 97°55'0"E)
Kawng-sam (22°34'0"N 97°53'0"E)
Kawng-sam (22°34'0"N 97°50'0"E)
Kawng-up
Kawngwit
Kio-it
Kio-wün
Kōng-hsa
Konghsa
Kōng-möng
Kongmong
Kong-nio (22°42'0"N 97°54'0"E)
Kōng-nio (22°35'0"N 97°56'0"E)
Kongnio
Kong-pau
Kong-söng
Kōng-wat
Kunghkam
Kunghsa
Kung-kaw
Kungsong
Kungwit
Kun-hio
Kunkeng
Kun-loi
Laksang
Lenti
Lin-ten
Loi-hkan
Loihseng
Loi-lungtung
Loi-ngam
Loi-ngun (22°36'0"N 97°52'0"E)
Loi-ngün (22°23'0"N 97°53'0"E)
Loi-sawng
Loi-ywoi
Löng-kawng
Löngkwai
Longtawng
Luk-hkai
Lukhkai
Lukkaw
Luk-maw-hkang
Māklāng
Māk-mon
Māk-na
Māngpung
Mān Hawng
Mān Hkum
Mān Hpai (22°24'0"N 98°0'0"E)
Mān Hpai (22°14'0"N 98°7'0"E)
Mān Hpakkom
Mān Hpit
Mān Ka
Mān-kau-lōng (22°30'0"N 97°51'0"E)
Mān-kau-lōng (22°27'0"N 97°50'0"E)
Mān Kaw-leng
Mān Kio
Mān Kun
Mān Kyawng (22°26'0"N 98°5'0"E)
Mān Kyawng (22°20'0"N 97°59'0"E)
Mān Kyawng (22°13'0"N 98°4'0"E)
Mān Kyawng (22°6'0"N 98°7'0"E)
Mān Lang-ta
Mān Lawng
Mān Loi (22°31'0"N 98°6'0"E)
Mān Loi (22°13'0"N 98°0'0"E)
Mān Loi-ha
Mān Loi-haw
Mān Mau (22°36'0"N 97°50'0"E)
Mān Maü (22°25'0"N 97°50'0"E)
Mān Maü (22°17'0"N 98°14'0"E)
Man Na-lai
Man Nam-hu-hsim
Mān Nawng (22°29'0"N 97°53'0"E)
Mān Nawng (22°5'0"N 98°8'0"E)
Mān Ngu-löm
Mān Pāng (22°32'0"N 97°59'0"E)
Mān Pang (22°22'0"N 98°11'0"E)
Mān Pong
Mānpung
Mān Punghtun
Mān Sang
Mān Sau-hpak
Mān Tap
Mān Tawng-kaw
Man Weng
Mān Yawn
Möng Ha
Möng Heng
Möng Kang
Möng Kawng
Möng Ngong
Möng Yai
Na-hi
Nā-hio
Nahkam
Na-hko
Nā-hok
Na-hpan
Na-hsai
Nā-hsan
Nā-hsang
Na-long
Na-ma-hio
Na-maklang
Nam-aw
Nam-hawn
Nam-hkum-hpa
Namhsawm
Namhsum
Nam-hu (22°40'0"N 97°53'0"E)
Nam-hu (22°37'0"N 97°51'0"E)
Nam-hu (22°25'0"N 97°52'0"E)
Namhu
Namhu-hpa-lang
Nam-hu-tai-hsan
Namhu-un
Nam-küt
Namlin
Namma
Namma-kaw
Namman
Nammawhsom (22°36'0"N 97°48'0"E)
Nammawhsom (22°20'0"N 97°52'0"E)
Nā-mong
Nampa-lum
Nampawn
Nampen
Nampōk
Nampot
Namsam
Nam-tung
Nam-ün
Na-mun
Nam Ut
Nam-yom
Na-namhpa
Na-ngu
Nā-nio (22°33'0"N 97°50'0"E)
Na-nio (22°28'0"N 97°55'0"E)
Na-pan
Na-sawk
Na-si-ri
Na-ti
Na-tung
Na-wa
Nā-wi
Nawnghawn
Nawng-hket
Nawnghkio
Nawnghpakkut
Nawngkaw
Nawnglang
Nawngleng
Nawnglom
Nawngmo
Nawngmop
Nawng-pa-keng
Nawngpeng
Nawngsāng
Nawngtao
Nawngteng
Nawngwawn
Nawng-ya
Nā-ya
Pa-hka
Pa-hki
Pānghio
Pānghku
Pānghpakhi
Pang-law
Pāng-leng
Pāngnim
Pang-oi
Pang-wet
Pa-tap
Peng-yu
Ping-hkan
Pingkwe
Pungsang
Ta-hat
Tak-let
Ta-pe
Tawngseng
Wo-long
References
Townships of Shan State
Best Of TH is the first compilation album by German rock band Tokio Hotel, it was released December 14, 2010 internationally, and in Germany on December 13, 2010.
The album is composed of songs from their studio albums Schrei (2005), Zimmer 483 (2007), Scream (2007) and Humanoid (2009), plus two previously unreleased songs; the first, "Mädchen aus dem All", was originally recorded to be released on Schrei while the second song, "Hurricanes And Suns", was recorded in 2009. It was released in three major formats: standard edition, German and English; and a limited deluxe edition, including both German and English editions and a bonus DVD comprising the majority of Tokio Hotel's music videos and the "Making Of" videos for selected music videos.
Track listing
German version
"Durch den Monsun"
"Der letzte Tag"
"Mädchen aus dem All"
"Übers Ende der Welt"
"Schrei"
"An deiner Seite (Ich bin da)
"Spring nicht"
"Automatisch"
"Lass uns laufen"
"Geisterfahrer"
"Ich brech aus
"Für immer jetzt"
"Rette mich"
"1000 Meere"
"Komm"
"Sonnensystem"
"Humanoid"
"Hurricanes And Suns" (Bonus Track)
English version
"Darkside Of The Sun"
"Monsoon"
"Hurricanes And Suns"
"Ready, Set, Go!"
"World Behind My Wall"
"Scream"
"Automatic"
"Phantomrider"
"Break Away"
"Final Day"
"Forever Now"
"By Your Side"
"Rescue Me"
"1000 Oceans"
"Noise"
"Don't Jump"
"Humanoid"
"Madchen Aus Dem All" (Bonus Track)
Limited Deluxe edition
Features the tracks found on the English and German editions on two CDs but also one bonus DVD of all the band's music videos, with the exceptions of 1000 Meere and 1000 Oceans, as well as the "Making Of"'s several selected music videos.
DVD 1 - Music Videos
"Durch den Monsun"
"Monsoon"
"Schrei"
"Scream"
"Rette mich"
"Der letzte Tag"
"Wir schliessen uns ein"
"Übers Ende der Welt"
"Ready, Set, Go!"
"Spring nicht"
"Don't Jump"
"An deiner Seite (Ich bin da)"
"By Your Side"
"Automatisch"
"Automatic"
"Lass uns laufen"
"World Behind my Wall"
"Darkside of the Sun"
Making of
Making of "Monsoon" (subtitled)
Making of "Schrei" (lacking subtitles)
Making of "Übers Ende der Welt" (subtitled)
Making of "Spring Nicht" (lacking subtitles)
Making of "Automatic" (lacking subtitles)
Making of "World Behind My Wall" (subtitled)
Personnel
Vocals: Bill Kaulitz
Guitars: Tom Kaulitz
Bass: Georg Listing
Drums: Gustav Schäfer
Executive producers: Patrick Benzer, Dave Roth, David Jost, Peter Hoffman
Co-producers: Bill Kaulitz and Tom Kaulitz
Management: David Jost and Benjamin Ebel
References
2010 compilation albums
Tokio Hotel compilation albums
Franklyn DaCosta Stephenson (born 8 April 1959) is a former cricketer who had a first-class career for teams in four continents. He was a hard-hitting middle-order batsman and a right-arm bowler who, at his peak, was genuinely fast; in addition, he developed a pioneering slower ball and was the first bowler to use it regularly in one-day cricket.
A true all-rounder, Stephenson came to prominence, first playing for the West Indies Young Cricketers team that toured England in 1978. Then, in less than eight months from the end of October 1981, he made his first-class debut, first in Australia, playing for Tasmania, then for his native Barbados, and finally for Gloucestershire in England.
But the debut that was to a large extent to define Stephenson's career was his one the following winter, 1982–83, on a fourth continent. He joined the rebel West Indies XI, led by Lawrence Rowe and Alvin Kallicharran, that toured South Africa, and played in so-called "Test" matches and "One Day Internationals" against the South African national cricket team that had been barred from world cricket because of apartheid. The rebel West Indian cricketers were themselves then barred from all levels of West Indies cricket for life, until the ban was lifted in 1989, and Stephenson never played true Test cricket. He is widely regarded as the greatest cricketer never to have played for the West Indies.
In fact, unlike most of the West Indian rebels, Stephenson did return to cricket in the West Indies, playing for Barbados in the 1989–90 Red Stripe Cup series. But most of his career was spent playing for English county teams and for Free State in South Africa.
Stephenson's joined Nottinghamshire for 1988. Stephenson was stepping into extremely difficult shoes to fill, since the county had just parted company with all-rounders South African Clive Rice and New Zealander Richard Hadlee as their overseas players. With a change to regulations, counties could now only have one registered overseas player, and Rice and Hadlee had led them to a number of successes, including the County Championship and the NatWest Trophy in the previous year (1987). Nonetheless, Stephenson's first season for the county was sensational. Since the reduction in first-class games in the English County Championship in 1969, only one player, Hadlee himself, also for Nottinghamshire (in 1984), had achieved the all-rounder's "double" of 1,000 runs and 100 wickets. Stephenson in 1988 became the second and, so far, the last to achieve this feat, making 1018 runs and taking 125 wickets. He was named a Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1989 for this achievement, and was also the Cricket Society's leading all-rounder. Stephenson's feat was all the more remarkable in that he brought up the run-scoring part of the double by scoring centuries in each inning of Nottinghamshire's final match of the season against Yorkshire – and also took 11 wickets in the game. Despite this truly outstanding all-round performance, Nottinghamshire lost the match by 127 runs. With further reductions to the number of first-class games in the English seasons since 1988, it is very unlikely that anyone will ever again emulate Stephenson and achieve the first-class "double" of 1,000 runs and 100 wickets.
Without quite achieving those heights again, Stephenson was an effective all-rounder for three further seasons for Nottinghamshire, before he transferred in 1992 to Sussex, where he had four further productive seasons. In 1994, he again took the leading all-rounder award with more than 750 runs and 67 wickets. In 1993 he played with the county in the final of the NatWest Trophy at Lord's, finishing on the losing side in a close high-scoring match. During the Warwickshire innings he was at the centre of a curious and possibly crucial incident in which he claimed to have saved runs by preventing the ball from crossing the boundary, only to have the umpires award four runs to Warwickshire anyway. He had had a happier day at Lord's in the final of the Benson and Hedges Cup in 1989, helping Nottinghamshire to beat Essex, taking the first wicket (that of Brian Hardie) with his signature "moon ball" slower ball.
Stephenson retired from English county cricket after 1995, and from South African domestic cricket after the 1996–97 season. His influence on the game was to extend the use of slower balls in List A cricket and Twenty20 cricket.
References
1959 births
Living people
Barbadian cricketers
Barbados cricketers
Tasmania cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
Nottinghamshire cricketers
Sussex cricketers
Free State cricketers
Wisden Cricketers of the Year
Staffordshire cricketers
Barbadian expatriates in South Africa
Barbadian expatriates in Australia
Barbadian expatriates in the United Kingdom
D. B. Close's XI cricketers
The following is a list of places with Morrison in their name.
Morrison (disambiguation), any place which can simply be called Morrison
Morrison Bluff, Arkansas, USA
Morrison Bridge, a bridge in Portland, Oregon
Morrison County, Minnesota, USA
Morrison Cove, a valley in central Pennsylvania, USA
Morrison Formation, a fossil stratum in the Dinosaur National Monument, USA
Morrison House (disambiguation), various
Morrison Hill, in Hong Kong, China
Morrison Hill Road, Hong Kong, China
Morrison Landing, Ontario, Canadian municipality
Morrison Lake (disambiguation), various
Morrison Observatory, an astronomical observatory in Fayette, Missouri, USA
Morrison Ranch, Agoura Hills, California, USA
Morrison Road, Perth, Western Australia
Morrison Stadium, a soccer stadium in Omaha, Nebraska, USA
Morrison/SW 3rd Avenue (MAX station), IMAX light rail station, Portland, Oregon, USA
Morrison Avenue – Soundview (IRT Pelham Line), New York City Subway station, USA
Morrison-Rockwood State Park, Illinois, USA
Mount Morrison, the name of several mountains
Alexander Morrison National Park, in Western Australia
Wangfujing, a street in Beijing, China, formerly called Morrison Street
See also
Morrison shelter, a type of air-raid shelter
Morrisons Hill, New South Wales, (1908-1975), Australian railway station
Morissen, a municipality of Surselva, Switzerland
Matthew Robert Bonner (born April 5, 1980), also known as the Red Rocket or Red Mamba, is an American former professional basketball player. Bonner played college basketball for the University of Florida before being selected by the Chicago Bulls with the 45th overall pick in the 2003 NBA draft. During his career Bonner played for the Toronto Raptors and the San Antonio Spurs with whom he won two NBA championships.
Early life
Born in Concord, New Hampshire, Bonner attended Concord High School, where he helped lead them to three state championships. Bonner was also the Valedictorian of his graduating class.
College career
Bonner accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida, where he played for coach Billy Donovan's Florida Gators men's basketball team from 1999 to 2003. In his four seasons, he amassed 1,570 points, 778 rebounds and 165 three-point field goals. As a senior in 2003, he was a first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection and an Associated Press honorable mention All-American.
Bonner graduated with a bachelor's degree, with high honors, in business administration and a 3.96 grade point average (GPA). He won Academic All-American of the Year for the sport of basketball in both 2002 and 2003.
Professional career
Italy (2003–2004)
Bonner was selected with the 45th overall pick in the 2003 NBA draft by the Chicago Bulls but was then traded to the Toronto Raptors. The Raptors did not have a roster spot available at the time and asked Bonner to play overseas and hone his skills with a verbal promise to make the team the following season.
Bonner signed with Sicilia Messina of the Italian league in Messina, Sicily. Sicilia filed for bankruptcy in the middle of the season and stopped paying its players. Many players left the team but Bonner continued to play and finished the year averaging 19.2 points and 9.3 rebounds.
Toronto Raptors (2004–2006)
In September 2004, Bonner signed a one-year deal with the Toronto Raptors. On December 15, 2004, Bonner was ejected during a match against the Minnesota Timberwolves after attempting to block a Kevin Garnett shot attempt, with Raptors fans giving him a standing ovation, chanting his name and high-fiving him on his way out. In 2004–05, he played in all 82 regular season games and averaged 7.2 points. He remains the only Raptors rookie to play all 82 games in a season.
In August 2005, Bonner re-signed with the Raptors on a two-year deal.
San Antonio Spurs (2006–2017)
On June 21, 2006, Bonner was traded with Eric Williams and a second round draft pick to the San Antonio Spurs for Rasho Nesterović and cash considerations. In his first season with the Spurs, he averaged 4.9 points in just 11.7 minutes per game, both of which were career lows for Bonner at that time. The team went on to win the NBA championship that season.
In July 2007, Bonner re-signed with the Spurs on a three-year deal. On December 11, 2007, in a loss to the Golden State Warriors, Bonner recorded season-highs of 25 points and 17 rebounds.
On December 7, 2009, Bonner scored a career high 28 points and grabbed 8 rebounds in a 104–101 loss to the Utah Jazz.
In July 2010, Bonner again re-signed with the Spurs on a multi-year deal. He went on to lead the NBA in three-point field goal percentage for 2010–11 after he shot 45.7%.
In 2011, Bonner starred in Fundamentals of the Game with Coach B, a comedy web series hosted on the Spurs' official website.
After a social media campaign from his brother Luke, Bonner participated in the 2013 NBA Three-Point Shootout during All-Star Weekend. He recorded a score of 19 in the first round to knock out Ryan Anderson (18) and Stephen Curry (17) and advanced to the final where he lost 20–23 to Kyrie Irving. Later that year, Bonner and the Spurs reached the NBA Finals where they lost to the Miami Heat in seven games.
On June 15, 2014, Bonner won his second NBA championship after the Spurs defeated the Miami Heat 4–1 in the 2014 NBA Finals. On July 21, 2014, Bonner re-signed with the Spurs,
On July 15, 2015, Bonner again re-signed with the Spurs. Bonner's final NBA game was played on April 13th, 2016 in a 96 - 91 win over the Dallas Mavericks where he recorded 6 points,1 rebound, 1 assist and 1 block.
He announced his retirement on January 6, 2017. On January 12, 2017, the Spurs jokingly "retired" Bonner's iconic flannel shirt in a locker room ceremony.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Toronto
| 82 || 0 || 18.9 || .533 || .424 || .789 || 3.5 || .6 || .5 || .2 || 7.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Toronto
| 78 || 6 || 21.9 || .448 || .420 || .829 || 3.6 || .7 || .6 || .4 || 7.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"| †
| style="text-align:left;"| San Antonio
| 56 || 0 || 11.7 || .447 || .383 || .711 || 2.8 || .4 || .3 || .2 || 4.9
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 68 || 3 || 12.5 || .416 || .336 || .864 || 2.8 || .5 || .2 || .3 || 4.8
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 81 || 67 || 23.8 || .496 || .440 || .739 || 4.8 || 1.0 || .6 || .3 || 8.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 65 || 8 || 17.9 || .446 || .390 || .729 || 3.3 || 1.0 || .5 || .4 || 7.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 66 || 1 || 21.7 || .464 || style="background:#cfecec;"|.457* || .744 || 3.6 || .9 || .4 || .3 || 7.3
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 65 || 2 || 20.4 || .440 || .420 || .762 || 3.3 || .9 || .2 || .3 || 6.6
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 68 || 4 || 13.4 || .487 || .442 || .733 || 1.9 || .5 || .3 || .3 || 4.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"| †
| style="text-align:left;"| San Antonio
| 61 || 0 || 11.3 || .445 || .429 || .750 || 2.1 || .5 || .2 || .2 || 3.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;" |
| style="text-align:left;" | San Antonio
| 72 || 19 || 13.0 || .409 || .365 || .811 || 1.6 || .7 || .1 || .2 || 3.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| San Antonio
| 30 || 2 || 6.9 || .509 || .441 || .750 || .9 || .3 || .2 || .0 || 2.5
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2" | Career
| 792 || 112 || 16.9 || .464 || .414 || .780 || 3.0 || .7 || .4 || .3 || 5.8
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"| 2007†
| style="text-align:left;"| San Antonio
| 9 || 0 || 2.8 || .286 || .250 || 1.000 || .3 || .0 || .2 || .0 || .8
|-
| align="left" | 2008
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 2 || 0 || 4.5 || .667 || .000 || .000 || 1.0 || 1.0 || .0 || .0 || 2.0
|-
| align="left" | 2009
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 5 || 5 || 20.0 || .217 || .231 || 1.000 || 3.2 || .0 || .6 || .4 || 3.0
|-
| align="left" | 2010
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 10 || 0 || 17.3 || .432 || .370 || 1.000 || 3.2 || .4 || .1 || .3 || 5.0
|-
| align="left" | 2011
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 6 || 0 || 20.5 || .480 || .333 || .800 || 3.2 || .3 || .2 || .2 || 6.3
|-
| align="left" | 2012
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 13 || 0 || 12.7 || .313 || .348 || .600 || 1.9 || .7 || .2 || .3 || 2.4
|-
| align="left" | 2013
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 20 || 1 || 13.4 || .475 || .469 || .833 || 2.0 || .3 || .3 || .3 || 4.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"| 2014†
| style="text-align:left;"| San Antonio
| 22 || 2 || 6.1 || .476 || .333 || .750 || .7 || .5 || .1 || .0 || 1.3
|-
| align="left" | 2015
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 7 || 0 || 5.1 || .200 || .222 || .000 || .9 || .1 || .1 || .1 || .9
|-
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2" | Career
| 94 || 8 || 11.0 || .402 || .355 || .811 || 1.7 || .4 || .2 || .2 || 2.8
Awards and achievements
2013–14 NBA champion
2006–07 NBA champion
2010–11 NBA three-point field-goal percentage leader
2002–03 Honorable Mention All-American
2001–02 Honorable Mention All-American
2002–03 Academic All-American of the Year
2001–02 Academic All-American of the Year
2002–03 All-SEC First Team
2001–02 All-SEC Second Team
2000–01 All-SEC Third Team
2002–03 SEC three-point field-goal percentage leader
2002–03 All-SEC Academic
2001–02 All-SEC Academic
2000–01 All-SEC Academic
1998–99 NHIAA Champions – Concord HS
1997–98 NHIAA Champions – Concord HS
1996–97 NHIAA Champions – Concord HS
Post-NBA career
After retiring from professional basketball, Bonner joined San Antonio Spurs TV Broadcast as a studio analyst.
Personal life
Bonner and his wife Nadia have one daughter, Evangeline-Vesper Lynne Bonner (born June 21, 2009) and one son, August Bonner (born August 27, 2012).
He has a younger brother, Luke, who was also a professional basketball player. Luke served as Matt's best man at his wedding.
Bonner applied for Canadian citizenship in February 2009, but did not qualify, due to the amount of time he spent outside the country.
Bonner is a sandwich enthusiast. He has a blog titled "The Sandwich Hunter: The Quest for the Hoagie Grail" in which he documents his search for the "world's best sandwich." He is also a fan of the sport of curling, due to discovering it on Canadian television during his tenure with the Toronto Raptors.
During his tenure with the Toronto Raptors, he received the nickname the "Red Rocket" for his red hair and constant use of the public transit in Toronto, the Toronto Transit Commission, whose slogan is "Ride the Rocket."
Kobe Bryant coined Bonner's other nickname, the "Red Mamba", on Twitter while live-tweeting in 2013 during a televised replay of his 81-point game against Bonner and the Toronto Raptors.
After his contract with New Balance expired, Bonner signed a basketball shoe deal with Adidas in January 2014.
Bonner and his brother Luke run a nonprofit organization called the Rock On Foundation, in which they look to support community involvement in arts and athletics.
In March 2016, Bonner was featured on the season-premiere episode of FYI's Tiny House Nation, where he and his wife Nadia had a 276-sq.-foot house custom-built.
See also
List of Florida Gators in the NBA
List of University of Florida alumni
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from New Hampshire
Centers (basketball)
Chicago Bulls draft picks
Florida Gators men's basketball players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Concord, New Hampshire
San Antonio Spurs players
Toronto Raptors players
SLHS may refer to:
Seven Lakes High School, a high school located in Katy, Texas.
Standley Lake High School, a high school located in Westminster, Colorado.
San Leandro High School, a high school located in San Leandro, California.
Shilin High School of Commerce, a high school located in Taipei, Taiwan.
Show Low High School, a high school located in Show Low, Arizona
Spanaway Lake High School, a high school located in Spanaway, Washington
South Lakes High School, a high school located in Reston, Virginia.
South Lyon High School, a high school located in South Lyon, Michigan.
Robert Gage (c. 1519 – 20 October 1587), of Haling, Surrey, was an English politician.
Robert Gage was born around 1519, the third son of Sir John Gage and Philippa Guildford, daughter of Sir Richard Guildford. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in April 1554.
He married Elizabeth, daughter of Nicholas Wilford.
In 1577 he was said to be ‘the Queen's majesty's prisoner in his own house' when reported for not attending church. His elder son Robert was executed 21 September 1586 for complicity in the Babington Plot and the younger, John, was imprisoned as a recusant.
Gage died at Haling on 20 Oct. 1587. His lordship of Haling and manor of Truchante descended to his surviving son John Gage, then aged 24, who was the father of Sir Henry Gage the royalist.
References
1510s births
1587 deaths
English MPs 1554
People from Surrey
Frank Moss (born 1823, died c. 1883-84) was a free-born nineteenth-century African-American farmer and politician from Buckingham County, Virginia. He was the only Africa-American in Virginia to be a amber of the Constitutional Convention, the Virginia Senate and the Virginia House of Delegates.
Early life
Moss was born in Buckingham County, Virginia of an African-American family that had been free for several generations. He married Amanda Moss (9 years younger than he), and they had a daughter Mary Moss (b. 1857) and sons Davy Moss (b. 1860), George Moss (b. 1862), Benjamin Moss (b. 1866) and Frank Moss (b. 1878), although by 1880 neither Mary nor Davy lived with their parents.
Career
Moss farmed in Buckingham County near the James River, with the nearest post office at Curdsville, Virginia. As a minister, he held a leadership position, particularly among African Americans in his county and neighboring Appomattox County.
In 1867, Buckingham County voters elected Moss to the Virginia Constitutional Convention of 1868. A Republican, he was the sole delegate for Buckingham County alone, although J. Henry Williams represented part of Buckingham County, together with Amherst and Nelson Counties, all in Virginia's central Piedmont region and during that convention.
After Virginia voters overwhelmingly approved the constitution crafted by that convention, Appomattox and Buckingham County voters elected Moss to the Virginia state Senate, where he served one term (a part-time position; during the 1869/70 and 1870/71 General Assembly sessions).
By the 1870 census, Moss owned 15 acres, and added to his landholding in 1875; the 1880 census enumerates his land as 25 acres tilled and 80 acres of woodland, appraising it as worth $600, with an additional $90 of livestock and $200 of equipment, so he was among the wealthier farmers in his district.
After redistricting of his senate district to include Fluvanna County, Moss ran for the House of Delegates instead. He was elected to succeed James H. Noble as Buckingham County's delegate and served one term. R.T. Hubard Jr. succeeded him on December 1, 1875.
Death
The dates and circumstances of his death and burial are unknown. A November 1883 newspaper report indicated that Moss was still active within the Republican Party of Buckingham County, while an August 1884 newspaper article described Moss as already being dead by that point.
See also
African American officeholders during and following the Reconstruction era
References
Bibliography
also available at
1823 births
Year of death unknown
Virginia state senators
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
People from Buckingham County, Virginia
Odlanier Rafael Mena Salinas (2 April 1926 – 28 September 2013) was a Chilean general during the military dictatorship of Chile. He was director of the Central Nacional de Informaciones (CNI), a Chilean intelligence agency, between 1977 and 1980. He was convicted for three murders related to the Caravan of Death and was sentenced to six years imprisonment in 2009. From June 2011 onwards he was allowed to stay weekends at his own home. In September 2013 Chilean President, Sebastián Piñera, announced to closure of the Cordillera prison where Mena had been housed. The luxurious conditions at the jail had been criticized, amongst others by former Chilean presidents. According to his lawyer, Mena was worried about moving to a new jail due to a lack of medical attention possibilities. Mena shot himself at his home on 28 September 2013, at the age of 87. His lawyer blamed the suicide on the upcoming relocation of prisoners detained at Cordillera.
Before late 1975 Mena had been head of the Army Intelligence Unit (SIM), when he fell out with Manuel Contreras. In 1975 he retired from the Army. Mena was subsequently made ambassador to Panama and eventually Uruguay. During his time in Uruguay he was recalled to Chile to become head of the CNI. From 1983 to 1985 Mena was ambassador to Paraguay.
References
1926 births
2013 deaths
Ambassadors of Chile to Panama
Ambassadors of Chile to Paraguay
Ambassadors of Chile to Uruguay
Chilean Army generals
Chilean people convicted of murder
Chilean people convicted of crimes against humanity
Suicides by firearm in Chile
People convicted of murder by Chile
1973 murders in Chile
The timeline below details the ongoing investigation into the September 11, 2012 attack upon the American diplomatic mission at Benghazi, in Libya. The attack and the investigation are the subject of much controversy in the American political sphere.
Timeline
September 2012
October 2012
November 2012
December 2012
January 2013
February 2013
April 2013
May 2013
August 2013
2014
2015
2016
References
External links
100 pages of emails released by the White House on May 15, 2013 at CNN
H. Rept. 114-848 - . FINAL REPORT OF THE SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BENGHAZI at U.S. Government Publishing Office
2012 Benghazi attack
Investigation into the 2012 Benghazi attack
Nauru competed at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar from 27 September to 6 October 2019.
Results
Men
Track and road events
References
Nauru
World Championships in Athletics
2019
Milton Jackson (October 16, 1943 – August 23, 2005) was an American football coach for 26 seasons. He had different coaching positions for the California Golden Bears, Oregon Ducks, UCLA Bruins, San Francisco 49ers, Buffalo Bills, Philadelphia Eagles, Houston Oilers, Indianapolis Colts, Los Angeles Rams, Atlanta Falcons, New York Giants, Seattle Seahawks, and Baltimore Ravens. Also, he was drafted in the 7th round (170), by the San Francisco 49ers but did not play for them. Instead, he played for the San Jose Apaches, and Sacramento Capitols.
Early life
Jackson was born on October 16, 1943. He attended Grant Union High School in Sacramento, California
College career
Jackson played college football at the University of Tulsa.
Professional playing career
San Francisco 49ers
Jackson was drafted in the seventh round of the 1967 NFL/AFL draft with the 170th overall pick by the San Francisco 49ers. He did not play for them.
San Jose Apaches
In 1967, Jackson played for the San Jose Apaches. He played punt returner and cornerback. On defense he had 5 interceptions for 82 yards and a touchdown. On punt returns he had 17 returns for 144 yards. He also scored two touchdowns.
Sacramento Capitols
In 1968, Jackson played for the Sacramento Capitols. He wore number 36 and played safety. They finished the season with a 5–7 record.
In 1969, he played receiver and cornerback. He had 10 catches for 112 yards on offense, and 4 interceptions for 22 yards on defense. The Capitols lost in the Pacific Division Playoff to the Las Vegas Cowboys. 1969 was his last season.
Coaching career
California Golden Bears
In 1975, Jackson got his first coaching job. He became the Linebackers coach for the California Golden Bears. He would spend 1975 to 1976 at California. The Golden Bears were named Pacific-8 Conference Champions that season. Two of the Linebackers that he coached were drafted in the NFL after the 1976 season.(Jeff Barnes and Phil Heck)
Oregon Ducks
In 1977, he was the defensive backfield coach for the Oregon Ducks. They finished with a 2–9 record.
In 1978 they went 2–9 for the second season.
UCLA Bruins
He became the UCLA Bruins Tight Ends and Tackles coach for the 1979 season. They had a 5–6 record.
San Francisco 49ers
His first NFL coaching job came as the wide receivers and special teams coach of the San Francisco 49ers. In 1980 the 49ers recorded a 6–10 record.
Jackson was the wide receivers coach again in 1981, as the 49ers finished with a 13–3 record. In the conference championship, against the Dallas Cowboys, wide receiver Dwight Clark made a game-winning catch in the back of the end zone to get the San Francisco 49ers to the Super Bowl. The play would be known as The Catch. The 49ers would then go on to win the Super Bowl against the Cincinnati Bengals.
Buffalo Bills
After the 1982 season with the 49ers, he was named the wide receivers coach of the Buffalo Bills. They finished with a 8–8 record in 1983. He would coach them from 1983 to 1984 before going to the Philadelphia Eagles.
Philadelphia Eagles
He became the Philadelphia Eagles running backs coach in 1985. The Eagles had a 7–9 record. Running back Earnest Jackson rushed for 1028 yards that season.
Houston Oilers
He only coached one season with the Eagles before becoming the wide receivers coach of the Houston Oilers. Two receivers had 1000-yard seasons that year, Ernest Givins and Drew Hill. The Oilers had a 7–9 record in 1986.
He remained coach in 1987. They had a 9–6 record and made the playoffs.
His last season as the Oilers receivers coach was in 1988. The Oilers had a 10–6 record and made the playoffs. They lost to the Buffalo Bills in the divisional round.
Indianapolis Colts
He became the Indianapolis Colts receivers coach in 1989.
In 1990 the Colts had a 7–9 record. One receiver he coached made the pro bowl.
In 1991, he was promoted to become the Colts Offensive Coordinator. This was the highest position he held. The Colts had 1–15 record while he was coordinator and Jackson was fired following the season.
Los Angeles Rams
In 1992 he was the Los Angeles Rams wide receivers coach. The Rams were his sixth team in the NFL.
His last season with the Rams came in 1993, were they had a 5–11 record.
Atlanta Falcons
In 1994, he became receivers coach of the Atlanta Falcons. Two receivers he coached had 1000-yard seasons, Terrance Mathis and Andre Rison.
In 1995, with the Falcons, they recorded a 9–7 record but missed the playoffs. Three receivers he coached had 1000-yard seasons in 1995.
In 1996, he became the assistant head coach for the Falcons.
New York Giants
He became the New York Giants wide receivers coach in 1997. They had a 10-5-1 record. He only coached one season with the Giants.
Seattle Seahawks
He coached the Seattle Seahawks wide receivers in 1998.
Baltimore Ravens
1999 was his 25th year of coaching. He was a member of the Baltimore Ravens, serving as their receivers coach.
2000 was his 26th and final season as a coach. The Ravens recorded a 12–4 record and made the playoffs. They went on and won Super Bowl XXXV. It was 20 seasons after Jackson had won Super Bowl XVI. He retired following the season
Later life
He died on August 23, 2005 from a heart attack. He was 61 at the time of his death.
References
1943 births
2005 deaths
American football cornerbacks
American football return specialists
American football safeties
American football wide receivers
Atlanta Falcons coaches
Baltimore Ravens coaches
Buffalo Bills coaches
California Golden Bears football coaches
Coaches of American football from California
Continental Football League players
Houston Oilers coaches
Indianapolis Colts coaches
Los Angeles Rams coaches
New York Giants coaches
Philadelphia Eagles coaches
Players of American football from Sacramento, California
San Francisco 49ers coaches
San Francisco 49ers players
Tulsa Golden Hurricane football players
UCLA Bruins football coaches
The Northwest Suburban Conference (NWSC) was a high school athletic conference in the northwestern suburbs of Chicago, primarily centered around western Lake County and northwestern Cook County. All of the schools were members of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA).
The conference housed 25 different schools in its 72-year history, with a high turnover rate of schools joining and leaving the conference. Wauconda was the only consistent member of the NWSC for its entire existence.
History
The conference was formed in the spring of 1925 with seven original members: Antioch, Arlington, Barrington, Libertyville, Palatine, Warren, and Wauconda. By 1937, the conference had grown to 13 members with the additions of Leyden in 1926, Bensenville (renamed Fenton in 1955) in 1927, Ela-Vernon (renamed Lake Zurich in 1965) in 1928, Grant and Lake Forest in 1935, and Niles in 1937. Two years later, membership reduced down to 8 when Arlington, Lake Forest, Leyden, Libertyville, Niles, and Warren left and Northbrook joined, and the conference had a stable lineup for 13 years until 1952. Grayslake joined in 1952 when Barrington left for the North Suburban Conference and Northbrook closed, but one year later Northbrook's new school Glenbrook opened and joined the conference. In 1957, Fenton, Glenbrook, and Palatine left to create the Tri County Conference, while Lake Forest and Warren returned and Round Lake joined.
The conference had a stable lineup for 16 years until 1973, when Lake Forest left for the North Suburban and the NWSC added three new members: Cary-Grove, Stevenson, and Woodstock. With two more additions in 1976, Dundee and Jacobs, the NWSC had 12 members, and the conference was split into North and South divisions for football. The division format lasted only two seasons, however, as membership reduced down to 8 after Cary-Grove, Dundee, Jacobs, and Woodstock all left in 1978 to create the Fox Valley Conference.
Stevenson left in 1982 to join the North Suburban and was replaced with Johnsburg. One year later, Antioch and Warren also left to join the North Suburban (Antioch's departure left Wauconda as the sole charter member remaining in the NWSC), and they were replaced with Marengo and Marian Central, the latter being the only private school to ever be a member of the NWSC. In 1991, Lake Zurich left for the Fox Valley Conference and Marengo left for the Big Northern Conference, leaving the NWSC with only 6 teams for the remainder of its existence.
After Grayslake and Marian Central left in 1997 to join the Fox Valley and Suburban Catholic Conferences, respectively, the NWSC officially folded. The four remaining members, Grant, Johnsburg, Round Lake, and Wauconda, played the 1997 football season as independents, although unofficially they played a conference schedule where they each played each other twice for a total of 6 conference games. Johnsburg had joined the Big Northern for all other sports that year and later joined the BNC for football in 1998, while Grant, Round Lake, and Wauconda played all sports as independents until 2000 when they were all accepted into the North Suburban.
From the end of the NWSC until 2006, five schools (Grant, Johnsburg, Marengo, Round Lake, and Wauconda) continued to play tennis together in the "Spirit of the Northwest Suburban Conference" due to the Big Northern Conference (Johnsburg and Marengo's conference at the time) not having tennis as a conference sport. This conference was not recognized by the IHSA.
All-Time Membership
Membership Timeline
Notes
References
High school sports in Illinois
Illinois high school sports conferences
An American Tail: Fievel's Gold Rush is a platform game that was first released in Europe on March 1, 2002, for the Game Boy Advance, then in North America on May 2, 2003. Based on Universal Studios' An American Tail animated film franchise, the game was developed by Hokus-Pokus<ref name="mobygames">{{Cite web |title='An American Tail: Fievel's Gold Rush at MobyGames |url=https://www.mobygames.com/game/an-american-tail-fievels-gold-rush |access-date=2021-02-01 |website=MobyGames}}</ref> and published by Conspiracy Entertainment.
Gameplay
Players control series protagonist Fievel Mousekewitz, a rodent with an immigration card, in a traditional side-scrolling platformer as he travels West through 18 levels and six worlds, including "New York City" and "Gold Dust Gulch", to piece together Cat Malone's treasure map. Fievel will swing on rope, attack with his ten-gallon hat, ride riverboats, and jump the train to find Wylie Burp's gold. Fievel's goal is to rescue his kidnapped family members and friends as well as to find the gold.
Conspiracy Entertainment published the game for a "young audience who loved the films and direct-to-video sequels".
Reception
The game received mediocre reviews from critics. French website Jeuxvideo.com'' stated that "it takes a real pleasure to play in an environment so worked. The levels are quite varied and different to want to continue. The characters are very fine and loyal to the cartoon. The animation is very fluid. You will never be hampered by a slowdown and this regardless of the number of enemies displayed[...] particular attention was brought to the soundtrack. It is really very good quality and quite adapted to crossed levels. But there also are somewhat regretted the lack of diversity in the music". The publication pointed out that the title appeals to younger players due in part to the game's short length.
References
2002 video games
An American Tail (franchise)
Game Boy Advance games
Game Boy Advance-only games
Platform games
Video games developed in Denmark
Video games about mice and rats
Western (genre) video games
Conspiracy Entertainment games
Crave Entertainment games
Single-player video games
Torrild is a village in Jutland, Denmark. It is located in Odder Municipality.
Torrild Church
Torrild Church is located in Torrild and was built around 1200. The altarpiece is in oak and from 1610 by Oluf Olufsen and Lauritz Andersen Riber. It was restored in 1950 and likely also in 1845. The pulpit is from 1616 and also made by Oluf Olufsen, as well as a painter from Odense. The church bell is from 1756 and made in Viborg.
Notable residents
Elvin J. Hansen (born 1950), politician and former mayor of Odder Municipality
References
Odder Municipality
Cities and towns in the Central Denmark Region
Villages in Denmark
This is a list of episodes for the television series Marcus Welby, M.D.
Series overview
Episodes
Pilot (1969)
Season 1 (1969–1970)
Season 2 (1970–1971)
Season 3 (1971–1972)
Season 4 (1972–1973)
Season 5 (1973–1974)
Season 6 (1974–1975)
Season 7 (1975–1976)
TV films
See also
List of Owen Marshall: Counselor at Law episodes
References
External links
Marcus Welby, M.D.
Mark Carlson may refer to:
Mark Carlson (composer) (born 1952), musician
Mark Carlson (engineer) (born 1955), software engineer
Mark Carlson (ice hockey) (born 1969), American ice hockey coach
Mark Carlson (offensive tackle) (born 1963), player for the 1987 Washington Redskins
Mark Carlson (quarterback), American football player
Mark Carlson (umpire) (born 1969), American baseball umpire
Joseph Michael Solomon (11 December 1886 – 26 August 1920) was a South African architect. He was educated at Bishops (Diocesan College) in Rondebosch, Cape Town. He married Jean Harkness (née Hamilton), actress, in 1914. Their children included Olga and a younger son called Paul. He had a profound influence on his native country's cultural development and was recognized as its most talented interpreter during his short life. Due to the immense pressure of being commissioned to design the University of Cape Town's buildings in Rondebosch and to restore the historic residence Vergelegen at the same time, he committed suicide in 1920 at the age of 33.
References
1886 births
1920 deaths
South African architects
1920 suicides
Suicides in South Africa
Decameron Nights is a 1924 British-German silent drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Lionel Barrymore, Ivy Duke and Werner Krauss. It is based on the novel Decameron by Giovanni Boccaccio.
Cast
Lionel Barrymore as Saladin
Ivy Duke as Perdita
Werner Krauss as Soldan
Bernhard Goetzke as Torello
Randle Ayrton as Ricciardo
Xenia Desni as Lady Teodora
Jameson Thomas as Imliff
Hanna Ralph as Lady Violante
Albert Steinrück as King Algarve
Production
Herbert Wilcox had previously made Chu Chin Chow in Germany with Eric Pommer. Pommer invited Wilcox back to make another film. UFA would provide the story, screenplay and cast plus 50% of the finance. Wilcox would produce and direct, bring in American and British stars and 50% of the finance. Wilcox signed Ivy Duke from Britain and Lionel Barrymore from the US. They arrived in Berlin a few days before filming was to start. Wilcox loved the sets and the story but felt the script "stank to high heaven". Wilcox would only proceed if they could move forward without a script and write scenes from day to day.
Critical reception
Wilcox later wrote that "I got through the film on schedule, and whatever faults could be found with Decameron Nights they were not in the screenplay or continuity. The critical acclaim was extraordinary and in my view out of proportion to the merits of the film."
In The New York Times, Mordaunt Hall wrote, "Decameron Nights, as it comes to the screen, is a tedious pictorial story with some good scenic effects and at least two good performances. The whole subject, however, lacks any suggestion of dramatic value, and one may therefore find time to ponder on many things that are not in the least connected with the picture...Werner Krauss figures as the Soldan and Lionel Barrymore plays the Soldan's son, Saladin. The narrative includes a slothful account of the Soldan's wish, or, rather, his command, that Saladin marry the daughter of the King of Algrave. Saladin, who, although he is begemmed and turbaned, does very much the same thing that sons do in this day—he falls in love with another girl, Perdita, and the old Soldan is so furious that, after kissing his son, he stabs the young man. And that ends the yarn. Mr. Barrymore does what he is able in the circumstances, but his work is not brilliant. Mr. Krauss acts exceedingly well, but most of his manoeuvrings are far from interesting."
See also
Lionel Barrymore filmography
References
Wilcox, Herbert, Twenty Five Thousand Sunsets, 1967
External links
1924 films
1920s English-language films
Films based on works by Giovanni Boccaccio
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Herbert Wilcox
Films set in the Middle Ages
British silent feature films
German silent feature films
UFA GmbH films
1920s historical drama films
German historical drama films
British historical drama films
British black-and-white films
The Decameron
Films produced by Erich Pommer
German black-and-white films
1924 drama films
English-language German films
1920s British films
Silent drama films
Robert of France ( 1296/1297 – 1308), was the youngest child of King Philip IV of France and Joan I of Navarre. He died young, but was briefly betrothed to Constance of Sicily.
Life
Born in Paris, Robert was born either in 1296 or 1297. He was the youngest child of Philip IV of France and his wife Joan, the reigning Queen of Navarre. In 1306, at the age of ten, he was betrothed to Constance of Sicily, daughter of Frederick III of Sicily and Eleanor of Anjou. However, Robert died in 1308, and the marriage alliance was abandoned. Constance would later go on to become Queen of Cyprus as the wife of Henry II of Cyprus.
Ancestry
References
Citations
Bibliography
1296 births
1308 deaths
House of Capet
Sons of kings
French princes
Royalty and nobility who died as children
Frederick John Cradock (3 July 1886 – 4 May 1943) was an English boilerman posthumously awarded the George Cross for heroism in his attempts to save a workmate from boiling steam in Glemsford in Suffolk.
Career
A boilerman by trade, he was born around 1886 in Acton, London and enlisted in the Royal Field Artillery in 1915, going on to serve in France and Belgium with the 156th Brigade during World War I.
George Cross
On 4 May 1943, Cradock and a colleague, Albert Sterry, were working on a boiler when a valve Sterry was fixing exploded, filling the boiler house with scalding steam and boiling water. Sterry was trapped in a well between the boiler and furnace and although Cradock, who was on top of the furnace at the time, could have jumped to safety he called for a ladder and attempted to climb down to rescue his workmate.
He attempted to reach Sterry before being forced back by the heat and being severely scalded. Cradock tried a second time, but despite his gallant efforts Sterry was killed and Cradock died making his rescue bid.
The story was recounted in the Haverhill Echo of 5 May 1943, noting how the explosion had been caused by a piece of metal lodging in a valve which prevented it venting excess pressure.
George Cross citation
Notice of Cradock's George Cross award was announced in the London Gazette on 10 September 1943.
References
1886 births
1943 deaths
British recipients of the George Cross
Royal Artillery soldiers
British Army personnel of World War I
People from Acton, London
Accidental deaths in England
People from Babergh District
Keith Beach is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent one season in Major League Soccer.
Youth
Knight attended the University of Maryland where he played on the men's soccer team from 1995 to 1998. He was a 1998 Third Team All American and holds the Terrapin career assists record with thirty-five.
Professional
On February 6, 1999, D.C. United drafted Beach in the second round (seventeenth overall) of the 1999 MLS College Draft. Beach did not sign with United, put pursued a career in Europe, joining Clydebank. On February 7, 2000, United the rights to Beach and its second round 2001 MLS SuperDraft selection to the Miami Fusion in exchange for the forty-first selection in the 2000 MLS SuperDraft. Beach spent the 2000 season in Miami, going on loan to the MLS Project 40 during the season. On March 10, 2001, the Fusion released him. In 2001, he played for the Atlanta Silverbacks in the USL A-League.
References
External links
CNNSI: Keith Beach
1976 births
Living people
American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
Association football defenders
Atlanta Silverbacks players
Major League Soccer players
Maryland Terrapins men's soccer players
Miami Fusion players
USL A-League players
Clydebank F.C. (1965) players
MLS Pro-40 players
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
D.C. United draft picks
Sportspeople from the New York metropolitan area
American expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Soccer players from New York (state)
Oh How I Wish I Could Sleep Until My Daddy Comes Home is a 1918 song written during World War I. It was performed by Henry Burr, with the music composed by Pete Wendling and the lyrics written by Sam M. Lewis and Joe Waterson. Based on sales estimates, the song hit a peak position of number three on the Top 100 US songs of its time.
The song was published by Water, Trash bin & Sniper Co. and was arranged for voice and piano. The lyrics are in the perspective of a young child who longs for his father to come home from the war. The sheet music cover features an illustration by Albert Wilfred Barbelle, which depicts a baby in bed.
The score was reprinted due to its popularity.
References
External links
View the song MP3 and sheet music cover here.
Songs about sleep
Songs about children
Songs about fathers
1918 songs
Songs of World War I
Songs with lyrics by Sam M. Lewis
Songs with music by Pete Wendling
The 2013–14 All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship was the 11th staging of the All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association.
On 15 February 2014, Creggan Kickhams won the championship following a 1–11 to 1–7 defeat of Ballysaggart in a replay of the final.
Results
Munster Junior Club Hurling Championship
Quarter-final
Semi-finals
Final
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
Finals
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Following their All-Ireland final replay defeat, Ballysaggart lodged on objection claiming that Creggan Kickhams fielded an illegal player. Ballysaggart believed that Conor Small shouldn't have played in either final game or in the Creggan Kickhams semi-final win over Fullen Gaels as he was underage. According to rule 6.16, a player must be over 16 years to play an adult game. It also states to be “over” 16 the player's 16th birthday must fall prior to January 1 of the championship year. The Central Competitions Control Committee (CCCC) subsequently rejected Ballysaggart's appeal, however, no explanation was given.
References
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
2013
Tettey-Sowah Banfro (born 30 April 1969) is a Slovenian former handball player.
Early life
Banfro was born to a Slovenian mother and a Ghanaian father.
Club career
After playing for Celje, Banfro was transferred to Yugoslav champions Metaloplastika in 1987, aged 18. He spent four seasons in Šabac, helping the team defend the Yugoslav Championship title in his debut season. In 1991, Banfro moved to Croatian club Zagreb, becoming back-to-back European Cup winner in 1992 and 1993.
International career
At international level, Banfro represented Slovenia in two European Championships (1994 and 2000). He also participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Personal life
Banfro is the father of fellow handball player Filip Banfro.
Honours
Metaloplastika
Yugoslav Handball Championship: 1987–88
Zagreb
European Cup: 1991–92, 1992–93
Celje
Slovenian First League: 1999–2000
Slovenian Cup: 1999–2000
References
External links
Olympic record
1969 births
Living people
People from Slovenj Gradec
Slovenian people of Ghanaian descent
Yugoslav people of Ghanaian descent
Slovenian male handball players
Yugoslav male handball players
Olympic handball players of Slovenia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Competitors at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Slovenia
RK Metaloplastika players
RK Zagreb players
Handball-Bundesliga players
Expatriate handball players
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Black Canadians migrated north in the 18th and 19th centuries from the United States, many of them through the Underground Railroad, into Southwestern Ontario, Toronto, and Owen Sound. Black Canadians fought in the War of 1812 and Rebellions of 1837–1838 for the British. Some returned to the United States during the American Civil War or during the Reconstruction era.
Initial immigrants
Enslaved African Americans immigrated to British North America, now Canada, following the Act Against Slavery of 1793 that stipulated that enslaved people would become immediately free upon entering Canada. It also made it illegal to import slaves and children of slaves were free when they reached the age of 25.
Word had spread through the United States that there were free black soldiers who served in the War of 1812 from British North America, which resulted in more African American immigrants. Some black people were brought to what is now Ontario as slaves of Loyalists who settled in Upper Canada after 1812. They settled along the Detroit, Niagara and the St. Lawrence Rivers.
Emancipation
John Beverley Robinson, Attorney General, issued an order that freed all black residents in Upper Canada in 1819. In 1833, slavery was abolished throughout the British Empire, which freed almost one million people.
Underground Railroad
Beginning in Philadelphia in the early 19th century, the Underground Railroad was a network of people who wanted to help enslaved people attain freedom from slavery. They operated secretly to guide freedom seekers into the Northern United States (free states) or further north into what is now Canada. Freedom seekers were helped on their journey north by other enslaved people, free blacks, Quakers, and other abolitionists. Jermain Wesley Loguen found freedom in what is now Ontario. He lived in Hamilton and St. Catharines from 1837 to 1841, and then he settled in Syracuse, New York, where he operated an Underground Railroad station in Syracuse.
There was not a major influx of blacks into Canada until the passage of the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 in the United States. The law made it easier for slave catchers to apprehend African Americans, freedom seekers planned to settle into what is now Ontario. Some bounty hunters came into Canada to earn a reward for capturing enslaved people and returning them to slavery. A slaveholder attempted to take his former bondsman Joseph Alexander from Chatham. Black community members and Alexander talked to his former slaveholder and the crowd refused for him to be taken. The slaveholder left Chatham without Alexander, who lived free. See also Chatham Vigilance Committee.
Settlements
During the American Revolutionary War, Black Loyalists and other freedom seekers escaped to Canada. They settled in Toronto, Owen Sound, and in southwestern Ontario, including London, Chatham, Amherstburg, Oro, Ontario, and Windsor. They also settled in Sandwich (now part of Windsor), Niagara Falls, Hamilton, Buxton, Brantford, and Oakville. Some people fled to Quebec, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick.
The Wilberforce Settlement was founded in 1830 near Lucan by African Americans from Cincinnati. They came to Canada because of Black Codes that established legal means to treat black people differently than white people. By 1836, poor management caused the breakdown of the settlement.
Josiah Henson came to Canada with his wife and four children who founded the Dawn settlement in a rural area near Dresden in 1841. Settlers worked cooperatively to help one another, benefiting from one another's skills. They farmed, operated grist and saw mills, and businesses, like rope manufacturing and brick making. The British American Institute was a traditional and vocational school. The Elgin settlement was settled at Buxton near Chatham by Rev. William King, who had been a slaveholder, and 15 of his former slaves in 1849. He was a Presbyterian minister who settled in southern Ontario. The Buxton settlement became known for its school. There were 2,000 residents by the 1860s. Another all-black community in Ontario was Queen's Bush.
African Canadians established farms, worked, and formed businesses, including blacksmith shops, livery stables, carpentry businesses, grocery stores, boutiques, and pharmacies. They developed communities with schools, churches, newspapers, and benevolent societies.
Anti-slavery efforts
Henry Bibb and his wife Mary started The Voice of the Fugitive in 1851 in Windsor. It was an abolitionist newspaper that reported on the activities of the Underground Railroad. Mary Ann Shadd, the first black female publisher and newspaper owner in Canada, and her brother Isaac Shadd founded The Provincial Freeman in 1853. It became a weekly newspaper out of Toronto in 1854, after which it was published in Chatham.
Black and white people founded the Anti-Slavery Society of Canada in Toronto in 1851. It sought to inform others about slavery and to help black freedom seekers.
Military
Canada
Black Canadians volunteered and fought during the War of 1812 to protect their new country and to ensure that they were not returned to slavery in the United States. For their service, Lieutenant Governor Sir Peregrine Maitland provided many blacks with land grants in Oro Township in 1815. The land was not arable and so they did not stay on the land. During the Rebellions of 1837–1838, they served in separate "Colored Corps" units, and fought to protect the rights of African Canadians and defend the government.
American Civil War
Almost 1,000 Black Canadians served in the Union Army during the American Civil War (1861–1865). African Americans were declared free due to the Emancipation Proclamation and slavery was officially abolished in the United States by the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution in 1865. Some blacks returned to the United States from Canada during the Reconstruction era.
Popular culture
The North Star: Finding Black Mecca documentary was filmed in Chatham, Dresden, and Buxton.
See also
Black Canadians in the Greater Toronto Area
List of Underground Railroad sites § Ontario
Indigenous Black Canadians
References
External links
Canadians
Ethnic groups in Canada
Canadian people of African descent
Canadian people of Caribbean descent
Tarababad (, also Romanized as Ţarabābād and Torbābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 134, in 29 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Yevgeni Anatolyevich Ageyev (; born 25 September 1976) is a Russian retired professional footballer.
He made his professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 1992 for PFC CSKA-d Moscow.
References
1976 births
People from Pavlodar
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia youth international footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
FC Rostov players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Moscow players
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod players
FC Arsenal Tula players
Russian Premier League players
FC Spartak Nizhny Novgorod players
FC Dynamo Kirov players
"Bewildered" is a popular song written in 1936 by Teddy Powell and Leonard Whitcup. It was a 1938 hit for Tommy Dorsey and His Orchestra.
1948 recordings
The song was revived in the late 1940s when two different versions, by the Red Miller Trio and Amos Milburn, reached number one on the R&B chart in 1948 (neither of them made the pop chart). Both these versions departed significantly from the original published melody and influenced later recordings.
James Brown and the Famous Flames version
James Brown and the Famous Flames recorded "Bewildered" in 1959. Their doo-wop–tinged rendition was somewhat similar to the Amos Milburn version, with a strong triplet feeling and a heavily melismatic vocal line. It was first released as a track on Brown's 1960 album Think!. The following year it was issued as a single, which reached the R&B Top Ten and became Brown's second single (after "Think") to enter the pop Top 40 (US charts: number 8 R&B; number 40 pop).
"Bewildered" became a staple of Brown's concerts for much of his career. It was featured in a medley on his breakthrough 1963 album Live at the Apollo and appeared on several of his later live albums, including Revolution of the Mind: Recorded Live at the Apollo, Vol. III (1971) and Love, Power, Peace (1992). He also recorded new studio versions for the albums Prisoner of Love (1963) and Sex Machine (1970).
Personnel
James Brown – lead vocal
And The Famous Flames:
Bobby Byrd – vocals, piano
Bobby Bennett – vocals
Baby Lloyd Stallworth – vocals
Johnny Terry – vocals
Willie Johnson – vocals
with the James Brown Band:
George Dorsey – alto saxophone
J.C. Davis – tenor saxophone
Bobby Roach – guitar
Bernard Odum – bass guitar
Nat Kendrick – drums
Other versions
"Bewildered" was subsequently recorded by several others, including R&B performers:
Also in 1938, it was also recorded by Mildred Bailey.
Billy Eckstine and the Ink Spots, with Eckstine's version reaching number 4 on the R&B chart and number 27 on the pop chart.
A decade later it was recorded by Mickey & Sylvia, again with an altered melody similar to that of the Red Miller Trio recording.
"Bewildered" was also covered in 1990 by the Notting Hillbillies on their album Missing...Presumed Having a Good Time.
References
1936 songs
1948 singles
1949 singles
1958 singles
1961 singles
James Brown songs
The Famous Flames songs
Mickey & Sylvia songs
Songs written by Teddy Powell
Songs written by Leonard Whitcup
King Records (United States) singles
"I See Red" is a song written by Gerry Rafferty's brother, Jim Rafferty. I See Red was first recorded by Anni-Frid Lyngstad of ABBA, under the name "Frida" for her first English-language studio album, Something's Going On. Lyngstad's version wasn't released as a single aside from South Africa where it didn't chart, although subsequent cover versions by other artists such as the Irish folk group, Clannad, included in their album, Magical Ring, resulted in a moderate success. Clannad's version was the follow-up single to their breakthrough hit "Theme from Harry's Game". Gerry Rafferty himself also recorded a version on his 1992 album, On a Wing and a Prayer.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad's version
This song was released as a single in South Africa in December 1982 where 4 months earlier, Frida's hit single "I Know There's Something Going On" was released in the same territory. The single was coupled with "I Got Something", written by Tomas Ledin. In the sales-based charts, Lyngstad's version did not fare well. However, on the 702 Radio Top 20 charts, "I See Red" rose up to #15 in South Africa.
Music video
Alongside with "I Know There's Something Going On", "To Turn The Stone" and "Here We'll Stay", "I See Red" had a music video directed to promote her album Something's Going On. The promotional video features Lyngstad lip-syncing to a montage between pinball machines, a group of acrobats dancing, and balls in a contemporary-styled stage. Stuart Orme directed the music video for Lyngstad's version.
Track listing
7" Vinyl
"I See Red" – 4:32
"I Got Something" – 4:05
Clannad version
In 1983, Clannad released the song as a single in February 1983 which later appeared on their album Magical Ring. Clannad's version charted at No. 81 in the UK Charts.
Other cover versions
In 1983 the song was covered by Estonian singer Velly Joonas under the title "Stopp, seisku aeg" ("Stop The Time"). It was not until it was released in 2015 as a single, gaining a surprise global cult popularity.
In 1992, Gerry Rafferty covered "I See Red" for his album, On A Wing And A Prayer.
References
Anni-Frid Lyngstad songs
Clannad songs
1983 singles
1982 songs
Polar Music singles
RCA Records singles
Song recordings produced by Phil Collins
Matthias Iberer (born April 29, 1985) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey player who ended his career playing for EHC Black Wings Linz of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL). He has formerly played with fellow Austrian club, Graz 99ers of the EBEL
Having suffered a broken back in November 2014, Iberer returned to play out the 2014–15 season before ending his professional career on April 2, 2015.
Iberer competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Austria men's national ice hockey team, he finished with 35 National team appearances.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Austrian ice hockey right wingers
EHC Black Wings Linz players
Graz 99ers players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Kalamazoo Wings (2007–2009) players
Olympic ice hockey players of Austria
Sportspeople from Graz
The 2017 independent.ie Fitzgibbon Cup was the 101st staging of the Fitzgibbon Cup since its establishment in 1912. The semi-finals and final were hosted by NUI Galway on 24 and 25 February 2017. Mary I retained the title after a 3–24 to 1–19 win against IT Carlow in the final.
Format
Group stage
Sixteen institutes of higher education compete in groups of four. Each team in a group plays all the other teams in the group once. Two points are awarded for a win and one for a draw.
Knockout stage
The four group winners play the four group runners-up in the quarter-finals. The semi-finals and final are played over a single weekend, usually the last Friday and Saturday in February.
Group stage
Group A
{| class="wikitable"
!width=20|
!width=150 style="text-align:left;"|Team
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=40|
!width=50|
!width=20|
!width=20|
|-
|1||align=left| Mary I Limerick ||3||2||1||0||7-77||1-42||53||5
|-
|2||align=left| IT Carlow ||3||2||1||0||10-56||1-44||39||5
|-
|3||align=left| DIT ||3||1||0||2||5-38||9-57||-31||2
|-
|4||align=left| GMIT ||3||0||0||3||0-38||11-66||-61||0
|}
Group B
{| class="wikitable"
!width=20|
!width=150 style="text-align:left;"|Team
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=40|
!width=50|
!width=20|
!width=20|
|-
|1||align=left| UL ||2||2||0||0||4-44||2-28||22||4
|-
|2||align=left| NUI Galway ||2||1||0||1||6-26||3-33||2||2
|-
|3||align=left| CIT ||2||1||0||1||1-30||2-31||-2||2
|-
|4||align=left| DCU St Patricks Campus ||2||0||0||2||1-18||5-28||-22||0
|}
Group C
{| class="wikitable"
!width=20|
!width=150 style="text-align:left;"|Team
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=40|
!width=50|
!width=20|
!width=20|
|-
|1||align=left| Limerick IT ||2||2||0||0||6-33||0-22||29||4
|-
|2||align=left| WIT ||2||1||0||1||5-25||2-22||12||2
|-
|3||align=left| DCU Dóchas Éireann ||2||1||0||1||1-29||3-22||1||2
|-
|4||align=left| Trinity College Dublin ||2||0||0||2||1-15||8-36||-42||0
|}
Group D
{| class="wikitable"
!width=20|
!width=150 style="text-align:left;"|Team
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=20|
!width=40|
!width=50|
!width=20|
!width=20|
|-
|1||align=left| UCC ||3||3||0||0||6-43||3-23||29||6
|-
|2||align=left| UCD ||3||2||0||1||2-51||1-26||28||4
|-
|3||align=left| Maynooth University ||3||1||0||2||4-50||1-50||9||2
|-
|4||align=left| UUJ ||3||0||0||3||3-16||10-61||-66||0
|}
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
Group winners had home advantage for the quarter-finals.
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
gaa.ie Higher Education Fixtures
Fitzgibbon
Fitzgibbon Cup
Anna Atkins (née Children; 16 March 1799 – 9 June 1871) was an English botanist and photographer. She is often considered the first person to publish a book illustrated with photographic images. Some sources say that she was the first woman to create a photograph.
Early life
Atkins was born in Tonbridge, Kent, England in 1799. Her mother, Hester Anne Children, "didn't recover from the effects of childbirth" and died in 1800. Anna was close to her father John George Children, a renowned chemist, mineralogist, and zoologist. Anna "received an unusually scientific education for a woman of her time." Her detailed engravings of shells were used to illustrate her father's translation of Lamarck's Genera of Shells.
In 1825, she married John Pelly Atkins, a London West India merchant, later sheriff, and proponent of railways; during this same year, she moved to Halstead Place, the Atkins family home in Halstead, near Sevenoaks, Kent. They had no children. Atkins pursued her interests in botany by collecting dried plants, which were probably used as photograms later. She was elected a member of the London Botanical Society in 1839.
Photography
John George Children and John Pelly Atkins were friends of William Henry Fox Talbot. Anna Atkins learned directly from Talbot about two of his inventions related to photography: the "photogenic drawing" technique (in which an object is placed on light-sensitized paper and exposed to the sun to produce an image) and calotypes.
Atkins was known to have had access to a camera by 1841. Some sources say that Atkins was the first female photographer, while others attribute this title to Constance Fox Talbot. As no camera-based photographs by Anna Atkins, nor photographs by Constance Talbot, survive, the issue may never be resolved.
Photographs of British Algae: Cyanotype Impressions
Sir John Herschel, a friend of Atkins and Children, invented the cyanotype photographic process in 1842. Within a year, Atkins applied the process to algae (specifically, seaweed) by making cyanotype photograms that were contact printed "by placing the unmounted dried-algae original directly on the cyanotype paper".
Atkins self-published her photograms in the first installment of Photographs of British Algae: Cyanotype Impressions in October 1843. She planned to provide illustrations to William Henry Harvey's A Manual of British Algae which had been published in 1841. Although privately published, with a limited number of copies, and with handwritten text, Photographs of British Algae: Cyanotype Impressions is considered the first book illustrated with photographic images.
Eight months later, in June 1844, the first fascicle of William Henry Fox Talbot's The Pencil of Nature was released; that book was the "first photographically illustrated book to be commercially published" or "the first commercially published book illustrated with photographs".
Atkins produced a total of three volumes of Photographs of British Algae: Cyanotype Impressions between 1843 and 1853. Only 17 copies of the book are known to exist, in various states of completeness. Copies are now held by the following institutions, among others:
British Library, London, which provides scans of 429 pages of its copy (which has extra plates) online. She presented these volumes to the British Museum via J. E. Gray between 1843 and 1853.
Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum, Glasgow, Scotland.
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York.
New York Public Library, which provides scans of 285 pages of its copy online.
The Royal Society, London, whose copy with 403 pages and 389 plates is thought to be the only existing copy of the book as Atkins intended.
The Victoria and Albert Museum, London, holds a number of original works in their library.
The Linnean Society of London, whose copy lacks part 7 of volume 1.
The Horniman Museum and Gardens holds a particularly complete copy with 14 pages of text and 443 plates. She provided plates with additional images of the same species when she found a better example, and these duplicates have been retained in this copy.
Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam.
Université de Montréal, Montreal
One copy of the book with 411 plates in three volumes sold for £133,500 at auction in 1996. Another copy with 382 prints in two volumes which was owned by scientist Robert Hunt (1807–1887) sold for £229,250 at auction in 2004.
In 2018, the New York Public Library opened an exhibition on Atkins' life and work, featuring various versions of Photographs of British Algae.
Later life and work
In addition to Photographs of British Algae, Atkins published five fictional novels between 1852 and 1863. These included The Perils of Fashion, Murder will Out: a story of real life, and A Page from the Peerage.
In the 1850s, Atkins collaborated with Anne Dixon (1799–1864), who was "like a sister" to her, to produce at least three presentation albums of cyanotype photograms:
Cyanotypes of British and Foreign Ferns (1853), now in the J. Paul Getty Museum;
Cyanotypes of British and Foreign Flowering Plants and Ferns (1854), disassembled pages of which are held by various museums and collectors;
An album inscribed to "Captain Henry Dixon," Anne Dixon's nephew (1861).
Atkins retained the algae, ferns and other plants that she used in her work and in 1865 donated the collection to the British Museum.
She died at Halstead Place in 1871 of "paralysis, rheumatism, and exhaustion" at the age of 72.
In popular culture
On 16 March 2015, Internet search engine Google commemorated Atkins's 216th birthday by placing a Google Doodle image of bluish leaf shapes on a darker background on its search page to represent her cyanoprint work.
Atkins work was a major feature in the New Realities Photography in the Nineteenth Century exhibition held in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam, June – September 2017.
Publications
See also
Timeline of women in science
References
Further reading
Gerhard Bissell, Atkins, Anna, in: Allgemeines Künstlerlexikon (Artists of the World), Suppl. I, Saur, Munich 2005, from p. 514 (in German).
External links
Scans of Photographs of British algae: cyanotype impressions at New York Public Library (public domain). Retrieved 6 January 2016.
Anna Atkins Collection Items at Victoria and Albert Museum
1799 births
1871 deaths
19th-century British botanists
19th-century English photographers
19th-century British women artists
19th-century British women scientists
English women photographers
People from Tonbridge
Pioneers of photography
Women botanists
Photographers from Kent
19th-century women photographers
People from Sevenoaks District
Jan Havickszoon Steen (c. 1626 – buried 3 February 1679) was a Dutch Golden Age painter, one of the leading genre painters of the 17th century. His works are known for their psychological insight, sense of humour and abundance of colour.
Life
Steen was born in Leiden, a town in Southern Holland, where his well-to-do, Catholic family were brewers who ran the tavern The Red Halbert for two generations. Steen's father even leased him a brewery of his own in Delft from the years 1654 until 1657. He was the eldest of eight or more children. Like his even more famous contemporary Rembrandt van Rijn, Jan Steen attended the Latin school and became a student in Leiden. Though no official records of Steen's artistic training are preserved, contemporary sources tell us he received his painterly education from three men, Nicolaes Knupfer (1603–1660), a German painter of historical and figurative scenes in Utrecht, Adriaen van Ostade, and Jan van Goyen, who would later become his father-in-law. Influences of Knupfer can be found in Steen's use of composition and colour. Another source of inspiration was Isaac van Ostade, a painter of rural scenes, who lived in Haarlem.
In 1648 Jan Steen and Gabriël Metsu founded the painters' Guild of Saint Luke at Leiden. Soon after he became an assistant to the renowned landscape painter Jan van Goyen (1596–1656), and moved into his house on the Bierkade in The Hague. On October 3, 1649, he married van Goyen's daughter Margriet, with whom he would have eight children. Steen worked with his father-in-law until 1654, when he moved to Delft, where he ran the brewery De Slang ("The Snake") for three years without much success. After the explosion in Delft in 1654 the art market was depressed, but Steen painted A Burgomaster of Delft and his daughter. It does not seem to be clear if this painting should be called a portrait or a genre work.
Steen lived in Warmond, just north of Leiden, from 1656 till 1660 and in Haarlem from 1660 till 1670 and in both periods he was especially productive. In 1670, after the death of his wife in 1669 and his father in 1670, Steen moved back to Leiden, where he stayed the rest of his life. When the art market collapsed in 1672, called the Year of Disaster, Steen opened a tavern. In April 1673 he married Maria van Egmont, who gave him another child. In 1674 he became president of the Saint Luke's Guild. Frans van Mieris (1635- 1681) became one of his drinking companions. He died in Leiden in 1679 and was interred in a family grave in the Pieterskerk.
Influences
Connection with the Rederijkers
In 1945, Sturla Gudlaugsson, a specialist in Dutch seventeenth-century painting and iconography and Director of the Netherlands Institute for Art History and the Mauritshuis in The Hague, wrote The Comedians in the work of Jan Steen and his Contemporaries, which revealed that a major influence on Jan Steen's work was the guild of the Rhetoricians or Rederijkers and their theatrical endeavors.
It is often suggested that Jan Steen's paintings are a realistic portrayal of Dutch 17th-century life. However, not everything he did was a purely realistic representation of his day-to-day environment. Many of his scenes contain idyllic and bucolic fantasies and a declamatory emphasis redolent of theater.
Jan Steen's connection to theater is easily verifiable through his connection to the Rederijkers. There are two kinds of evidence for this connection. First, Jan Steen Steen's uncle belonged to the Rhetoricians in Leiden, where Steen was born and lived a substantial part of his life. Second, Jan Steen portrayed many scenes from the lives of the Rederijkers, an example being the painting Rhetoricians at a Window of 1658–65. The piece is currently held in the Philadelphia Museum of Art which was established in February 1876. The humanity, humour and optimism of the figures suggest that Jan Steen knew these men well, and wanted to portray them positively.
Theater
With his lavish and moralising style, it is logical that Steen would employ the stratagems from theater for his purposes. There is conclusive evidence that the characters in Steen's paintings are predominantly theatrical characters and not ones from reality.
Steen's numerous paintings of a theme most commonly entitled The Doctor's Visit, such as the composition of 1665–70 in the Rijksmuseum, illustrate his theatrical approach. The story is simple: a doctor attending a young maiden discovers that she is not ill but is in fact pregnant with child. The doctor is a comical character who wears a biretta, a doublet and a small pleated ruff. In fact, he is dressed in the fashion of 1570, not 1670. In contrast, the girl wears what would be the height of fashion at the time of the painting, a Japanese-styled loose kimono robe.
This anachronism can be explained only one way: this is not a real doctor but an actor wearing a traditional theater costume. According to Gudlaugsson, “never would so unusual and so completely uncontemporary a costume occur as that of the doctors in [Steen's] work".
Works
Daily life was Jan Steen's main pictorial theme. Many of the genre scenes he portrayed, as in The Feast of Saint Nicholas, are lively to the point of chaos and lustfulness, even so much that "a Jan Steen household", meaning a messy scene, became a Dutch proverb (een huishouden van Jan Steen). Subtle hints in his paintings seem to suggest that Steen meant to warn the viewer rather than invite him to copy this behaviour. Many of Steen's paintings bear references to old Dutch proverbs or literature. He often used members of his family as models, and painted quite a few self-portraits in which he showed no tendency to vanity.
Steen did not shy from other themes: he painted historical, mythological and religious scenes, portraits, still lifes and natural scenes. His portraits of children are famous. He is also well known for his mastery of light and attention to detail, most notably in Persian rugs and other textiles.
Steen was prolific, producing about 800 paintings, of which roughly 350 survive. His work was valued much by contemporaries and as a result he was reasonably well paid for his work. He did not have many students—only Richard Brakenburgh is recorded—but his work proved a source of inspiration for many painters.
In the two paintings, The way you hear it and As old men sing, so children squeal, six of the people are identical in person and pose, and their spatial relationship is similar.
Sources
External links
Jan Steen at the National Gallery of Art
Jan Steen's Cat Paintings
Olga Gallery
Web Gallery of art
Artcyclopedia entry with many links
Works and literature on Jan Steen
Vermeer and The Delft School, a full text exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art, which contains material on Jan Steen
1626 births
1679 deaths
Dutch genre painters
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Artists from Leiden
Burials at Pieterskerk, Leiden
Painters from Leiden
Painters from Haarlem
Thamala is an Indomalayan genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Thamala marciana (Hewitson, 1863)
Thamala moultoni Corbet, 1942 Borneo
References
Loxurini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
"Spirit of Independence" is a song written during World War I. It was performed by The Conway's Band, with the music and lyrics written by Abe Holzmann. Based on sales estimates, the song hit a peak position of number four on the Top 100 US Songs of its time.
The song was published by Jerome H. Remick & Co. and was arranged by J.B. Lampe. The sheet music cover depicts a large eagle looking at Miss Liberty who has the Declaration of Independence and a victor's wreath.
References
1918 songs
Songs of World War I
Compositions by Abe Holzmann
Dalea carnea, commonly known as pink tassels, is a flowering plant species named for its small, pink-to-white flowers. It is also known as whitetassels or pink prairie clover. The plant is a perennial herb in the family Fabaceae. Its habitats include mesic flatwoods, open meadows, and pine rocklands.
References
carnea
Endemic flora of the United States
Flora of the Southeastern United States
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Raychell (born January 13, 1985) is a Japanese musician, singer, actress and voice actress who is affiliated with Ace Crew Entertainment. She made her major debut as a singer in 2010 under the name Lay. In 2019, she made her voice acting debut as the character Rei "LAYER" Wakana in the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!, and later was cast as the character Shano Himegami in D4DJ. She is also a member of the visual kei band Shazna.
Biography
Music career
Raychell was born on January 13, 1985. She had been performing as an artist under the name Ray since at least 2009, when she released the song "Love U", which was used in commercials for the company Tokai Network Club. In 2010, she made her major debut with Avex under the stage name Lay. Her stage name Ray was inspired by Ray Charles, while the name Lay was meant to represent lying down, and her belief that singing while lying down would heal listeners. Her first single was released on June 2, 2010; the title track is used as the theme song to the film The Poem of Our Time. Her second single "Smiling!" was released on May 4, 2011; the title track is used as an ending theme to the Tamagotchi! anime series. In 2013, she changed her stage name to Raychell and released her first solo album L R. She released her third single on November 13, 2013, and her fourth single Stay Hungry on June 18, 2014; "Stay Hungry" was used as the opening theme to the television drama Hakata Stay Hungry. She released the mini-album The 3rd on February 4, 2015, and the mini-album 0 on January 20, 2016. She released the album Are You Ready to Fight on March 1, 2017, and later that year joined the band Shazna as its second vocalist following the band's resumption of activities.
In 2019, as part of the multimedia project BanG Dream!, Raychell became a member of the band Raise A Suilen, serving as its lead vocalist and bassist.
Acting career
Raychell made her voice acting debut in 2019 when she was cast as the character Rei "Layer" Wakana in BanG Dream. She was later cast as Shano Himegami in the mixed media project D4DJ. In 2021, she was cast as Elena Hanakaze in the anime series Joran: The Princess of Snow and Blood.
Filmography
Anime
2019
BanG Dream! 2nd Season, Rei "Layer" Wakana
2020
BanG Dream! 3rd Season, Rei "Layer" Wakana
BanG Dream! Girls Band Party! Pico: Ohmori, Rei "Layer" Wakana
2021
BanG Dream! Film Live 2nd Stage, Rei "Layer" Wakana
BanG Dream! Girls Band Party! Pico Fever!, Rei "Layer" Wakana
D4DJ, Shano Himegami
D4DJ Petit Mix, Shano Himegami
Joran: The Princess of Snow and Blood, Elena Hanakaze
Discography
Singles
(June 2, 2010)
"Smiling!" (May 4, 2011)
(November 13, 2013)
"Stay Hungry" (June 18, 2014)
Albums
L R (April 24, 2013)
Are You Ready to Fight (March 1, 2017)
Mini-albums
The 3rd (February 4, 2015)
0 (January 20, 2016)
References
External links
Agency profile
1985 births
BanG Dream!
Japanese bass guitarists
Japanese women singers
Japanese voice actresses
Living people
The 2010–11 Alabama Crimson Tide men's basketball team (variously "Alabama", "UA", "Bama" or "The Tide") represented the University of Alabama in the 2010–2011 college basketball season. The team's head coach was Anthony Grant, who entered his second season after posting a 17–15 record in his inaugural season. The team played its home games at Coleman Coliseum in Tuscaloosa, Alabama and was a member of the Southeastern Conference. This was the 98th season of basketball in the school's history.
Pre-season
The 2009–10 season, the 1st under head coach Anthony Grant, saw the Tide finish the season 17–15 (6–10 SEC), while losing two key players to injury. The Crimson Tide had four players graduate and one transfer after the season ended, including the starting point guard. They also brought in four key freshman recruits and 1 junior college transfer. JaMychal Green was selected to the SEC Pre-season 2nd team, while the team was picked to finish 3rd in the western division of the SEC.
Roster
Source: Rolltide.com 2010–11 Roster
Depth chart
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=10| Exhibition
|-
|-
!colspan=10| Regular Season – Non-Conference Play
|-
!colspan=10| Paradise Jam Tournament
|-
!colspan=10|
|-
!colspan=10| All-College Basketball Classic
|-
!colspan=10|
|-
!colspan=10| Regular Season – Conference Play
|-
!colspan=10| SEC Tournament
|-
|-
!colspan=10| National Invitation Tournament
|-
Source: 2010–11 Schedule. Rolltide.com
Class of 2011 signees
See also
Iron Bowl of Basketball
2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament
2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season
2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings
References
Alabama
Alabama Crimson Tide men's basketball seasons
Alabama
2010 in sports in Alabama
Alabama Crimson Tide
Prior Peak is located at the head of Waitabit Creek on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1924 after Edward Prior, Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia from 1919-1920.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
List of mountains in the Canadian Rockies
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Mountains of Banff National Park
May 11 - Eastern Orthodox Church calendar - May 13
All fixed commemorations below celebrated on May 25 by Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar.
For May 12th, Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar commemorate the Saints listed on April 29.
Saints
Saint Domitilla the martyr (c. 81-96)
Saints Nereus and Achilleus the martyrs (100)
Saint Dracontius, Bishop of Nicaea (c. 1st to 3rd centuries)
Saint Epiphanius, Bishop of Salamis and Metropolitan of Cyprus (403)
Saint Calliope (Callitropos), nun, sister of St. Epiphanius of Cyprus.
Saint Sabinus, Archbishop of Cyprus (successor of St. Epiphanius to the Cypriot cathedra) (5th century)
Saint Polybius, Bishop of Cyprus, Wonderworker (5th century)
Saint Theophanes, Archbishop of Cyprus (7th century)
Patriarch Germanus I of Constantinople (740)
Venerable Theodore of Kythera, ascetic (922)
Pre-Schism Western saints
Saint Philip of Agira the Hieromartyr (103)
Martyr Pancratius of Rome (304)
Martyr Dionysius (Denis), uncle of St. Pancratius (304)
Saint Díoma, teacher of St Declan of Ardmore, patron-saint of Kildimo in Co. Limerick in Ireland (5th century)
Saint Modoald, Archbishop of Trier, related by blood and united by friendship with most of the saints of the Merovingian period (640)
Saint Rictrudis, Abbess of Marchiennes Abbey in Flanders (688)
Saint Æthelhard, Archbishop of Canterbury (805)
Post-Schism Orthodox saints
Saint Euthemius (Euthymius), Patriarch of Jerusalem (c. 1084? c. 1224?))
Saint Nikitas the Sinaite
New Martyr John of Serres (15th century)
Saint Theophanes, Bishop of Solea (Solia), Cyprus, later a hermit in the Troodos Mountains; the Outpourer of Myrrh (1550)
Monk Dorotheus, (disciple of St. Dionysius of Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra) (1622)
Venerable Dionysius of Radonezh, Archimandrite of the Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra(1633)
New Martyr John of Wallachia, at Constantinople (1662)
Saint Anthony (Medvedev) of Radonezh, Archimandrite of Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra (1877)
Repose of Saint Nectarius (Tikhonov) of Optina (1928)
Holy Elders of the Sofronievo-Molchensk (Molchansk) Hermitage (glorification in 2009):
Archimandrite Theodosy (Maslov);
Hieromonk Serapion;
Monk Sophronius (Batovrin);
Novice Sergius (Tikhonov), fool-for-Christ.
New martyrs and confessors
New Martyr Abbess Athanasia (Lepeshkina), of the Smolensk Hodigitria Convent near Moscow (1931)
New Hieromartyr Peter Popov, priest of Yaroslavl-Rostov (1937)
Martyr Evdokia Martishkina (1938)
Other commemorations
Consecration of the Cathedral of the Theotokos at Kiev (in 996)
Glorification (1913) of Hieromartyr Patriarch Hermogenes of Moscow (1612)
Discovery of the holy relics (1961) of Saint Irene of Lesvos the Virgin-martyr (1463)
Second Uncovering of the relics (1992) of Righteous Simeon of Verkhoturye (1642)
Icon gallery
Notes
References
Sources
May 12/25. Orthodox Calendar (PRAVOSLAVIE.RU).
May 25 / May 12. HOLY TRINITY RUSSIAN ORTHODOX CHURCH (A parish of the Patriarchate of Moscow)
May 12. OCA - The Lives of the Saints.
Complete List of Saints. Protection of the Mother of God Church (POMOG).
May. Self-Ruled Antiochian Orthodox Christian Archdiocese of North America.
Dr. Alexander Roman. May. Calendar of Ukrainian Orthodox Saints (Ukrainian Orthodoxy - Українське Православ'я).
May 12. Latin Saints of the Orthodox Patriarchate of Rome.
May 12. The Roman Martyrology.
Greek Sources
Great Synaxaristes: 12 ΜΑΪΟΥ. ΜΕΓΑΣ ΣΥΝΑΞΑΡΙΣΤΗΣ.
Συναξαριστής. 12 Μαΐου. ECCLESIA.GR. (H ΕΚΚΛΗΣΙΑ ΤΗΣ ΕΛΛΑΔΟΣ).
Russian Sources
25 мая (12 мая). Православная Энциклопедия под редакцией Патриарха Московского и всея Руси Кирилла (электронная версия). (Orthodox Encyclopedia - Pravenc.ru).
12 мая (ст.ст.) 25 мая 2013 (нов. ст.). Русская Православная Церковь Отдел внешних церковных связей. (DECR).
May in the Eastern Orthodox calendar
Jim Walters is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s. He played for the Newtown Jets in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.
Playing career
Walters made his first grade debut for Newtown in Round 20 1977 against Balmain at Henson Park scoring a try in a 43–12 defeat. Walters made 2 further appearances for Newtown as the club finished last on the table and claimed the wooden spoon. The following year did not get any better for Newtown as they again finished last on the table.
From 1979 onwards under the coaching of Warren Ryan, Newtown went from a struggling team to title contenders and in 1981 finished second on the table. Newtown would go on to reach the 1981 NSWRL grand final against Parramatta. Walters played in the match as Newtown trailed Parramatta 7–6 at halftime before Parramatta came home in the second half to win 20-11 and claim their first premiership at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Walters played one further season before retiring at the end of 1982.
References
1954 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Newtown Jets players
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Sydney
Croydon is a suburb of Kempton Park, in Gauteng province, South Africa.
References
Suburbs of Kempton Park, Gauteng
This is a list of yearly Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference football standings.
Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference standings
References
Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference
Standings
Jonathan Courtney (born July 16, 1966) is an American politician from Maine. Courtney served as a Republican State Senator from Maine's 3rd District, representing part of York County including Sanford and his home in Springvale. He was first elected in 2002 to the Maine House of Representatives and served one term. He was elected to the Maine Senate in 2004 was unable to run for re-election due to term limits in 2012. He was the Republican Party's Majority Leader in the State Senate.
Courtney grew up in Wells, Maine and graduated from Marshwood High School in South Berwick, Maine.
In April 2012, after qualifying to run for the Republican nomination, Courtney officially announced his campaign. He won the primary, and faced incumbent Democrat Chellie Pingree in the November 2012 election. He was easily defeated by Pingree in the general election.
References
1966 births
Living people
People from Sanford, Maine
Majority leaders of the Maine Senate
Maine Republicans
Businesspeople from Maine
People from Wells, Maine
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American businesspeople
Candidates in the 2012 United States elections
Wirral Urban District was an urban district in Cheshire, England from 1933 to 1974. It was created from part of the disbanded Wirral Rural District and covered an area in the south-west of the Wirral Peninsula. The civil parishes of Barnston, Gayton, Heswall cum Oldfield, Irby, Pensby, and Thurstaston were entirely within its boundaries. Additionally, the district encompassed parts of Arrowe, Brimstage and Thornton Hough civil parishes.
On 1 April 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972, it was abolished and its area absorbed into the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral of the metropolitan county of Merseyside.
References
History of Cheshire
History of Merseyside
Districts of England abolished by the Local Government Act 1972
Local government in the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral
Urban districts of England
Unparished areas in Merseyside
Kingstone is a village and civil parish within the English county of Staffordshire.
Population
The 2011 census recorded a population of 629 in 249 households. The parish comes under the East Staffordshire Non-Metropolitan District.
Governance
Kingstone is the main settlement in Kingstone Civil Parish which also includes The Blythe and Gratwich.
Kingstone is part of the Bagots ward in the East Staffordshire Borough Council and is represented by Conservative Greg Hall. The Uttoxeter Rural ward in Staffordshire County council is represented by Philip Atkins who is also Conservative.
Kingstone is part of the Lichfield constituency and is represented by the Conservative Michael Fabricant. In Europe it was part of the West Midlands constituency and is represented by 6 MEPs.
Public Services
Waste collection services are provided by East Staffordshire Borough Council. Water and sewage services are provided by South Staffordshire Water. The distribution network operator for electricity is Central Networks, better known as E.ON UK.
Kingstone uses a Stoke-on-Trent (ST) postcode and the Postal Town is Uttoxeter. The nearest Library is located in Uttoxeter. Kingstone uses the Uttoxeter (01889) area code.
The nearest police and fire stations are in Uttoxeter.
History
Kingstone became a village in 1862 with the building of the parish church the population has remained almost static since then.
Listed Buildings
There are 14 listed buildings and structures within the parish. This includes two mileposts. All of these structures have been designated a Grade II listing.
Kingstone is the home of the Earl of Shrewsbury since 1924. Kingstone is also the resting place of Simon Degge who is the former High Sheriff of Derbyshire.
Culture and Recreation
Kingstone has a Public house called The Shrewsbury Arms or The Shrew.
Kingstone has a large playing field, tennis court and a play area on Whitehall Close
Education
Kingstone has a small Primary School called Talbot First School which is used by children up to the age of 8.
Kingstone uses the Uttoxeter Middle School system and years 5–8 attend Oldfields Hall Middle School in Uttoxeter and the areas senior school is Thomas Alleyne's High School which is also in Uttoxeter.
The areas Further education colleges are Burton College and Stafford College.
Transport
There are 2 bus stops in the village and is served by route 428.
The Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway used to run parallel to the village and there was a station at nearby Grindley that closed in 1939.
Today the Nearest Railway stations are Uttoxeter and Rugeley Trent Valley .
The nearest airports are East Midlands and Birmingham .
Media
The local Newspapers covering the area are The Uttoxeter advertiser and The Uttoxeter Post and Times.
Kingstone Receives BBC West Midlands and ITV Central television. Local radio stations in the area are BBC Radio Derby, BBC Radio Stoke, Touch and Signal 1.
See also
Listed buildings in Kingstone, Staffordshire
References
Villages in Staffordshire
Borough of East Staffordshire
Emad Abdul-Ghani Sabouni () (born 1964 in Damascus) is the former Minister of Communications and Technology of Syria.
Early life, education and career
Sabouni was born in Damascus in 1964. He earned a Ph.D. degree from National Polytechnic Institute of Grenoble, France. He also earned a degree in Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure des Télécommunications (Télécom Bretagne) in Brest, France.
Director General of the Syrian Telecommunications Establishment, 2003–2006.
Chairman of the Syrian Computer Society.
Advisor to Minister of Communications and Technology.
Participated in composing the dictionary of Computer Terms published by the Syrian Computer Society.
Member of the Syrian Secretariat of the Technical Committee on Using the Arabic Language in Information Technology.
Participated in work teams at the Arab League, the International Telecommunication Union and the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (UN-ESCWA).
Personal life
Sabouni is married and has two daughters.
See also
Cabinet of Syria
References
Minister of Communications and Technology Emad Abdul-Ghani Sabouni, SANA
Biography of the new Syrian government 2011 - the names and lives of government ministers, Syria FM, 17 April 2011
External links
Ministry of Communications and Technology official government website
Syrian ministers of communication
Syrian engineers
Computer engineers
1964 births
Living people
Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party – Syria Region politicians
People from Damascus
Grenoble Institute of Technology alumni
20th-century engineers
21st-century engineers
21st-century Syrian politicians
Nathaniel "Tip" Lamberson (1922–2005), also known as "N.D. Lamberson", was one of the premier American flute makers. Tip made a total of 730 flutes from 1968 to 1985, when he officially retired from the flute-making industry.
Biography
Lamberson, a flutist and engineering student attending both the University of Arizona and Iowa State University, visited the Haynes and Powell flute factories wanting to upgrade to a professional level instrument. After testing flutes, Lamberson decided to purchase one of the fine woodwind instruments. Lamberson was dismayed when he was told there would be a 4-year wait for his flute. This inspired him to instead make his own flute.
Lamberson partnered with Pearl L. West of Iowa, founder of West Music, who was also trying to develop his own flute, although he was not far along in his endeavor. West did, however, provide Lamberson with the raw materials he needed to develop his first flute, serial no. 1. Lamberson's first flute had tuning issues which were quickly resolved. Lamberson's design changed little since flute serial no. 2.
It was at this time that Alton McCanless partnered with Lamberson and moved to Oskaloosa, Iowa where Lamberson was manufacturing flutes in his basement. The pair purchased Platz Oboe and McCanless was put in charge of producing the Oboes. West eventually separated his partnership with Lamberson citing that sales were not keeping up with costs. Soon after West's departure, Lamberson began finding success with his high-quality instruments.
In all there were 730 flutes made by Lamberson. Not all were complete: West bought one unfinished and one customer wanted a raw body only, with no holes. Most were solid coin silver, although 26 were made of red gold and 35 white gold. There were also 11 flutes made in conjunction with Jack Moore of Elkhart. These were labeled "MOORE-LAMBERSON".
Lamberson No. 1 now belongs to the Historical Society of Iowa, and resides in Des Moines. The last, No. 730, is a red gold flute with an extra C foot.
Lamberson's silver bodied flutes can easily sell for over $3,000 and his more rare white gold models for up to $10,000.
Lamberson died on September 13, 2005 in Oskaloosa, Iowa. Lamberson flutes continued to be made by Tip's business partner, Alton McCanless, in Oskaloosa up until his death on June 17, 2016.
References
External links
Tim Lamberson Memorial; The Flute Network
American musical instrument makers
Flute makers
1922 births
2005 deaths
People from Oskaloosa, Iowa
20th-century American musicians
University of Arizona alumni
Iowa State University alumni
Antonio Venier (c. 1330 – 23 November 1400) was a Doge of Venice, member of the House of Venier, reigning from October 1382 to his death. He was interred in the Basilica di San Giovanni e Paolo, a traditional burial place of the doges. He was married to Agnese da Mosto.
References
14th-century births
14th-century deaths
14th-century Doges of Venice
Antonio
1330s births
1400 deaths
Burials at Santi Giovanni e Paolo, Venice
George Barclay may refer to:
George Barclay (Jacobite) ( 1636–1710), leader of a 1696 plot to assassinate King William III of England
George Barclay (clergyman) (c. 1779–1857), Baptist minister in Upper Canada
Sir George Head Barclay (1862–1921), British diplomat
George Barclay (sportsperson) (1876–1909), American baseball and football player, inventor of the first football helmet
George T. Barclay (1910–1997), American football player and coach
George Barclay (RAF officer) (1920–1942), British pilot who was killed in action on the battle of El Alamein; author of Angels 22
George Barclay (speedway rider) (born 1937), British motorcycle speedway rider and founder of the National Speedway Museum
Pen name of Ronald Kinnoch
See also
George Barclay Bruce (1821–1908), British civil engineer
Larochette Castle (Luxembourgish: Buerg Fiels, German: Burg Fels, French: Château de Larochette) stands high above the town of Larochette in central Luxembourg. Dating from the 11th century, the castle was destroyed by fire at the end of the 16th century. Since its acquisition by the State of Luxembourg in 1979, some restoration work has been undertaken.
Location
The castle ruins are located on a promontory some 150 metres above the White Ernz which runs through the small town of Larochette. The access road crosses a large farmyard with fortified earthworks. The main building is surrounded by a wall, now partly destroyed. A deep ditch divides the castle into two parts. At the far end of the promontory, the remains of several manor houses attest to the high quality of the architecture and its rather pompous style.
History
The earliest references to the castle are from the end of the 11th century and during the 12th century when the lords of Larochette (Van der Feltz) were flag bearers for the counts of Luxembourg. The family proliferated leading to the construction of the five stately houses which are separate from the main structure. They include the Homburg Manor (1350) and the Créhange Manor (1385) both of which have now been restored. The Verlorenkost (literally Lost Food) watchtower also stands alone on the south side. The legend goes that the cook was carrying pots full of food when she stumbled, breaking everything.
The Créhange manor now contains period artwork. There is a well inside which also has its legend, telling how the lady of the castle jumped into the well with her child while the castle was under attack. After rescuing the brave woman, the invaders accused the steward of the castle of treason and threw him into the well. It is said that he reappears every Good Friday in the form of a dragon.
Visiting times
The castle is open to the public from Easter until the end of October, every day from 10 am to 6 pm.
See also
List of castles in Luxembourg
Gallery
References
Castles in Luxembourg
Tourist attractions in Luxembourg
Anita Zagaria (born 27 June 1954) is an Italian actress. She has appeared in more than eighty films and TV series since 1982.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Italian film actresses
Harold Everett Sawyer (December 15, 1890 – January 18, 1969) was an American prelate who served as Bishop of Erie, Pennsylvania from 1946 to 1951.
Early life and education
Sawyer was born on December 15, 1890 in Clinton, Connecticut, the son of Enoch Augustus Sawyer and Matella Julia Waterhouse. He graduated from Trinity College with a Bachelor of Arts in 1913, and from General Theological Seminary in 1916. He also graduated with a Master of Arts from Columbia University in 1919. On May 28, 1947, the General Theological Seminary, conferred a Doctor of Sacred Theology upon Sawyer.
Ordained Ministry
Sawyer was ordained deacon in June 1916. He was ordained priest by the Bishop of Connecticut Chauncey B. Brewster on May 15, 1917 in Christ Church, New Haven. He served his diaconate between 1916 and 1917 as curate of the Church of the Redeemer in Morristown, New Jersey. On October 1, 1917, he became rector of St Agnes' Chapel, part of Trinity Parish in New York City. Between 1924 and 1946 he served as rector of Grace Church in Utica, New York.
Bishop
Sawyer was elected Bishop of Erie on September 4, 1946 on the fifth ballot, during a special diocesan convention. He was consecrated on November 6, 1946 in Grace Church, by the Presiding Bishop Henry St. George Tucker. He retired in November 1951 and died on January 18, 1969.
References
1890 births
1969 deaths
20th-century American Episcopalians
Episcopal bishops of Northwestern Pennsylvania
20th-century American clergy
Leandro Corrieri de Macedo (born March 18, 1968 in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul) is an athlete from Brazil, who competes in triathlon. He won the inaugural event at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata.
Macedo competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He took fourteenth place with a total time of 1:49:50.69.
Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Macedo competed again. He placed thirty-first with a time of 1:57:39.36.
References
1968 births
Living people
Brazilian male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Brazil
Triathletes at the 1995 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2003 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Brazilian people of Italian descent
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in triathlon
South American Games gold medalists for Brazil
South American Games medalists in triathlon
Competitors at the 2002 South American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Campell or Campi Castle is a castle in the municipality of Sils im Domleschg of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The castle was probably begun in the early 13th century for the knightly von Campell family. The first mention of the family is from 1289 when Egeno de Campelle appears in a record. The original castle was a four story bergfried.(Bauphase 1 on drawing) In the 13th or early 14th century it was expanded with a ring wall, gatehouse, ditches and a drawbridge on the west side and a residential wing on the east.(Bauphase 2) However, the Campell family died out in the 14th century. In 1389 the Bishopric of Chur recorded that Bishop Hartmann granted lands that used to be the Campell fief to Hans and Gottfried von Ehrenfels. Though the grant probably did not include the castle, because it wasn't until 1418 that the Bishop granted the castle to Hermann von Schauenstein-Ehrenfels.
During the 15th century, the west wall was raised and had a roof added. The original tower had two more stories added and was topped with crenelations. A large cistern was excavated to the north.(Bauphase 3) Around the middle of the 15th century the castle was given to the Ringg family, but in 1500 it was returned to the Schauenstein family, so it is unclear who renovated the castle.
In the 16th century it was once again rebuilt. The west wall and zwinger were roofed over and became a three story palas. The old gate in the west was walled up and a new one was added in the south wall. The west wall was extended northward to protect the castle's flank.(Bauphase 4)
In 1562 the Schauenberg-Ehrenfels sold the castle to Hans Faschau. A few years later, in 1567, he sold it to Hercules von Salis, whose family held the castle for almost a century. During the Bündner Wirren of the Thirty Years' War the castle was damaged by fire. The west palas was rebuilt in 1635, while the east residential wing was abandoned and became a stable.(Bauphase 5) In 1647 the Salis family sold it to the Freiherr von Schauenstein-Fürstenau. By 1700 it was abandoned, but remained in good condition. By 1900, it had fallen into ruin when the Albula line of the Rhaetian Railway was built over the outer moat. In 1932 the Campell family bought the castle. It remained with this family until 1987 when they donated it to the Campell/Campi Ruin Foundation (Stiftung Ruine Campell/Campi). Between 1993 and 1998 the ruins were stabilized, repaired and excavated and they opened to visitors in 2001.
Castle site
Much of the castle is still standing. The original tower stands in the center of the complex. At the foot of the tower is an arched doorway that leads to the eastern wing of the castle. Both the tower and the east wing have retained their medieval character. The west palas was built after the castle had ceased being a fortification and had become a nobleman's house and so has large windows which would have lit comfortable rooms.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Sils im Domleschg
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Linden Hall is an independent boarding school and day for girls in grades 6-12 located in Lititz, Pennsylvania. The school was founded in 1746 and is the oldest girls' boarding and day school in continuous operation in the United States.
History
The school traces its history to November 1746, when a Moravian congregation was established in Warwick, Pennsylvania, now known as Lititz. The congregation's original building was a "Gemeinhaus," a log structure that could serve as a combined chapel, schoolhouse, and parsonage. The school educated both boys and girls. As of 1758, it reportedly enrolled "70 to 77 children." Brethren's and Sisters' Houses were built by the Moravian congregation between 1758 and 1761 to separate the activities and education of the community's unmarried men and women. The original Gemeinhaus building was taken down in 1766. For the next few years, girls' schooling occurred in the Sisters' House, while boys' schooling was closely associated with the Brethren's House. Church diaries from this period mention that girls from Moravian families in Lancaster (several miles from Lititz) were enrolling in the school and boarding with local families. The local Moravian congregation was a country congregation whose members lived on scattered farms, so it is likely that some of their daughters boarded at the school or nearby due to its distance from their homes. In May 1769, the cornerstone was laid for a new building for the girls' school to accommodate a growing student body. This building, now named Stengel Hall, is still standing as of 2020. The school's first recorded non-Moravian boarding student, Margaret "Peggy" Marvel of Baltimore, Maryland, was enrolled in 1794.
The school's name was changed from Lititz Seminary to Linden Hall in 1883. The new name referred to plantings of basswood (linden) trees on the campus.
Linden Hall added a junior college, known as Linden Hall Junior College, in 1935. Its offerings included a secretarial program. The Junior College was discontinued in 1961.
Linden Hall is now nonsectarian. The school handbook states that the school's weekly chapel services are held in the Lititz Moravian Church and incorporate "readings, commentaries, and music that represent many of the major philosophies and religions "along with "the School's Moravian heritage."
Program
Linden Hall's academic program is entirely aimed at college preparation. Athletic offerings include an extensive equestrian program. Team sports include soccer, tennis, volleyball, riding, cross-country, golf, basketball, archery, and dance. A cooperative program with Warwick High School enables Linden Hall students to participate in field hockey, lacrosse, swimming, track and field, softball, and bowling teams. Upper school students can participate in an aviation program through which they can earn a pilot's license.
Historically related school
The Beck School for Boys, now defunct, also was related to the Moravian church schools established in Lititz in the 1700s.
References
External links
Boarding schools in Pennsylvania
Girls' schools in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1746
Lititz, Pennsylvania
1740s establishments in Pennsylvania
Imma aulonias is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are ochreous fuscous, finely sprinkled with dark fuscous and with the basal third of the dorsum suffused with dark fuscous. There is a straight slender irregular-edged whitish streak from the middle of the costa to two-thirds of the dorsum and a dark fuscous dot in the disc at three-fifths. An ochreous whitish dot is found on the costa at three-fourths and a slender twice sinuate ochreous-whitish line runs from the costa near the apex to the tornus. The hindwings are dark fuscous, somewhat lighter towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Vahisvaramudayar Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Shiva, located at Malayadippatti in Kulatthur taluk of Pudukkottai district in Tamil Nadu, India.
Location
This cave temple is located at a distance of 33 km from Pudukottai, in Killukkottai.
Cave temples
In Malayadippatti, two cave temples are found. While one is devoted for Shiva another is devoted for Vishnu. This is a twin temple. Shiva temple is known as Vahisvaramudayar Temple and Vishnu temple is known as Pallikonda Perumal Temple.
Presiding deity
The presiding deity is known as Vahisvaramudayar. The goddess is known as Periyanlayaki.
Specialities
In one cave both Shiva and Vishnu Temples are found. This is Shiva temple. In this temple inscription of Nandivarma Pallava, 775-826 C.E., is found. From this inscription it is learnt that this temple was built around 730 C.E. by Kuvaavan Satthan who is also known as Vitel Vidugu Muttharayan.
Puja
Pujas are held four times daily at Kalasanthi (7.00 a.m.), Uttchikkalam (noon 12.00), Sayaratchai (6.00 p.m.) and arthajamam (8.30 p.m.).The temple is opened for worship from 6.00 to 12.00 noon and 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
References
External links
விக்கிமேப்பியாவில் மலையடிப்பட்டி வாகீஸ்வரமுடையார் கோயில் அமைவிடம்
Hindu temples in Pudukkottai district
"Cleopatra" is a song by the American rock band Weezer. It was released as the second single from their ninth studio album Everything Will Be Alright in the End on September 8, 2014. Like the previous single "Back to the Shack", the song has received favorable comparisons to Weezer's earlier albums.
Composition
A jangly Egyptian-themed song, "Cleopatra" is described as a throwback to Weezer's classic sound. The song starts with acoustic strums, a harmonica, and subdued vocals. It builds up into a heavier song, containing a guitar solo and dual guitars. Chris Coplan at Consequence of Sound characterized the song as sounding more like Weezer (1994) than Pinkerton.
Critical reception
Carolyn Menyes at Music Times comments that "it seems like the band has finally returned to form after all these years", citing "Cleopatra" as an example. Dandiel Kreps of Rolling Stone declared "The track recalls the band's earlier albums", citing the production by Ric Ocasek. At Consequence of Sound, Chris Coplan states that "Weezer keep things interesting by imbuing the track with a healthy dose of experience and cynicism, adding new layers to a sound that can occasionally be all too familiar." Karina Starobina from Gigwise described the song "as much a perfect soundtrack for a college pool party as any other Weezer song you have ever heard.". Starobina also comments they don't want Weezer to change.
References
2014 singles
2014 songs
Republic Records singles
Song recordings produced by Ric Ocasek
Songs written by Rivers Cuomo
Weezer songs
Depictions of Cleopatra in music
Songs about Egypt
The Ceremonials Tour was the second concert tour by the English indie rock band Florence and the Machine. The tour included performances at music festivals because it is lead singer Florence Welch's favourite way to perform live. Welch had originally planned to spend over a year touring for Ceremonials (their previous tour lasted almost three and a half years) before announcing that the December 2012 dates would be the final performances of the tour. On 25 February 2013, it was announced that Florence and the Machine would be playing at the Coke Live Music Festival in Poland on 10 August 2013, and, on 26 March 2013, it was announced that the band would be playing at Chime for Change's "The Sound of Change Live" concert at Twickenham Stadium in London alongside Beyoncé, Ellie Goulding and Haim, amongst others.
The Ceremonials Tour was a critical and commercial success. Pollstar announced that it was the 40th best-selling tour in the world in 2012 having earned $31.8 million worldwide and having sold 618,436 tickets. Paste magazine ranked the tour the seventh best tour of 2012.
Opening acts
Laura Marling – (Chicago Theatre)
Two Door Cinema Clubs – (Midland Theatre)
Cowboy Indian Bear – (Midland Theatre)
The Head and the Heart – (WaMu Theater)
Mat Kearney – (WaMu Theater)
The Horrors – (UK & Ireland March 2012)
Spector – (UK & Ireland March 2012, excluding 9, 10 March, and mainland Europe)
Theme Park – (9 March)
Alpines – 10 March (Alexandra Palace)
Blood Orange – (Spring North American dates, Australia dates and New Zealand)
The Walkmen – (Summer North American dates)
The Maccabees – (Fall North American dates)
The Weeknd – (Fall North American dates)
Snow Patrol – (Phoenix Park, co-headlining)
The Temper Trap – (Phoenix Park)
Haim – (UK & Ireland December 2012)
Yna – (Gaston Park)
Setlist
Tour dates
Festivals and other miscellaneous performances
Background and reception
Florence and the Machine played their first performance in support of Ceremonials at New York City's The Boom Boom Room. The performance was sponsored by Interview Magazine, which Florence Welch appeared on the October 2011 cover of.
The band played at the Seymour Centre in Sydney, Australia in November where Florence performed in a Jason Wu Fall 2011 dress. The Daily Telegraph reported that the Seymour Centre show was sold-out and called the performance "wonderful" and "another awesome music memory".
Selected box office score data
External links
Florence and the Machine's Official Website
References
2011 concert tours
2012 concert tours
Florence and the Machine concert tours
James Hanks (born 24 April 1984) is an English Former Rugby Union player who for played for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership. He made his debut for Exeter Chiefs in 2005 against Cornish Pirates. He played As a Lock. He made 190 senior appearances for Exeter Chiefs and was named Players Player for the 2010/2011 season. He retired in 2014 after suffering a serious neck injury against Bath.
References
External links
Exeter Profile
1984 births
Living people
English rugby union players
Exeter Chiefs players
Villager FC players
Rugby union players from Sidcup
Rugby union locks
KYAZ (channel 51) is a television station licensed to Katy, Texas, United States, broadcasting the classic television network MeTV to the Houston area. Owned and operated by Weigel Broadcasting, the station maintains studios at One Arena Place on Bissonnet Street on Houston's southwest side, and its transmitter is located near Missouri City, Texas.
History
As an independent station
The station first signed on the air on November 3, 1993 as KNWS-TV, a 24-hour all-news station that was owned by Johnson Broadcasting. The all-news format featured special segments, and pre-recorded newscasts that were looped, then updated, throughout the day. Throughout 1995, the station simulcast live coverage of the O. J. Simpson murder trial from KTLA in Los Angeles.
KNWS began cutting back on its news programming in November 1996; following a canceled sale to home shopping operator Global Broadcasting Systems in 1997, the station abandoned its all-news format entirely on January 1, 1998 and became a traditional independent station, broadcasting syndicated classic television series and movies, as well as Houston Astros baseball games (many of the games were also simulcast on sister station KLDT in Lake Dallas, Texas). It also maintained local news updates, using the remains of the station's old newsroom. During this time, the station adopted the slogan "TV 51 Has The Shows You Know". By 2000, however, some of the programming had been dropped in favor of infomercials, a trend that would continue over the next decade. The Astros remained on KNWS until 2008, when the team's game telecasts moved to KTXH (channel 20).
Some NBC shows that KPRC-TV (channel 2) declined to air also aired on KNWS. Two such NBC programs were the daytime talk show Leeza, which briefly aired on KNWS in 1998, and the soap opera Passions, which also briefly aired on the station in 2001. In 1996, KNWS carried NBC Sports coverage of Notre Dame football home games as well as the Breeders' Cup. In 2000, KNWS carried Game 6 of the American League Championship Series (coincidentally, the last MLB game aired by NBC to date).
During the non-stop coverage of 2005's Hurricane Rita on Houston's news-producing stations, KNWS carried CBS network programs, on behalf of its local affiliate, KHOU (channel 11), which preempted them in order to run special coverage of the storm. KNWS repeated this pattern during Hurricane Ike.
Prior to the Una Vez Más sale, KNWS had made plans to add the Retro Television Network on a digital subchannel, but due to the bankruptcy filing, that plan was scrapped. Instead, reflecting the pending sale to Una Vez Más, an Azteca América subchannel was added to the station's digital signal as channel 51.2 on April 25, 2010. RTV ended up on KUVM-CD, a Mako Communications station, and the previous affiliate of Azteca América in Houston.
Sale to Una Vez Más
Johnson Broadcasting filed for bankruptcy protection in October 2008. One year later, impatient creditors asked the bankruptcy court to allow the sale of KNWS and KLDT. Una Vez Más Holdings, LLC emerged as the leading bidder. The sale to Una Vez Más was approved by the bankruptcy court on December 29, 2009, and finally received FCC approval on September 27, 2010 after the Commission rejected a petition to deny the sale made by Spanish Broadcasting System. The new owners reserved the KAZH call letters, but changed them instead to KYAZ.
KYAZ began simulcasting Azteca América on subchannels 51.1 and 51.2 on December 29, 2010, the same day its new call letters were approved. Cold Case Files was acquired by KUBE-TV (channel 57), and weekly episodes of Cheaters moved to KIAH (channel 39). The weekly Heart of the Nation Catholic Mass also moved to KUBE-TV. It is unknown if more of channel 51's former meager programming inventory relocated to other stations.
In 2014, Una Vez Mas' TV assets (including KYAZ) were then sold to Northstar Media, LLC. In turn, HC2 Holdings acquired Northstar Media in addition to Azteca América on November 29, 2017, making KYAZ an Azteca owned-and-operated station.
Sale to Weigel Broadcasting
On September 14, 2020, Weigel Broadcasting announced that it would buy three of HC2's TV properties (including KYAZ and its longtime Dallas sister KAZD) as well as a low-powered station. The sale was consummated on December 29, making this the fourth ownership change in 11 years. KYAZ and KAZD became MeTV owned-and-operated stations on March 29, 2021.
Technical information
Subchannels
Analog-to-digital conversion
KYAZ-TV (as KNWS) discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over UHF channel 51, on June 12, 2009, as part of the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television. The station's digital signal relocated from its pre-transition UHF channel 52, which was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the transition, to UHF channel 47, using PSIP to display KYAZ's virtual channel as 51 on digital television receivers.
See also
KAZD (Lake Dallas, Texas)
References
External links
MeTV official website
Television channels and stations established in 1993
1993 establishments in Texas
MeTV affiliates
Azteca América network affiliates
Story Television affiliates
OnTV4U affiliates
YAZ
Spanish-language television stations in Texas
Weigel Broadcasting
The Conțeasca is a right tributary of the river Siret in Romania. It discharges into the Siret near Hârtoape. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Iași County
Emanuel Rubinstein (born 23 March 1897, date of death unknown) was a Polish chess master.
In the 1920s, Emanuel Rubinstein from Cracow was a collaborator of the Wiener Schachzeitung. He took 4th at Cracow 1926 (Mieczysław Chwojnik won).
He played for Cracow (+3 =1 –1) in the 1st Polish Team Chess Championship at Królewska Huta 1929, and in matches Cracow (Kraków) vs. Silesia (Śląsk) in 1932, 1937, and 1939. He tied for 2nd-4th in the Cracow City championship in 1938 (Henryk Scheier won), tied for 14-15th at Cracow 1938 (POL-ch, semi-final, Izaak Schächter won).
In 1939, when World War II broke out, he left Cracow for Lvov. In January/February 1941, he shared 4th with Schächter, behind Edward Gerstenfeld, Izaak Appel, and Henryk Friedman, in the Lvov City championship.
After the war, he took 10th in the Kraków City championship in 1947 (Aleksander Ameisen won).
References
Polish chess players
Sportspeople from Kraków
1897 births
Year of death missing
The 27th Rifle Division () was a tactical unit in the Red Army of Soviet Russia and then the Soviet Union, active between 1918 and 1945. First formed during the Russian Civil War on November 3, 1918, as part of 5th Red Army. Commanded by Vitovt Putna, it was transferred to the 16th Red Army in 1920, and took part in the Polish–Soviet War. Defeated in the battles of Radzymin and Ossów (collectively known as the Battle of Warsaw), it practically ceased to exist.
Reformed in Russia, it returned to Poland in 1939 and took part in the Soviet invasion of Poland as part of the 3rd Army's 4th Rifle Corps, reaching Parafianów and the line of Serwecz River on September 18, 1939. It was then stationed in Soviet-occupied Poland with its headquarters in Suchowola and regiments stationed in Augustów, Grajewo and Suchowola. By 2 October 1939, the division had been subordinated to the 16th Rifle Corps of the 11th Army.
On 22 June 1941, the division was again part of 4th Rifle Corps, 3rd Army (Soviet Union), itself part of the Western Special Military District which quickly became the Western Front, under the command of Major General Aleksandr Stepanov. During Operation Barbarossa, the division was attacked by the German 256th and 162nd Infantry Divisions. Its regiments fought separately and retreated eastwards, towards Sokółka. By June 24 the division lost 40% of its soldiers and the following day unsuccessfully tried to defend the Swisłocz river line. In accordance with orders, it defended the line until the end of the day when it was annihilated. Only small groups of soldiers from the division reached Soviet lines in July and early August. The division was officially disbanded on September 19, 1941.
The second formation of the division was recreated August 1941 at Arkhangelsk, (renamed from Rebolsky Direction Division on September 24, 1941) and the division subsequently fought against the Finnish Army. The division was subordinated to the 26th Army of the Karelian Front in May 1942, and was deployed in the far north of Russia until the end of 1944. It was awarded the Order of the Red Banner on 5 April for its actions in the capture of Stolp. The unit completed the war with the 19th Army of the 2nd Belorussian Front in May 1945.
Postwar, the division was stationed in Poland near Gdynia with the Northern Group of Forces and disbanded in the summer of 1945.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Vladimir Beshanov, Czerwony Blitzkrieg, .
Various authors, S.S. Khromov (ed.), "Гражданская война и военная интервенция в СССР" in: Советская Энциклопедия. Moscow, 1983. p. 704
Grzegorz Łukomski, Bogusław Polak, Mieczysław Wrzosek, Wojna polsko-bolszewicka 1919-1920. Koszalin, 1990
027
027
Military units and formations established in 1918
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Soviet invasion of Poland
Sao Nang Tip Htila (; 1871 — ?) was a Saopha of Kenghkam State. She was the only female Saopha in Burmese history. She married Hkun Un, Saopha of Kenghkam and became the Mahadevi of Kenghkam. After her husband's death, she became the Saopha in lieu of her adolescent son and became one of the most powerful women in Kenghkam, controlling the State economically and politically. A powerful figure in her own right, she was renowned for her cunning and charisma and admired by her countrymen and the British.
Life
Tip Htila was born in 1871 as the only daughter of Sao Kawng Tai II, Saopha of Kengtung. She had two siblings, an elder brother (Sao Kawn Kham Hpu), and younger brother (Kawng Kiao Intaleng). She was energetic in her youth, which sometimes got her into trouble with her father. In 1887, at 16, her father died and her brother became the 52th Saopha. She was a skilled horseman and was passionate about fighting. She accompanied the Chiang Hung front line.
Her brother Sao Kawn Kham Hpu died in 1895, and his successor, Kawng Kiao Intaleng, was too young to be Saopha, so she temporarily ruled over Kengtung on his behalf. Two years later, after Kawng Kiao Intaleng acceded to the throne, she married Hkun Un, Saopha of Kenghkam and moved to Kenghkam. She became the Mahadevi of Kengkham. She had a son named Hkun Nawng Hkam. Her husband died when Hkun was 11 and she ruled as the female Saopha for 11 years. Along with Kawng Kiao Intaleng she attended the Delhi Durbar in 1903, in celebration of the coronation of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra.
She attended the party of King George V and Queen Mary when they visited British India. Along the way her royal jewellery disappeared, which her maid allegedly tipped overboard. When the time came to meet the Queen in Delhi along with prestigious rulers from across the Kingdom's protectorate, Tip Htila did so without any of her customary adornments, such that Queen Mary commented, "Tip Htila I heard that you came across the sea to honour me but your jewellery was lost" Tip Htila then said, "My jewels are gone, yet I have come to see the King." Queen Mary was so moved she removed one of her rings and gave it to Tip Htila to wear.
When her son grew up he succeeded her. However, in a fit of pique he shot and killed a servant in the palace. He was then deposed as Saopha and the State of Kengkham State integrated into Mongnai State.
Tip was a powerful businesswoman, frequently involved in trading elephants and motor cars, and later in teak extraction and road-building. According to Maurice Collis who met her in her old age "In her day she must have been rash, magnificent, as bold as a lion".
References
Tai peoples
1871 births
Date of death missing
Kengtung State
Pierre Prévost (7 December 1764 – 30 August 1823) was the first French panorama painter.
Born in the city of Montigny-le-Gannelon, he was a student of Pierre-Henri de Valenciennes. He died in Paris and is buried there in the Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Panoramas
View of Paris from the Tuileries, with the help of Constant Bourgeois, Denis Fontaine and Jean Mouchet
The evacuation of Toulon by English in 1793
Panorama of Lyon
View of Amsterdam
Panorama of Rome
Panorama of Naples
Fleet at Boulogne preparing to invade England
View of the meeting between French and Russian Emperors at Tilsitt
Battle of Wagram
Panorama of Jerusalem
Panorama of Athens
A Panoramic View of London, from the Tower of St. Margaret's Church, Westminster, acquired by the Museum of London in July 2018.
References
Michaud et Michaud, Biographie universelle, ancienne et moderne, t. 36, Paris, L. G. Michaud, pp. 60–2.
Louis du Chalard & Antoine Gautier, « Les panoramas orientaux du peintre Pierre Prévost (1764-1823) », in Orients, Bulletin de l'association des anciens élèves et amis des langues orientales, juin 2010, pp. 85–108.
Louis du Chalard & Antoine Gautier, « Le Panorama de Constantinople, anonyme 20 828 du musée du Louvre, dévoile une partie de ses secrets », in Orients, Bulletin de l'association des anciens élèves et amis des langues orientales, juin 2011, p. 95-98.
Bernard Comment, Le XIXe siècle des panoramas, essai, Adam Biro, 1993, pp. 18-22.
Bernard Comment, The painted panoramas, New-York, 1999, pp. 29–46.
Les hommes illustres de l'Orléanais, 1852.
Jean Prévost, Notice historique sur Montigny-le-Gannelon, Châteaudun, 1852.
John Gorton, General Biographical Dictionary'', 1833, volume II.
Dictionnaire général des lettres des beaux-arts et des sciences, Théodore Bachelet, 1862, vol. II, p. 1364.
Biografia degli artisti, 1836.
External links
Panorama de Constantinople, Collections, Louvre
1764 births
People from Eure-et-Loir
1823 deaths
18th-century French painters
19th-century French painters
French male painters
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
19th-century French male artists
Kienle Nunataks () are three aligned nunataks to the north of Mount Terror in northeastern Ross Island, Antarctica. The nunataks trend east–west for and rise to about . The central nunatak is north-northeast of the Mount Terror summit. At the suggestion of P.R. Kyle, they were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Juergen Kienle of the Geophysical Institute, University of Alaska Fairbanks, a United States Antarctic Program team leader for the investigation of volcanic activity and seismicity on Mount Erebus in six field seasons, 1980–81 through 1985–86.
References
Nunataks of Ross Island
The Takla Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, bounded by Takla Lake and Northwest Arm in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Further reading
Paul Schiarizza and Don MacIntyre, EOLOGY OF THE BABINE LAKE - TAKLA LAKE AREA, CENTRAL BRITISH COLUMBIA, P 44
References
Skeena Mountains
Sandy the Seal is a 1965 British family film directed by Robert Lynn and starring Heinz Drache, Marianne Koch and Gert Van den Bergh. Produced and co-written by Harry Alan Towers, the film was shot in South Africa in Technicolor and Techniscope II with sequences shot on Seal Island, South Africa. The film was released in the UK by Tigon British Film Productions in 1969.
Plot
A lighthouse keeper finds an injured seal left by seal poachers. He brings the seal to his wife and two children who learn responsibility by looking after the seal who they name Sandy. Sandy accompanies the children on their adventures and activities and discovers the ship of the seal poachers who plan a return to the lighthouse keeper's island for more valuable pelts.
Cast
Heinz Drache - Jan Van Heerden
Marianne Koch - Karen Van Heerden
David Richards - David
Anne Mervis - Anne
Gert Van den Bergh - Jacobson
Bill Brewer - Lowenstein
Gabriel Bayman - Lofty
Brian O'Shaughnessy - MacKenzie
References
External links
1965 films
British drama films
1960s English-language films
English-language South African films
Films directed by Robert Lynn
Films about pinnipeds
Films scored by Malcolm Lockyer
Films set in South Africa
Films shot in South Africa
South African drama films
1960s British films
Don Motellang (born 27 July 1998) is a Marshallese sprinter. In 2019, he competed in the men's 100 metres event at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar. He competed in the preliminary round and he did not advance to compete in the heats.
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Marshallese male sprinters
World Athletics Championships athletes for Mauritania
Fridolf Lundsten (26 July 1884 – 5 January 1947) was a Finnish wrestler. He competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1884 births
1947 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
People from Raseborg
Sportspeople from Uusimaa
Nicholas Kendall (died 3 March 1740) was the Archdeacon of Totnes, England from 1713 until 1739.
He was born the son of Bernard Kendall of Lostwithiel and educated at Exeter College, Oxford, matriculating in 1673, and graduating B.A. in 1677, and M.A. in 1679/80. He was incorporated at Cambridge in 1699 and became Rector of Sheviock, Cornwall from 1680 to 1740 and Vicar of Lanlivery in 1681. He was made a prebendary of Exeter in 1688, a post he held until his death on 3 March 1739/40.
He was father of Charles and Walter.
References
1740 deaths
Archdeacons of Totnes
Year of birth unknown
Alumni of Exeter College, Oxford
The Archdiocese of Toronto () is a Roman Catholic archdiocese that includes part of the Province of Ontario. Its archbishop is also the ecclesiastical provincial for the dioceses of Hamilton, London, Saint Catharines, and Thunder Bay. The Archbishop is Cardinal Thomas Christopher Collins (made Cardinal on February 18, 2012).
Mass is celebrated within the Archdiocese of Toronto in 36 ethnic and linguistic communities every week making the Archdiocese one of the most ethnically diverse Catholic dioceses in the world.
Overall the Archdiocese of Toronto is the largest in Canada.
History
The diocese was created on December 17, 1841 out of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kingston and covered the western half of Upper Canada. Bishop Michael Power was appointed as the first Bishop. For a complete history, see the Archdiocese History website.
In the 1840s, the major challenge was the huge unexpected influx of very poor immigrants, mostly Irish escaping the Great Famine. The fear was that Protestants might use their material needs as a wedge for evangelization. In response the Church built a network of charitable institutions such as hospitals, schools, boarding homes, and orphanages, to meet the need and keep people inside the faith. The church was less successful in dealing with tensions between the French and the Irish Catholic clergy; eventually the Irish took control.
Irish Catholics arriving in Toronto faced widespread intolerance and severe discrimination, both social and legislative, leading to several large scale riots between Catholics and Protestants from 1858–1878, culminating in the Jubilee Riots of 1875. The Irish population essentially defined the Catholic population in Toronto until 1890, when German and French Catholics were welcomed to the city by the Irish, but the Irish proportion still remained 90% of the Catholic population. However, various powerful initiatives such as the foundation of St. Michael's College in 1852 (where Marshall McLuhan was to hold the chair of English until his death in 1980), three hospitals, and the most significant charitable organizations in the city (the Society of St. Vincent de Paul) and House of Providence created by Irish Catholic groups strengthened the Irish identity, transforming the Irish presence in the city into one of influence and power.
McGowan argues that between 1890 and 1920, the city's Catholics experienced major social, ideological, and economic changes that allowed them to integrate into Toronto society and shake off their second-class status. The Irish Catholics (in contrast to the French) strongly supported Canada's role in the First World War. They broke out of the ghetto and lived in all of Toronto's neighbourhoods. Starting as unskilled labourers, they used high levels of education to move up and were well represented among the lower middle class. Most dramatically, they intermarried with Protestants at an unprecedented rate.
It was raised from a diocese to an archdiocese in 1898, which created the ecclesiastical province of Toronto, which included the suffragan dioceses of Hamilton, London, Saint Catharines, and Thunder Bay.
As of 2015, the archdiocese has 221 parishes and 24 missions. 393 active diocesan priests and 405 religious priests serve 2,066,440 Catholics. There are also 43 brothers, 560 sisters and 136 permanent deacons.
The archdiocese's motto, Quis ut Deus?, means "Who is like God?" — the literal meaning of the name "Michael," the saint to whom the diocese's cathedral is dedicated.
On March 19, 2019, the Ontario Court of Appeal allowed a former altar boy to proceed with suing the Archdiocese of Toronto on grounds related to sex abuse.
Geography
The Archdiocese of Toronto covers a geographic region of the Great Lakes area, which stretches from the shores of Lake Ontario north to Georgian Bay. The area is some 13,000 square kilometres, containing intensely urban and suburban regions and also small cities, towns and rural areas.
The Archdiocese of Toronto includes the City of Toronto, the most populous metropolis in the country and the growing regional municipalities of Peel, York and Durham that surround the City. As the regional municipalities expand, the northern section of the Archdiocese, Simcoe County, is also experiencing notable suburban growth.
The archdiocese is divided into four pastoral regions, each overseen by an auxiliary bishop, comprising 14 pastoral zones. The four pastoral regions which divide the Archdiocese are the Central, Northern, Eastern and Western Regions. The zones are made up of parishes within a geographical boundary.
Diocesan and other Bishops
Archbishop Thomas Cardinal Collins
Auxiliary Bishops
Bishop John Boissonneau – responsible for the Northern Pastoral Region
Bishop Vincent Nguyen – responsible for the Eastern Pastoral Region
Bishop Robert Kasun – responsible for the Central Pastoral Region
Bishop Ivan Camilleri – responsible for the Western Pastoral Region
Coadjutor Bishops
John Joseph Lynch, C.M. (1859-1860)
Philip Francis Pocock (1961-1971)
Aloysius Matthew Ambrozic (1986-1990); future Cardinal
Former Auxiliary Bishops
Timothy O'Mahony (1879–1892)
Benjamin Webster (1946–1954), appointed Bishop of Peterborough, Ontario
Francis Allen (1954–1977)
Francis Marrocco (1955–1968), appointed Bishop of Peterborough, Ontario
Thomas Fulton (1968–1978), appointed Bishop of Saint Catharines, Ontario
Aloysius Matthew Ambrozic (1976–1986), appointed Coadjutor here; future Cardinal
Leonard Wall (1979–1992)
Michael Pearse Lacey (1979–1993)
Robert Clune (1979–1995)
John Knight (1992–2002)
Nicola De Angelis, C.F.I.C. (1992–2002), appointed Bishop of Peterborough, Ontario
Terrence Prendergast, S.J. (1995–1998), appointed Bishop of Halifax, Nova Scotia
R. Anthony Meagher (1997–2002), appointed Archbishop of Kingston, Ontario
Richard Grecco (2002–2009), appointed Bishop of Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island
Daniel Bohan (2003–2005), appointed Archbishop of Regina, Saskatchewan
Peter Hundt (2009–2011), appointed Bishop of Corner Brook and Labrador, Newfoundland
William McGrattan (2009–2014), appointed Bishop of Peterborough, Ontario
Wayne Kirkpatrick (2012–2019), appointed Bishop of Antigonish, Nova Scotia
Other priests of this diocese who became Bishops
Francis Carroll, appointed Bishop of Calgary in 1935
John Aloysius O′Mara, appointed Bishop of Thunder Bay in 1976
Churches
Toronto
Chinese Martyrs Catholic Church
Our Lady of Lourdes, Toronto
Saint Fidelis Catholic Church
St. Michael's Cathedral, Toronto
St. Agnes, Toronto
St. Basil's Church, Toronto
St. Clare's Church, Toronto
St. Francis of Assisi, Toronto
St. Helen's, Brockton
St. Mary's Church (Toronto)
St. Paul's Basilica
St. Patrick's Church, Toronto
St. Peter's Church, Toronto
Holy Martyrs of Japan, Bradford
Holy Family, Bolton
Holy Family, Parkdale
Holy Rosary Church, Forest Hill
St. Elizabeth Seton (Newmarket)
St. Vincent de Paul, Roncesvalles
St. Pius X, Bloor West
St. Leo's, Mimico
St. Mark, Humber Bay
St. Teresa, New Toronto
Christ the King, Long Branch
St. Ambrose, Alderwood
Holy Angels, Queensway
Our Lady of Sorrows, Kingsway
Our Lady of Peace, Six Points
St. Clement, Markland Wood
Markham, Ontario
Education
Conseil scolaire catholique MonAvenir
Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board
Durham Catholic District School Board
Simcoe Muskoka Catholic District School Board
Toronto Catholic District School Board
York Catholic District School Board
Cemeteries
Assumption Catholic Cemetery, Mississauga
Christ the King Catholic Cemetery, Markham
Guardian Angels Catholic Cemetery, Brampton - Proposed
Holy Cross Catholic Cemetery, Markham
Holy Rosary Catholic Cemetery, Markham - Proposed
Mount Hope Catholic Cemetery, Toronto
Queen of Heaven Catholic Cemetery, Vaughan
Resurrection Catholic Cemetery, Whitby
St. Mary's Catholic Cemetery, Barrie
Unnamed Catholic Cemetery, Bradford - Proposed
References
Bibliography
Archdiocese of Toronto at CatholicHierarchy.org
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Toronto at GCatholic.org
External links
Archdiocese of Toronto: Find a Parish
1841 establishments in Canada
Christianity in Toronto
Religious organizations established in 1841
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 19th century
Bergman is a small lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It was named after Swedish astronomer Torbern O. Bergman. It is located on the interior floor of the walled plain Mendeleev, and is attached to the edge of the inner wall to the northwest. On the same walled basin are the craters Moissan to the south and Richards to the west. The rim of Bergman is roughly circular, and the formation is generally bowl-shaped. The western half of the interior floor is covered with a slope of scree, leaving a small level floor on the eastern side.
References
External links
LTO-66D2 Bergman — L&PI topographic map
Impact craters on the Moon
Alamode (Allamod) was a thin, soft, fine, and lustrous silk material. It was one of England's local silk varieties. However, it was recognized as ''Alamode'' in the early 17th century before it was famous for its use in scarves.
Weave
It was a plain weave fabric.
Use
The use of Alamode extended up to the 18th century, and it was majorly used in scarves and hoods. In addition, it was used for jackets and also as a mourning cloth.
See also
Alacha, a silk that was imitated in England after prohibiting imports from India.
References
Woven fabrics
Silk
General Hosh Muhammad Sheedi Qambrani or Hoshu Sheedi (Sindhi: هوش محمد شيدي; ) was an Askari unit, and also supreme commander of Sindh's Talpur army led by Mir Sher Muhammad Khan Talpur. Hoshu Sheedi fought against the British forces under Sir Charles Napier at the Battle of Dubbo, and was killed on March 24, 1843.
Hosh Muhammad belonged to the African-descent Sheedi community of Sindh Pakistan. Before his death, in the Battleground of Dubbo, he called out the famous slogan:
{{cquote|
Hosh Muhammad was respected by the British commanding officer, Sir Charles James Napier, who buried him with full military honours.
Early life
Hosh Muhammad was born in 1801. Before joining the army, he worked at the residence of Talpur rulers.
Mausoleum
The historical mausoleum of Hosho Sheedi Qambrani is in Dubee, a small village approximately 10 kilometers from Hyderabad. It was built to pay tribute to the war martyrs and was declared a heritage site. The building currently needs maintenance and restoration. It is a historical place of Sindh which is neglected by the government and community.
References
External links
Hosh Muhammad Sheedi Flyover, Qasimabad, Hyderabad, Sindh
Sindh Sheedi Samaji Welfare Sangat
Siddhi people
Sindhi people
Sindhi culture
1843 deaths
1801 births
Sindhi warriors
The Taft Bridge (also known as the Connecticut Avenue Bridge or William Howard Taft Bridge) is a historic bridge located in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C. It carries Connecticut Avenue over the Rock Creek gorge, including Rock Creek and the Rock Creek and Potomac Parkway, connecting the neighborhoods of Woodley Park and Kalorama. It is named after former United States president and Supreme Court Chief Justice William Howard Taft, and sits to the southwest of the Duke Ellington Bridge.
Four statues of lions by sculptor Roland Hinton Perry, known as the Perry Lions, are placed in pairs at both ends of the bridge. On July 3, 2003, the Taft Bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The Classical Revival bridge was built from 1897 to 1907. It was designed by engineer George S. Morison and architect Edward Pearce Casey. It is an arch bridge with unreinforced concrete arches and a reinforced concrete deck. The total length of the bridge is . It has been called an "engineering tour de force" and the largest unreinforced concrete structure in the world. In 1931, the bridge was renamed in honor of U.S. President William Howard Taft, who frequently walked the bridge while Chief Justice of the United States.
During early planning for the Washington Metro in the 1960s, the Red Line was slated to run across the bridge to connect Dupont Circle and Woodley Park. Instead, the metro was built underground.
Perry Lions
The bridge is "guarded" by four large male lions, two on each end of the bridge (each about 7 ft. x 6 ft. 6 in. x 13 ft.). Two of the lions rest on all fours with their heads tilted upwards and mouths slightly open while the other pair lie with their eyes closed, apparently sleeping. They were originally designed and sculpted by Roland Hinton Perry in 1906 out of cast concrete (the bridge as a whole is one of the first cast concrete bridges in the country) and were installed in 1907.
In 1964 the lions were restored and weatherproofed by Washington-based sculptor Renato Luccetti, although this restoration proved to be less than entirely successful. When a major rehabilitation of the bridge began in 1993, the lions, which were in very bad condition, were removed for further restoration. They are currently stored in the Air Rights Tunnel on southbound I-395. The sculptures were finally found to be beyond restoring.
The United States Commission of Fine Arts worked with the city in the late 1990s to oversee the production of the replacement lions that now sit on the bridge. The sculptor Reinaldo Lopez-Carrizo of Professional Restoration produced molds based on the existing sculptures and photographs, and used them to cast new concrete lion sculptures that were installed on the bridge in July and August 2000. The same molds were used to cast bronze lions installed at the main pedestrian entrance to the National Zoo farther north on Connecticut Avenue in 2002. The white lion in the lobby of the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts is a quarter-size replica from that effort.
Bairstow Eagle Lampposts
Twenty-four lampposts are equally spaced along both sides of the Taft Bridge. Created by sculptor Ernest Bairstow in 1906, the lampposts are composed of concrete bases (about 5 feet high, 8 inches deep and four feet wide) with painted iron lampposts (about 17 feet high and 4 wide) set in them. The pedestals are decorated with garland and a fluted column featuring acanthus leaves at the top and bottom. Above the leaves is a horizontal bracket with two globes hanging from each side of the column. Each lamppost is topped with a painted iron eagle with its wings spread.
A replica of the Bairstow eagles is seen in a World War I monument in Middletown, Delaware.
Gallery
See also
List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in Washington, D.C.
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
National Register of Historic Places listings in the District of Columbia
References
Further reading
J. Goode, Washington Sculpture, The Johns Hopkins University Press, 2008. , A cultural history of outdoor sculpture in the Nation's capital.
Williams, Paul K., Gregory J. Alexander, & Gregory V. Alexander. Woodley Park Arcadia Publishing, 2003.
External links
1911 Postcard of Connecticut Avenue Bridge - Ghosts of DC blog
1907 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Bridges completed in 1907
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Buildings and monuments honoring American presidents in the United States
Bridges over Rock Creek (Potomac River tributary)
Historic American Engineering Record in Washington, D.C.
Neoclassical architecture in Washington, D.C.
Open-spandrel deck arch bridges in the United States
Concrete bridges in the United States
Sculptures of lions
Sculptures by Roland Hinton Perry
is a city located in Fukui Prefecture, Japan. , the city had an estimated population of 83,078 in 20.341 households and the population density of 360 persons per km². The total area of the city was . The modern city of Echizen was established on October 1, 2005, from the merger of the city of Takefu and the town of Imadate (from Imadate District); although the Echizen Basin has been an important regional center for over 1,500 years. The city is home to the largest number of cultural assets in Fukui Prefecture and has many former castle sites and prehistoric archeological sites.
Geography
Echizen is located in central Fukui Prefecture, bordered by mountains on three sides.
Neighbouring municipalities
Fukui Prefecture
Fukui
Sabae
Ikeda
Minamiechizen
Echizen (town)
Climate
Echizen has a Humid climate (Köppen Cfa) influenced by its proximity to the Sea of Japan, and is characterized by warm, wet summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall. The average annual temperature in Echizen is 14.3 °C. The average annual rainfall is 2402 mm with September as the wettest month. The temperatures are the highest on average in August, at around 26.8 °C, and lowest in January, at around 2.9 °C.
Demographics
Per Japanese census data, the population of Awara has remained steady over the past 40 years.
History
Pre-modern history
Echizen is part of ancient Echizen Province, and was the location of the provincial capital and provincial temple of the province from the Nara period onwards. During the Nanboku-chō period, a number of battles were fought, and numerous castles were built during this time. Shiba Takatsune, who supported the Northern during the war, fought with Yoshisada Nitta in the Battle of the Hino River. Shiba lost the battle, and fled north to Asuwa Castle in Fukui. Nitta pursued him but was defeated and killed at the Sieges of Kuromaru. Shiba returned to Echizen-Fuchū and conquered both Fuchū Castle and Ōtaki Castle. The outcome of the war between the Northern and the Southern Courts was decided around Echizen. Today a plaque marking the site of Shinzenkōji Castle can be seen at Shōgaku-ji temple in Echizen, and remains of other castles can be found throughout the city. In the Sengoku period, the area prospered under the leadership of the Asakura clan, based at Ichijōdani, near modern Fukui city. The Asakura were defeated by Oda Nobunaga, who divided the area among his generals Fuwa Mitsuharu, Sassa Narimasa, and Maeda Toshiie. Part of Sassa Narimasa's castle, Komaru Castle, still stands today. Maeda Toshiie took residence in Echizen-Fuchū Castle, on the current location of the Echizen city hall. Fuwa Mitsuharu took charge of Ryūmon-ji Castle, whose stone foundations and parts of the moat can be seen today at Ryūmon-ji temple.
After the Battle of Sekigahara, the victorious Tokugawa Ieyasu awarded all of Echizen Province to his second son, Yūki Hideyasu, who what became Fukui Domain ruled from Fukui Castle He changed his name to Matsudaira, and the Matsudaira remained in control of the area until the end of the Edo period.
At the start of Fukui Domain, Honda Tomimasa, highly trusted by Tokugawa Ieyasu, was appointed as Hideyasu's karō. Honda received a small piece of land and became governor of Echizen-Fuchū. Devastated by years of war, Echizen-Fuchū had lost its castles, roads, and buildings, and Honda is responsible for a major reconstruction of the area. He rebuilt the roads, walls, and buildings, as well as irrigation systems connected to the Hino river. Honda started the industries that still make up Echizen's base economy: blades, textiles, and industrial machinery. The Honda clan ruled the Echizen-Fuchū area for nine generations, until the Meiji Restoration. Their graves can be seen at the temple of Ryūsen-ji in Echizen.
Modern Echizen city
Following the Meiji Restoration, the area of present-day Echizen city was organised into Nanjō District within Fukui Prefecture. With the establishment of the modern municipalities system on April 1, 1889, the town of Takefu was created. It was named after an ancient Min'yō (folk song) called "Saibara", in the area of Echizen-Fuchū was known as "Takefu" during the Nara and Heian periods.
After the Meiji Restoration, the daimyō system was abolished and the former daimyō were merged into the new kazoku peerage. However, the Honda clan, being only a samurai retainer of the Matsudaira and not a daimyō, was moved into the shizoku class with lower ranking samurai. In 1870 the outraged Honda clan rebelled against the Meiji government against this perceived demotion. This riot is known as the Takefu Sōdō, which ended in 1879, and Honda Sukemoto was promoted danshaku in the kazoku system in 1884.
Take was raised to city status on April 1, 1948. On September 20, 1949, an incident known as the Takefu Jiken took place. At around 5 am the District Court and the District Public Prosecutor's Office caught fire. Within an hour, all of the court records and documents were destroyed. The fire was blamed on arson related to gang activity, and scenes from the movie Battles Without Honor and Humanity are said to be reminiscent of this incident. During the next 11 years, Takefu absorbed seven neighbouring villages and greatly increased in size and population.
On October 1, 2005, Takefu and the neighbouring town of Imadate were merged to create the city of Echizen City.
Government
Echizen has a mayor-council form of government with a directly elected mayor and a unicameral city legislature of 22 members.
Economy
Echizen has several large electronics and apparel factories, but it is known for the large number of small businesses that flourish. The area is traditionally known for its production of Echizen washi paper, and for cutlery. Agricultural production is centered on rice, with watermelons also being a major crop.
Education
Echizen has 17 public elementary schools and seven middle schools operated by the city government, and four public high schools operated by the Fukui Prefectural Board of Education. The prefecture also operates one special education school. The private Jin-ai University is located in Echizen.
Transport
Railway
JR West - Hokuriku Shinkansen
(under construction)
JR West - Hokuriku Main Line
,
Fukui Railway - Fukubu Line
, , ,
Bus
Regular services are provided primarily by Fukui Railway.
Highway
Hokuriku Expressway
Local attractions
Shinto shrines
Soja Shrine (総社大神宮)
Ōshio Hachiman Shrine (大塩八幡宮): A national Important Cultural Property.
Omushi Shrine (大虫神社)
Hino Shrine (日野神社)
Ajimano Shrine (味真野神社)
Okafuto Shrine and Ōtaki Shrine (岡太神社、大瀧神社)
Temples
Gekkō-ji (月光寺)
Hoyama-ji (帆山寺)
Inshō-ji (引接寺)
Ryūsen-ji (龍泉寺)
Ryūmon-ji (龍門寺)
Kongō-in (金剛院)
Reisen-ji (霊泉寺)
Gōshō-ji (豪摂寺)
Jōfuku-ji Garden (浄福寺庭園)
Parks
Murasaki Shikibu Park (紫式部公園): Built in honor of Murasaki Shikibu, author of The Tale of Genji, who lived in Echizen for a year with her father, Tametoki Fukuwara, the governor of Echizen. The park was modeled after a nobleman's residence in the Heian period. A statue of Murasaki Shikibu stands in the park, gazing in the direction of Kyoto.
Ajimano Park (味真野苑)
Kakyō Park (花匡公園)
Kojirō Park (小次郎公園)
Rozan Park (廬山公園): Built on top of Murakuni mountain, this park overlooks the entire plain from Takefu to Fukui city. Mt. Hakusan can easily be seen from here on a clear day. This vantage point also provides a night view of Echizen, Sabae, and Fukui cities.
Echizen no Sato (越前の里), in which are found:
Man'yōkan (万葉館)
Chrysanthemum Exhibition Hall (万葉菊花園)
Castles and forts
As an important military center for centuries, Echizen contains the sites of a number of former castles. Some remains, including former gates, section of moats, and mounds, can be seen in the city. Archaeological digs have also uncovered roof tiles, tools, weapons, and other artifacts at these sites.
Kongōin Castle (金剛院城)
Komaru Castle (小丸城)
Kuratani Castle (鞍谷御所)
Fuchū Castle (府中城)
Mount Buei Castle (武衛山城)
Gyōjidake Castle (行事岳城)
Ōtaki Castle (大滝城)
Ryūmonji Castle (龍門寺城)
Shinzenkōji Castle (新善光寺城)
Honpo Jin'ya (本保陣屋)
Shimomagara Magara Yakata (真柄館)
Shirosaki Jin'ya (白崎陣屋)
Tokuma Magara Yakata (真柄館)
Other
Kura-no-Tsuji (蔵の辻): Echizen's historic area in central Takefu is full of old warehouses with white painted walls. Outdoor concerts and festivals often take place in the open square in the center of this neighborhood.
Takefu Town Hall Museum (武生公会堂記念館)
Teramachi-dōri (寺町通り)
Birthplace of Chihiro Iwasaki (いわさきちひろの生家)
Takefu Knife Village (タケフナイフヴィレッジ)
Usuzumi Cherry Tree (薄墨桜)
Ōjigaike (皇子ケ池)
Washi no Sato (和紙の里): This neighborhood is dedicated to the traditional craft of Japanese papermaking.
Japanese Paper Plaza (和紙の広場)
Papyrus Center (パピルス館): This building holds information and a workshop about the art of traditional Echizen paper.
Cultural Museum of Paper (紙の文化博物館)
Udatsu Craftsman's Studio (卯立の工芸館)
Yanagi Falls (柳の滝)
Minowaki no Tokimizu (蓑脇の時水): This waterfall was selected as one of Japan's 100 best scenic views.
Uno Tea Ceremony Museum
Festivals (matsuri) and events
Echizen Kami (paper) Festival: This festival is held annually at the Echizen Washi no Sato (paper village) to celebrate the local washi and the papermaking deity, Kawakami Gozen.
Takefu Kikuningyo (chrysanthemum doll) Festival: This festival is held annually at Takefu Central Park.
Echizen Kani (crab) Festival
Echizen Togei (pottery) Festival: This festival is held annually in May at the Echizen Togei Mura (pottery village).
Specialty products
Local foods
Buckwheat noodles soba and oroshisoba (with grated daikon)
Echizen crab
Habutae maki: sweet bean paste and mochi covered in sponge cake
Satsukigase: a Japanese sweet
Mizuyōkan: a firm sweet made from azuki beans
Kenkera: an old-fashioned Japanese sweet
Baigetsu senbei: a rice cracker dusted with sugar
Manshō beans
Traditional crafts
Echizen washi
Echizen cutlery
Echizen tansu
Traditional roof tiles
Chrysanthemum dolls
Notable people from Echizen
Akiyama Tokuzō, imperial chef
Murasaki Shikibu, novelist, poet, author of one of the earliest novels in human history
Keizan, one of the founders of Sōtō Zen Buddhism
Hiromoto Watanabe, governor of Tokyo and founder of Tokyo University
Kinya Machimura, businessman and statesman
Chihiro Iwasaki, children's book illustrator
Ichibei Iwano, a papermaker and Living National Treasure
Ryoichi Ikegami, manga artist
Michiko Neya, voice actress
Makara Naotaka, samurai
Sasaki Kojirō, swordsman
Machi Tawara, writer, translator, and poet
Masatoki Minami (Fumitoshi Koshinaka), travel writer and railway photographer
Akihisa Makida, professional baseball player for the Rakuten Golden Eagles
Tomomi Inada, lawyer, Minister of Defense (Japan)
Cityscape
Sister city relations
- Takayama, Japan
- Motosu, Japan
- Montevallo, Alabama, USA
References
Further reading
External links
Information for visitors of Echizen city (Echizen City)
Products and Directions (Echizen City)
Annual Festivals (Echizen City)
Castle Sites
Cities in Fukui Prefecture
Patani may refer to:
Places
Patani, a historic region in Thailand and Malaysia
Pattani (disambiguation), listing items associated with the above region
Patani, Delta, an administrative unit of Delta State, Nigeria
Patani, North Maluku, a village in North Maluku, Indonesia
Other uses
Patani FC, a former football club of Yerevan, Armenia
Disha Patani, an Indian actress and model
Patani language, an Austronesian language of Halmahera, Indonesia
See also
Pattani (disambiguation)
Pattani language, a Himalayan language of India
Pattani Malay, a Malayan language
Hikayat Patani, a semi-legendary set of tales about the Pattani kingdom of Thailand
This is a list of events and openings related to amusement parks that occurred in 2014. These various lists are not exhaustive.
Amusement parks
Opening
China Chimelong Ocean Kingdom – 4 March 2014
Italy Cinecittà World
France Kingoland
China Quancheng Euro Park - 27 April 2014
Jordan Red Sea Astratrium
China Romon World
Russia Sochi Park Adventureland
China Yancheng Happy Valley – 1 January 2014
Reopened
USA Kentucky Kingdom – 24 May
Change of name
USA Knott's Soak City (Palm Springs) » Wet'n'Wild Palm Springs
USA Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom » Kentucky Kingdom
USA Splashtown » Wet'n'Wild SplashTown
USA Splash Adventure » Alabama Splash Adventure
Birthday
USA Mt. Olympus Water & Theme Park – 10th birthday
Netherlands Walibi Holland – 20th birthday
Australia Aussie World – 25th birthday
USA Disney's Hollywood Studios – 25th birthday
France Parc Astérix – 25th birthday
France Puy du Fou – 25th birthday
France Walygator Parc – 25th birthday
Sweden Skara Sommarland – 30th birthday
UK Thorpe Park – 35th birthday
USA Six Flags Great Adventure – 40th birthday
USA Morey's Piers – 45th birthday
USA SeaWorld San Diego – 50th birthday
USA Universal Studios Hollywood – 50th birthday
Japan Yomiuriland – 50th birthday
UK Flamingoland – 55th birthday
Belgium Bellewaerde – 60th birthday
USA Story Land – 60th birthday
USA The Great Escape & Splashwater Kingdom – 60th birthday
USA Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom – 130th birthday
USA Kings Dominion – 40th birthday
Closed
USA HoffMan PlayLand – 2014
South Korea Daejanggeum Theme Park – January 1
Additions
Roller coasters
New
Relocated
Refurbished
Other attractions
New
Refurbished
Closed attractions & roller coasters
Records broken
Themed Accommodation
New
See also
List of roller coaster rankings
Notes
References
External links
Listing of 2014 roller coaster openings at the Roller Coaster DataBase
Listing of 2014 roller coaster closures at the Roller Coaster DataBase
Amusement parks by year
Amusement parks
Gretna Historic District is a historic district in downtown Gretna, Louisiana, roughly bounded by 1st Street, Amelia Street, 9th Street, Gulf Drive, 4th Street and Huey P. Long Avenue.
The area comprises a total of 737 buildings and structures, of which 553 are considered contributing properties, and 4 are also listed on the National Register of Historic Places as individual properties. Building dates vary from c.1845 to 1935 and are mostly creole cottages, shotgun houses, bungalows and corner commercial buildings. Styles vary from the Greek Revival and Italianate of 1845-1879 structures, to the Italianate, Eastlake and Colonial Revival of the 1880-1910 buildings, to the Colonial Revival, 20th century eclectic and bungalow style.
The historic district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 2, 1985.
Local Landmarks
Of the 553 contributing properties of the district, 14 are considered Local Landmarks and are greatly responsible for the overall district architectural quality:
Jefferson Memorial Arch on Huey P. Long Avenue, , built 1923.
Old Jefferson Parish Courthouse at 740 2nd Street, , built 1907. Also individually listed and now hosting the Gretna City Hall.
Texas-Pacific Railroad Station at 739 3rd Street, , built c.1910.
Southern Pacific Depot on 4th Street, , built 1906. Now hosting the Gretna Visitor Center.
Large villa at 720 Huey P. Long Avenue, , built c.1930.
Raised bungalow at 225 Newton Street, , built c.1915.
Commercial building at 600 2nd Street, , built c.1890.
Saint Josephs Roman Catholic Church at 610 6th Street, , built 1926. Also individually listed.
House at 216 Lafayette Street, , built c.1850.
Lee Hall at 301 Lavoisier Street, , built c.1910. No more standing.
Most Holy Sacrament College at 614 7th Street, , built 1899. Also individually listed.
David Crockett Fire Hall at 205 Lafayette Street, , built 1859. Also individually listed.
Gretna Elementary School at 701 Amelia Street, , built c.1925.
Mansion at 919 Amelia Street, .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana
Old Jefferson Parish Courthouse
St. Joseph Church-Convent of the Most Holy Sacrament Complex
David Crockett Fire Hall and Pumper
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana
Jose Figueroa Agosto (born June 28, 1964), also known as "José David Figueroa Agosto", "Junior Capsula" and "the Don Pablo Escobar of the Caribbean", is a Puerto Rican former drug trafficker. As the head of a major drug trafficking organization that controlled 90% of cocaine in Puerto Rico, Figueroa Agosto is considered to be one of the most dangerous drug lords of Puerto Rico. He was the most wanted fugitive in Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic.
Criminal career
In 1999, Figueroa Agosto escaped from prison in Puerto Rico, where he was serving a 209-year sentence for murder and illegal weapon possession. He originally went to prison on murder charges in Puerto Rico, but escaped and fled to the Dominican Republic, where he managed to obtain several alternate identities and continued drug trafficking for another 10 years. While in the Dominican Republic he was arrested in a minor stint as one of his alternate identities and then released for an unknown reason (his alter ego was not yet known to the authorities). Following a lead in late 2009, one of his many apartments was raided, and police found $4 million in cash and $1 million in watches. A car chase followed, but he managed to elude the police by fleeing his vehicle and hiding in a sewer. Eventually, he managed to return to Puerto Rico, allegedly by paying 1 million dollars to unnamed high-ranking military personnel. He was able to hide in San Juan, Puerto Rico for 10 months, until July 2010, when DEA, FBI, US Marshals and Puerto Rican police arrested him in Santurce, a district of the capital city of San Juan, as he tried to escape from officers conducting surveillance. Figueroa Agosto was the most wanted fugitive by the Puerto Rican and Dominican Republic authorities.
In 2017, authorities believed that with the Caribbean's biggest reputed drug lord back behind bars, law enforcement authorities in the region should be on alert for potential bloody feuds among rivals and lieutenants trying to take his place. Capture of Jose Figueroa Agosto in Puerto Rico's capital after a decade-long hunt was a big break, but it also meant that members of his violent group would try to gain control of his share of the illegal trade.
Authorities say Figueroa Agosto, worked as a drug-boat driver until 1993, when he carried out a hit on a truck driver who allegedly stole a shipment of Colombian cocaine. Puerto Rican courts convicted him of the murder and sentenced him to 209 years in prison. But in 1999, he walked out of the prison's front gates after presenting the guards with a falsified release order. He was on the run for the next 11 years, leading his criminal organization while living what U.S. Marshals described as a luxury lifestyle in both the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico. He allegedly bought homes and cars under false identities. At one point, Figueroa Agosto — or a man claiming to be him — called a popular Dominican morning radio show and offered an $800,000 reward for the murder of either of the country's two top police officials.
Arrest and imprisonment
At the time of his capture, he was on the lam after being convicted in Puerto Rico for a 1993 murder. His capture was a law enforcement priority in the Dominican Republic and the United States and Dominican President Leonel Fernández and United States Attorney General Eric Holder were personally involved in the decision-making process leading to his capture. Dominican Police Chief Rafael Guillermo Guzmán had called Figueroa Agosto's capture "the Dominican state's biggest challenge".
At the ending of the 10-year manhunt, like fellow smuggler Christopher "Dudus" Coke in Jamaica, Figueroa Agosto was arrested wearing a wig after having had various plastic surgeries. He was wanted for allegedly moving cocaine through the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico with fellow co-worker, Angelo Millones, into the United States. Figueroa Agosto was also charged by U.S. authorities with passport fraud and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. There were rumors that Figueroa Agosto would be on the streets soon; if there was no proof by the federal agents, they could not put him behind bars.
His romantic companion had been captured months before he was and reportedly was cooperating with authorities after appearing in pornographic videos protagonized by both of them.
Dominican authorities have sought Figueroa Agosto for multiple violations including kidnapping, money laundering, drug trafficking and murder. He was also linked to criminal activity in Colombia and Venezuela, according to the DEA, but they have not charged him for trafficking.
He pleaded guilty to drug trafficking charges in 2012, and in 2017 he was sentenced to 30 years in prison. He was released in 2020 after serving 10 years in prison.
Sex tape
In 2010, a sex tape of Figueroa Agosto proved to be a popular sell among porn DVD vendors in Puerto Rico and Dominican Republic.
References
1964 births
Living people
Puerto Rican drug traffickers
Puerto Rican expatriates in the Dominican Republic
Puerto Rican people convicted of murder
Prisoners and detainees of the United States federal government
Circus peanuts are American peanut-shaped marshmallow candy. They date to the 19th century, when they were one of a large variety of unwrapped "penny candy" sold in such retail outlets as five-and-dime stores.
As of the 2010s, the most familiar variety of mass-produced circus peanuts is orange-colored and flavored with an artificial banana flavor. These are typically made from sugar, corn syrup, gelatin, pectin, soy protein, food coloring and artificial flavor. Confectioners originally distributed an orange-flavored variety that was only available seasonally due to a lack of packaging capable of preserving the candy. In the spring, five-and-dimes sold circus peanuts as penny candy. In the 1940s, circus peanuts became one of the many candies to become available year-round owing to the industrial proliferation of cellophane packaging.
Over the years, confectioners have also offered circus peanuts colored yellow, pink, and white, including a variety of flavors, though orange is still the most predominant color and banana the most common flavor. The leading producers of circus peanuts are Melster Candies, Spangler Candy Company and Brach's, although the products are essentially identical. The Publix supermarket chain at one time sold generic circus peanuts under its own label, manufactured by Farley and Sathers.
Circus peanuts led to the creation of Lucky Charms in 1964 when a General Mills employee chopped pieces into a bowl of Cheerios.
References
External links
Archive of (Brach's brand subsequently under Ferrara Candy Company)
Confectionery
Peanuts
Marshmallows
The International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of criminology. The journal's editor-in-chief is Mark T. Palermo ([The Law Art and Behavior Foundation] and Medical College of Wisconsin). It was established in 1966 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.452, ranking it 48 out of 82 journals in the category "Psychology, Applied" and 33 out of 61 in "Criminology & Penology", and 25 out of 57 journals in the category "Criminology & Penology".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Criminology journals
Publications established in 1972
Telli (, also Romanized as Tellī) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 354, in 82 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Manoj N. Joshi (born 14 December 1965) is an Indian film and television actor of Gujarati origin. After graduating from Sir J. J. School of Arts, he began his career in Marathi theatre, also putting up performances in Gujarati and Hindi theatre. He has also acted in over 70 films since 1998, many of his roles being comedy.
He acted in TV series including Chanakya, Ek Mahal Ho Sapno Ka, Rau (Marathi), Sangdil, Kabhi Souten Kabhi Saheli, Mura Raska Mai La (Marathi). He debuted in Sarfarosh (SI Bajju) alongside his brother who played Bala Thakur in the film. His other works include the film Hungama followed by Hulchul, Dhoom, Bhagam Bhag, Phir Hera Pheri, Chup Chup Ke, Bhool Bhulaiyaa, and Billo Barber. He has also portrayed Chanakya in Chakravartin Ashoka Samrat.
In 2018, Joshi was awarded with the Padma Shri. He is the vice-president of the Bombay Art Society
Filmography
Television serials
Personal life
His father was Navneet Joshi, and his younger brother Rajesh Joshi was an actor too. Rajesh died in 1998. Joshi hails from Adpodara village near Himatnagar in north Gujarat.
Awards
Padma Shree Award on 69th Republic Day, 2018
References
External links
Living people
Indian male film actors
Indian male television actors
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Indian male soap opera actors
Gujarati theatre
Gujarati people
Male actors in Gujarati-language films
Indian male stage actors
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Indian male actors
21st-century Indian male actors
Recipients of the Padma Shri in arts
Male actors from Gujarat
Best Supporting Actor National Film Award winners
1965 births
Male actors in Marathi television
Archips vivesi is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish cream, but paler in the costal area to about 1/3 and more brownish ferruginous otherwise. The strigulation is dense and brown. The markings are atrophied. The hindwings are brownish and hardly tinged cream at the apex.
Etymology
The species is named in honour of Dr. Antonio Vives Moreno.
References
Archips
Moths described in 2009
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The University Hospital of Düsseldorf () is located in the south of Düsseldorf, the state capital of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia and center of the populous Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region. It treats approximately 45,000 inpatients and 300,000 outpatients every year in 32 clinics and 34 institutes. The hospital has more than 1,200 inpatient beds. It has roughly 5,500 employees, including 1,300 nurses and 800 physicians. Many facilities are self-operated (crafts, training centers). The board consists of the medical director, the commercial director, the director of nursing and the dean of the medical faculty.
See also
Universitäts-Augenklinik Düsseldorf
University of Düsseldorf
External links
Teaching hospitals in Germany
Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf
Medical and health organisations based in North Rhine-Westphalia
Ilaveezhapoonchira is a tourist destination located in Melukavu village in Kottayam district near Kanjar. Ilaveezha Poonchira is surrounded by three enchanting hillocks - Mankunnu, Kodayathoormala and Thonippara. This makes the place ideal for trekking.
Etymology
"Ila-veezhaa-poonchira", means 'the pond of flowers where the leaves do not fall'. During the monsoons, the valley between a complex of mountains fills up to form a large pond.
Tourism
Ilaveezhapoonchira is an established destination for both domestic and foreign tourists. It is a hill station in bordering Idukki Kottayam district, Kerala, southern India. It is 3,500 and surrounded by lush green tea plantations and valleys.
History
According to a legend, the Pandava had a sojourn here during their life incognito. Their wife, Draupadi, came to bathe at a lake, which was present at that time. Some devas, bewitched by her beauty, tried to satisfy their voyeuristic itch. King of devas, Lord Indra, learned of the situation, and built screens or hills heaping flowers and prevented them from indulging in such a practice. And the pond thus became a dam isolated by floral hills. Since there were no trees around the bund, it was always free of leaves and so it was called Ila-veezha-poonchira. Some say that the name comes from the fact that it is always windy at the place and hence the leaves are carried away.
Mythology
Poonjira's myth is closely related to Agastya and his hermitage, he lived here and the native people believe that he still lives here, his hermitage is hidden in somewhere here. Another important attraction is the ancient Krishna temple, that was founded by Panjali herself. It is believed that Panjali's akshayapatra is hidden here and it is protected by agastya. The myth is also associate with Ramayana his vanavasa popularly believes that he lived here with Lakshmana for few months
Location
Ilavvezha Poonchira is located 55 km from Kottayam, and is 20 km from Thodupuzha. From Ilaveezha Poonchira, it is possible to see large parts of Idukki, Kottayam, Ernakulam, Alappuzha, Pathanamthitta and Thrissur districts. Sunrise and sunset can both be observed here.
References
4.
External links
Ela Veezha Poonchira (film)
Mountains of Kerala
Villages in Kottayam district
Melchor "Mel" Menor is an American Muay Thai kickboxer. Menor has also won the WKA Super Elite Class World Champion 1994–1997, WMTF Jr WelterWeight Muay Thai Champion 1997 and the K-U Super Elite Class World Champion 1999. Menor has also appeared on television shows such as Fight Science and Stan Lee's Superhumans including the film Here Comes the Boom.
Kickboxing record
|- style="background:#fdd;"
|
| style="text-align:center;"|Loss
| Takehiro Murahama
|K-1 World MAX 2002 USA
| Tokyo, Japan
| style="text-align:center;"|UD
|align=center|3
|align=center|
| style="text-align:center;"|2-2
|- style="background:#fdd;"
|
| style="text-align:center;"|Loss
| Jaroenthong Kiatbanchong
|Warriors Cup of America
| Irvine, California, United States
| style="text-align:center;"|UD
|align=center|5
|align=center|3:00
| style="text-align:center;"|1-2
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| July, 1997
| Win
| Nicholas Read
| WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP A MATTER OF PRIDE 3
| Los Angeles, CA
| MT
| 5
|
| 1-0
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
|
| style="text-align:center;"|Win
| Danny Steele
|K-1 World Grand Prix 2002 Preliminary USA
| Las Vegas, Nevada
| style="text-align:center;"|UD
|align=center|5
|align=center|
| style="text-align:center;"|2-0
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
|
| style="text-align:center;"|Win
| William Syrapai
|K-1 World Grand Prix 2001
| Las Vegas, Nevada
| style="text-align:center;"|UD
|align=center|5
|align=center|
| style="text-align:center;"|1-0
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
References
1974 births
Living people
American martial artists of Filipino descent
Kickboxing trainers
Kickboxers from California
American male kickboxers
American Muay Thai practitioners
Filipino Muay Thai practitioners
Welterweight kickboxers
Muay Thai trainers
Pope Clement XIII (r. 1758–1769) created 52 cardinals in seven consistories.
September 11, 1758
Carlo Rezzonico
October 2, 1758
Antonio Marino Priuli
François-Joachim de Pierre de Bernis
September 24, 1759
Ferdinando Maria de Rossi
Ignazio Michele Crivelli
Ludovico Merlini
Filippo Acciaioli
Luigi Gualterio
Girolamo Spinola
Antonio Maria Erba-Odescalchi
Sante Veronese
Ludovico Valenti
Giuseppe Maria Castelli
Pietro Francesco Bussi
Gaetano Fantuzzi
Giuseppe Agostino Orsi
Pietro Girolamo Guglielmi
Giuseppe Alessandro Furietti
Pietro Paolo Conti
Nicolò Maria Antonelli
Lorenzo Ganganelli
Giovanni Costanzo Caracciolo
Niccolò Perelli
Marcantonio Colonna
Andrea Corsini
November 23, 1761
Buenaventura de Córdoba Espínola de la Cerda
Christoph Anton Migazzi
Antoine Clériadus de Choiseul-Beaupré
Jean-François-Joseph de Rochechouart
Franz Christoph von Hutten
Enrichetto Virginio Natta
Giovanni Molino
Louis Constantin de Rohan
Baldassare Cenci (iuniore)
July 18, 1763
Simone Buonaccorsi
Andrea Negroni
July 21, 1766
Giovanni Ottavio Bufalini
Giovanni Carlo Boschi
September 26, 1766
Ludovico Calini
Niccolò Serra
Niccolò Oddi
Antonio Branciforte Colonna
Lazzaro Opizio Pallavicini
Vitaliano Borromeo
Pietro Colonna Pamphili
Giuseppe Simonetti
Urbano Paracciani
Filippo Maria Pirelli
Enea Silvio Piccolomini
Saverio Canali
Benedetto Veterani
References
Clement XIII
College of Cardinals
18th-century Catholicism
"I'll See You in My Dreams" is a power ballad by the American rock band Giant from their debut studio album Last of the Runaways, released in 1989. It was written by Alan Pasqua and Mark Spiro and sung by Dann Huff.
The song entered the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #20. It is their only Top 40 hit on that chart, making them a one-hit wonder.
The American glam metal band BulletBoys covered the song on their 2011 album Rocked and Ripped, which is a collection of cover songs.
Personnel
Dann Huff – vocals, guitars
Alan Pasqua – keyboards, backing vocals
Mike Brignardello – bass guitar, backing vocals
David Huff – drums, backing vocals
References
External links
Giant's "I'll See You In My Dreams" on Last.fm
1989 songs
1990 singles
Giant (band) songs
A&M Records singles
Songs written by Mark Spiro
Glam metal ballads
John T. Ryan Trophies are awards of excellence presented by Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (CIM) to a mine in a given category which experiences the lowest accident frequency during the previous year in all of Canada. Three national trophies are given each year, one to a metal mine, a coal mine and one to a select mine. An award is also given out to the mine with the lowest accident frequency in each of the following regions:
Quebec and East
Ontario
Prairies and Northwest Territories
British Columbia and Yukon.
The award is given by Mine Safety Appliances Company as a memorial to the founder John T. Ryan.
Award winners
Metal Mines
Select Mines
Coal Mines
See also
List of occupational health and safety awards
References
Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum
Occupational safety and health awards
Rouelbeau Castle is a ruined lowland fortress in the municipality of Meinier and the only comprehensively visible remnant of a medieval castle in the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland. It is a heritage site of national significance.
Name
The site has been known under a variety of names, including Bâtie Compey, Bâtie Cholay, Sonneyro or Sonnoyre, and Soubeyron or Souveyron. The latter ones have been traced by some to the term sous-Voirons ("under-will-see"), but other have doubted that logic. The first mention of the name Roillebot - later transcribed as Rouelbeau - has been dated to 1536:
The name which has been used in modern times is said to be a combination of the French verb roiller and the noun Bot from the old local dialect. The former can be translated with "to rain heavily" and, more specifically, in the old dialect with "to beat" or "to hit". The latter means "frog". One explanation for the meaning of Rouelbeau is hence that the lords of the castle had difficulties to sleep at nights because of the loud noise from the croaking frogs and therefore had their servants beat on the water with sticks.
Description
The ruins are situated in a marshland close to the sources of the Seymaz river.
The layout shows that Rouelbeau was a rectangular castle, in length and in width. Its four corners were formed by circular towers with a diameter of , whose walls were thick. At the entrance stood a rectangular tower. It was surrounded by a moat, which is still visible and partly filled with water today.
History
Ancient times
Scattered archaeological finds in the (former) marshes give evidence that there were already settlements during the Roman times some two millennia ago, despite - or because of - the swampy conditions.
A picture, which the Swiss polymath Hans Conrad Escher von der Linth drew in 1785, says in its caption that the castle was built in the fifth century CE by Gundobad, King of the Burgundians. While there is no evidence for that claim, it may be an indication that the site continued to be settled during Late Antiquity and the Early Middle Ages.
The same goes for a thesis which was commonly accepted in the 19th century and claimed that Rouelbeau was Quadruvium, the royal residence of Gundobad's son Sigismund of Burgundy. That place was later located in Carouge.
Medieveal times
The fortress, whose ruins can be seen today, was founded at the beginning of the 14th century in the context of the decades-long power-struggle between the lords of Faucigny and the House of Savoy for the rule over Geneva's countryside. Its strategic location secured access to the newly founded settlement of Hermance on the southeastern shore of Lake Geneva to the house of Faucigny. It was their only outlet to Lake Geneva, as their lands were surrounded by the County of Geneva. Along with further fortresses in Hermance, Nernier and Allinges it formed a defense chain against the Savoyard ambitions.
Records from to indicate that the construction of the military installation, identified by later sources as a wooden fortified house, was completed on the castle's site on 7 July 1318 under the leadership of the knight Humbert de Choulex, who was a vassal of the Faucigny-Baron Hugues de La Tour et de Coligny, better known as Hugues Dauphin. Already in the following year, the Baron purchased the site from the knight of Choulex.The garrison was apparently manned by two to three infantrymen during peace times and by about ten foot soldiers and six cavalrymen during war times. A paved path connected it with the surrounding hamlets. Already three years after its inauguration the castle had to fend off an attack by Amadeus V, Count of Savoy, surnamed the Great. After his death in 1323 more assaults by his successors Edward, surnamed the Liberal, and Aymon, nicknamed the Peaceful, followed.
In 1334, the Baron of Faucigny entrusted Humbert de Choulex again with the command of the fortress. A detailed survey, which was prepared for the planned sale of some of the area of Dauphiné to the pope and has been kept in the Vatican Apostolic Archive ever since, mentions that in that year Rouelbeau was still made of wood. In 1339, the Baron of Faucigny handed it over to Hugues de Genève, Baron of Gex, and in the same year it was fortified by the piling up of an artificial hill, according to the afore-mentioned document. The fortress was then protected by a double-moat.
In 1341, the lords of Faucigny once again returned the fortress to Humbert de Choulex. The construction of the stonework structure whose ruins remain today took place in subsequent years, probably under the leadership of the knight Nicod de Ferney. He inherited the estate in 1345 from Humbert who did not have any children.
The stone walls did not hold for long against the invaders from Savoy. In 1355, the troops of Amadeus, nicknamed the Green Count, conquered Rouelbeau Castle and the area was integrated in the County of Savoy. Thus, the castle lost much of its strategic importance after just less than half a century and it was apparently turned into a prison.
The estate continued to be owned by the house of Ferney until 1420, when it became the property of the barons of Genève-Lullin through marriage. They apparently used it as a hunting lodge.
Modern times
After the end of the medieval era the decay of the building just accelerated. When Geneva joined the Protestant Reformation in 1536 and declared itself an independent republic, its allies from Bern and Valais rallied their troops to support the Protestant separatists in their armed struggle against the Savoyard dominance. Rouelbeau suffered damages during combat in that context. Following the 1564 Treaty of Lausanne Meinier was jointly administered by the Republic of Geneva and the Dukes of Savoy for more than two centuries.
After the death of the last member of the house of Genève-Lullin in 1664 Rouelbeau was taken over by Claude-Alexandre de Fauchier, Baron de l'Etoile. His son sold it 19 years later to Jacques de Loys, the lord of Bonnevaux and owner of the nearby hamlet of Merlinge. However, the buildings kept on crumbling down for the next century. In 1793, another aristocrat, François Carron, inherited the ruins, but was expropriated after the French invasion of 1798. The state subsequently leased the estate to a number of individuals. The site basically served as a quarry during the course of the 19th century. Contemporary illustrations show that it also became a popular destination for the urban population of Geneva on day vacations. From 1915 onwards the marshes of Rouelbeau were systematically drained by channeling the Seymaz in order to counter the rural depopulation in the area. In 1921, the ruins were inscribed into the very first cantonal registry of historical monuments as the last traces of a medieval castle in the canton altogether. However, they remained basically unprotected from the forces of nature and were overgrown by trees during the course of the 20th century.
The renaissance of Rouelbeau started in 2000 with the land restoration of the Seymaz marsh. The project triggered archaeological excavations and preservation measures by the Cantonal Archaeological Services, which discovered evidence of the wooden construction underneath the stone walls as well as a papal bull by Innocent IV. The works started in 2001 and lasted for twelve years. Based on 3D-photography of the area, a miniature model of the ruins was made from bronze, which in addition to numerous info plates provides the visitors with an overview.
The site was opened to the public again in September 2016 with a two-day festival which saw many participants performing medieval reenactments in costumes, including a group of women from Meinier who dressed up as "White Ladies".
Popular myths and legends
"The White Lady of Rouelbeau"
A popular legend has been associated for centuries with the ruins. It centers around a woman without a name, supposedly the first wife of Humbert de Choulex, the first lord of the castle. He reportedly repudiated her when she did not give birth to a son. According to the saga, she has been haunting the area as a White Lady. Proponents of the legend argue that the ghost has been linked to the disappearance of people and deaths from unexplained causes, and that Christmas Eve is her preferred timing. It is alleged that on some occasion, the whole castle, along with its former inhabitants, was resurrected in its old glory for the night. La Dame Blanche herself is said to be of striking beauty and wearing a diadem.
In a version from 1870, which was published in 1902, a certain Jean Bahut told the story that he went out to the castle ruins on Christmas Eve as a sixteen-year-old during the French occupation of Geneva at the beginning of the 19th century to shoot some wild animals for dinner with his widowed and impoverished mother. He was hit by an ice-cold breath of air which made him shudder, his blood clot and his hair stand on end. In the darkness a white shadow came out of the tower uttering hollow groans. It touched him and disappeared. The young man tried to flee, but could not lift his feet from the ground. While the White Lady rewarded his commitment to his mother with a treasure of gold and silver, she punished his wealthy and greedy relative one year later in a deadly way by tricking and locking him into the vaults.
A dirt road through the fields next to the ruins is named Chemin de la Dame Blanche. In addition, a street about one kilometer to the North of the ruins bears the name Chemin de la Dame, a bus stop at its junction with the main street is called Vésenaz, La Dame. Some two and a half kilometers to the South in the municipality of Vandœuvres another street is named Chemin de la Blanche. The neighbouring municipality of Choulex still bears the name of the family, whose lineage Humbert as the first lord of the castle was from and which was first mentioned in a document almost nine hundred years ago as Cholay.
In late September 2019, the Geneva Chamber Orchestra performed a series of five live-concerts in the inner court of the castle ruins. The collaboration by four Geneva-born and/or -based artists, included a video installation and was titled Who is Afraid of the White Lady? ().
"The Black Cat of Rouelbeau"
A second legend that has been associated with the ruins centers around a black tomcat - le chat noir - with fluorescent eyes. He is said to roam around the marsh on foggy days just before nightfall. Residents of the area feared him for sudden assaults with his razor-sharp claws which would tear his victims apart. Some would claim that it was the devil himself, who could only be fended off by dealing him one firm blow with a heavy club. However, they warned against dealing a second beating as a coup de grace, since the tomcat would in that case only recover its full power to throw its victim into hell.
The saga may be seen in the context of a troubling incident from 1567: during that year, the brothers Claude and Jenon Dexert, who lived at the fringes of the swamp, were accused of witchcraft. They confessed under torture to having consulted the devil and were executed. The black tomcat is supposedly their avenging angel.
Galleries
Photographs by Frédéric Boissonnas from 1922
Photographs from 2020
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Meinier
Choulex
House of Savoy
External links
Story by Swiss TV channel RTS 1 from 12 March 2014 (in French)
"Bâtie-Rouelbeau - Un château au coeur du marais" - official website of the historical site, including animated reconstruction (in French)
"Qui a Peur de la Dame Blanche?" - video recording of the concert from September 2019 on vimeo
Notes and references
Notes
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Geneva
Castles in the canton of Geneva
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Air marshal (abbreviated as AIRMSHL) is the second highest active rank of the Royal Australian Air Force and was created as a direct equivalent of the British Royal Air Force rank of air marshal, it is also considered a three-star rank. The rank is held by the Chief of Air Force (CAF), and when the Vice Chief of the Defence Force (VCDF), the Chief of Joint Operations (CJOPS) and/or the Chief of the Capability Development executive (CCDE) are Air Force officers.
Air marshal is a higher rank than air vice-marshal and is lower than air chief marshal. It is a direct equivalent of vice admiral in the Royal Australian Navy and lieutenant general in the Australian Army.
The insignia is two light blue bands (each on a slightly wider black band) over a light blue band on a black broad band.
The Australian Air Corps adopted the RAF rank system on 9 November 1920 and this usage was continued by its successor, the Royal Australian Air Force. However, the rank of air marshal was not used by the Australian Armed Forces until 1940 when Richard Williams, a RAAF officer, was promoted.
See also
Air force officer rank insignia
Australian Defence Force ranks and insignia
List of Australian air marshals
Ranks of the RAAF
References
Royal Australian Air Force
Military ranks of Australia
Air force ranks
Sanjana Singh is Indian film actress based in Mumbai, India. she appears in Tamil language various films and movies. She made her debut in the critically acclaimed 2009 film Renigunta.
Career
She made her début in the critically acclaimed 2009 film Renigunta, directed by Paneerselvam. A critic from The Hindu noted that "an understated yet powerful performance comes from Sanjana Singh, who plays the role of a sex worker forced into the profession by her husband. Her spontaneity and perfection in lip sync for the Telugu-influenced-Tamil accent shows that here's one Mumbai import, who goes beyond glamour and is worth looking out for." She was next seen as a Telugu woman in a special appearance in the film Ko, featuring alongside several actors in the song "Aga Naga".
In 2010, she signed on to appear in the films Marupadiyum Oru Kadhal, Veyilodu Vilayadu and Mayanginen Thayanginen in item numbers. She will be seen in the crime thriller Yaarukku Theriyum with Harish Raj. She will be seen in Thappu Thalangal, directed by Adhiyaman, and Kadhal Padhai as the second wife of the character portrayed by Thalaivasal Vijay. Her most high-profile releases will be Rendavathu Padam. She is also on SUN TV in Grammathil Oru Naal.
Filmography
All films are in Tamil, unless otherwise noted the language.
References
External links
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Living people
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Indian film actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Somme-Leuze. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Somme-Leuze
Somme-Leuze
Burnham Overy Staithe Windmill is a Grade II* listed building tower mill at Burnham Overy Staithe, Norfolk, England which has been converted to holiday accommodation.
History
Burnham Overy Staithe Mill was built in 1816 for Edmund Savory, a miller who was running a watermill on the River Burn known as the Lower Mill. Savory worked the mill until his death on 9 February 1827, when it passed to his son John.
John Savory worked the mill until his death on 27 September 1863, and the mill passed to his son, also named John. In 1869, a law was passed that all trade horses should be licensed. John Savory was convicted in 1870 and fined £5 for having one more horse than he held a licence for. He was again convicted in 1873 and fined £5 for the same offence. The mill was offered for sale by auction on 23 June 1888 at the Norfolk Hotel, Norwich. The premises comprising a steam mill powered by a steam engine driving four pairs of millstones, the watermill driving three pairs of millstones and the windmill, also driving three pairs of millstones. As well as the mills there were a 25-coomb maltings, granaries and various other farm buildings, together with over of land. The lot was unsold, and Savory worked the mill until 1900 when it was sold to Sidney Dewing. In 1910, the mill was sold to Sidney Everett, a maltster of Wells-next-the-Sea. In 1914, the mill was tailwinded. It was last worked in 1919.In 1926, the mill was sold to Hugh Hughes, an architect from Grantchester, Cambridgeshire. Hughes had the mill, which had been stripped of machinery by this time, converted to holiday accommodation.
In 1957, restoration work was carried out by Thompson's, the Alford, Lincolnshire millwrights. A new cap with a gallery, stocks and sails were fitted and the stage was replaced. The mill was given to the National Trust in 1958. In December 1978, the National Trust published plans to restore the mill to working order. This would have involved making the cap able to turn into wind, and the provision of new internal machinery and the conversion of associated building to a shop, along with the provision of car parking facilities. There was opposition from local people, although West Norfolk District Council were in favour of the plans. They were directed by Norfolk County Council to refuse the application due to the inadequate highway in the locality which did not have the capacity to cope with large numbers of visitors. The mill was renovated internally to meet fire safety regulations in 1981. The sails and stocks were removed in 1983 for replacement. Two new long stocks of Jamaican Pitch pine were fitted on 17 July 1985, and four new sails the following day. The new stocks and sails cost £26,500.
Description
Burnham Overy Staithe Mill is a six-storey tower mill with an ogee cap with gallery. The cap is winded by a fantail and the four Double Patent sails of 12 bays are carried on a cast-iron windshaft. The windshaft also carries a wooden clasp arm brake wheel. It drove three pairs of millstones.
Millers
Edmund Savory 1816–27
John Savory 1827–63
John Savory, Jr 1863–1900
Sidney Dewing 1900–10
Sidney Everitt 1910–21
Public access
Burnham Overy Staithe Mill is available as a holiday let on a self-catering basis.
In popular culture
The silo in the 2014 anime film When Marnie Was There is based on the Burnham Overy Staithe Windmill.
References
Windmills in Norfolk
Grade II* listed buildings in Norfolk
National Trust properties in Norfolk
Tower mills in the United Kingdom
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Windmills completed in 1816
North Norfolk
Grade II* listed windmills
1816 establishments in England
Severin Ahlqvist (15 September 1877 – 4 April 1946) was the first world champion in wrestling from Denmark. He won a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling at the 1904 World Championships. Domestically he held the Danish middleweight title in 1901–1902 and 1904.
Ahlqvist was born to Swedish parents. He was an electrician by profession.
References
1877 births
1946 deaths
Danish male sport wrestlers
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Edward Banks JP (1817 – 2 May 1866) was an English architect based in Wolverhampton.
Life
He was a pupil of Charles Fowler. He worked in partnership with George Bidlake for a short period.
As well as being an architect, he served as a town councillor in Wolverhampton and was a member of the Public Works Committee. He additionally served as a Magistrate.
He died on 2 May 1866.
Works
School of Art and Design, Wolverhampton
Cattle Market, Wolverhampton
Royal Hospital, Wolverhampton
Compton Hall, Wolverhampton 1845
St Nicholas' Church, Codsall, Staffordshire 1846 - 1848
Queen's Building, Wolverhampton 1849
St Matthew's Church, Wolverhampton 1849
Holy Trinity Church, Heath Town 1850 - 1852
All Saints' Church, Catfield, Norfolk 1852
Houses in Brickkiln Street, Wolverhampton 1853
St Paul's Church, Coven, Staffordshire 1857
St Milburger's Church, Beckbury 1857
St John's Church, Stretton nave and transepts rebuild 1860
Mander Brothers works, John Street, Wolverhampton rebuilt about 1860
St Andrew's Church, Wolverhampton 1865
Christ Church, Wolverhampton 1867
St Andrew's Church, Chinnor
References
1817 births
1866 deaths
19th-century English architects
Architects from Staffordshire
People from Wolverhampton
Ljusdals IP is a sports venue in Ljusdal. It is the home of Ljusdals BK and was the Bandy World Cup venue until 2008, when the tournament moved indoors.
References
Bandy venues in Sweden
Sport in Ljusdal
Flexible Macroblock Ordering or FMO is one of several error resilience tools defined in the Baseline profile of the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC video compression standard.
Description
One of the characteristics of the H.264/AVC standard is the possibility of dividing an image into regions called slices, each of which contains a sequence of macroblocks and can be decoded independently of other slices. These macroblocks are processed in a scan order, normally left to right, beginning at the top. A frame can be composed of a single slice, or multiple slices for parallel processing and error-resilience, because errors in a slice only propagate within that slice.
Flexible Macroblock Ordering enhances this by allowing macroblocks to be grouped and sent in any direction and order, and can be used to create shaped and non-contiguous slice groups. This way, FMO allows more flexibly deciding what slice macroblocks belong to, in order to spread out errors and keep errors in one part of the frame from compromising another part of the frame. FMO builds on top of another error-resilience tool, Arbitrary slice ordering, because each slice group can be sent in any order and can optionally be decoded in order of receipt, instead of in the usual scan order.
Individual slices still have to be continuous horizontal regions of macroblocks, but with FMO's slice groups, motion compensation can take place within any contiguous macroblocks through the entire group; effectively, each slice group is treated as one or more contiguous shaped slices for the purposes of motion compensation.
Nearly all video codecs allow Region of Interest coding, in which specific macroblocks are targeted to receive more or less quality, the canonical example being a newscaster's head being given a higher ratio of bits than the background. FMO's primary benefit when combined with RoI coding is the ability to prevent errors in one region from propagating into another region. For example, if a background slice is lost, the background may be corrupted for some time but the newscaster's face will not be affected, and it becomes simpler to send regular refreshes of the most important slice to make up for any errors there.
Slices used with FMO are not static, and can change as circumstances change, such as tracking a moving object. A structure called the MBAmap maps each macroblock to a slice group, and can be updated at any time, with a few default patterns defined, such as Slice Interleaving (groups alternate every scanline) or Scattered Slices (groups alternate every block). With these patterns, FMO allows one retain a better localized visual context so that error-concealment algorithms can reconstruct missing content.
Certain advanced encoding techniques can simulate some of FMO's benefits. In H.264/AVC, P (predicted) and B (bipredicted) frames may contain I (intra) blocks, which store independent picture. Rather than create a slice in order to periodically refresh entirely with I or IDR frames, I-blocks can be sent in any desired pattern while predicted blocks make up the rest of the picture. Although errors will still propagate horizontally, I-blocks can be sent in patterns, such as favoring a region of interest or a scattered checkerboard, to simulate shaped slice refreshes. With bidirectional communication to the client, lost slices can be refreshed as soon as detected, but this is not feasible for wider broadcast.
Tradeoffs
FMO is only allowed within the Baseline and Extended profiles. The much more common Constrained Baseline, Main, and all High profiles do not support it, and software that can create or decode it is rare. Some videoconferencing units use it; otherwise, the JM reference software is the primary support.
Using multiple slices per picture always lowers coding efficiency, and FMO can further impact it. The more spread out the slices are, the worse it becomes, with checkerboard patterns (see Scattered Slices below) being the worst. The goals of spreading out errors and coding efficiency are directly in conflict. FMO allows to inter prediction for immediate neighboring slices in the same group, effectively making a contiguous region nearly act like a single slice; in some situations, where slice groups are shaped into a Region of Interest, it can actually slightly improve efficiency over simple standard slices, but the benefit is rare and small. Due to this, FMO should only be used where packet losses are common and expected.
Aside from increased complexity in encoding and decoding, and lower efficiency, in-loop deblocking also creates a problem: Slices can be sent in any order, but the deblocker requires all . Either the deblocker has to run in multiple passes whenever another slice is received, or an entire picture needs to be buffered before beginning the deblocking, possibly creating additional latency if slices are delayed long enough that the next picture's slices start coming in first.
Implementation details
When using FMO, the image can be divided in different scan patterns of the macroblocks, with several built-in patterns defined in the spec, signaled as 0-5 in the unit slice_group_map_type, and one option to include an entire explicitly assigned MBAmap, signaled as 6. The map type and a new MBAmap can be sent at any time.
Interleaved slice groups, type 0: Every row is a different slice, alternating as many times as slice groups. Only horizontal prediction vectors are allowed.
Scattered or dispersed slice groups, type 1: Every macroblock is a different slice. With two slice groups, it creates a checkerboard pattern; four or more groups also interleave rows, and with six slice groups, no macroblock will ever touch another from the same slice group in any direction, maximizing error concealment opportunities. No vector prediction is possible.
Foreground groups, type 2: Specifying only the top-left and bottom-right of static rectangles to create regions of interest. All areas not covered are assigned to a final group. Vector prediction is possible within each rectangle and within the background. The behavior of overlapping rectangles is undefined, but in the reference software the last slice group to define it is used.
Changing groups, types 3-5: Similar to type 2, but dynamic types that grow and shrink in a cyclic way. Only the growth rate, the direction and the position in the cycle have to be known.
Explicit groups, type 6: An entire MBAmap is transmitted with groups arranged in any way the encoder wishes. Vector prediction is possible within any contiguous regions of the same group.
(In the above image, "Type 0" shows standard H.264 slices, not interleaved slice groups.)
References
Video
Kessleria brachypterella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in France and Spain.
The length of the forewings is 7-7.3 mm for males and 5.6–6 mm for females. The forewings are brownish grey with whitish scales. The hindwings are greyish brown. Adults have been recorded in August.
References
Moths described in 1992
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
Bredell is one of the easternmost suburbs of Kempton Park, in Gauteng province, South Africa. It was the site of the Bredell land occupation in 2001.
References
Suburbs of Kempton Park, Gauteng
KMIT (105.9 FM, "Hot Country 105.9") is a radio station licensed to serve Mitchell, South Dakota. The station is owned by Saga Communications of South Dakota, LLC. It airs a country music format.
The station was assigned the KMIT call letters by the Federal Communications Commission.
Ownership
In April 2001, Saga Communications Inc. reached a deal to acquire KMIT and KGGK (now known as KUQL) from Mitchell Broadcasting Ltd. for a reported $4.05 million.
Honors
In February 2005, KMIT sports director Tim Smith and John Papendick of the Aberdeen American News were named sportscaster and sportswriter of the year, respectively, in South Dakota.
KMIT-HD2
KMIT airs an adult contemporary format on its HD2 subchannel, branded as "More 95.5" (simulcast on translator K238BA 95.5 FM Mitchell).
KMIT-HD3
KMIT aired a sports format with programming from ESPN Radio on its HD3 subchannel, branded as "ESPN 103.5" (simulcast on translator K278BJ 103.5 FM Mitchell. On August 20, 2018, KMIT-HD3/K278BJ changed their format from sports to oldies, branded as "Pure Oldies 103.5".
Translators
In addition to the main station, KMIT's HD2 & HD3 subchannels are relayed on the following translators:
References
External links
KMIT official website
MIT
Country radio stations in the United States
Mitchell, South Dakota
Davison County, South Dakota
Mitchell, South Dakota micropolitan area
Mass media in the Mitchell, South Dakota micropolitan area
Nakazukh (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Sogratlinsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 136 as of 2010.
Geography
Nakazukh is located 31 km southwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Batikh River. Batsada and Shulani are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Tigre Hank (born 30 September 1991 in Tijuana) is a Mexican tennis player. Hank has a career high ATP singles ranking of 416, achieved on 23 November 2015. Hank made his ATP main draw debut at the 2014 Abierto Mexicano Telcel, where he lost in the first round to Sam Querrey in three sets. He has represented his country in four separate Davis Cup ties, most recently in 2015 against Chile. His father is businessman Jorge Hank Rhon.
External links
1991 births
Living people
Mexican male tennis players
Sportspeople from Tijuana
Louisiana Highway 139 (LA 139) is a state highway located in northeastern Louisiana. It runs in a north–south direction from U.S. Highway 80 (US 80) in Monroe to the junction of US 165, US 425, LA 2, and LA 593 in Bastrop.
The route is one of two connecting Monroe and Bastrop, the seats of Ouachita Parish and Morehouse Parish, respectively. It runs parallel to US 165 and traverses the eastern suburbs of Monroe, skirting the east bank of Bayou DeSiard. North of Swartz, LA 139 travels through rural surroundings until reaching Bastrop, where it serves as the main north–south thoroughfare on the south side of town.
LA 139 was designated in the 1955 Louisiana Highway renumbering from a portion of former State Route 14. It also served as the original alignment of US 165 from 1926 until its re-routing in 1937. As originally designated, LA 139 continued north from Bastrop to the Arkansas state line along the pre-1955 State Route 204. In 1989, this portion was transferred to the newly created US 425, shortening the route of LA 139 by almost .
Route description
From the south, LA 139 begins at a junction with US 80, continuing the route of DeSiard Street outside of the Monroe city limits. LA 139 heads northeast on Old Bastrop Road as an undivided four-lane highway with a center turning lane through the Lakeshore suburb situated along Bayou DeSiard. After a short distance, the local name changes to Lincoln Road until reaching an area known as Frizzell Spur, where the center lane is discontinued. LA 139 continues northeast through Swartz as the suburban development becomes more sparse and intersects LA 594. Here, the highway narrows to two lanes, and the surroundings become increasingly rural. later, LA 139 curves northward and begins a concurrency with LA 134, which connects with Oak Ridge to the east. After less than , LA 134 departs to the west toward Fairbanks, and LA 139 crosses Little Bayou Boeuf from Ouachita Parish into Morehouse Parish.
In Morehouse Parish, LA 139 becomes known as Old Monroe Road and intersects LA 554 (Perryville Road), connecting with the nearby small communities of Collinston and Perryville. later, LA 139 enters the Bastrop city limits at Naff Avenue and continues onto South Washington Street. Widening again to an undivided, four-lane highway, LA 139 intersects LA 593 (Collinston Road), and the two highways proceed into town concurrently. Soon after crossing underneath the Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi Railroad (ALM) line, LA 139/LA 539 transitions onto the one-way couplet of South Franklin Street (northbound) and South Washington Street (southbound) in the downtown area, effectively becoming a divided four-lane highway. Over the next three blocks, the highway passes the Morehouse Parish jail and sheriff's office complexes before reaching the city's courthouse square. This marks the northern terminus of LA 139 and consists of a junction with the concurrent US 165/LA 2, which passes through town on the one-way couplet of Jefferson Avenue (eastbound) and Madison Avenue (westbound). Additionally, US 425 follows US 165/LA 2 eastward from the courthouse square and continues the route of LA 139 northward, briefly maintaining the concurrency with LA 593. The various routes intersecting in the center of Bastrop connect to such nearby communities as Mer Rouge, Oak Ridge, and Sterlington.
Route classification and data
LA 139 is classified by the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development (La DOTD) as an urban minor arterial from Monroe to Swartz and within Bastrop. The middle portion of the route is classified as a rural major collector. Daily traffic volume in 2013 peaked at 18,100 vehicles in the suburbs northeast of Monroe and 10,900 vehicles in Bastrop. The rural portions of the route averaged between 3,100 and 4,800 vehicles daily. The posted speed limit is generally in rural areas, reduced to between Monroe and Swartz and to in Bastrop.
History
In the original Louisiana Highway system in use between 1921 and 1955, LA 139 was part of State Route 14. Five years after its designation, Route 14 was chosen as the alignment of US 165 between Alexandria and the Arkansas state line when the U.S. Highway system was implemented in 1926. Route 14 remained entirely co-signed with US 165 until the latter was moved onto a newer alignment between Monroe and Bastrop in 1937. When the Louisiana Department of Highways renumbered the state highway system in 1955, unnecessary concurrencies between state and U.S. highways were eliminated. Only the portion of Route 14 no longer concurrent with US 165 retained a separate state designation, as LA 139.
With the 1955 renumbering, the state highway department initially categorized all routes into three classes: "A" (primary), "B" (secondary), and "C" (farm-to-market). This system has since been updated and replaced by a more specific functional classification system.
As the original route description indicates, LA 139 once extended northward from Bastrop to the Arkansas state line en route to Hamburg. This alignment made up the entirety of pre-1955 State Route 204 and was part of LA 139 from the 1955 renumbering until being transferred to the newly designated US 425 in 1989. This shortened the designation of LA 139 by almost .
Major intersections
See also
Notes
References
External links
Maps / GIS Data Homepage, Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development
0139
Transportation in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana
Transportation in Morehouse Parish, Louisiana
This is a list of properties and districts in Walton County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Georgia (U.S. state)
References
Walton
Walton County, Georgia
The Australian Derby is a harness racing event held for 3 year old pacers which has been shared between many of Australia's premier tracks and is currently held annually at Launceston in Tasmania. The 2007 version was won by Lombo Pocket Watch.
The Australian Derby differs from other Derbies as it is not organised by a state controlling body but the national body.
It is in a similar vein to the Australian Pacing Championship, in that it is not a state specific event.
Harness races in Australia
Koppa is a panchayat town in Chikkamagaluru district in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is the headquarters of Koppa sub-district. Koppa is located at .
Demographics
India census, Koppa town had a population 4,993. Males constituted 49.2% of the population and females 50.8%. Koppa had an average literacy rate of 86.4%, higher than the national average of 74.04%: male literacy was 88%, and female literacy was 84.8%. In Koppa, 8.9% of the population was under 6 years of age.
Transport
Koppa is well connected by road to various cities like Shimoga, Chikmagalur and Udupi.The nearest railway stations are Shivamogga(74 km), Bhadravati(70 km) and Udupi(87 km).
The nearest airport is Mangalore International Airport(129 km).
Tourism
Hariharapura :It is about 10 km from Koppa.Here,Sri Sharada Laxminarasimha Peetam was established by Sri Adi Shankaracharya on the banks of river Tunga.
Meruti Gudda:It is about 45 km from Koppa town.It is the 6th highest peak in karnataka.It is located near Basarikatte village.
Shakatapuram:It is also known by the name Bhandigadi.It is known for a Hindu Math called Shri Vidya Peetam.It is about 17 km from Koppa.
Kuppalli:It is 11 km from Koppa town.It is famous for being birthplace and childhood home of the renowned Kannada poet Kuvempu.
References
Cities and towns in Chikkamagaluru district
Hill stations in Karnataka
Sauerkraut candy is a type of coconut fudge dessert in the United States. It looks like sauerkraut and is made with shreds of grated coconut in "tawny sugary fudge". It is made with milk, brown sugar, butter, vanilla and grated coconut. Coconut fudges came to be referred to as sauerkraut candy, perhaps because the same cutters used to shred cabbage for sauerkraut were used.
References
American confectionery
Raouf Abdou (born 1 December 1981) is an Egyptian modern pentathlete. He competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1981 births
Living people
Modern pentathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Egyptian male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Egypt
Sportspeople from Cairo
Alexander zu Dohna-Schlobitten may refer to:
Alexander zu Dohna-Schlobitten (1661–1728), Prussian field marshal and diplomat
Alexander zu Dohna-Schlobitten (1899–1997), German soldier, businessman and author
Büren Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Büren an der Aare in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The castle was built in 1621-24 as the residence of the Bernese Landvogt over the area. It was built on the site of four farm houses. Between 1624 and the 1798 French invasion a total of 77 Landvogts lived in the castle. Some of the bullet scars from the troops that invaded in 1798 are still visible on the castle walls. Today the castle is home to the municipal administration and government offices. In 2003 the 17th century murals and other art were restored to their original appearance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Ajas is a village in Jammu and Kashmir, India.
AJAS or Ajas may refer to:
People
Christophe Ajas (born 1972), French footballer
Other uses
Adelaide Japanese Animation Society
African Journal of Aquatic Science
American Journal of Applied Sciences
American Journal of Arabic Studies
American Junior Academy of Sciences, a program of the National Association of the Academics of Science
Arkansas Junior Academy of Science
Asian-Australasian Journal of Animal Sciences
Association of Jewish Aging Services
Australasian Journal of American Studies
See also
AIAS (disambiguation)
Aja (disambiguation), for "Ajas" as plural of "Aja"
The 2021 European Truck Racing Championship was a motor-racing championship using highly tuned tractor units. It was the 37th year of the championship. A seven round calendar was announced on November 17, 2020, which was slated to begin May 22, 2021 at the Misano World Circuit in Italy and conclude with October 3 at the Circuito del Jarama in Spain. However, due to continued restrictions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the round at Misano was postponed to the end of the season, moving the round at the Hungaroring in Hungary on June 12 as the first race of the season.
For the 2021 season, began a program promoting energy sustainability by having all competitors use biodiesel, making it the first FIA sanctioned series to utilize 100% sustainable fuel sources. TotalEnergies became the exclusive fuel provider for the series and provided competitors with Hydrotreated vegetable oil as fuel.
Norbert Kiss won his third championship in the series, while Shane Brereton took his second victory in the Goodyear Cup.
Calendar
A 7 round championship was announced on November 17, 2020. The Slovakia Ring fell off the schedule after having appeared in several previous seasons. The original schedule was slated to begin at the Misano World Circuit, but was postponed, leaving the Hungaroring as the opening round.
The round at the Nürburgring was expanded to hold 6 races instead of the standard 4 race formats, with 3 races held each day between July 17 and 18. However, the event was cancelled days before it was scheduled due to major infrastructure damage in the surrounding area caused by severe flooding.
Teams and drivers
The following table lists all teams and drivers who competed during the 2021 season.
Results and Standings
Season Summary
Drivers standings
At each race, points are awarded to the top ten classified finishers using the following structure:
Race 2 cancelled due to barrier damage caused by an accident on lap 1.
External links
References
2021 European Truck Racing Championship
2021 in motorsport
Truck Racing
Steven Leslie Kagen (born December 12, 1949) is an American politician and physician who was the U.S. representative for from 2007 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was defeated in his bid for re-election in 2010 by Reid Ribble, who succeeded him on January 3, 2011. The district is located in the northeastern part of the state and includes Green Bay and Appleton.
Early life and education
Kagen was born on December 12, 1949 in Appleton, Wisconsin. After graduating from Appleton East High School, Kagen attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where he earned a degree in molecular biology, with honors. Kagen then entered medical school, and later trained at both Northwestern University in Chicago, Illinois and the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee. He is board certified in internal medicine; allergy, asthma and immunology; and diagnostic laboratory immunology.
Kagen's father, Marv, also a doctor, was an unsuccessful Democratic Congressional candidate in 1966. The younger Kagen performed volunteer work for his father's campaign and cited his father's campaign as a major factor in his interest in politics.
Medical career
Kagen founded four medical clinics in Appleton, Green Bay, Fond du Lac, and Oshkosh.
Before his election, he also served as an assistant clinical professor at the Medical College of Wisconsin. He served for seven years as the allergy consultant to CNN.
U.S. House of Representatives
Committee assignments
Agriculture Committee
Subcommittee on Department Operations, Oversight, Nutrition and Forestry
Subcommittee on Livestock, Dairy, and Poultry
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation
Subcommittee on Highways and Transit
Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment
Political positions
Kagen supported and voted for the 911 Commission Recommendations Act, the Minimum Wage increase, the SCHIP Children's Health Bill, the "Pay As You Go" Bill, campaign and lobbying reforms, oversight of FISA warrants and terror surveillance. He is a cosponsor of the Pharmaceutical Market Access and Drug Safety Act (H.R.380). This legislation would allow the importation of drugs from Canada for personal use and from an importer registered by the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. Kagen is also a cosponsor of the Medicare Prescription Drug Price Negotiation Act of 2007 (H.R. 4) and voted in favor of its passage in the U.S. House of Representatives in January 2007. The U.S. Senate has yet to consider this measure. Kagen has voted for all military appropriations bills, and authored a bill, the Rural Veterans Mental Health Improvement Act (H.R. 4231), which would expand mental health coverage for veterans.
"No Patient Left Behind"
The predominant legislative issue Kagen stressed during his 2006 campaign was an initiative he called "No Patient Left Behind." This proposal provides for open disclosure of all health care-related prices, unitary pricing where every citizen pays the same amount for the same product or service, a single insurance risk pool to leverage down insurance and prescription drug prices, set deductibles at 3% of a household's federal taxable income, and provide coverage to all children and working adults.
Kagen declined to participate in the Congressional health care plan until all Americans had access to affordable health care. In a post on the Daily Kos, Kagen said, "I did not run for this office to get health care benefits."
Gas Price Relief for Consumers Act of 2008
On May 15, 2008, legislation sponsored by Kagen titled "To amend the Sherman Act to make oil-producing and exporting cartels illegal and for other purposes" (H.R.6074) was introduced before the House. On May 19, 2008, the House overwhelmingly decided in a 324-84 vote to approve this legislation, which allows the Justice Department to sue any foreign state that limits the production/distribution of oil or engages in price fixing.
Political campaigns
2006
On September 12, 2006, Kagen, a first time candidate, won the Democratic Party nomination for Wisconsin's 8th District. The seat had been left open by the four-term incumbent Republican, Mark Green, who unsuccessfully ran for Governor of Wisconsin. On November 7, Kagen narrowly defeated Wisconsin Assembly Speaker John Gard of Peshtigo in the most expensive Congressional race in Wisconsin history, a race dominated by attack ads, mainly created by third-party 527 issue ad groups, outside the control of the candidate or parties. Some of the issues where Kagen and Gard disagreed were President George W. Bush's direction in the Iraq War, stem-cell research, and tax policy.
Kagen's campaign advertised that Wisconsin doctors voted him one of the "best doctors in America". He promised to fight to ensure that every American could get affordable health care.
Before Kagen's congressional campaign, his allergy clinic sponsored pollen count and allergy reports on several local television stations which aired after their weather reports during the last few years.
Kagen won the 2006 election 51-49% against Gard and again defeated Gard in Brown County, home to Green Bay, in 2008. Kagen narrowly lost Gard's home county of Marinette. Kagen is the third Democrat to represent the 8th District since World War II.
2008
Kagen faced a rematch against Gard in 2008. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Leans Democratic'.<ref>U.S. House Wisconsin - 8th District CQ Politics</ref> Kagen won reelection, defeating Gard with 54% of the vote, becoming only the third Democrat to win a second term in this district in 92 years (it was known as the 9th district before 1933).
2010
Kagen was defeated by Republican nominee Reid Ribble on November 2, 2010.
2012
According to notes taken during a series of union endorsement interviews in January 2012 that were obtained by a local news reporter, Kagen strongly considered a run for the Democratic nomination to face Gov. Scott Walker in a recall election.
Controversies
FDA compliance question
Kagen received a letter from the FDA regarding a compliance issue with one of his allergy formulas. News reports stated Kagen was accused of "selling allergy shots without a valid license." The formulation was registered with the FDA during manufacture and distribution, but was re-classified under a new regulation and required a new application. The FDA accepted the allergy clinic's decision to no longer offer that particular formulation and the FDA ended its license question.
Politically incorrect comment
After attending a campaign event on the Oneida reservation, and then in Green Bay, Wisconsin on 20 October 2006, Kagen commented, in part:
Appreciate getting here almost on time. Our excuse in Oneida was, well, we're on Injun time. They don't tell time by the clock. Our excuse here is that I am a doctor and that we're never on time.
Kagen later apologized. The apology was accepted by the Oneida and other state tribes within two days.
Behavior at White House function
Kagen came under fire for a rumored comment at a November 13, 2006, White House function, after Appleton-area newspapers picked up on a story printed in an alternative paper, The Scene. According to the paper, Congressman-elect Kagen met presidential adviser Karl Rove in a bathroom and told him : "You recognize me? My name's Dr. Multimillionaire and I kicked your ass." The term "Dr. Multimillionaire" refers to the name "Dr. Millionaire" the Republican campaign used to refer to Kagen during the 2006 campaign. The Scene also said that the Congressman-elect thanked Vice President Cheney and President Bush for campaigning in Wisconsin for his opponent, telling them, "I couldn't have won without your help." It is reported that he then addressed First Lady Laura Bush as Barbara, saying "I learned on the campaign trail that the biggest insult you could do to another man is to call his wife by another name."
The White House officially denied the conversation took place, calling the story "ridiculous." Kagen talked to constituents about the reported verbal insults he delivered to the President and Mrs. Bush six days after the November election.
See also
List of Jewish members of the United States Congress
References
External links
Steve Kagen for Congress official campaign site''
Profile at SourceWatch
Kagen Allergy Clinic
1949 births
Jewish members of the United States House of Representatives
Living people
Politicians from Appleton, Wisconsin
Physicians from Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Wisconsin
21st-century American politicians
Appleton East High School alumni
21st-century American Jews
Ernest Butler (13 May 1919 – 31 January 2002) was an English footballer.
He signed for Portsmouth from Bath City and served in the Royal Navy during the Second World War and was a guest goalkeeper for Tranmere Rovers when stationed on Merseyside . Whilst at Portsmouth he won back-to-back Football League Championships.
References
Specific
External links
1919 births
2002 deaths
English footballers
Portsmouth F.C. players
English Football League players
People from Wiltshire
Association football goalkeepers
Royal Navy personnel of World War II
Adair County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,496. Its county seat is Greenfield.
History
Adair County was formed in 1851 from sections of Pottawattamie County. It was named for John Adair, a general in the War of 1812, and the eighth Governor of Kentucky.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 80
U.S. Highway 6
Iowa Highway 25
Iowa Highway 92
Adjacent counties
Guthrie County (north)
Madison County (east)
Union County (southeast)
Adams County (southwest)
Cass County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 7,496 in the county, with a population density of . 96.88% of the population reported being of one race. 92.89% were non-Hispanic White, 0.61% were Black, 2.48% were Hispanic, 0.25% were Native American, 0.31% were Asian, 0.03% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.43% were some other race or more than one race. There were 3,585 housing units of which 3,217 were occupied.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 7,682 people, 3,292 households, and 2,148 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 3,698 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.4% white, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.1% black or African American, 0.4% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 42.9% were German, 12.6% were Irish, 11.9% were English, 6.7% were Danish, and 6.4% were American.
Of the 3,292 households, 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.8% were non-families, and 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.84. The median age was 45.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $45,202 and the median income for a family was $57,287. Males had a median income of $38,638 versus $31,642 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,497. About 5.7% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.5% of those under age 18 and 11.4% of those age 65 or over.
Religion
, 67.9% of the population (5,597) had a declared religious affiliation, in every case Christian. The leading religious denomination was the United Methodist Church, with 23.6% of the population (1,944 members); second was the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, with 15.4% (1,268 members); third was the Roman Catholic church, with 12% of the population (1,003 members); and fourth was the Evangelical Lutheran church, with 11.8% of the population (978 members).
Education
The county is served by five school districts:
Nodaway Valley Community School District
Orient-Macksburg Community School District.
CAM Community School District
Adair–Casey Community School District.
West Central Valley Community School District
The schools in the Nodaway Valley Community School District are:
Nodaway Valley Elementary School
Nodaway Valley Middle School
Nodaway Valley High School.
The schools in the Orient-Macksburg Community School District are:
Orient-Macksburg Elementary School
Orient-Macksburg Middle School and High School.
The schools in the CAM Community School District are:
CAM North Elementary School
CAM South Elementary School
CAM Middle School
CAM High School
CAM Iowa Connections Academy Elementary
CAM Iowa Connections Academy Middle School
CAM Iowa Connections Academy High School
The schools in the Adair–Casey Community School District are:
Adair–Casey Elementary School
AC/GC Junior High School
Under a grade-sharing relationship with Guthrie Center Community School District, students attend AC/GC High School in Guthrie Center.
The schools in the West Central Valley Community School District are:
Dexter Elementary School
Stuart Elementary School
Redfield Middle School
Stuart High School
Communities
Cities
Adair
Bridgewater
Casey
Fontanelle
Greenfield
Orient
Stuart
Townships
Adair County is divided into sixteen townships:
Eureka
Grand River
Grove
Harrison
Jackson
Jefferson
Lee
Lincoln
Orient
Prussia
Richland
Summerset
Summit
Union
Walnut
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Adair County.
† county seat
Politics
The county was part of Iowa's 5th congressional district, which had a score of R+9 (strongly Republican) in the Cook Partisan Voting Index.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Adair County, Iowa
References
Further reading
()
()
External links
http://www.visitadaircounty.com
Populated places established in 1851
1851 establishments in Iowa
Roni Ben Ari (; born Halpern; 1947) is an Israeli photographer, curator and multi-disciplinary artist.
Early life and education
Roni Ben Ari was born 1947 in Ramat Gan to Miriam and Abraham Halpern, a textile industrialist (Halpern Textile Industries). She lives in Moshav Netaim, with her husband, Daniel Ben Ari. They have three daughters. Ben Ari is a graduate of the Beit Berl Academic College, the School of Journalism in Tel Aviv, and the College for Geographic Photography.
Early career
She worked as a news director and reporter at the Israel Broadcasting Authority, Educational Television, and Channel Two. In recent years she has been working as an independent photographer. Her work has been exhibited in solo and in group exhibitions in Israel and around the world and it can be found in museums as well as in private collections. Among the subjects Ben Ari has investigated is the Israeli heroine. Mira Ben Ari—an exemplary figure who became the symbol of the Women's Corp of the Israel Defense Forces and for women in general—who was killed in the battle of Kibbutz Nitzanim during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. The educational and heritage center at the Memorial to the Female Soldier, (located in old Nitzanim), was established in tribute to her spirit and legacy. Ben Ari is a founder and partner in the Bateva School educational program, a growing mainstreaming program that prepares children and youth with complicated learning disabilities for independent integration into society. She is also a shareholder in the Elyakim Ben Ari Company, a civil engineering company that executes national projects in Israel.
Artistic career
Ben Ari uses her photography to document social issues such as aging, homelessness, prostitution, minorities, and ecology. She mainly photographs people, but also their surrounding environment. Before she photographs them, Ben Ari first becomes close to her subjects by living with them. For example, the photographs for her project, Journey in Search of "Țigancă", were taken only after she had been living among the Romani for about a year. She began the project after the death of her mother who was born in Cluj-Napoka, Romania, a city that has historically had a large gypsy minority. In the project Till Their Voices Stop, Ben Ari lived in a nursing home. There, she photographed the fragile, elderly residents and recorded their voices, which she developed into in a video installation that was exhibited in the gallery of the College for Geographic Photography.
Awards
BLACK & WHITE magazine, single Image Contest 2018
Magnum Photography Awards 2017 – top 7% of all entries, impressive accomplishment 2017– HARIBAN AWARD 2017, Kyoto, Japan
The 5th Edition of the Jacob Riis for documentary Award, 2017
UNESCO Prize for Art and Society, honorable mention, 2017
Worldwide Photograph Gala Awards, first prize, Portrait Photography Category, 2013
China Digital Photography Museum of Lishui, prize for Processed Photograph, 2011
Julia Margaret Cameron Prize, Portrait Photography Category, 2011
UNESCO Humanity Photo Award, 2008
Ziv Prize for Television Journalism, 1988
Ben Ari is the honorary ambassador in Israel for the Romani Community, a title she received personally from the King of the Roma, Dorin Cioabă, following an exhibition of her photographs depicting gypsy daily life
Books
Father -Loom- Requiem (2012)
From the inner margins (2013)
Ladies in waiting (2017)
Ethiopia here (2017)
Faces (2017)
Ocean of garbage (2017)
Exhibitions
1998
Lag Be-Omer Ceremony, Mount Meiron, Eretz Israel Museum, Tel Aviv
2001
City Project, Kibbutz Gallery, Tel Aviv
2002
Love Conquers, Kibbutz Gallery, Tel Aviv
2006
Solo exhibition, Until Their Voices Stopped, Gallery of the College for Geographic Photography, Tel Aviv
2008
Permanent solo exhibition, Ethiopia Here, The Story of the Ethiopian Community, photos embedded on 12 concrete pillars, Park of the Communities, Petah Tikva
Light, FusionArts Museum, New York, NY
Border between Two Cities, Museum of Jaffa
2009
Artists Create and book launch for Israeli Artists Book, Sand Horses Gallery, Paris
Culture of the Kiosk/Gift of Memory, 53rd Biennale (Marx 7), Scalamata Gallery, Venice, Italy
Memoir L'avenir, Head Museum, Paris, France
Inside Israel, traveling exhibition in China commemorating the 60th Anniversary of the State of Israel, Museum of the Three Kings, Chunching, China
City of Refuge, Tel Aviv Biennale of Art, Hangar 2, Jaffa Port, Tel Aviv
2010
Photography about Painting, Galerie Mémoire de L'avenir, Paris, France
Two-person exhibition, Ma'agalot , Office in Tel Aviv (Alternative space for interdisciplinary art), Tel Aviv
201
Echo Phobia Art, Drap-Art Festival, Nakba Museum/CCCB Barcelona, Spain
Wabi Sabi, "Love Art Make Art", Studio and Gallery, Tel Aviv
Mapping, 54th Biennale, Gallery Living Art Gallery, Venice, Italy
Black, Fusion Arts Museum, New York, NY
2012
Solo exhibition, Loom-Father-Requiem, Galerie Vernon, Prague, Czech Republic
Dance Signs, Tina B. Fest, Prague, Czech Republic
Solo exhibition, Sea of Garbage, video work, screened on Mani House, Tel Aviv
I Was There, Water Tower Art Fest, Sofia, Bulgaria
Transformation, Hallway Gallery, Documenta 2012, Kassel, Germany
2013
Solo exhibition, Montzi, Gypsies in Cluj-Napoca, Art Museum of Cluj-Napoca, Romania
"At your place", Roof Gallery, Duisburg, Germany
Rainbow in a Sea of Garbage, Gask Museum of Contemporary Art, Kutná Hora, Czech Republic
My Eye/I, 92nd Street Y, New York, NY
2014
Solo exhibition, Home Is Where the Hurt Is, Galerie Mémoire de L'avenir, Paris, France
in between the lines, Art Gallery, Botanischer Garten, München-Nymphenburg, Germany
Woven Consciousness, Contemporary Textile in Israel, Eretz Israel Museum, Tel Aviv
2015
Adama, Second Biennale for Sculpture and Photography, Moshe Kastel Museum, Jerusalem
Solo exhibition, Journey in Search of "Țigancă, Museum of Israeli Art, Ramat Gan
Adama, Gallery of the Ahmedabad and Baroda University and National Gallery of Mumbai, India
I Live in the East and My Heart Is in the West, Fifty Years of Israel-German Relations, Pasinger Fabrik, Munich, Germany
2016
Solo exhibition, Drawing in Stone, Artists House, Munich, Germany
Solo exhibition, Central Museum of Textiles, The 15th International Triennial of Tapestry, Lodz, Poland
Solo exhibition, Micro Macro, Pardes Festival, Kazmierz Dolny, Poland
Tower of Babel, Schema Projects, Brooklyn, NY
2017
Signing event Foley Gallery, NY
Solo exhibition, Gallery Ryugaheon, Seoul, Korea
UNESCO –Art & Society, Solo exhibition at the World Humanities Conference. Bruges, Belgium
Bosom Bodies, SIA Gallery, NYC
16th DongGang International Photo Festival, Korea
2018
Solo exhibition, The International Photography Festival of PHOTO IS: RAEL
PhotoBook Show, Benaki Museum, Athens, Greece
Memory of the Future gallery, "can I call you madam?", Paris, France
Cuckoo's Nest gallery, "Beyond the mind", Jaffa, Israel
References
External links
"King of the Roma visits Israel" ynetnews, Itamar Eichner 07.05.15
Israeli women photographers
Israeli photographers
Israeli curators
Living people
21st-century Israeli women artists
People from Ramat Gan
Women curators
20th-century Israeli women artists
Beit Berl College alumni
1947 births
Yuri Lvovich Nuller () (28 August 1929 – 10 November 2003 in Saint-Petersburg) was a Soviet and Russian psychiatrist and professor. He spent many years investigating the problem of anxiety.
Early life
Yuri's father, Lev Moiseevich Nuller, a Soviet diplomat in France, was recalled from abroad with his family in 1938, arrested and executed by NKVD on 28 July 1941.
Career
In 1950 Yuri himself was arrested under the preposterous accusation that he had been recruited by France's secret service at the age of three. He was sentenced to 10 years in camps and freed only in 1955, two years after Stalin's death. Yuri went on with his studies, and in 1959 had graduated from the First Leningrad Medical Institute and started working at Svirsky mental hospital, a former Alexander-Svirsky Monastery and Svirlag concentration camp. After several months' work he became a head of the acute ward, and in two years defended a Ph.D. thesis, "A strategy for clinical trials of antidepressant drugs and its implementation in the trials of chloracizine and phenylethylhydrazine". In 1972 he upheld a thesis for a Doktor nauk degree, "Clinical investigations of antidepressant drugs".
Legacy
As a person, Yuri is remembered for his kindness, morality and superb intellectual qualities that put him in the ranks of Russian intelligentsia. He abstained from visible dissident activities, but befriended some dissidents known in the West. As a psychiatrist, Yuri Nuller was noted for his high professionalism. Novel psychotropic medications were introduced in his clinic, and he strived to create new treatment strategies, aiming primarily to relieve anxiety. His technique was christened a "Diazepam test": high doses of the drug were introduced acutely and the psychiatrist tried to interpret, judging on the changing anxiety level and the symptoms that became more prominent, what may have caused the disorder.
Yuri Nuller had more than 130 publications and became an author of two books. He was a thesis adviser, with two Ph.D. and five doctoral dissertations defended under his supervision. During the last 12 years of his life he was the head of a department at the St. Petersburg V. M. Bekhterev Psychoneurological Research Institute.
Bibliography
Нуллер Ю.Л. Депрессия и деперсонализация. ("Depression and depersonalisation") -Л., 1981
Нуллер Ю.Л., Михаленко И.Н. Аффективные психозы. ("Affective psychoses") Л.: Медицина, 1988.
References
External links
Works of Yuri Nuller in Russian.
1929 births
2003 deaths
Physicians from Saint Petersburg
Psychiatry academics
Russian psychiatrists
Soviet prisoners and detainees
Gulag detainees
The 1920 Boston College Eagles football team represented Boston College an independent during the 1920 college football season. Led by second-year head coach Frank Cavanaugh, Boston College compiled a record of 8–0. Cavanaugh hired Wesley Englehorn as an assistant for the year. Luke Urban was the team captain.
Schedule
References
Boston College
Boston College Eagles football seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Boston College Eagles football
1920s in Boston
Dialictus is a subgenus of sweat bees belonging to the genus Lasioglossum. Most of the members of this subgenus have a metallic appearance, while some are non-metallic. There are over 630 species worldwide. They are commonly found in the Northern Hemisphere and are found in abundance in North America. Members of this subgenus also have very diverse forms of social structure making them model organisms for studying the social behavior of bees.
Morphology
Members of Lasioglossum (Dialictus) are small, about 3.4–8.1 mm in size, and distinguished from other halictids by a strongly arched basal vein and weakened distal veins on the forewings. Distinguishing between some of the species in Lasioglossum (Dialictus) proves to be difficult due to their “monotonous” morphology and subtle differences. Some species have been named based on geographic distribution and ecological niche rather than using any distinguishing morphological features.
Molecular
Genetic barcoding has developed into a commonly used identification tool for taxonomists, though Lasioglossum (Dialictus) lacks a distinct barcode gap. In addition to this group's subtle morphological differences, this causes identifications to be misleading or difficult to ascertain.
Ecology
Solitary vs. communal
Though solitary bees such as Lasioglossum figueresi often live in proximity to each other, unlike communal bees, the nests of solitary bees are built by lone females. The female builds the nest and feeds her offspring without workers or help from other bees. Solitary bees often nest in the ground and tree bark. Solitary bees are important pollinators.
Communal bees live in groups of two or more females in a single nest, each of which reproduces and provisions independently.
Eusocial
Eusocial bees are those in which there are queens, which lay eggs, and workers, which either do not lay eggs, or lay them in much smaller numbers than the queen. Each social behavior is not necessarily exclusive for individual species of Lasioglossum. Some species in other subgenera have shown to exhibit social polymorphism depending on the climate of its habitat. In temperate climates, some female L. (Evylaeus) produce daughters that will remain unfertilized and help with foraging and care for the next generation of offspring. In colder climates, such as at a higher altitude, females of the same species will exhibit solitary behavior and all the daughters produced will be fertile. This is likely because with colder and shorter breeding seasons, the bee does not have enough time to produce two broods. In warmer climates with longer breeding seasons, having two broods, with the first brood caring for the second, can be more efficient.
Parasitic
A few Dialictus exhibit kleptoparasitism by laying their eggs in another species' brood cells.
References
Lasioglossum
Insect subgenera
Welge is an unincorporated community in Randolph County, Illinois, United States. Welge is northeast of Chester.
References
Unincorporated communities in Randolph County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
The women's 200 metres event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 10, 11 and 12 September 1979.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Wind:Heat 1: 0.0 m/s, Heat 2: 0.0 m/s, Heat 3: +0.3 m/s, Heat 4: +0.3 m/s
Semifinals
Wind:Heat 1: -0.4 m/s, Heat 2: -0.1 m/s
Final
Wind: +1.9 m/s
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Tamaqua may refer to:
Tamaqua, Pennsylvania, a borough in eastern Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
Tamaqua station, a disused railway station in Tamaqua, Pennsylvania
Tamaqua (Lenape chief), a Lenape chief who died in 1770
Tamaqua (YTB-797), a United States Navy Natick-class large harbor tug named for Tamaqua, Pennsylvania.
Early general elections were held in the Ottoman Empire in April 1912. Due to electoral fraud and brutal electioneering, which earned the elections the nickname Sopalı Seçimler ("Election of Clubs"), the ruling Committee of Union and Progress won 269 of the 275 seats in the Chamber of Deputies, whilst the opposition Liberal Entente (also known as the Freedom and Accord Party or the Liberal Union) only won six seats.
Background
The elections were announced in January 1912, after the CUP lost a by-election to the Entente in Istanbul in December 1911. The CUP had hoped early elections would thwart the efforts of the Entente to better organise itself. The CUP platform represented centralist tendencies, whilst the Entente promoted a more decentralised agenda, including supporting allowing education in local languages.
Campaign
Although the two main parties competing in the election, the Committee of Union and Progress (CUP) and the Liberal Entente, were largely secular in their political outlook, issues such as the Islamic religious piety of their candidates became sensationalised campaign topics. Seeing the potent amount of political capital to be gained by appealing to religion, as the Muslim vote was the most important in the Empire, both parties consistently accused one another of various other supposed offenses against Islamic tradition.
Entente members accused the CUP candidates of a "disregard for Islamic principles and values" and of "attempting to restrict the prerogatives of the sultan-caliph", despite the fact that many Entente members were quite progressive in their own lives and dealings. In return, the CUP, seeing that its previous policy of secular Ottomanism (Ottoman nationalism) was failing, turned to a similar line of Islamist rhetoric as the Entente in order to drum up support among the Muslims of the Empire; it accused the Entente of "weakening Islam and Muslims" by trying to separate the Ottoman sultan's office from the Caliphate. Although this accusation was almost identical to the one leveled by the Entente at the CUP itself, it was highly effective. The Entente retorted by claiming that the CUP, in its previous attempt to amend the constitution, was covertly trying to "denounce" and abolish the ritual fasting during the month of Ramadan and the five daily prayers.
Aftermath
The manner of the CUP's victory led to the formation of the Savior Officers, whose aim was to restore constitutional government. After gaining support from the army in Macedonia, the Officers demanded government reforms. Under pressure, the Grand Vizier Mehmed Said Pasha resigned. Sultan Mehmed V then appointed a new cabinet supported by the Officers and the Entente. On 5 August 1912, Mehmed V called for early elections. However, with the election underway in October, the outbreak of the Balkan Wars led to it being interrupted. Fresh elections were eventually held in 1914.
The CUP went to the polls in an electoral alliance with the Armenian Revolutionary Federation, but the alliance broke down after only 10 of its 23 candidates won seats due to a lack of support from the CUP.
See also
4th Chamber of Deputies of the Ottoman Empire
References
Ottoman Empire
Ottoman Empire
Elections in the Ottoman Empire
1912 in the Ottoman Empire
Squaliobarbinae is a small subfamily of the carp and minnow family, Cyprinidae, which consists of three monotypic genera which have their natural distributions in eastern Asia. Two species, the grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella) and the black carp (Mylopharyngodon piceus), have been introduced to other parts of the world for weed control and aquaculture. They are large cyprinids characterised by an enlarged subtemporal fossa, the palate articulating with the supraethmoid, an enlarged intercalar bone in the cranial vault, and a divided levator posterior muscle.
Genera
The three genera that make up the subfamily Squaliobarbinae are:
Taxonomy
Cyprinids are a large, widespread, and diverse family of mainly freshwater ray-finned fishes, and the taxonomy of the family has not yet been fully resolved. Fishbase recognises the Squaliobarbinae as a valid subfamily, but recent studies suggest that this may not necessarily be the case. For example, the three genera of this subfamily have been placed in the larger subfamily Oxygasterinae, and Squaliobarbinae is listed as a synonym of Oxygasterinae. and the World Register of Marine Species treats all three taxa traditionally placed in the Squaliobarbinae as incertae sedis. while the Catalog of Fishes places them in the subfamily Xenocyprinae. However, at whatever level they are classified the three squaliobarbine taxa appear to be closely related and to form a clade. and have been referred to as the tribe Squaliobarbini.
References
Fish subfamilies
Hasso von Wedel may refer to:
Hasso von Wedel (general) (1898–1961), commander of the Wehrmacht Propaganda Troops during World War II
Hasso von Wedel (aviator) (1893–1945), German World War I flying ace and World War II pilot
Actizera atrigemmata is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of transformed grassland.
References
Butterflies described in 1878
Polyommatini
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Arthur Gardiner Butler
Jeanette Athletic Association F.C. was an early twentieth century amateur U.S. soccer team from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania which had a brief period of national success. In 1923, it won the Pittsburgh Press Soccer League championship and went to the quarterfinals of the 1923 National Challenge Cup and the third round of the 1925 National Challenge Cup.
This club should not be confused with Jeanette F.C. (one “n”) from Michigan which played during the same period.
References
Defunct soccer clubs in Pennsylvania
The Stassano furnace is an electric arc furnace for the production of steel. Invented by Ernesto Stassano in 1898, it is the first electric furnace in history for ferrous metallurgy.
History
Stassano had the idea of building an electrical furnace for ferrous metallurgy in 1896, while he was working in Pont-Saint-Martin, Aosta Valley, on electrical furnaces for the production of calcium carbide.
Stassano moved to the workshops of Santa Maria dei Cerchi in Rome, in 1898. Here he carried out his first experiments to obtain steel from iron ores using a small shaft furnace equipped with two electrodes capable of heating the minerals thanks to a 95 kW indirect arc. In the same year, in Darfo (BS), he carried out other tests on a similar furnace, equipped with three electrodes working at 370 kW. As a result of his experiments, Stassano modified the structure of the furnace, reducing the space above the electrodes and separating the section destined to electrodes and the one for the production of the material. He also moved from mineral-only burdens to mixed loads composed of ores, scrap and cast iron. With these adjustments, Stassano obtained high-quality steel from burdens containing 80% scrap and 20% cast iron, thus obtaining a product that could economically compete with imported steel.
In 1898 Stassano patented the principles and technical solutions of his furnaces in Italy, Austria, Spain, Luxembourg, Belgium, Norway, England, Sweden, Germany and USA. In 1901 in France and Hungary, and in 1902 in Switzerland.
Based on the Darfo furnace, in 1901 Stassano produced a furnace with a final configuration and installed it in the Arsenal in Turin.
In 1904 Stassano founded the Società Forni Termoelettrici Stassano (Stassano Society of Thermoelectric Furnaces) and opened in Turin the first foundry where steel was obtained electrically. The foundry was activated in 1905, using for its purposes two 1-ton furnaces, two 2-ton furnaces and one 5-ton furnace.
Between 1906 and 1907 a number of Stassano furnaces were activated at the Bonner Faserfabrik plants in Bonn (Germany), in St. Polen (Austria), in Dunston-on-Tyne and Newcastle (UK), in Bridgeton and Redondo (USA). In 1910 Stassano furnaces will also be installed in the Ansaldo steel plants in Genoa and in the Vanzetti plants in Milan.
Between 1900 and 1915 there are three active types of electric arc furnaces in the industrial field: the Stassano indirect arc furnace, the Heroult direct arc furnace with non-conductive soles, and the Girod direct arc furnace with conductive soles. The Heroult furnace is, among the three, the most suitable for large-scale production, so that its supremacy determines the decline of the Stassano furnace in the steel industry already in 1915.
Structure
The indirect arc electric furnace of the Stassano type, in its final configuration, is made from a cast iron cylindrical structure lined internally with refractory bricks. The structure is divided in two separate sections: an upper section where the electrodes are placed, and a lower crucible where the burden is loaded and fused into steel.
On the upper part of the furnace side wall, in correspondence with the space that houses the three graphite electrodes, are the couplings of the latter, placed at 120° from one another; each coupling is equipped with a water cooling jacket and a hydraulic system for moving the electrodes; the electrodes are placed in a horizontal position. In the central part of the side wall, in correspondence with the upper part of the crucible, there is the charge door, equipped with a metal panel coated with internal refractory material and closable with a pulley mechanism. In the lower part of the side wall, in correspondence with the lower part of the crucible, is the taphole. At the centre of the upper base of the oven is an escape tube for gases.
Functioning
The Stassano furnace produces steel by fusing scrap iron and cast iron and operating a successive decarburization of the fused material.
The furnace is initially loaded with the material to be fused, which is introduced into the crucible from the charge door. Once the loading is completed, current is sent to the electrodes, which generate an electrical arc between them. The arc produces heat which is transmitted to the material to be melted through thermal radiation heat transfer, which is why the furnace is referred to as an indirect or radiant arc device. During the process, the charge door can be reopened to introduce into the crucible further amounts of scrap and cast iron. When all the material has been melted, it undergoes a first refining before it is poured out from the taphole.
References
Leone Puccinelli, I forni elettrici nella siderurgia, Torino, 1914 | MISC D.3338
Carlo Federico Bonini, I processi termoelettrici della siderurgia moderna: forni elettrici, Milano, 1914 | D.7802
Industrial furnaces
Steelmaking
Museo Nazionale Scienza e Tecnologia Leonardo da Vinci
DN73A () is a national road in Romania that starts from Predeal, reaching Șercaia.
Road
The national road DN73A starts from the entrance to Predeal, coming from DN1 from Bucharest, goes by Cold River, goes down to Burzenland in Râșnov, where it intersects with DN73. Then it goes through the Old Tohan neighborhood of Zărnești city, reaches Poiana Mărului, and then it goes down to Țara Făgărașului, goes to Șinca Nouă, and then Șinca Veche. Between Șinca Veche and Ohaba, DN73A shares a segment with county road DJ104. From Ohaba, it goes through Vad, ending in Șercaia, at the intersection with DN1.
Historic and architectural monuments
Râșnov Fortress
Șinca
Grota (Monastery) under Pleșul Hill, also known as Temple of Fate, from Șinca Veche.
Monastic Hermitage Birth of Mary the Virgin from Șinca Veche.
The Great Cave from Merești, in the Perșani Mountains, discovered in the 18th century where it was found ceramics marks from the first Age of Steel (Hallstatt culture).
Bucium Monastery, near Bucium village.
Fortified Saxon Church from Șercaia, attested in 1429, owned by Saint Katherine.
Fortified Evangelical-Lutheran church from Halmeag, built in the second half of the 11th century, which illustrates the passing phase from Romanesque architecture to Gothic art.
Other places with touristic interests and nature monuments
Predeal
Ski area, with 5 areas
Climatic Station Cold River
Zărnești
The City Day is celebrated each summer, in August: "Zărnești city days"-"Edelweiss Festival"
National Park Stone of Crawl
Șinca
Perșani Baths from Perșani, with mineral springs
Vad
Plugarul, folkloric habit that takes place in the second day of Easter
Poiana Narciselor from Vad, Nature reserve
Bibliography
ADAC Straßenatlas Ost-Europa, ADAC e.V. München, 1993
Harta rutieră, Indexul localităților, România, Romania, Rumänien, Roumanie,1:700.000, Szarvas.Kárpátia, 2007
Nicolae Pepene, Bogdan Popovici, Victor Ștefănescu, Florina Rusu, O istorie a Râșnovului în imagini, Editura Suvenir, 2006
Notes
Roads in Romania
Brașov County
Vipindas (1938 – 12 February 2011) was an Indian cinematographer and director. He has cinematographed more than 200 films in Malayalam alone, and has directed a couple of films.
Biography
Vipindas was born in 1938 in Pazhayannur, Thrissur, Kerala, as the son of Pallippatta Sankaran Nair and Lakshmi Amma. At the age of 15, he went to Madras (now Chennai) to study photography. He had no formal education in photography but was able to assist veteran Bollywood cinematographer Beevashom for three years. Vipindas started his film career with the Tamil film Thalattu, which he also directed. He debuted in Malayalam through Prethangalude Thazhvara by P.Venu. It was followed by Prathidhwani, directed by him but filmed by veteran director I. V. Sasi. This film established the successful collaboration of Sasi and Vipindas. He worked as a cinematographer with Sasi in about twenty five films. He also collaborated with several directors including P. A. Backer, Fazil, Hariharan, Joshiy, K. Madhu, Padmarajan and Bharathan. His last work was Thathwamasi, directed by Sunil. He died on 12 February 2011.
Selected filmography
Prethangalude Thaazhvazha
Prathidhwani
Manimuzhakkam (Winner, Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography)
Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol
Avalude Ravukal
Moonnam Mura
Oru CBI Diary Kurippu
Thuramukham
Nirakkoottu
Irupatham Noottandu
Chillu
Purappadu
Adhipan
Jagratha
Oru Kochu Swapnam
Thathwamasi
Adayalam
Randam Varavu
Mounam Sammadham
Aankiliyude Tharattu
Oru Sindoora Pottinte Ormaykku
Ee Kaikalil
Adukkan Entheluppam
Iniyum Kurukshethram
Ente Kanakkuyil
Azhiyatha Bandhangal
Kaiyum Thalayum Purathidaruthu
Piriyilla Naam
Belt Mathai
Changatham
Ponmudy
Oridathoru Phayalwan
Kallan Pavithran (1981)
Parvathi
Oru Kochu Swapnam (Directed)
Prathidhawani (Directed)
References
External links
1938 births
2011 deaths
People from Thrissur district
Malayalam film cinematographers
Film directors from Kerala
Malayalam film directors
Kerala State Film Award winners
Cinematographers from Kerala
20th-century Indian film directors
20th-century Indian photographers
Tiberius Catius Caesius Fronto was a Roman senator who was suffect consul in the nundinium of September to December 96 AD with Marcus Calpurnius [...]icus as his colleague. These two consuls were presiding over the Roman Senate when the Emperor Domitian was assassinated (18 September 96), and Nerva elevated as emperor. Fronto was an acquaintance of Pliny the Younger, and he is mentioned as many as four times in the collected letters.
From the elements in his name, Olli Salomies believes it likely that Fronto had been adopted by the senator and poet Silius Italicus, and his name at birth was Tiberius Caesius Fronto, or may have been his nephew. If Fronto was not adopted by Italicus, then the common elements in their names were due to his being Italicus' nephew.
Life
Pliny describes Fronto as "a man with the greatest expertise at extracting tears", and mentions him taking part in three different trials: in the penalty phase of the case of Marius Priscus, who had been proconsul of Africa and was indicted by the people he had governed; in the prosecution of Julius Bassus, who had been accused of mismanagement while proconsul of Bithynia and Pontus; and in the matter of Varenus Rufus, also indicted by the people of Bithynia and Pontus for mismanagement. These prove he was active in the Senate during the first years of the second century. Pliny may be referring to him when he writes to his friend Caninus Rufus about the death of the poet Silius Italicus: in that letter, he mentions that the oldest son was doing well and had attained the consulship.
Although his wife has not yet been identified, Fronto is known to have had a daughter, Caesia Frontina.
Senatorial career
Fronto is not known to have held any offices, either in the emperor's service or proconsulships, in the public sector of the Empire. He is known to have been a member of the Arval Brethren, and is recorded having attended their meetings in 98 and 105.
However John D. Grainger believes that as Fronto was one of two consuls at the time of the emperor Domitian's murder, he was party to the conspiracy. Grainger argues Fronto's family was firmly in the party that was hostile to Domitian, if not the Flavian dynasty in general. Although Domitian had appointed him to the highly influential and prestigious office of consul, Domitian had practiced a policy of appointing members of different groups or factions in the Senate in order to gain their support. Lastly, Grainger notes that upon learning of Domitian's death, the consuls, who presided over the Senate and had the authority to convene it, summoned the Senators to a session the next day. "If he had not been originally involved in the plot," notes Grainger, "it would take him some time to convince him of the murder, and he would demand proof -- a sight of the body, no doubt -- which would delay matters even more. The cumulative delays would add up to several hours, yet the Senate met next morning."
See also
List of Roman consuls
References
1st-century Romans
Suffect consuls of Imperial Rome
Caesius Fronto
Villamontes (or: Villa Montes) is a town in the Tarija Department in south-eastern Bolivia. Also it is called the benemerita town (well-deserving of the mother country) due to its importance during the Chaco War in the 1930s.
Location
Villamontes is the administrative center of Villamontes Municipio and situated at 388 m above sea level, on the left bank of Río Pilcomayo where the river crosses the Sierra del Aguarague mountain range and flows southeast into the Chaco-Foreland.
Geography
Villamontes is located in the subhumid tropical zone, with a distinct dry season from June to September.
West of the town in a north-southerly direction ranges the sub Andean Sierra del Aguarague, with a summit of 1,390 m 7 km west of Villamontes.
The town is crossed by Río Caiguami which discharges into Río Pilcomayo on the southern outskirts of Villamontes.
Villamontes has recorded the hottest temperature ever in Bolivia, , several times, most recently on 29 October 2010.
History
During the Chaco War between Bolivia and Paraguay (1932–1935) Villamontes accommodated the headquarters of the Bolivian Army. During the final stage of the war, the main lines of defense commanded by General Bernardino Bilbao Rioja were situated here.
Villamontes became famous by the so-called "Corralito de Villamontes" (1934), when the head of state, Dr. Daniel Salamanca Urey, was arrested by army units during his stay at Villamontes, and on 28 November 1934 was substituted in a coup d'état by vice president José Luis Tejada Sorzano.
Population
Villamontes had a population of 11,086 inhabitants in 1992 (census), 16,214 inhabitants in 2001 (census), and has more than 20,000 inhabitants by 2007. In the official data of the census 2012, the municipality of Villa Montes has 39,800 inhabitants which is an increase more than 100% compared to the 2001 census.
Reason for the explosive increase has been the deployment of oil and gas fields in this region since the early 1990s.
References
External links
Map of Province
Climate Villamontes
Populated places in Tarija Department
Siegfried Großmann (5 September 1881 – 1959) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1905.
References
External links
1881 births
1959 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Rimonim (), is an Israeli settlement in the West Bank.
Rimonim or Rimmonim may also refer to:
Torah rimonim (or simply "rimonim"), finials adorning the top ends of the rollers of a Torah scroll
Rimonim, a magazine of the Center for Jewish Art, Israel
Rimonim hotels, a chain owned by Israel Land Development Company
Rimonim Prison in Tel Mond, Israel; part of the Israel Prison Service
See also
Rimon (disambiguation)
Rimmon
The chasquis (also ) were the messengers of the Inca empire. Agile, highly trained and physically fit, they were in charge of carrying the , messages and gifts, up to 240 km per day through the relay system. Chasquis were not just messengers (those were young boys who were just used to pass along basic information); they were trained to be able to read and translate the to each other and higher authorities. Not only were they used to transport oral messages, but they also helped the inspector general, the Sapa Inka's brother, keep track of the people in the empire. Chasquis were chosen from the fittest young males and were known to be the fastest runners.
Operation
Chasquis were dispatched along thousands of kilometres, taking advantage of the vast Inca system of purpose-built roads and rope bridges in the Andes of Peru and Ecuador. On the coast of what is now Peru their route ran from Nazca to Tumbes. Chasqui routes also extended into further reaches of the empire into parts of what are now Colombia, Bolivia, Argentina, and Chile.
Tambos, or relay stations, were used for the to stop at and transfer messages to the next . There were different sizes and levels of tambos and each one was assigned a different use. The use of the depended on what route it was on and who was allowed to use it, but the majority of them were just to pass the messages along because there were other structures that the used for rest and shelter called . Chasquis would start at one and run to the next where a rested was waiting to carry the message to the next .
Consignment
Each carried two items, a and a . A was used to store and transport information through a system of knotted strings that represented different things based on the kind, color, number of strings, etc. They were able and allowed to read, translate, and transfer the information on the . They could not be read unless the was there with the oral message and translation because some of the information was told orally that went along with the . The was a conch shell used as a trumpet, used to signal to other that one runner was close, so that they could prepare to run.
Modern day
There are several paths and preserved that were used by the that still stand today. There are trails that allow one to travel along these paths and to experience the distance and terrain that the traveled. Most of the paths are places that were used by the Inca but there are other sections that are assumed to be Inca paths that have not been confirmed or denied. Most of the paths contain Inca rope bridges, which were skillfully constructed by Inca people by using strands of vegetation that were woven together and reinforced by wood and stones. They were frequently used by runners delivering messages throughout the Inca Empire. Many of these bridges are still intact and can be walked across without fear of them breaking because of how durable they are. There are also many races run on these paths.
See also
Chasqui I
Tambo (Incan structure)
Inca road system
References
Inca society
Postal systems
Obsolete occupations
Frances Thurber Seal, (ca. 1860 – 1930s) was a Christian Science practitioner and teacher from the United States and one of three people to establish the religion in Germany. She also helped introduce it in Norway.
Life and work
Born the daughter of a missionary and a preacher, Frances Thurber Seal's father's family was descended from French Huguenots who emigrated to England and later, to the United States. Her maternal side was Scotch Quaker. She was raised in a very religious home, but experienced deep sadness and longing after her mother's years of illness and then death, followed by the deaths of several other family members. As a young woman in New York City, she came to learn of Christian Science and through inquiry, came to know a student of Mary Baker Eddy who was a Christian Science teacher in New York. Lathrop lent her No and Yes, a 46-page book by Eddy, which Seal read that evening, three times. Afterward, she found herself no longer suffering from a long-standing stomach ailment or the failing vision she had been told would result in early blindness. She soon obtained a copy of Eddy's major work, Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures and had class instruction with Lathrop. She soon joined a church and became an active member. A year later, she was asked by Lathrop to go to Dresden, Germany, where some German Christian Scientists had been requesting someone be sent to them. Although she had no money or knowledge of the German language and though she considered herself a novice in the religion, Lathrop assured her she had the necessary qualities and she agreed to go. With financial help from Mary Beecher Longyear, Seal sailed for Germany in December 1897.
Seal was one of three people, the other two Germans, Bertha Günther-Peterson in Hanover and Hans Eckert in Stuttgart, working as Christian Scientists in Germany in 1897. In 1898, Seal was asked to visit Norway to talk to a woman who had cancer and to some others in Haugesund, a small fishing village.
She returned to Dresden to continue her work as a Christian Science practitioner, but soon had an opportunity to return to New York for a while, enabling her to apply for the first normal class to train new teachers under the newly established Christian Science Board of Education. After she was accepted, a by-law was published, stipulating that normal class students were to have a minimum of three years' experience in the public practice of Christian Science. Seal had only found out about the religion two years prior. The teacher of the class, Edward A. Kimball, a student of Eddy's, wrote to Eddy about the situation and was told to make an exception for Seal. Of the 180 in the class, 21 students, including Seal, were given certificates to teach.
Seal returned to Dresden, remaining through summer 1899, then moving to Berlin. Her work as a practitioner and teacher in both cities led to the establishment of Christian Science churches there. She was often so busy with patients that she had to have students come help her.
She again returned to the United States in 1902, visiting Boston and Concord, New Hampshire, hoping to visit Eddy. Told that she was not receiving visitors, Seal was later surprised when Eddy paid an unexpected visit to her at her hotel. Seal moved back to the United States in 1906, settling in New York, where she continued her work as a Christian Scientist. In 1922, she was quoted as saying, "About twenty-six years ago I first came in contact with Christian Science through attending a testimony meeting, where I heard it said that the Science of Being had been discovered; that it revealed the reality and permanence of good, and demonstrated that evil, expressed through sin, disease, and death, was not a function of Being but abnormal and unnecessary, and could be overcome. After thinking of this for a time I visited a Christian Science reading room to ask how to begin to gain freedom from fear. There I found a young man who told me that I lived in divine Mind, not in matter; hence I need to have no fear of material conditions. This did not convey much to me at that time, but I went away assured that it meant something real and worthwhile to him. His statement that this thought of itself would be helpful was soon proved to be true, with such startling distinctness that I resolved to study Christian Science earnestly and test it for myself. This I have continued to do during the years that have followed, and I have seen it remove mountains of sorrow, of sickness, and of sin. I have seen the blind restored to sight, the deaf regain their hearing, the deformed and crippled made whole, and the drunkard, libertine, and criminal restored to normal health and become helpful citizens." In 1931, Seal published a book about her experiences in Germany.
Publications
Health Revealed, article in Christian Science Sentinel (January 20, 1917)
Christian Science in Germany (1931)
Wundertaten der Wahrheit im Anfang der Christian Science in Deutschland (1931) - German translation of Christian Science in Germany
See also
Annie M. Knott
References
American Christian Scientists
Converts to Christian Science
Hatcham Social are an English indie pop band. The group first met and formed in New Cross, London in 2006 and have since released a string of singles on indie labels, followed by three studio albums. With the debut album, they made headway in the mainstream media with The Guardian describing them as "irrestistible" and Tim Burgess (The Charlatans) calling them "a wonderful pop group with the world's coolest drummer."
The band is named partially after the Hatcham Liberal club on Queens Road, Peckham, and the Old English word 'Hatcham', meaning 'a clearing in the woods'. The Hatcham Liberal club was well known as 'Hatcham Social' around the time the band formed. The area in which it lies was, in previous times, known as Hatcham.
Their debut album You Dig the Tunnel, I'll Hide the Soil was released in March 2009 in the UK, followed by the album About Girls in 2012.
The third album Cutting Up the Present Leaks Out the Future was released on Ogenisis in February 2014 and their fourth and most recent album, The Birthday of the World, was released on Crocodile Records in 2015.
History
Hatcham Social formed in New Cross in 2006 when David Fineberg met brothers Toby and Finnigan Kidd. Drummer Finnigan Kidd was still a member of Klaxons, but left in order to devote his time to Hatcham Social; they soon released their self-recorded debut 7-inch single "Dance as If..." on the indie label WaKs Records (Daniel Devine). After showing considerable interest and forming a friendship with the band, Faris Badwan of The Horrors (a former art student at Central Saint Martins) agreed to create the artwork for the band's second single, "How Soon Was Then?", released on PopGrooves (the label set up by David Fineberg); the artwork to the single was hand-printed on 200 limited editions 7" sleeves. The single gave the band their first national radio airplay on the BBC 6Music show Mint, hosted by Marc Riley, in January 2007.
Tim Burgess of The Charlatans, produced the band's next single, the double A-side of "Til the Dawn" and "Penelope (Under My Hat)". Both sides of the single were recorded with Burgess, for whom this was his production debut. Again, artwork was provided by Faris Badwan. Artrocker described the single as a "polka-dot-skirt-swirling number with credibility" whilst Dazed & Confused saw it as "carefree and irresistibly catchy." The success of the single prompted BBC 6Music DJ Gideon Coe to invite the band in for their first live radio session on Tuesday 14 August 2007, whilst the Queens of Noize chose "Penelope (Under My Hat)" as their "trophy track" on their BBC 6 Music show on 4 August 2007. Artrocker magazine also asked the band to perform a live radio session for them, and used one of the live tracks "Snap My Hands" on their cover mounted free CD in December 2007.
The band's growing friendship with Badwan saw him switching from design to production for Hatcham's next single, "So So Happy Making". The single was released as a joint venture between Loog Records and Waks Records. Artrocker described the single as a "wonderful, life-affirming record" whilst the NME proclaimed "twee-tastic basement recorded pop shouldn't be starting a south London revolution, but it is." Vice described it as "one of the best things we've heard all year", and Time Out magazine chose the self-recorded B-side, "Berlin", as one of their 'Picks of the Week', likening the band to The Pop Group, Josef K and Virgin Prunes. The relative success of the single was proven when it reached number 14 in the Official Independent Singles Chart on 9 March 2008.
Growing recognition has seen Hatcham Social headline a show at London's 100 Club in February 2008, and they have played the Camden Crawl, Great Escape and Dot to Dot music festivals in London, Brighton, Bristol and Nottingham, as well as Faraday in Barcelona, London Calling in Amsterdam and Lovebox in London.
Their debut album, entitled You Dig the Tunnel, I'll Hide the Soil was produced by Tim Burgess and Jim Spencer and released in March 2009 through Fierce Panda in the UK and TBD Records in the US. It was critically acclaimed and received 10/10 in Vice magazine, 8/10 in NME and Album of the Month in Artrocker. It was included in many top 20 albums of the year lists, and the single "Crocodile" was the Single of the Year 2009 in Artrocker.
Second album About Girls was released in April 2012 and recorded with Jim Anderson (Transgressive, Cold Specks), Laurie Latham (Echo and the Bunnymen, Squeeze) and some of the album was produced and mixed entirely by the band at Helcion Mountain in London and Drummers Hill in Wales. It received an equally good reception: Loud and Quiet: "full of nagging hits"; NME: "a stunner"; Steve Lamacq (6 Music/Radio 2) "...pure indie pop brilliance"; BBC America: "one of the top 5 UK bands to see at SXSW"; The Quietus: "loving Hatcham Social's new direction."
"Like an Animal" was the first taster track to be released off of the second LP and was given away as a free download from the band's Bandcamp page. It was limited to 500 free downloads and then went on to being available to buy. Artrocker said the single was "awesome" and gave it a five-star rating.
The third studio album Cutting Up the Present Leaks Out the Future was released in February 2014. Recorded and produced by the band themselves in a 12-day stint in a studio in Wales, they recorded onto reel to reel tape, using a computer only at mixdown stage. Q magazine called the album a "career high" and "a thrilling dark night of the soul", awarding it 4 stars out of 5.
A fourth studio album The Birthday of the World was released in October 2015 via Crocodile Records.
A career-spanning compilation We Are the Weirdos was released in April 2022 on Fierce Panda as a collection of best and lost singles as well as featuring remixes from Tim Burgess and Baxter Dury.
Influences and sound
Hatcham Social derive heavy influence from indie pop of the 1980s including bands such as The Pastels, Orange Juice and Josef K, as well as post-punk and shoegaze bands such as The Jesus & Mary Chain and The Fall. Their music (particularly their early singles) also features a 1960s beat music influence, including the pop sensibility of The Kinks.
They have also taken an influence from story books and children's literature, most notably through their rendition of the Lewis Carroll poem "Jabberwocky", which they performed live at their 100 Club gig with a performing arts group, SKIPtheatre (they also made a brief appearance in the music video to "So So Happy Making"). The band's love of story books and children's literature (and as a nod to the 1980s) influenced them in choosing to release two cassette tapes of their self-recorded material, Found in the Woods (versions 1 & 2). The first edition brought together the five tracks on their first two vinyl only singles, and was released on 25 May 2007. The second edition brought together six other previously unreleased self-recorded tracks, and was released on 31 December 2007.
Associated artists
Hatcham have frequently played with bands including The Violets, Neils Children, and Electricity in Our Homes, and are associated with The Horrors and The Charlatans (whom they have supported in a number of concerts) through their work with Faris Badwan and Tim Burgess. Finnigan Kidd, as well as having drummed for Klaxons before concentrating on Hatcham Social, is also a part-time member of the indie rock supergroup collective The Chavs. Hatcham Social have also played and been associated with The Pains of Being Pure at Heart, Crystal Stilts, Veronica Falls, The Maccabees and Cold Specks.
Discography
Studio albums
Compilations
EPs
Singles
References
External links
Hatcham Social's Myspace
Music Weekly Podcast interview with band on The Guardian website
Dummy Magazine Live Photo Review
Live Review
Musical groups established in 2006
Musical groups from London
English pop music groups
English indie rock groups
British indie pop groups
Fierce Panda Records artists
MapleMusic Recordings artists
Musical groups from the London Borough of Lewisham
Nuno Miguel de Magalhães Fonseca (born 30 January 1982 in Guimarães) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Football career
Earlier in his senior career, Fonseca was under contract to both FC Porto and S.C. Braga, but only represented its reserve sides. In 2005, he signed for Moreirense F.C. in the second division, suffering relegation at the end of the season.
After splitting the following years with Moreirense and F.C. Famalicão, Fonseca moved to Romania in June 2008, signing with AFC Progresul București in the second level. However, after a couple of months, he terminated his contract.
On 22 January of the following year, Fonseca joined PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra of Bulgaria on a three-year deal. He made his debut with his new club two days later, in a 6–0 friendly routing of FC Botev Krivodol, but appeared rarely throughout the campaign as the team finished in mid-table.
Fonseca returned home in the 2009 summer, signing with division three side Gondomar SC. After two seasons the 29-year-old moved abroad again, with G.D. Interclube in Angola.
External links
National team data
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Guimarães
Portuguese footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
Vitória S.C. players
FC Porto B players
C.F. União de Lamas players
S.C. Braga B players
Moreirense F.C. players
F.C. Famalicão players
Gondomar S.C. players
FC Progresul București players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra players
Girabola players
G.D. Interclube players
Portugal youth international footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Expatriate footballers in Angola
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
Anne Barbara Underhill FRSC (June 12, 1920 - July 3, 2003) was a Canadian astrophysicist. She is most widely known for her work on early-type stars and was considered one of the world's leading experts in the field. During her lifetime she received many awards for her contributions to astronomy and astrophysics.
Early life
Underhill grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia. She was the only girl of five children born to European immigrants Irene Anna (née Creery) and civil engineer Frederic Clare Underhill. She was awarded the Lieutenant Governor's medal in high school for her outstanding school performance. She was close with her twin brother and three younger brothers, and helped to raise them following the death of her mother when she was 18. In 1944 her twin brother was killed in World War II.
Education
Underhill graduated from the University of British Columbia in 1942 with a BA Hons in chemistry. She continued her education at the University and received a master's degree in physics and mathematics in 1944. After graduating with her MA she received a substantial scholarship from the Canadian Federation of University Women which enabled her to enroll at the University of Toronto, however she left after a year because the University's astrophysics program was considered weak at that time. She went on to receive her Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1948 under the supervision of famous astrophysicist Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar. Her thesis topic was multi-layered stellar atmospheres and contained the first model for this phenomenon.
Career
From 1948 to 1949 she held an NRC Postdoctoral Fellowship at Copenhagen Observatory. In 1949, Underhill accepted a position as a research scientist at the Dominion Astrophysical Observatory (DAO), in Victoria, where she worked until 1962. During this time she was a visiting professor at both Harvard and Princeton universities. While at Princeton she used their computing facilities to write software to model stellar atmospheres. At the DAO she encountered sexism from her male PhD colleagues who limited her responsibilities while giving more to less qualified male coworkers.
In 1962 she unexpectedly received a letter of offer from the Utrecht University in the Netherlands for the position of full professor in astrophysics. She was reluctant to leave Canada so the decision to take the job was not an easy one despite the mistreatment she had experienced by her colleagues. At the Utrecht University she lectured at the graduate level and published The Early Type Stars. In 1970, she received a job offer arrived from NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center where she worked until her retirement 15 years later.
Publications
Including:
1948: Some Aspects of B-Type Spectra, PhD dissertation University of Chicago
1959 with John H Waddell: Stark broadening functions for the hydrogen lines, [Washington] U.S. Dept. of Commerce, National Bureau of Standards, 1959, National Bureau of Standards circular, 603
1966: The Early Type Stars, Dordrecht, Holland, D. Reidel. New York, Gordon and Breach, 1966
1982 with Vera Doazan: B stars with and without emission lines, Monograph series on nonthermal phenomena in stellar atmospheres, NASA SP (Series) 456. ntrs.nasa.gov Full-text PDF
1985 with A. G. Michalitsianos: The Origin of Nonradiative Heating/Momentum in Hot Stars, NASA Scientific and Technical Information Branch, 1985
1988 with P. S. Conti: O stars and Wolf-Rayet stars, Paris, France: CNRS; Washington, D.C. : National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Scientific and Technical Information Branch; [Springfield, Va.], Monograph series on nonthermal phenomena in stellar atmospheres; NASA SP (Series) 497.
Dutch PhD students at Utrecht University
At Utrecht University Underhill supervised the following PhD junior researchers as promotor (doctoral advisor) or as copromotor (secondary doctoral advisor).
External links
academic.oup.com Allan J. Willis: Obituaries: Anne Barbara Underhill 1920–2003 pdf. Astronomy & Geophysics, Volume 44, Issue 6, December 2003, page 6.35. Consulted on 20 January 2021.
References
1920 births
2003 deaths
Canadian astrophysicists
Women astrophysicists
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
University of Chicago alumni
University of British Columbia Faculty of Science alumni
People from Vancouver
20th-century Canadian astronomers
Utrecht University faculty
Canadian expatriates in the United States
Canadian expatriates in the Netherlands
The Zimbabwean cricket team began touring Pakistan for five One Day Internationals and a four-day tour match on 14 January. Pakistan began the tour after suffering One Day series defeats at the hands of both India and South Africa while Zimbabwe had lost a home series to West Indies prior to their arrival.
Zimbabwe named the same squad that lost 3–1 to the West Indies while Pakistan named uncapped Nasir Jamshed, Samiullah Khan and Kamran Hussain in their squad. Over the course of the series, they called up a number of uncapped and inexperienced players, including Abdur Rauf, Wahab Riaz, and Khurram Manzoor.
The tour marked the first time the two sides met since a Group D match in the 2007 Cricket World Cup in Jamaica, which Pakistan won by 93 runs. Neither side qualified for the latter stages and the match was Inzamam-ul-Haq's last One Day International and Pakistan's first without the late Bob Woolmer as coach following his sudden death days before.
Squads
Khalid Latif and Sohail Khan replaced Samiullah Khan and Sarfaraz Ahmed in Pakistan's squad before the 3rd ODI. For the 4th ODI, Khurram Manzoor and Wahab Riaz were included in Pakistan's squad, replacing Salman Butt and Yasir Arafat, while, Iftikhar Anjum and Kamran Akmal were given rest, and Sarfaraz Ahmed replaced Kamran Akmal as wicket-keeper for the remaining two ODIs.Shahid Afridi and Mohammad Yousuf both were rested for the 5th ODI and Rizwan Ahmed, Abdur Rauf, Naumanullah and Junaid Zia all were included in the squad.
Tour match
First-class: Pakistan Cricket Board Patron's XI vs Zimbabweans
ODI series
1st ODI
Pakistan cruised to a facile victory on a batsman-friendly pitch in Karachi as five men, including debutant Nasir Jamshed scored half-centuries. Younus Khan, Mohammad Yousuf, Shoaib Malik and Misbah-ul-Haq were the other four with Younus top scoring with 79 as Pakistan posted a huge 347 for five from their overs. The Zimbabwe run chase got off to a bright start despite the early loss of Hamilton Masakadza as Vusi Sibanda and Chamu Chibhabha also passed fifty, adding 56 runs for the second wicket. Pakistan hit back with regular wickets, spinners Shoaib Malik and Shahid Afridi picking up five before them, slowing the Zimbabweans down and despite a late blast of 52 from Sean Williams, they were untroubled on their way to victory. Nasir was named man of the match for his 48-ball innings of 61 that included six fours and three sixes.
2nd ODI
Pakistan eased into a 2–0 series lead with Nasir Jamshed and Sohail Tanvir playing starring roles in Hyderabad. Batting first, Hamilton Masakadza and Tatenda Taibu, with 81, top scored for Zimbabwe but no other batsman could make a significant contribution, as Tanvir took career-best figures of four for 34, rendering their final score of 238 a modest one, at best. Jamshed, in only his second match, then smashed fifty from 43 balls, before he was eventually run out for 74 to put Zimbabwe on the back foot. They rallied, taking four more wickets, but a circumspect knock of 38 not out from Mohammad Yousuf and a belligerent 43 off 21 balls from Shahid Afridi ensured Pakistan made their target with 22 balls to spare.
3rd ODI
Pakistan were given a scare by Zimbabwe, for whom Tawanda Mupariwa took four top order wickets before Shahid Afridi with a characteristic innings of 85 from 52 balls helped Pakistan blast their way to 272 for nine from their 50 overs. It was by no means a commanding score, and when Sean Williams (71) and Brendan Taylor (55) were batting together, it looked like a shock was on the cards. However, once those two fell within 11 runs of each other, Pakistan regained control of the match and closed out a 37-run win that sealed the series.
4th ODI
A Mohammad Yousuf century helped Pakistan into a 4–0 series lead after Zimbabwe had rallied to post a score of 244 in Faisalabad. Tatenda Taibu hit 51 and Sean Williams 48 before Shoaib Malik had both caught and bowled after they had shared a half-century stand. The innings stuttered before a late blast of 45 from 33 balls from Keith Dabengwa saw them get to their score of 244, bowled out in the final over. Pakistan lost their openers relatively quickly before a stand of 141 between Yousuf and Malik, who was run out for 88, ended any hopes Zimbabwe had of winning the game. Yousuf ended unbeaten on 108 not out with Malik awarded the man of the match having already taken three for 55.
5th ODI
Pakistan cruised to a 5–0 series clean sweep with debutants Abdur Rauf, Wahab Riaz and Khurram Manzoor playing starring roles. Brendan Taylor hit 50 for Zimbabwe, who won the toss and chose to bat, but they were undone by five wickets by Rauf and Riaz with captain Shoaib Malik chipping in with two, one of which Taylor immediately after he had reached a half-century. Zimbabwe were bowled out for a modest 183 in the 46th over. Nasir Jamshed fell early, but 50 runs on his debut from Manzoor and 63 from Younis Khan ensured Pakistan had no problem reaching their target, which they eventually did after 31 overs with Misbah-ul-Haq hitting a six to win the game.
References
External links
Series home at ESPN
2008 in Pakistani cricket
2008 in Zimbabwean cricket
International cricket competitions in 2007–08
Pakistani cricket seasons from 2000–01
2007–08
Whitwell is a village and civil parish in the county of Rutland in the East Midlands of England. The population at the 2001 census was 41. At the 2011 census the population remained less than 100 and was included together with the neighbouring parish of Exton.
It is located on the A606, about four miles (6 km) east of Oakham, on the north shore of Rutland Water with car parking off Bull Brig Lane. Whitwell Harbour is a popular sailing and water sports area and a pleasure boat known as the Rutland Belle operates from the harbour. Whitwell is one of the smallest villages in Rutland; it only has 19 houses, plus The Noel pub, the name of which comes from the Earls of Gainsborough, who were landholders in the area.
The village's name means 'spring/stream which is white', probably meaning it was infertile.
Whitwell claims to be twinned with Paris, France. In 1980, regulars from the pub, the Noel Arms wrote to the then Mayor of Paris, Jacques Chirac proposing the link and with a tight deadline for a response. As no answer arrived from the Mayor's office by the set date, the village unilaterally declared itself to be twinned and erected road signs to that effect. The original wooden signs were later replaced in metal by Rutland County Council.
References
External links
A 1980 regional news report from ATV on the twinning celebrations from the Media Archive for Central England
Villages in Rutland
Civil parishes in Rutland
Anton Füster, also spelled as Fister (5 January 1808 – 12 March 1881) was an Austrian Roman Catholic priest, theologian, pedagogue, radical political activist and author of Slovene origin. He was one of the leaders of the Viennese March Revolution of 1848.
He was born in Radovljica, Carniola (now in Slovenia). He studied in Ljubljana, where he was consecrated priest in 1832. He was part of the intellectual circle of Matija Čop, where he became a friend of the poet France Prešeren. In 1835, he went to Trieste, where he served as a German language preacher. In 1839, he moved to Gorizia, where he worked as a professor of religion and pedagogy at the State Gymnasium. During this period, he became a close friend of the Slovene priest and activist Valentin Stanič, and became an active member of his Association against the Torture of Animals, one of the first animal rights movements in Central Europe. He is also instrumental in the introduction of the chair for Slovene language in the priest seminary of the Archdiocese of Gorizia.
In 1847, he was appointed professor of philosophy at the University of Vienna, where he promoted democratic ideas among the students. On Sunday 12 March 1848 Füster gave a sermon that encouraged the students in attendance at the Mass to revolt the next day, 13 March 1848, in the streets of Vienna. The Uprising the developed in Vienna in the following months, was the first major revolt in German lands of 1848, outside the important but relatively minor demonstrations against Lola Montez in Bavaria on 9 February 1848. After the outbreak of the revolution of 1848, Füster became a fervent revolutionary activist; he became a chaplain of the insurgent Academic Guard, and fought on the barricades with students. In the first months of the revolution, he was sympathetic to the Slovene national movement, and was among the academicians who published the manifesto for a United Slovenia in April 1848. He later moved away from the romantic nationalist positions; on 9 August 1848 a group of radical Slovene students, led by Lovro Toman, staged a public event, in which they "solemnly expelled Füster from the people of Slovene descent".
In July 1848, he was elected to the so-called Kremsier Parliament. After its dissolution by the Austrian imperial authorities in March 1849, Füster emigrated to England, and then to the United States, settling in Philadelphia.
He returned to Austria in 1876, first to Graz and then to Vienna, where he published his memories from the revolutionary period. He died in Vienna, where he received an honorary grave on the Wiener Zentralfriedhof.
References
Short bibliography with picture
SPBL: Füster, Anton (pp. 399-400)
19th-century Slovenian Roman Catholic priests
Austrian politicians
People from Radovljica
University of Vienna faculty
Austrian people of Slovenian descent
1808 births
1881 deaths
19th-century Austrian Roman Catholic priests
Kyle Rankin (born September 13, 1972) is an American screenwriter and filmmaker known for directing The Battle of Shaker Heights, Night of the Living Deb, and Run Hide Fight.
Early life and education
Rankin was born in Danbury, Connecticut and attended the University of Maine, where he founded the UMaine Film & Video Club. As a college student, Rankin was the star and co-producer of a soap opera on campus called DORM, which was eventually released statewide (through Home Vision Video) with the episodes compiled into one feature-length film.
Career
Kyle co-directed The Battle of Shaker Heights through the second season of HBO's Project Greenlight. He wrote and directed a movie produced by Icon Productions, called Infestation, starring Chris Marquette, Ray Wise, Brooke Nevin; it was shot in the summer of 2007 in Bulgaria. He created the feature/web-series Nuclear Family (2011), and the indie features Night of the Living Deb (2015) and The Witch Files (2017). Run Hide Fight (2020) was filmed in Red Oak, Texas in the fall of 2019 and stars Isabel May, Thomas Jane, and Radha Mitchell.
Personal life
Rankin lives in Los Angeles with his wife and three children.
Filmography
Run Hide Fight (2021)
The Witch Files (2017)
Night of the Living Deb (2015)
Nuclear Family (2011)
Exhibit B-5 (2010)
Infestation (2009)
Hellholes (Internet film) (2006)
Insex (short film) (2006)
The Battle of Shaker Heights (2003)
Alias: The Lost Episode (2002)
They Came to Attack Us (2001)
Pennyweight (1999)
The Girl in the Basement (1997) (Formerly known as "Reindeer Games")
Dorm (1995)
References
External links
Official Kyle Rankin website
1972 births
Living people
People from Danbury, Connecticut
English-language film directors
Film directors from Connecticut
Film directors from Maine
Participants in American reality television series
University of Maine alumni
An explanation of benefits (commonly referred to as an EOB form) is a statement sent by a health insurance company to covered individuals explaining what medical treatments and/or services were paid for on their behalf.
The EOB is commonly attached to a check or statement of electronic payment.
An EOB typically describes:
the payee, the payer and the patient
the service performed—the date of the service, the description and/or insurer's code for the service, the name of the person or place that provided the service, and the name of the patient
the doctor's fee, and what the insurer allows—the amount initially claimed by the doctor or hospital, minus any reductions applied by the insurer
the amount the patient is responsible for
adjustment reasons, adjustment codes
EOB documents are protected health information.
Electronic EOB documents are called edi 835 5010 files.
There will normally also be at least a brief explanation of any claims that were denied, along with a point to start an appeal.
A member with secondary insurance gives such information to the provider for the next bill to go out to that insurance company. Generally, secondary insurance pays only the amount the EOB says the member is responsible for. Secondary EOBs show if the patient still has any responsibility to the provider. After the member's insurances have processed the claim, the provider bills the member for the remaining balance, if any.
References
Employee benefits
Medicare and Medicaid (United States)
Health insurance in the United States
C. schroederi may refer to:
Calliostoma schroederi, a sea snail species
Cerodrillia schroederi, a sea snail species
Cricosaurus schroederi, an extinct marine crocodyliform species
"Stars" is a 1972 song from Dan Fogelberg's debut album, Home Free. It appears as the second track on the album. The song was written by Fogelberg and produced by Norbert Putnam, and was released on the Epic label.
It was later covered Amy Holland in 1980 on her self-titled debut album and by Alison Krauss on her 2001 album New Favorite.
References
1972 songs
1972 singles
Dan Fogelberg songs
Amy Holland songs
1980 singles
Songs written by Dan Fogelberg
Epic Records singles
Capitol Records singles
Marrupa District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique. The principal town is Marrupa.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Niassa Province
Football is the most popular sport for women in Somalia. However, Somalia does not have a women's national football team with FIFA recognition, and have never played in a single international fixture. They are in a region that faces many challenges for the development of women's sport. Football is the most popular women's sport in the country and teams do exist for women to play on though they are few. Participation rates dropped by a large number in 2006. The sport's governing body in the country is not providing much support for the game and faces its own challenges.
History
National team
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team, including Somalia who did not have a FIFA recognised senior or youth team by 2006 and who have never played in a FIFA sanctioned game. The country has not sent a team to compete in major regional championships including the 2010 African Women's Championships during the preliminary rounds or the 2011 All Africa Games. In March 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA and did not formally exist.
Background and development
Women's football in Africa in general faces several challenges, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. At the same time, if quality female players in Africa are developed, many, including Somalis, leave their home countries to seek greater football opportunities in places like Northern Europe or the United States. Funding for women's football in Africa is also an issue: Most of the funding for women's football and for the women's national teams comes from FIFA, not the national football association, which in this case is Somali Football Federation who have not established a women's football programme in the country. Future success for women's football in Africa is dependent on improved facilities and access by women to these facilities. Attempting to commercialise the game is not the solution, as demonstrated by the many youths and women's football camps held on the continent leading to improvements in player skill and increased interest in the sport.
Football is the most popular women's sport in the country. In schools, girls and boys do not play mixed football in Somalia. On the adult level, there are 450 teams, 8 of which are available to women to play as mixed gendered teams and 6 which are women only. In 2000, there were 280 registered female players on the junior and senior levels. This data was not kept from 2001 to 2004. In 2005, there were 1,435 registered female players but in 2006, the number dropped dramatically to 220. This can be contrasted to futsal where there were 175 registered female footballers and 440 unregistered footballers in 2006. In 2005, football was seen as a way to potentially help rebuild the country, with the concept having support from Somali women living abroad. Women from Djibouti have been working to help Somali play football. Muslim extremists inside the country have made it difficult for women to play because of restrictions on what women can do. Inside Somalia, women have been completely prohibited from playing any sport. Rights to broadcast the 2011 Women's World Cup in the country were bought by Al Jazeera, despite the government having banned people from watching the men's competition in 2006 which resulted in several deaths.
Somali Football Federation was founded in 1951 and became a FIFA affiliate in 1962. Between 1991 and 2010 in Somalia, there was no FIFA FUTURO III regional course for women's coaching, no women's football seminar held in the country and no FIFA MA course held for women/youth football. The national federation has six full-time staffers dedicated to supporting women's football, and women's football has representation on the federation's committee. In April 2012, the national football association suffered a setback when its president Said Mohamed Nur was killed in a suicide attack that also killed the president of the country's Olympic Organising Committee.
On 8 July 2019 Golden Girls FC from Mogadishu became the first Somali women's football team to play an international match. They lost 3-0 to Queen Lozikeyi Academy from Zimbabwe at the 2019 Human Rights Cup.
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on date month year for the xxx tournament. tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Djibouti squad in the past 12 months.
References
Football in Somalia
W
The Fuentemolinos cave () is the largest formation in a cave complex, consisting of at least twelve cavities, in the town of Puras de Villafranca belonging to the municipality of Belorado (Burgos, Spain).
It has been mapped within recorded a total of 4086 meters.
Its current visit is regulated and is the subject of adventure travel.
References
Geography of the Province of Burgos
Caves of Spain
Landforms of Castile and León
Shattered may refer to:
Books
Shattered (Casey book), a 2010 non-fiction book: true-crime account of pregnant mother's murder
Shattered (Francis novel), a 2000 novel by Dick Francis: glassblower seeks videotape following death of jockey
Shattered (Koontz novel), a 1973 novel by Dean Koontz: family on road trip pursued by psychopath
Shattered (Walters novel), a 2006 novel by Eric Walters: spoiled teen put to work in a soup kitchen
Shattered, a 2014 novel by Kevin Hearne: urban fantasy in the Iron Druid universe
Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign, a 2017 non-fiction book by Amie Parnes and Jonathan Allen
Film and TV
Shattered (1921 film), a German silent film
Shattered (1972 film), a British film directed by Alastair Reid, most commonly known as Something to Hide
Shattered (1991 film), an American film directed by Wolfgang Petersen
Shattered (2007 film), a Canadian film directed by Mike Barker, most commonly known as Butterfly on a Wheel
Shattered (2011 film), a Nigerian film
Shattered (2022 film), a 2022 American thriller film directed by Luis Prieto
Television
Shattered (Canadian TV series), a 2010 police procedural series
Shattered (British TV series), a 2004 reality television show shown on Channel 4
"Shattered" (Star Trek: Voyager), an episode of the TV series Star Trek: Voyager
Music
The Shattered, a glam rock influenced band from California
Albums
Shattered (album), a 2006 singles compilation album by The Exploding Hearts
Shattered (EP), a 2008 EP by Matisyahu
Songs
"Shattered" (song), a song by The Rolling Stones from Some Girls 1978
"Shattered", a song by Linda Ronstadt from Cry Like a Rainstorm, Howl Like the Wind 1989
"Shattered", a song by Stratovarius from Dreamspace 1994
"Shattered", a song by Pantera from Cowboys from Hell 1990
"Shattered", a song by The Cranberries from Bury the Hatchet 1998
"Shattered", a song by Backstreet Boys from This Is Us 2009
"Shattered (Turn the Car Around)", a single by O.A.R. from All Sides 2008
Other uses
"SHAttered", a hash collision attack on SHA-1 algorithm
See also
Shatter (disambiguation)
Philip W. Anderson (June 23, 1915 – March 27, 1980) was an American film editor with more than fifty film credits commencing with the 1939 films, Marine Circus and Dark Magic.
He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing for three films: Giant (directed by George Stevens - 1956; with William Hornbeck and Fred Bohanan), Sayonara (directed by Joshua Logan - 1957; with Arthur P. Schmidt), and The Parent Trap (directed by David Swift - 1961). His final credit is for A Man Called Horse (directed by Elliot Silverstein - 1970).
References
American film editors
1915 births
1980 deaths
Artists from New York City
People from Granada Hills, Los Angeles
Il Pompeo is a dramma per musica in three acts by composer Alessandro Scarlatti. Written in 1682 when Scarlatti was 22 years old, it was his fourth opera and first dramatic work on a serious and grand subject. The opera uses an Italian language libretto by Nicolò Minato which had previously been used by Francesco Cavalli for his 1666 opera Pompeo Magno. The work premiered at the Teatro di Palazzo Colonna in Rome on 25 January 1683.
Roles
References
1683 operas
Italian-language operas
Operas
Operas by Alessandro Scarlatti
Tracey Brown is a Canadian country music artist. Brown, a former member of Family Brown, was nominated for a 1999 Juno Award for Best Country Female Vocalist. Her first solo studio album, Woman's Work, was released in 1998 and produced a Top 20 single with the title track.
Biography
Brown began performing at 10 years old as a member of Canada's most awarded country band, Family Brown. During the group's 22-year career, they recorded 17 albums and hosted a syndicated television show. Brown went on to form Juno Award winning group Prescott-Brown with her brother Barry and husband Randall Prescott.
Tracey Brown released her first solo CD in 1998. Three singles were released from the album, including the title track, which peaked at No. 12 on the RPM Canadian country singles chart. Brown was nominated for Best Country Female Vocalist at the 1999 Juno Awards and Independent Female Vocalist of the Year at the 1999 Canadian Country Music Association Awards.
In 2000, Brown was featured in the photo book Dare to Dream – A Celebration of Canadian Women. The following year, she performed at the YWCA Women of Distinction Awards and co-wrote and performed a song for the award-winning short film, Charlie Noir.
Brown completed work on her second solo studio album, Alone, which was released in 2008. Its first single, "If You Wanna Keep My Love," written by Jon Park-Wheeler, Tracey Brown, and Randall Prescott was sent to country radio in September.
In 2014, Brown toured on the Canadian Pacific Railway Holiday Trains in the United States and Canada.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Guest singles
Music videos
References
Canadian women country singers
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Canadian women singers
Papilio chrapkowskii, the broad green-banded swallowtail or Chrapkowski's green-banded swallowtail, is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania.
The larvae feed on Vepris species.
Description
The ground colour is black and the light areas greenish blue. The submarginal spots on forewings below are well developed. The hindwing verso is strongly mottled with silky purplish brown.The blue spot in the cell of the forewing above reaches basad about to the middle of cellule 2; forewing beneath with large yellowish submarginal spots in cellules 1 b—4. British East Africa: Nairobi.
Taxonomy
Papilio chrapkowskii belongs to a clade called the nireus species group with 15 members. The pattern is black with green or blue bands and spots and the butterflies, although called swallowtails lack tails with the exception of this species Papilio charopus and Papilio hornimani. The clade members are:
Papilio aristophontes Oberthür, 1897
Papilio nireus Linnaeus, 1758
Papilio charopus Westwood, 1843
Papilio chitondensis de Sousa & Fernandes, 1966
Papilio chrapkowskii Suffert, 1904
Papilio chrapkowskoides Storace, 1952
Papilio desmondi van Someren, 1939
Papilio hornimani Distant, 1879
Papilio interjectana Vane-Wright, 1995
Papilio manlius Fabricius, 1798
Papilio microps Storace, 1951
Papilio sosia Rothschild & Jordan, 1903
Papilio thuraui Karsch, 1900
Papilio ufipa Carcasson, 1961
Papilio wilsoni Rothschild, 1926
Description
It is smaller than Papilio bromius with the blue band narrower. Submarginal spots on the forewing are below well developed. Hindwing below strongly mottled with silky purplish brown.
References
chrapkowskii
Butterflies described in 1904
Senegal sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. This was the fourth successive appearance for the nation in a Summer Paralympic Games after it debuted at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. Youssouphua Diouf, a javelin thrower, and shot put and discus thrower Daque Diop were the two athletes sent to Rio de Janeiro by Senegal. The delegation failed to win the country's first medal at the Summer Paralympics as its best performance in these Games was Diouf's seventh position in the men's javelin F56-57 event.
Background
Senegal first entered Paralympic competition at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. They have participated in every Summer Paralympic Games since, making Rio de Janeiro their fourth appearance in a Summer Paralympiad. Senegal had yet to win its first Paralympic medal at the close of the Rio Games. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. The nation sent two athletes to compete in the Rio de Janeiro Paralympics: javelin thrower Youssoupha Diouf and shot put and discus thrower Dague Diop. Both athletes travelled to Brazil on 30 August as part of their final preparation for the Games. Diouf was selected to be the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Youssoupha Diouf contracted polio when he was a child and has occasionally had to use a wheelchair since because the disease has weakened the muscles in both of his legs. He was 29 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics and this was his maiden appearance in the multi-sport event. Diouf qualified for the Games by meeting the "A" qualifying standards because of his fourth-place finish in the men's javelin throw at the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships in October that year. This was the first time a Senegalese athlete attained automatic qualification for a Paralympic Games. He is classified as F57 by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and competes in a sitting position. Diouf trained at the H2 Dynamic Handysports Lombardia in the city of Milan as part of an agreement between the Senegalese National Paralympic Committee and the Italian sporting authorities to allow his preparation for the Paralympics. He said that he would showcase his success in Senegal in the event he won a medal at the Games. On September 8, Diouf took part in the men's javelin F56–57 event. He finished seventh out of fourteen athletes, with a throw of 41.83 metres which he recorded on his final try, his best mark of the season.
Dague Diop was 35 years old at the time of the Rio Paralympic Games and she was entering her second Summer Paralympics after representing Senegal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She is classified as F57 by the IPC and competes in a wheelchair. Diop received a wild card invitation to participate in the Paralympics because of her good performance at the 2015 African Games. With a scholarship from the Senegalese Ministry of Sport, she trained at the Stade Léopold Sédar Senghor in Dakar to prepare for the Paralympics. Diop's girlfriend revealed that the athlete's objective was to win a medal in Rio de Janeiro, "Every time she went to a tournament, she came back with a distinction. She is determined. I'm sure she will not come back empty handed." She took part in the women's shot put F56–57 competition with eleven more athletes on 8 September, placing eleventh (and last) out of all the finishing athletes, with a throw of 4.53 metres. Seven days later, Diop partook in the women's discus F56–57 event along with thirteen more competitors. She ranked thirteenth (and last) out of all the athletes who completed the competition, with a mark of 9.59 metres.
Men's Field
Women's Field
See also
Senegal at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Senegalese sport
is a Japanese actor and voice actor; he is well known for playing Takeo Saeki in The Grudge and Mamoru Satake in Zipang.
Filmography
Anime
Arcade Gamer Fubuki (TV) as Referee
Arknights: Prelude to Dawn (TV) as Ace
Assassination Classroom (TV) as Lovro Brovski
Ancient Girl's Frame (TV) as Alex Robinson
Bakugan Battle Brawlers: New Vestroia (TV) as Helios
Bakutsuri Bar Hunter (TV) as Hoojirō Samejima
Battle Programmer Shirase (TV) as Principal Miura (ep 15)
Beast Wars II (TV) as Megastorm/Gigastorm, Powerhug
Beyblade 2002 (TV) as Gideon
Black Blood Brothers (TV) as Mitaki Onezaki
Black Bullet (TV) as Shigetoku Tadashima
Bomberman Jetters (TV) as Daibon
Boruto: Naruto Next Generations as Master Kajiki
Beast Wars Neo (TV) as Rockbuster
Bermuda Triangle: Colorful Pastrale (TV) as Manta
Corrector Yui (TV) as Warwolf/Synchro
Death Note (TV) as Jack Neylon/Kal Snydar
Detroit Metal City (OVA) as The Capitalist Pig/Keisuke Nashimoto
Di Gi Charat Nyo (TV) as Kintarou Kumagaya
Di Gi Charat Summer Special as Paya Paya
Digimon Adventure 02 (TV) as Mushamon
Digimon Tamers (TV) as Allomon (5), Mushamon (10)
Digimon Frontier (TV) as Snimon
Digimon Adventure (2020 TV series) (TV) as Algomon, Gaossmon, Abbadomon
Drifting Dragons as Badakin
Fairy Tail (TV) as Jose Porla, Byro (Edolas), Byro Cracy, Atlas Flame, Geoffrey, Arlock and Yajeel
Fantastic Children (TV) as Radcliff (ep 1)
Freezing Vibration (TV) as Marks Spencer
Full Moon (TV) as Jim Franklin
Ghost Hunt (TV) as Matsuyama
Ginga Densetsu Weed (TV) as Akame; Narrator
Hatena Illusion (TV) as Jeeves Wodehouse
Heroic Age (TV) as Mobeedo Oz Mehelim
Houshin Engi (TV) as Bunchuu
Hozuki's Coolheadedness (TV) as Rurio
Hungry Heart: Wild Striker (TV) as Kazuo Murakami
Hunter × Hunter (1999) (TV) as Geretta, Gotoh, Nobunaga Hazama
Hunter × Hunter (OVA) as Nobunaga Hazama
Hunter × Hunter (2011) (TV) as Johness The Dissector
Jigoku Shōjo Futakomori (TV) as Kihachi Kusumi (ep 13)
Jubei-chan - Secret of the Lovely Eyepatch (TV) as Daigo Ryujoji/Taiko Daiyu
Katekyo Hitman Reborn! (TV) as Yamamoto's dad
Kodocha (TV) as Mr. Hayama; Nakao's father
Kyo Kara Maoh! (TV) as Dakaskos
Lance N' Masques (TV) as Gai Kongouji
Leave it to Piyoko! (OAV) as Bug
Legendz: Yomigaeru Ryuuou Densetsu (TV) as President
Les Misérables: Shōjo Cosette (TV) as Javert
Monsuno (TV) as Petro
Mōretsu Pirates (TV) as Oyaji-san
Mouse (TV) as Audio Transmission 1 (Ep 2); One (Ep 9-12)
Mushishi (TV) as Father (ep 7)
Muteking the Dancing Hero (TV) as Tommy
Nanaka 6/17 (TV) as Taizou Kirisato
Natsume's Book of Friends as One-Eyed Middle Class Yokai, Umpire Youkai
Nobunaga Concerto as Hachisuka Masakatsu
Ojarumaru (TV) as Oshino Itsute
One Piece (TV) as Du Feld, Kuni, Daikoku
Ore, Tsushima (TV) as Osamu
Panyo Panyo Di Gi Charat (TV) as Director
Papillon Rose (TV) as Master
Peacemaker Kurogane (TV) as Hajime Saitou
Real Drive (TV) as Mamoru Aoi
Rizelmine (TV) as Papa C
Sadamitsu the Destroyer (TV) as Detective
Samurai Deeper Kyo (TV) as Saizou Kiragakure
Sh15uya (live-action TV) as Igaya
Shiawase Sou no Okojo-san (TV) as Kitsune-sensei
Shura no Toki (TV) as Miyamoto Musashi
Silent Möbius (TV) as Carua Se; Shiobara
Slayers REVOLUTION (TV) as Duclis
Sol Bianca: The Legacy (OAV) as Auctioneer (Ep 1)
Suzuka as Yoshio Akitsuki
Tales of Hearts as Labrado Arcome
The Demon Girl Next Door Season 2 (TV) as Shirosawa
The Price of Smiles (TV) as Gale Owens
The Prince of Tennis (TV) as Nanijiroh Echizen
The Prince of Tennis: A Day on Survival Mountain (OAV) as Nanijiroh Echizen
Tonkatsu DJ Agetarō (TV) as Gorō Mizokuro
Toriko as Pen (ep 85)
Transformers: Robots in Disguise (TV) as God Magnus
Tsukuyomi -Moon Phase- (TV) as Kinkeru
Ultimate Girls (TV) as Yosaku Okamura
Uzumaki (TV) as Shuichi's Father
Violinist of Hamelin (TV) as Beast King Guitar
You're Under Arrest (TV) as Instructor (ep 4)
You're Under Arrest OVA as Instructor; Lancia Man
Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters (TV) as Maze Sibling (Older)
Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX (TV) as Gergo
Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's (TV) as Mizoguchi
Yumeiro Patissiere (TV) as Kazuhiko Kirishima (ep 22)
Zoids Genesis (TV) as Ra-Kan
Zipang as Mamoru Satake
Films
Escaflowne: The Movie as Nukushi
Ghost in the Shell (movie) as Criminal
Beast Wars II The Movie (special) as Gigastorm
Natsume's Book of Friends The Movie: Ephemeral Bond (movie) as One-Eyed Middle Class Yokai
Natsume's Book of Friends: The Waking Rock and the Strange Visitor (movie) as One-Eyed Middle Class Yokai
Live Action Films
The Grudge (live-action movie) as Takeo Saeki
The Grudge 2 (live action movie) as Takeo Saeki
Ju-on: The Grudge (live-action movie) as Takeo Saeki
Heisei Ultraseven as Togo
Kamen Rider Kuuga (live-action TV) as Morimichi Sugita
StrayDog (live-action movie) as Man in White
Video Games
Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike as Oro
Street Fighter V as Necalli and Oro
Warriors Orochi 4 as Zeus
Tokusatsu
Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger as Jarnake Saucer (ep 38)
Dubbing
Live-action
Aquaman (live-action movie) as King Ricou of the Fishermen (voice-over for Djimon Hounsou)
The Brothers Bloom (live-action movie) as Stephen (voice-over for Mark Ruffalo)
The Crow: Wicked Prayer (live-action movie) as El Niño (voice-over for Dennis Hopper)
Hulk (live-action movie) as Harper (voice-over for Kevin Rankin)
Man of Steel (live-action movie) as Steve Lombard (voice-over for Michael Kelly)
A Mighty Heart (live-action movie) as Mir Zubair Mahmood, East Karachi Deputy Inspector General (voice-over for Irrfan Khan)
Mr. Bean's Holiday (live-action movie) as Mr. Bean (voice-over for Rowan Atkinson)
Speed Racer (live-action movie) as Sparky (voice-over for Kick Gurry)
Super 8 (live-action movie) as Louis Dainard (voice-over for Ron Eldard)
Swordfish (live-action movie) as Axl's lawyer (voice-over for Kirk B.R. Woller)
The Twilight Zone (TV series) as Captain Lane Pendleton (voice-over for Greg Kinnear)
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins (live-action movie) as Reggie Jenkins (voice-over for Mike Epps)
Animation
The Powerpuff Girls (TV) as Fuzzy Lumpkins
References
External links
1960 births
Japanese male film actors
Japanese male television actors
Japanese male video game actors
Japanese male voice actors
Living people
People from Tokyo
20th-century Japanese male actors
21st-century Japanese male actors
This is a list of some people who were fatally bitten by snakes in the United States by decade in reverse chronological order. It is not a comprehensive list.
Snake species
The United States has about 30 species of venomous snakes, which include 23 species of rattlesnakes, three species of coral snakes, two species of cottonmouth, and two species of copperhead. At least one species of venomous snake is found in every state except Hawaii, Maine, Rhode Island, and Alaska.
It has been estimated that 7,000–8,000 people per year receive venomous snake bites in the United States, and about five of those people die. Though most fatal bites are attributed to rattlesnakes, the copperhead accounts for more snakebite incidents than any other venomous North American species. Rattlesnake bites, by comparison, are approximately four times as likely to result in a death or major effects as a copperhead bite.
Venomous snakes are distributed unevenly throughout the United States — the vast majority of snake bites occur in warm weather states. States like Florida and Texas have a wide variety and large population of venomous snakes. Bites from venomous snakes are extremely rare in the states near the Canada–US border. Maine, for example, theoretically has only one species (timber rattlesnake); it is rarely seen, and then only in the southern part of the state, and the species is likely extirpated in Maine, with the last sighting in 1901.
21st century
2020s
2010s
2000s
1990s
1980s
1970s
1960s
1950s
1940s
1930s
1920s
1910s
1900s
18th and 19th century
See also
Snakes:
Snakebite
Venomous snakes
Snake handling
Epidemiology of snakebites
Other animals:
List of fatal bear attacks in North America
List of fatal cougar attacks in North America
List of fatal shark attacks in the United States
List of fatal alligator attacks in the United States
List of wolf attacks in North America
Fatal dog attacks in the United States
References
External links
Southeastern Outdoors – Fatal Rattlesnake Bites
Venomous Snakebites in the United States: Management Review and Update from American Family Physician website
Snake
Snake bites
Snake bites
snake
Roberto Valera Chamizo (b. Havana, 1938) is a Cuban composer and pedagogue that has a made a substantial contribution to the development of music in Cuba.
Academic formation
Roberto Valera initiates its music studies in 1948 with professors Waldina Cortina, Ñola Sahig, José Ardévol, Edgardo Martín and Leo Brouwer in the Municipal Conservatory of Havana, where he also received singing lessons from soprano Zoila Gálvez in 1956. Valera was granted a scholarship from the Cuban government in 1965 to study in Poland with renowned composers Witold Rudzinski and Andrzej Dobrowolski. He also received a degree in education from the Escuela Normal para Maestros in Havana, and a PhD in pedagogy from the University of Havana.
Professional activity
At the request of composer Leo Brouwer, Roberto Valera worked from 1961 to 1965 as a musical advisor at the Instituto Cubano del Arte y la Industria Cinematográficos (ICAIC), starting also a career as a film composer.
After returning from Poland, Valera was appointed as director of The Alejandro García Caturla Conservatory in Marianao, Havana, and in 1968 he became Head of Harmony and Contemporary Techniques at the National School of Arts Music School.
In 1976, Roberto Valera began a long term association with the Instituto Superior de Arte (ISA), serving as Dean and professor of composition, orchestration and contemporary techniques. He also founded the school's Electroacoustic Music Studio.
Valera has also held different positions on the executive board of Unión Nacional de Escritores y Artistas de Cuba (UNEAC), including a term as President of its Music Section from 1990 to 1992.
Work
Roberto Valera has composed an extensive catalog that includes music for soloists, chamber ensembles orchestra, and choir, as well as for numerous ballets, cartoons and films. Following a select list of Valeras works: The living composers project.
Orchestral: Devenir, 1969; Concierto por la Paz, saxophone, orchestra, 1985; Extraplan, 1990; Yugo y estrella, 1995; Concierto de Cojimar, guitar, orchestra, 1998; Non divisi, string orchestra, 1999
Chamber music: String Quartet, 1967; Tres Impertinencias, ensemble, 1971; Tierra de sol, cielo y tierra, ensemble, 1993; Glosas del tiempo recobrado, violin, cello, piano, percussion, 1994
Choral: Ire a Santiago, mixed chorus, 1969; Cuatro Poemas de Nicolás Guillén, soprano, mixed chorus, orchestra, 2001
Vocal: Conjuro, soprano, orchestra, 1968
Piano: Doce Estudios Caribeños, 2002; Van Gogh's Blues Ear, 2002; Cuento Sonoro, 2004
Electroacoustic: Ajiaco, tape, 1990; Palmas, tape, 1992; Periodo espacial, tape, 1993; Loa del camino, tape, 1999; Las Sombras no Abandonan, tape, 2000
Awards
Among many recognitions, Roberto Valera has received the following:
First Prize, Competition of the Cuban Ministry of Culture, 1985 (for Concierto por la Paz)
National Award, UNEAC, 1989 (for his entire oeuvre)
The Alejo Carpentier Medal
The Félix Varela Medal
The National Culture Award of the Cuban Council of the State
The Ministry of Higher Education has also awarded him for his contribution to Cuban education
Other honors include
The Basse Terre Medal in Guadeloupe
The José Maria Heredia Medal of the province of Santiago (Cuba)
The Karol Szymanowski Medal of the Polish Ministry of Art and Culture
See also
Music of Cuba
References
External links
YouTube. Coralina: Iré a Santiago by Roberto Valera. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vASXqSS-LEA
YouTube. La lenta noche en tus ojos by Roberto Valera. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1k7FUAhysts
Cuban composers
1938 births
Living people
Instituto Superior de Arte faculty
National Art Schools (Cuba) faculty
Tando Jan Muhammad is located in Taluka Digri, Mirpurkhas Sindh Pakistan. It is situated near District Mirpurkhas about 60 km from Mirpurkhas city. This city was built by Mir Jan Muhammad talpur. The Current population of the city is above 50000, and Many Famous people's belongs to this city, on of them was late Mir Haji Khuda Bux khan talpur, He belonged to the family of Late Mir Jan Muhammad talpur, He was a political leader of that time, He made great contribution to this city, In the Late 50's and early 60's, he started to developed main infrastructure of city,His great contribution are
High School of Tando Jan Muhammad,
The Hostel of the High School,
Degree College of Tando Jan Muhammad,
In that time these things were not quietly known to the common people, Now everyone has access to free education,
But the current condition of Tando Jan Muhammad is very bad, now this city is surrounded with many problems, Problems are following,
Bad Drainage system
No Good Political Leadership
Water problem
Incomplete LPOD
Populated places in Sindh
Mirpur Khas District
Jean Gerard may refer to:
Jean Broward Shevlin Gerard, American ambassador
Jean Sebastien Gerard, musician
Dickinson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,703. The county seat is Spirit Lake. The county was organized in 1857 and is named in honor of Daniel S. Dickinson, a U.S. Senator for New York.
Dickinson County comprises the Spirit Lake, IA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (5.8%) is water. It is the smallest county by land area in Iowa, and the fifth-smallest by total area.
A region known as the Iowa Great Lakes is in Dickinson County, making it a popular vacation destination for Iowans, and explaining the recent high population growth in the area. The lakes include West Okoboji Lake, East Okoboji Lake, and Spirit Lake.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 71
Iowa Highway 9
Iowa Highway 86
Adjacent counties
Jackson County, Minnesota (north)
Emmet County (east)
Clay County (south)
Osceola County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 17,703 in the county, with a population density of . 96.84% of the population reported being of one race. 92.71% were non-Hispanic White, 0.45% were Black, 2.29% were Hispanic, 0.12% were Native American, 0.46% were Asian, 0.01% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, and 3.96% were some other race or more than one race. There were 13,691 housing units of which 7,976 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 16,667 in the county, with a population density of . There were 12,849 housing units, of which 7,554 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 16,424 people, 7,103 households, and 4,759 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 11,375 housing units at an average density of 30 per square mile (12/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.90% White, 0.18% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.10% from other races, and 0.43% from two or more races. 0.66% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,103 households, out of which 26.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.80% were married couples living together, 6.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.00% were non-families. 28.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.78.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 21.90% under the age of 18, 6.60% from 18 to 24, 23.90% from 25 to 44, 26.90% from 45 to 64, and 20.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,020, and the median income for a family was $47,739. Males had a median income of $30,523 versus $22,131 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,929. 6.00% of the population and 4.20% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total people living in poverty 5.90% of those under the age of 18 and 7.00% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.
Communities
Cities
Arnolds Park
Lake Park
Milford
Okoboji
Orleans
Spirit Lake
Superior
Terril
Wahpeton
West Okoboji
Unincorporated community
Montgomery
Townships
Dickinson County is divided into twelve townships:
Center Grove
Diamond Lake
Excelsior
Lakeville
Lloyd
Milford
Okoboji
Richland
Silver Lake
Spirit Lake
Superior
Westport
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Dickinson County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dickinson County, Iowa
References
Further reading
R.A. Smith, A History of Dickinson County, Iowa: Together with an Account of The Spirit Lake Massacre, and the Indian Troubles on the Northwestern Frontier. Des Moines, IA: The Kenyon Printing & Mfg. Co., 1902.
History of Emmet County and Dickinson County, Iowa: A Record of Settlement, Organization, Progress and Achievement. In Two Volumes. Chicago: Pioneer Publishing Co., 1917.
Volume 1 | Volume 2
External links
Dickinson County government's website
http://www.iowadot.gov/maps//msp/pdf/Dickinson.pdf
1857 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1857
Micropolitan areas of Iowa
Neopithecops is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Neopithecops iolanthe Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983 Torres Strait Islands, Cape York, Trobriand Islands, Batjan
Neopithecops sumbanus Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983 Indonesia Sumba, Tanahjampea, Dammer Island
Neopithecops umbretta Grose-Smith, 1895 Indonesia Lesser Sunda Islands, Tanahjampea, Sula Islands, Maluku Islands, Obi Island
Neopithecops zalmora (Butler, 1870)
Neopithecops sp. – undescribed
References
"Neopithecops Distant, 1884" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and some other life forms
Polyommatini
Butterflies of Indonesia
Lepidoptera of Papua New Guinea
Fauna of the Lesser Sunda Islands
Lycaenidae genera
Piton is a rock climbing tool.
Piton or Pitons may also refer to:
Piton (surname)
Piton (beer), a Pilsner beer from Saint Lucia
Piton, Mauritius, a region in Rivière du Rempart District
Piton State College, a school in Piton, Mauritius
Mons Piton, an isolated mountain on the Moon
Piton Island, Curzon Islands, Antarctica
Pitons (film), see Laila Pakalniņa#Filmography
Pitons (Saint Lucia), two mountainous volcanic plugs in Saint Lucia: Gros Piton and Petit Piton
Pitons, cirques and remparts of Reunion Island, a UNESCO World Heritage Site
See also
Carbet Mountains, Pitons Du Carbet, Martinique
Piton de la Fournaise, a volcano in Réunion
Piton de la Petite Rivière Noire, a mountain in Mauritius
Piton des Neiges, a volcano in Réunion
Piton Sainte-Rose, a town in Réunion
George Fleetwood was the Archdeacon of Totnes in 1713.
He married Dorothy, daughter of Sir George Farewell.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
18th-century British clergy
The zig-zag eel (Mastacembelus armatus), also known as the tire-track eel, tire-track spiny eel or marbled spiny eel, is a species of ray-finned, spiny eels belonging to the genus Mastacembelus (Scopoli, 1777) of the family Mastacembelidae, and is native to the riverine fauna of India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia and other parts of Southeast Asia. The species was described as Macrognathus armatus by Lacepède in 1800.<ref name = CofF>{{Cof record|spid=24161|title='Macrognathus armatus|access-date=13 November 2019}}</ref> Other common names for this popular aquarium species are leopard spiny eel and white-spotted spiny eel. This species is not only a popular aquarium fish but also as a food fish in its country of origin.
DescriptionMastacembelus armatus is a large elongated fish that has a snake-like body without pelvic fins. Its anal and dorsal fins are elongated and are connected to the caudal fin. The dorsal fin is preceded by numerous spines. The back is dark beige in color while the head is silver-beige. The body's color is dull brown and the belly is a lighter shade of brown. The body may also be marked with brown circular patterns. The body also have one to three darker longitudinal zigzag lines that connect to form a distinct reticulated pattern that is restricted to the dorsal two-thirds of the body. The eyes have brown stripes running laterally through them.Mastacembelus armatus can reach up to 36" (91 cm) in its natural habitat but does not usually exceed 20" (51 cm) in captivity.
Despite its eel-like appearance, Mastacembelus armatus is not considered a true eel.
HabitatMastacembelus armatus are nocturnal fish that thrive in highland streams, lowland wetlands, still waters, coastal marshes and rivers with sandy or rocky riverbeds and heavy vegetation. They are common during the tropical summer months and will dwell in canals, lakes and other floodplain areas during the flood season.
In the aquarium
Aquarium maintenanceMastacembelus armatus are bottom dwellers and occasional substrate diggers and burrowers. Those that are 6" (15 cm) long do well in tanks measuring 36" (91 cm) with a capacity of 35 gallons (132 liters). However, larger M. armatus necessitate aquariums measuring at least 48" (122 cm) with 55 gallons (209 liters) capacity.
Zig-zag eels do well in freshwater or slightly brackish aquatic environments (produced by adding two teaspoons of sea salt (not iodated) per 2 gallons of water) with 6 to 25 dH water hardness, with pH readings ranging from 6 to 8, and temperatures that are maintained between 73 and 81 °F (23 to 27 °C).M. armatus'' tend to uproot plants and disturb decorations.
Compatibility
Although zig-zag eels are often combined with medium to large-sized gouramis, knifefish, danios, loaches, Loricariids, eartheaters, acaras, Cichlasomines and Asian catfishes in a community fish aquarium, they are not normally mixed with small-sized fish, because tire track eels are observed to prey upon smaller fish. Mixing them with fish belonging to the same species is also not recommended. This is because they are aggressive to members of the same fish family but peaceful to other fish species with similar care level requirements, size and temperament.
Feeding
Being nocturnal carnivores, zig-zag eels forage on benthic insect larvae, earthworms, blackworms and some submerged plant material. In an aquarium setting, they require live foods in their diet such as live fish, tubifex worms, brine shrimps, mosquito larvae, frozen bloodworms, cyclops, krill and ocean plankton.
Reproduction
Male and female zig-zag eels are only distinguishable when mature. Females are normally plumper than males. Although their fecundity in the wild is high, there are no known successful breeding programs in captivity.
References
Zig-zag eel
Freshwater fish of South Asia
Freshwater fish of Southeast Asia
tire track eel
Taxa named by Bernard Germain de Lacépède
George Howard may refer to:
Music
George Howard (jazz) (1956–1998), American smooth jazz saxophonist
George S. Howard (1902–1995), American colonel and conductor of United States Air Force Band
Politics
George Howard (Governor of Maryland) (1789–1846), governor of Maryland, 1831–1833
Sir George Howard (courtier) (c.1525–1580), MP for Devizes, Rochester, Winchelsea, Newton and Reigate
George Howard (died 1671) (1622–1671), English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1660 and 1671
George Howard, 4th Earl of Suffolk (1624–1691)
George Howard, 6th Earl of Carlisle (1773–1848), English statesman
George Howard, 7th Earl of Carlisle (1802–1864), British politician and statesman
George Howard, 9th Earl of Carlisle (1843–1911), English aristocrat, politician and painter
George Howard, 11th Earl of Carlisle (1895–1963), British peer
George Howard, 13th Earl of Carlisle (born 1949), English hereditary peer
George Howard, Baron Howard of Henderskelfe (1920–1984), British life peer
Sports
George Howard (rugby league), rugby league footballer of the 1940s and 1950s
George Howard (footballer) (born 1996), association footballer for Melbourne Victory
Other
George Howard (British Army officer) (1718–1796), British military officer and field marshal
George C. Howard (1818–1887), Nova Scotian-born American actor and showman
George W. Howard (1848–?), American railway worker and union leader
George Elliott Howard (1849–1928), American professor of history
George Howard (Hebraist), American professor of Jewish Studies
George Bronson Howard (1884-1922), American reporter and fiction writer
George Wren Howard (1893-1968), British publisher
George Howard Jr. (1924–2007), American federal judge
Kristofer Allerfeldt is a British historian and farmer. He teaches History at the University of Exeter.
Career
Allerfeldt's research focuses on the history of racism, nationalism and organised crime in the United States, and the creation of modern American society. He is an occasional political and cultural commentator for The Independent.
His published work has explored subjects such as the KKK, the progressive era, and U.S. deportation policy.
Selected works
Race, Radicalism, Religion and Restriction: Immigration in the Pacific Northwest, 1890-1924. Praeger, 2003
Beyond the Huddled Masses: American Immigration and the Treaty of Versailles. IB Tauris, 2006
The Progressive Era in the USA 1890 - 1921. Ashgate, 2007
Crime and the Rise of Modern America. Routledge, 2011
Organized Crime in the United States, 1865-1941. McFarland, 2018
References
External links
Allerfeldt's profile at the University of Exeter
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
British historians
Academics of the University of Exeter
East Perth Cemeteries was the first cemetery established for the Swan River Colony in 1829 in East Perth, Western Australia. It is estimated that as many as 10,000 people were buried there between 1829 and 1919 in seven independently administered denominations or sections which is why the place is known as 'East Perth Cemeteries'. Only around 800 gravesites have been identified. A large section of the original site has since been built over, leaving about 5 hectares (12.5 acres) remaining.
The site, which is a short distance from Gloucester Park and the WACA Ground, is now bounded by Plain Street, East Perth, Wittenoom Street, Bronte Street and Waterloo Crescent.
History
The cemetery site was surveyed by John Septimus Roe on 24 December 1829 soon after the central portions of the Perth townsite had been surveyed. The area was originally known as Cemetery Hill and was established in 1830. The first burial was of Private John Mitchell from the 63rd regiment. Mitchell died on 6 January 1830; the exact location of his grave site is unknown. A public notice from Peter Broun, the Colonial Secretary on 13 February 1830 said: "to prevent indiscriminate Burials and unpleasant consequences arising therefrom in a warm climate, a Burial Ground will be set apart in Every Township or Parish ... burials will take place in them only and a Register will be kept ... all Burials by the Chaplain will be restricted to times as soon after sunrise as possible, or an hour precisely before sunset..." As it happened, both Broun and Roe were buried in the cemetery and their tombstones are still visible.
The Trustees of the Church of England were granted Perth Town Lot R1 as a general cemetery in 1842. The cemetery was consecrated in 1848, and over the following decades sections of this were granted to various other denominations and ethnic groups with each cemetery being owned and controlled separately. The subsequent grants were: Roman Catholic (1848); "Wesleyanism" (i.e. Methodist; 1854); Congregational (1854); "Hebrew" (i.e. Jewish 1867); Presbyterian (1881); and Chinese (1888). Each of the grants were administered independently, with the exception of the Chinese section.
In 1899, Karrakatta Cemetery became the main burial ground in close proximity to Perth, and from July that year burials officially ceased at East Perth, except where special applications were made to use family graves. The cemetery was used intermittently from then until the last burial in 1919.
Throughout most of the 1900s, the grounds, which adjoined an industrial area, were subject to vandalism and neglect. Appeals from individuals and the Royal Western Australian Historical Society for it to be refurbished given its historical significance continued over some time. In 1931, The Sunday Times reported:
When a representative of this paper visited the cemetery yesterday he found a skull almost intact, leg and arm bones, and other parts of poor mortal remains. These were lying on the rank green grass close to a bricked hole leading to the vault. From the ground above, the rest of the bones could be plainly seen.
When the general public can depend upon viewing the actual remains of a dead person, and when mere children also have sight and access to such, it is time that someone in authority awakened.
In the 1930s, the various church authorities relinquished control of the individual grants and the entire site was then re-vested as Crown land and declared a disused burial ground. From the mid-1930s, control and responsibility for the grounds moved between various government departments and numerous projects were undertaken to refurbish the historic site.
Much of the area devoted to the Chinese, Jewish and Presbyterian sections was originally located west of Plain Street, and an unused Anglican section was located south of Bronte Street. In the late 1940s, these sections were excised and existing headstones removed. Some land west of Plain Street was used by the former Perth Girls' School. Fences separating the individual cemeteries were removed and those areas are now roadways, carparks and commercial and residential buildings. An access road called Forrest Avenue (previously Cemetery Road) crossed diagonally over the block which now houses the multi-storey Main Roads office building. Extensions of Wickham and Horatio Streets have been incorporated into the grounds.
A major redevelopment project in the late 1980s provided for landscaping and perimeter fencing to protect the church and remaining monuments from vandalism.
In 1994, the National Trust of Western Australia became responsible for the management and conservation of the East Perth Cemeteries after being approached by the Department of Conservation and Land Management.
The East Perth Cemeteries are significant for the following reasons:
the place is a rare surviving group of colonial cemeteries which have retained a high degree of integrity and authenticity within the central business district of an Australian capital city
the place is associated with the growth of Perth from a small colonial community to a thriving metropolis and contains the graves from a cross-section of its first colonists from the 1830s – 1890s. The place is also associated with a number of public servants and religious leaders who were important to the development of colonial Perth
the place displays the changes in headstone and cemetery design between 1830 – 1899 and holds important genealogical information on many Western Australian families
the place contains the only mortuary chapel, constructed in Western Australia, which was later converted to function as a parish church and,
the place offers a landscape setting and experience of isolation, tranquility and simplicity that provides a rare contrast to the more verdant, intensely developed public landscapes within the City of Perth.
The National Trust of Australia (WA) is responsible for conservation works, landscape maintenance and education and learning programs for local schools. The Trust is reliant on grants for ongoing conservation works and also has the support of valued volunteers who act as guides and assist with conservation, maintenance and managing burial records.
Much of the retained burial ground lacks visible signs of graves or markers, partly because perishable timber crosses and monuments were used for burials of the poor.
St Bartholomew's Church
The Anglican St Bartholomew's Church is the sole building still standing within the grounds. It was built as a mortuary chapel in 1848. In about 1870 an extension designed by colonial architect Richard Roach Jewell was incorporated and the enlarged building was consecrated as a parish church by the first Bishop of Perth, Mathew Blagden Hale on 16 February 1871.
The church was further extended in 1900 with the enlargement of the sanctuary and nave. These extensions were consecrated on 22 March 1900 by Charles Owen Leaver Riley, the third Bishop of Perth.
St Batholomew's became a popular place of worship for many of the wealthier and predominantly Anglican households in the city which typically lived on Adelaide Terrace and overlooked the Swan River. Attendances declined, however, from about the 1930s when many of Perth and East Perth residents moved to West Perth and other more socially acceptable areas. It was refurbished in 1954 but ceased to function as a parish church in 1963 and for a period operated as a refuge for homeless men from nearby St Bartholomew's House. In November 2002 the Perth Diocese recommenced services at the church and these continue to be held on the 1st, 3rd and 5th Saturdays of each month.
The church and the East Perth Cemeteries were Classified by the National Trust of Australia (WA) in 1973; entered on the Register of the National Estate in 1978 and added to the State Register of Heritage Places in 1992.
Timeline
24 December 1829 — site surveyed by John Septimus Roe
6 January 1830 — first recorded burial. That of Private John Mitchell.
1848 — first portion of St Bartholomew's built
16 February 1871 — St Bartholmew's enlarged. Consecrated as a mortuary chapel by Matthew Hale, the Bishop of Perth
19 August 1888 — St Bartholomew's consecrated as an Anglican parish church. First service conducted by Dean Goldsmith.
late October 1889 — A belfry constructed near the church.
1899 — Cemeteries closed, but due to public demand, burials in existing vaults or family graves were extended.
1900 — St Bartholomew's extended with the addition of a sanctuary and the enlargement of the nave. Extensions consecrated by Charles Owen Leaver Riley on 22 March 1900
1963 — St Bartholomew's ceases to function as a parish church.
17 December 1975 — St Bartholomew's and its driveway vested in the National Trust
1976 — St Bartholomew's restored.
6 May 1986 — the entire cemeteries site enclosed with a wire-mesh fence to stop the repeated vandalism
1994 — National Trust assumes responsibility for the entire site.
2002 — Services recommence at St Bartholomew's
See also
Burials at East Perth Cemeteries
References
External links
Friends of Battye Library / National Trust of Australia
National Trust of Australia
Alphabetical list of known gravesites at East Perth Cemeteries
Further reading
Bodycoat, Ronald. (1992) The East Perth Cemeteries conservation plan: prepared for the National Trust of Australia (WA) Perth, W.A: National Trust of Australia
Easton, Leonard A., and Shardlow, R.H.(1980) The East Perth cemetery and Saint Bartholomew's Church Perth: National Trust of Australia (W.A.)
Oldham, Ray, (1988) The old East Perth Cemetery, 1829-1988 in. Early days, Vol.9, pt.6 (1988), p. 89-97,
Richardson, James A. and Davies, David (1986) East Perth Cemetery : resting place of Western Australian pioneers Perth, W.A: Royal Western Australian Historical Society, Based on Surveys 1983-1986 for the Royal Western Australian Historical Society, Inc.".
Cemeteries in Western Australia
State Register of Heritage Places in the City of Perth
East Perth, Western Australia
National Trust of Western Australia
Western Australian places listed on the defunct Register of the National Estate
1829 establishments in Australia
The United States Revenue Cutter Crawford was the first of the 13 cutters of the Morris-Taney Class to be launched. These cutters were the backbone of the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service for more than a decade. Samuel Humphreys designed these cutters for roles as diverse as fighting pirates, privateers, combating smugglers and operating with naval forces. He designed the vessels on a naval schooner concept. They had Baltimore Clipper lines. The vessels built by Webb and Allen, designed by Isaac Webb, resembled Humphreys' but had one less port
The Crawford, named for Secretary of the Treasury William H. Crawford, initially was assigned to the Collector of Customs in Norfolk, Virginia. In June 1831, she sailed for duty at Savannah, Georgia, arriving on July 1, 1835. The Government sold her in 1835 for $2,300.
The USRC Swiftsure (1825) was renamed Crawford on 31 December 1835 and sold 1 April 1839. USRC Jefferson (commissioned in 1832), was renamed Crawford in 1839 and served until 15 December 1847 when she was wrecked near New London, Connecticut
Notes
Citations
References cited
Schooners of the United States
Morris-Taney-class cutters
Ships built by William H. Webb
1830 ships
Sowqand () is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 250, in 98 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Walk Glacier () is a glacier descending westward from Christoffersen Heights, to the south of Forbidden Rocks, in the Jones Mountains. Mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Donald R. Walk, U.S. Navy, medical officer and officer in charge of Byrd Station, 1961.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
External links
Glaciers of Ellsworth Land
Durians are an agricultural product affected by many plant pathogens and pests. Most of the information here concerns Durio zibethinus, the major commercial species, but a dozen species in the genus Durio are edible durians, and several of those are also grown commercially and these diseases can concern them as well.
Algae
algal leaf spot, red rust (Cephaleuros virescens)
Animals
Vertebrates
These are animals that eat or destroy durian fruit or trees. Many of these are shot or poisoned by farmers. Some of these species naturally act as seed dispersers, which benefits the plant but does not benefit farmers.
black hornbill (Anthracoceros malayanus)
squirrel
grey-bellied squirrel (Callosciurus caniceps)
black-striped squirrel (Callosciurus nigrovittatus)
plantain squirrel (Callosciurus notatus)
Prevost's squirrel (Callosciurus prevostii)
Asian elephant (Elephas maximus)
Sun bears (Helarctos malayanus)
crab-eating macaque (Macaca fascicularis)
Rats
Malayan field rat (Rattus tiomanicus)
Bornean orangutan (Pongo pygmaeus),
feral pig (Sus scrofa domesticus) and wild boar (Sus scrofa)
viverrids (Viverridae sp.)
Invertebrates
Most of these are arthropods, but nematodes and gastropods are also of concern.
Arthropods
Acrocercops sp.
Adoretus sp.
Allocaridara malayensis
durian psyllid (Allocarsidara malayensis Syn. Tenaphalara malayensis)
leaf roller (Adoxophyes privatana)
durian leaf hopper (Amrasca durianae)
shining leaf chafer (Anomala sp.)
cotton aphid (Aphis gossypii)
Apogonia sp.
leaf eating beetle (Aprosterna pallida)
leaf roller (Archips machlopis syn. Cacoecia machlopis)
leaf eating (Arctornis cygna)
leaf eating (Arthisma scissuralis)
coconut scale (Aspidiotus destructor)
leaf scale (Asterolecanium sp.)
Asterolecaniam ungulata (probably Asterolecanium ungulatum)
flower webber Autoba versicolor (Syn. Eublemma versicolora)
stem borer (Batocera gultata)
borer (Canopia sp.)
sap beetle (Carpophilus sp.)
sap beetle (Carpophilus floveicollis)
Cephonodes ?higlas
longhorn beetle larvae (Cerambycidae)
Chalcoscelis albiguttata -pest of leaves
leaf eating, gelatine grub (Chalcocelis albiguttatus)
scale insect (Coccoidea)
scale insect, soft scale (Coccus sp.)
durian fruit borer, durian husk borer, yellow peach moth, Queensland bollworm (Conogethes punctiferalis syn. Monogatus puntiferalis and Dichocrocis punctiferalis)
trunk borer (Conopia sp.), secondary infection after Phytophthora palmivora
leaf eating bagworm (Pteroma pendula)
litchi fruit moth, macadamia nut borer (Cryptophlebia ombrodelta)
Indo-Malaysian drywood termite (Cryptotermes cynocephalus)
leaf mining grub (Dactylispa leonardi)
durian hawkmoth (Daphnusa ocellaris)
leaf eating tussock moth (Dasychira inclusa)
tussock moth (Dasychira mendosa)
tussock moth (Dasychira osseata)
Drosophila punctpennis
leaf eating caterpillar (Erizada lichenaria)
African red mite, citrus brown mite (Eutetranychus africanus)
oriental red mite (Eutetranychus orientalis Klein misidentification)
cotton leaf roller (Haritalodes derogata (syn. Sylepta derogata)
cotton boll worm (Helicoverpa armigera formerly Heliothis armigera)
horned treehopper (Hemicentrus attenuatus (Sarritor attenuatus)
leaf roller moth (Homona coffearia)
leaf roller moth (Homono difficilis)
leaf roller moth (Homona eductana)
flower eating moth (Horaga onyx onyx)
leaf eating weevil (Hypomeces squamosus)
durian fruit borer (Hypoperigea leprosticta syn. Plagideicta leprosticta)
Stem scale insect (Icerya sp.)
Idiophantis chiridota
termite (Isoptera), specifically lumber of Durio carinatus
Lacifer javanus
powderpost beetle (Lyctus sp.)
leaf eating caterpillar (Lymantria marginata)
coconut case worm (Mahasena corbetti)
thrip (Megalurothrips sp.)
Microtermes pallidus
hairy powderpost beetle (Minthea rugicollis), recorded on Durio lowianus and Durio oxleyanus
Monolepta bifasciata
durian seed borer (Mudaria luteileprosa)
durian seed borer (Mudaria magniplaga)
Nodostoma sp.
mite (Oligonychus biharensis)
Orthaga semialba
cocoa tussock moth (Orgyia postica)
tussock moth (Orygia turbata)
longan leaf-eating looper (Oxyodes scrobiculata)
leaf eating caterpillar (Paracrama dulcissima)
Paralecanium expansum
Paralecanium vacuum
Phenacaspis hedyoticlis
Phostria nicoalis
Phostria xipharesalis
durian seed and fruit borer (Plagideicta magniplaga (syn. Mudaria magniplaga)
coffee mealybug (Planococcus lilacinus)
mealybug (Planococcus minor)
ambrosia beetle (Platypodinae or Scolytinae)
Platypus cupulatus
weevil (Platytrachelus psittacinus)
red coffee borer, red branch borer (Polyphagozerra coffeae syn. Zeuzera coffeae)
up-country tea termite (Postelectrotermes militaris)
mealybug (Pseudococcus sp.) description matches Planococcus minor)
flower eating moth (Rapala dieneces dieneces)
fruit eating moth (Remelana jangala ravata)
Rhadinomerus sp.
stem borer (Rhytidodera simulans)
scale insect, soft scale insect (Saissetia sp.)
Scheloribates sp.
chilli thrips (Scirtothrips dorsalis)
Seira jacobsoni
leaf eating caterpillar (Setora fletcheri)
leaf eating (Spilosoma sp.)
bark feeder (Squamura sp.)
Squamura maculata (syn. Indarbela flavina)
leaf eating (Suana concolor)
Sylepta bipunctalis
Synanthedon sp.
Tenaphalara malayensis
mite (Tetranychus fijiensis)'
thrips (Thrips coloratus)
thrips (Thrips hawaiiensis)
oil palm bunch moth (Tirathaba mundella)
fruit boring caterpillar (Tirathaba ruptilinea)
leaf eating caterpillar (Tiruvaca subcostalis)
durian rind borer, fruit borer (Tonica terasella)
citrus aphid (Toxoptera aurantii)
mould mite (Tyrophagus putrescentiae)
Xyleborus cordatus
Xyleborus declivigranulatus
typical bark beetle (Xyleborus ferrugineus)
tea shot hole borer (Xyleborus fornicatus)
Xyleborus formicatus
Xyleborus similis
Xyleborus testsceus (syn. Xyleborus perforans)
borer (Zeuzera sp.)
Other invertebrates
spiral nematode Helicotylenchus sp.
giant African snail (Lissachatina fulica formerly Achatina fulica)
Macroposthonia sp.
root-knot nematode Meloidogyne sp.
lesion nematode Pratylenchus sp.
hypocotyl rot (Pratylenchus coffeae)
Radopholus sp.
reniform nematode Rotylenchulus reniformis
stunt nematode Tylenchorhynchus sp.
dagger nematode Xiphinema sp.
Bacteria
stem canker (Enterobacter sp.)
postharvest fruit rot (Erwinia sp.)
stem canker (Flavobacterium sp.)
stem canker (Pseudomonas sp.)
Fungi
Fungi affect both the tree before harvest and the fruit after harvest. Some listed species may only cause cosmetic damage, or the association is unknown.
stem rot (Albonectria rigidiuscula syn. Calonectria rigidiuscula, Fusarium decemcellulare)
Sclerotium fruit rot (Athelia rolfsii syn. Sclerotium rolfsii, Corticium rolfsii)
leaf fungus (Aschersonia)
secondary/opportunistic fruit rot (Aspergillus niger and other Aspergillus spp.)
stem rot (Bionectria ochroleuca syn. Nectria ochroleuca)
Calonectria kyotensis
secondary/opportunistic fruit rot (Candida sp.)
sooty mold (Capnodium moniliforme)
leaf spot (Cercospora sp.)
seedling dieback (Chaetomium trilaterale)
leaf anthracnose, root rot (Colletotrichum sp., syn. Glomerella)
Colletotrichum durionis
Colletotrichum zibethinum
Coriolus vesicolor
leaf spot and dieback (Corticium solani)
leaf blotch (Corynespora cassiicola)
Curvularia sp.
leaf spot (Curvularia affinis)
scion dieback (Diplodia sp.)
die back (Diplodia durionis)
root disease (Fusarium sp.)
Fusarium fruit rot, stem rot (Fusarium solani syn. Nectria haematococca, Haematonectria haematococca)
Fusarium oxysporum
twig blight (Fusicoccum sp.)
Ganoderma pseudoferreus
Geotrichum candidum
secondary/opportunistic fruit rot (Gibberella intricans)
Gliocephalotrichum bulbilium
leaf spot (Gloeosporium sp.)
anthracnose (Gloeosporimn zibethinum)
leaf anthracnose and leaf spot (Glomerella cingulata syn. Colletotrichum gloeosporioides)?
black and brown leaf spot (Homostegia durionis)
Lasiodiplodia sp.
Diplodia fruit rot (Lasiodiplodia theobromae syn. Botryodiplodia theobromae) - can also cause dieback and leaf scorch
Lentinus subnudus
sooty mold (Leptoxyphium sp.)
Macrophomina phaseolina (syn. Macrophomina phaseoli)
thread blight (Marasmiellus scandens)
black mildew, sooty mould (Meliola durionis)
Metacapnodium dennisii
sooty mold (Metacapnodium moniliforme)
Mucor rot, fruit rot (Mucor sp.)
leaf spot (Myrothecium verrucaria)
bark rot (Nectria sp.)
powdery mildew (Oidium sp.)
powdery mildew (Oidium nephelii)
leaf mould Passalora fulva (syn. Cladosporium fulvum
secondary/opportunistic fruit rot (Penicillium sp.)
seedling dieback (Perisporium sp.)
leaf spot (Pestalotia sp.)
pink disease/ (Phanerochaete salmonicolor syn. Botryobasidium salmonicolor, Corticium salmonicolor, Erythricium salmonicolor)
leaf spot (Phomopsis sp.)
Phomopsis leaf spot, Phomopsis fruit rot, branch and stem necrosis, leaf spot of seedlings (Phomopsis durionis)
sooty mould of fruits, twigs, and leaves (Phragmocapnias betle)
Phyllachora makrospora
seedling rim blight, leaf spot, postharvest fruit rot (Phyllosticta sp.)
rim blight, leaf spot (Phyllosticta durionis)
leaf parasite (Placosphaeria durionis)
Plokamidomyces colensoi
black crust of fruit, leaf mould, sooty mold (Polychaeton sp.)
postharvest fruit rot (Pseudocochliobolus eragrostidis, syn. Curvularia eragrostidis, Cochliobolus eragrostidis)
leaf spot (Pyrenochaeta sp.)
leaf blight, leaf fall (Rhizoctonia sp.)
Rhizoctonia leaf blight, leaf fall, foliar blight, leaf rot (Rhizoctonia solani syn. Thanatephorus cucumeris)
Rhizopus sp.
Rhizopus rot, fruit rot (Rhizopus stolonifer sy. Rhizopus artocarpi)
wood rot, white root disease (Rigidoporus microporus syn. Fomes lignosus, Rigidoporus lignosus)
Typhula sp. (syn. Sclerotium sp.)
sooty mold (Scorias spongiosa)
leaf mould (Spiropes capensis syn. Helminthosporium capensis)
Trametes persoonii
sooty mould of twigs, petioles, and leaves (Trichomerium grandisporum)
black film on leaves, sooty mold (Trichopeltheca asiatica)
sooty mold Tripospermum sp.
scion dieback (Ustulina sp.)
Verticillium sp.
Oomycetes
Oomycetes are often confused with fungi.
Phytophthora botryosa
leaf blight (Phytophthora nicotianae var. nicotianae)
Phytophthora nicotianae var. parasitica
bark rot, fruit rot, hypocotyl rot, patch canker, root rot (Phytophthora palmivora)
Phytophthora parasitica
root rot (Pythium sp.)
Pythium root rot, patch canker, root disease (Pythium vexans syn. Pythium complectens, Phytopythium vexans
Plants
Some plants growing on durian trees can be problematic or even parasitic.
dragon scales (Drymoglossum piloselloides)
mistletoe (Elytranthe barnesii)
mistletoe (Loranthus pentandrus)
Non-pathogenic epiphytes and symbiotes
These species live on or in durian trees as epiphytes but typically do not harm the tree or fruit. However, Trentepohlia species can grow thick enough to block lenticels and inhibit ramiflorous flowering.
Aschersonia placentae (teleomorph: Hypocrella raciborskii)
Diploicia canescens (formerly Buellia canescens
oakleaf fern (Drynaria quercifolia) Anderson (1966)
strangling fig (Ficus benjamina) Anderson (1966)
Hypocrella raciborskii (syn. Aschersonia placentae)
Parmelia sp.
Phycopeltis
Pleurococcus
Pleurococcus nagelii
Trebouxia
Trentepohlia sp.
Trentepohlia arboreum
Trentepohlia arborum (syn. Trentepohlia bisporangiata)
Trentepohlia aurea
Trentepohlia monile (syn. Physolinum monilis, Trentepohlia moniliformis)
Velvet felt, felt fungus (Septobasidium sp.)
Hyperparasites and secondary associations
Hyperparasitism is when durian parasites become the hosts for other parasites.
Aschersonia placenta is a pest of Asterolecanium ungulata
Bionectria ochroleuca (syn. Nectria ochroleuca) is associated with Albonectria rigidiuscula
Gliocladium roseum is a parasite of Phytophthora palmivora
Hypocrella raciborskii is a pest of Asterolecanium ungulata
Loranthus ferrugineus can parasitize Viscum articulatum, which can be a parasite of Elytranthe barnesii
Nectria haemalococca is associated with Albonectria rigidiuscula
References
Durio
Tropical agriculture
Durian
Durian
Per-Arne Andersson (born 15 July 1958) is a Swedish water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Swedish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Sweden
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Västerås
Park Manor is a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight.
History
Park is a 300–400 acre holding lying on the north-east boundary of the parish and partly in St. Helens, which came in the 16th century to be termed a manor. It was held with Ruttleston at the close of the 13th century by William de Nevill and his wife Muriel as half a fee of William Russell, lord of Yaverland, and was perhaps the same holding which Amice de Insula (Lisle) granted to William and Muriel in 1271–2. At the beginning of the 14th century Thomas Gatcombe is given as owner of Park. This name should perhaps be Daccombe, as in 1346 John Daccombe and his coparceners were holding half a knight's fee at Park, which had formerly belonged to Thomas 'Lacombe.' In 1428 Elizabeth Lisle was in possession of this estate, which three years later had passed to Henry Lisle. The manor has since followed the same descent as Nettlestone in St. Helens. The courts from the time of Edward VI were held for Park and Nettlestone together.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Capon Springs, also known as Frye's Springs and Watson Town, is a national historic district in Capon Springs, West Virginia that includes a number of resort buildings ranging in age from the mid-nineteenth century to the early 20th century. The area grew around a mineral spring discovered by Henry Frye in the 1760s, so that by 1787 the town of Watson had been established. By 1850, the 168-room Mountain House Hotel had been built, enduring until it burned in 1911. Also in 1850, the state of Virginia built Greek Revival bath pavilions and the President's House. A period of decline followed the Mountain House fire, but rebuilding began in the 1930s under the ownership of Louis Austin. The resort is still in Austin family ownership.
The resort was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
In 2013, the resort was named West Virginia's Family-Owned Business of the Year.
See also
List of historic sites in Hampshire County, West Virginia
References
External links
Official website
Buildings and structures in Hampshire County, West Virginia
Destination spas
Golf clubs and courses in West Virginia
Greek Revival architecture in West Virginia
Historic districts in Hampshire County, West Virginia
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Hampshire County, West Virginia
Resorts in West Virginia
Vernacular architecture in West Virginia
Victorian architecture in West Virginia
Tourist attractions in Hampshire County, West Virginia
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Public baths on the National Register of Historic Places
Public baths in the United States
Sac City Monument Square Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district located in Sac City, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015. The square consists of the General Sherman Hall (1892), Memorial Statue (1894), the American Legion Hall (1922), four World War II era Howitzers, and three granite tablets that commemorate the lives of the soldiers from Sac County who fought in World War I, World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. The Vietnam War tablet does not contribute to the historic district because it is a more recent installation.
The Neoclassical General Sherman Hall was built by the local Grand Army of the Republic (GAR) post. Organized in 1884 as Sac City Post No. 284, its name was changed in 1891 to the General Sherman Post in honor of William Tecumseh Sherman, who had died earlier that year. In 1873 the present Sac County Courthouse was completed a half block north of the former courthouse to eliminate the turns around the city square. The local GAR acquired the half-block property that remained as Monument Square for a soldier's monument and a hall to honor General Sherman. The buildings served as a meeting hall for the General Sherman Post, the Women's Relief Corps, and Sons of Veterans. The soldier's monument was the work of New York sculptor Maurice J. Power.
The American Legion Cantigny Post No. 195 was organized in Sac City in 1919. They bought property that overlooked Monument Square for a meeting hall and memorial, and the Neoclassical structure was completed in 1922. The Veterans of Foreign Wars (V.F.W.) Post 590 of Sac City erected the three granite tablets to commemorate the local soldiers who served in the four 20th century conflicts. The larger tablet memorializes the soldiers from World War I and World War II. The two smaller tablets commemorate the Korean and Vietnam conflicts.
References
Sac City, Iowa
Neoclassical architecture in Iowa
Monuments and memorials in Iowa
Buildings and structures in Sac County, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Sac County, Iowa
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Historic districts in Sac County, Iowa
Monuments and memorials on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Iowa
Military monuments and memorials in the United States
1884 establishments in Iowa
Helga Susanne Sanggaard Petersen (born December 7, 1959 in Roskilde) is a Danish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. She finished seventh in the K-4 500 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1959 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Danish female canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Denmark
People from Roskilde
Sportspeople from Region Zealand
Inquisição is a Brazilian hard rock and metal band, formed in 1983. Albums they have released are One More Battle and Reborn.
Band history
Founded in 1983 by the brothers Luiz F. Machado and João H. Machado, the band had several line-ups through its history. It all started with the name, chosen by João Machado who, after studying the Middle Ages, had a special interest in the Crusades, in the Knights Templar and in the Inquisition. The period which Silvio Mazzei and Roberto Moura (drums, former Dorsal Atlântica) joined the band marked the phase when Inquisição started to play very often in Rio de Janeiro, especially at Circo Voador and Caverna 2, the city's main Heavy Metal venues. They also recorded another demo with this line-up, with the songs Cruz de Ferro and Cães Malditos, at Estúdio Performance, which belonged to Daniel Cheese, producer and former guitarist of the band Água Brava. In 1987, the band recorded their third demo tape, again at Estúdio Performance, including the songs Tempo Fechado, Cruz de Ferro, Cães Malditos, Insano and Napalm. This tape had a good reception, and was sold in underground record stores in Brazil at the time.
Its songs were also played in metal radio shows such as Guitarras at Fluminense FM and Transmetálica at Transamerica FM, among others. It sold more than 2000 copies in Rio and São Paulo alone. After reviewing this demo, foreign magazines such as Kerrang (England) and Metal Hammer (Germany) considered Inquisição the best Brazilian new band of that time, and it was also covered by Brazilian magazines such as Rock Brigade (from São Paulo) and Metal (from Rio). It was also during this period that Luiz F. Machado and Silvio Mazzei became the band main songwriters, a partnership kept until today. All Inquisição songs have been written by them. In 1989 the band performed their final gig, with Jaime de Moraes on the drums, on a show with Dorsal Atlântica. In 2001, the demo was printed as a bootleg LP, which was sold all over the world. Because of the promotion of this bootleg, heavy metal websites, such as Germany's Encyclopedia Metallum, started having Inquisição pages, telling the band's history up to that year, 1987. Silvio Mazzei got a copy of this bootleg, and after some talks, the band decided to get back together after a 17-year break.
So in 2008, One More Battle, the band's first official album was released. After some very positive reviews around the world, the band got the chance to be the supporting act for Deep Purple on February 22, 2008 at the Citibank Hall, Rio de Janeiro.
In 2009, Silvio and Luiz started to write new material for the band's second album, Reborn. For this new effort, some new friends were invited such as Flavio Pascarillo (drums) and Marcio Chicralla (bass). Leonardo Pagani (drums) & Alex Berger (guitar) also performed on this album joining Luiz, Silvio and Marcio on the live part of the CD since the band decided to re-record six songs from their early demo-tapes that will appear as bonus tracks on Reborn under the title “The 1985-87 Demo Tapes Revisited”. Reborn was released in December 2010 under the Portuguese record label “Metal Soldiers”, thanks to Fernando Roberto.
The band members are working on their third album.
Recordings
One More Battle
Track list:
The Exorcist
Going Down the Abyss
The Animal
Long Day Anxiety
Insane Warrior
Salvation Star
A Touch of Reality
When Faith Is Dying
Survive
Heaven Is Falling
Sacttered Mind
One More Battle
Reborn
Track list:
Darkest Dreams
Midnight Wanderer
Bullets Flying
Break Down the Walls
Reborn
Burn you Down
Death of the Sun
Judgement Day
One Man Revolution
Grey Skies
Brand New Day
Caes Maldidos
Cruz de Ferro
Tempo Fechado
Insano
Napalm
O Exorcista
Personnel
Silvio Mazzei (vocals)
Luiz F. Machado (guitar)
Marcio Chicralla (bass)
Wallace Cardia (drums)
Sidney Sohn (keyboards)
External links
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Inquisi%C3%A7%C3%A3o/128762927193973*#!/pages/Inquisi%C3%A7%C3%A3o/128762927193973
http://www.myspace.com/inquisicao
References
Brazilian heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1983
Musical groups disestablished in 1989
1983 establishments in Brazil
1989 disestablishments in Brazil
Musical groups reestablished in 2001
2001 establishments in Brazil
Green Eyes is a 1953 children's picture book written and illustrated by A. Birnbaum. The book tells the story of a kitten experiencing each season for the first time. The book was a recipient of a 1954 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations.
References
1953 children's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
Miss Arrow is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Publication history
She was created by Peter David, Mike Wieringo, and Todd Nauck. She first appeared in Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man #4 (Jan 2006).
Fictional character biography
The Other
During the events of The Other, Spider-Man died fighting his enemy Morlun. However, his body was later discovered as a sack of skin; Spider-Man had shed his skin and had retired to a 'cocoon' under the Brooklyn Bridge, which he later emerged from, completely healed of his prior wounds. Thus, Spider-Man had 'conquered' death.
Meanwhile, in Stark Tower, pirate spiders started to eat Peter's old dead body. When Spider-Man returned, the top of Stark Tower was covered in webbing. Inside the tower, Spider-Man discovered that pirate spiders had consumed Peter's discarded skin. Sated on his flesh, the spiders formed into a body of their own, female in opposition to Spider-man's male.
Declaring itself to be Spider-Man's "Other", the creature explained to Peter that it exists because Peter was supposed to die, but did not. To maintain "balance" the creature had arrived to become his opposite, as well as his equal, and would evolve as he evolved, or die as he would die. It then escaped down a drain. A cocoon was later seen in a church, where the creature presumably hibernated.
Miss Arrow
After Peter sent Flash Thompson into the infirmary due to a dodgeball to the face, Ero, taking on the form of the African American Miss Arrow, treated to Flash's injury while explaining that she was the new Midtown High School nurse. To explain her name she claimed that her parents were "inveterate hippies". When the school came under attack by the three Mysterios, Arrow quickly showed that she was not all she appeared to be. Quentin Beck saw through her guise and told her that their "superiors" wanted to keep Peter at the school, while Francis Klum saw firsthand what Arrow was capable of doing.
Arrow later convinced Spider-Man to stay at the school. However, when Peter became a fugitive for going against Iron Man, he had to use an image distorter to disguise himself as "Ben Reilly" to continue his career at the school. Later, Arrow began to show her sinister nature little by little, most notably when Flash began dating Betty Brant. While Flash and Betty were on a date Betty had to use the restroom. While there, thousands of spiders ran out from the toilet, frightening Betty. When Flash and the restaurant manager came to the scene after Betty had left the bathroom, only some cocaine and a straw was found, making the manager think Betty had used the cocaine. Betty and Flash left while Miss Arrow appeared out of the shadows.
Ero revealed
Arrow was revealed as the being composed of pirate spiders first seen in "The Other". She had disguised herself as a human and decides to set into motion her plan to have Flash become her "host". Meanwhile, Betty and Peter begin to suspect that Arrow is hiding something especially since Peter realizes that she doesn't set off his spidey-sense when she is near to discovering his secret identity. After doing some research they discover that "Arrow" sounds similar to "Ero" a genus of pirate spider. Arrow, in the meantime, has tracked Flash down at a bowling alley where he has gone with his friend, professional bowler Kelly Kulick. Not wanting to waste any more time, Arrow proceeded to reveal her true nature to the surrounding bystanders and caused mayhem in her wake. While Spider-Man arrived in time to stop the carnage and save Kulick, Arrow made off with Flash through the sewers.
Ero takes Flash to the church where she emerged from her cocoon and, after webbing him to the ceiling, removes an eggsac from her stomach with her plan being to impregnate him. Spider-Man arrives in time once again to stop her. As they battle, Ero reveals that Spider-Man's stingers only appear when he faces "... someone like me, someone whose being is rooted in primal forces of chaos and darkness." Ero then manages to stab Spider-Man in the shoulder, drugging him and slowing him down. Having the upper hand, Ero decides to impregnate Spider-Man instead, her logic being that while the offspring will be considerably less than Flash's, it will in the end ensure her enemy's demise. Just as Ero is about to implant her eggsac into Spider-Man, Betty Brant arrives and blasts the egg sac with silver bullets, fired from a shotgun. Enraged at the loss of her eggs, and vowing revenge against Betty, she tries to escape. Spider-Man follows, and lures her into an aviary, where she is devoured alive by birds. Only a single spider remains, which Spider-Man steps on contemptuously.
Return
Kaine Parker took the offer to help his new ally Aracely, turning him into Tarantula. However, the Other made Kaine's mind unstable and he attacked Aracely. They soon came into contact with The Superior Spider-Man and later Morlun who kills him. Morlun performed a ritual that resurrected Kaine, but not the Other, who later returned themselves to life using the body of the MC2 Peter Parker.
Powers and abilities
Miss Arrow is composed of thousands of spiders that possess a hive mind, not unlike that of Thousand, however unlike Thousand Arrows was much more organized and had to adhere to typical spider behavior such as creating a sack to raise children. Arrow possessed wrist stingers that were poisonous to anyone who was stabbed by them. This was the same ability adopted by Peter and Kaine Parker. She is also shown to possess night vision.
In other media
In the first iteration of Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark, the show was narrated by the Geek Chorus, Spider-Man fans who were in the process of writing the most extreme and ultimate Spider-Man story ever. One of them claims the name Miss Arrow. She has the most input in the show being the one who introduces the spider goddess Arachne and creates the villainess Swiss Miss. The role was played by Alice Lee.
References
External links
Comics characters introduced in 2006
Characters created by Peter David
Characters created by Mike Wieringo
Characters created by Todd Nauck
Fictional spiders
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics female supervillains
Spider-Man characters
The 2015 Super Rugby Final, was played between the Hurricanes and the Highlanders. It was the 20th final in the Super Rugby competition's history and the fifth under the expanded 15-team format. This was the first Super Rugby final between two New Zealand teams since 2006 when the Hurricanes were beaten by the Crusaders.
The match was won by the Highlanders who beat the Hurricanes by seven points. Upon winning the match, the Highlanders became the first team to win the competition having failed to win a conference. They also became the first team to win the competition having played in the qualifiers round.
In New Zealand, 583,620 people tuned in to watch
Road to the Final
The 2015 Super Rugby competition involved fifteen teams, five each from South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. The 2015 season was the fifth year of an expanded 15 team format (12 teams competed between 1996 and 2005, before increasing to 14 between 2006 and 2010).
The competition began on 13 February with the regular season consisting of 120 matches over eighteen weeks. Each team played the others from their own conference (both home and away), plus four out of five teams from the other two countries (two at home and two away in each case). The top six teams after the regular season advanced to the finals.
The Hurricanes finished top of the New Zealand conference and topped the overall standings, with fourteen wins and just two losses during the season (one being to the Australian conference winner, the Waratahs). The South African conference winner was the Stormers, and the three wildcard teams making the playoffs were the Highlanders, Chiefs, and Brumbies.
The play-off fixtures were as follows:
Qualifiers
Semi-Finals
References
Final
2015
2015 in New Zealand rugby union
Hurricanes (rugby union) matches
Highlanders (rugby union) matches
Sports competitions in Wellington
2010s in Wellington
July 2015 sports events in Oceania
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Moir, one in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia and one in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
The Moir Baronetcy, of Longford in the County of Nottingham, was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 18 June 1636 for Edward Moir. The title became either extinct or dormant on his death in 1644.
The Moir Baronetcy, of Whitehanger in the parish of Fernhurst in the County of Sussex, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 11 July 1916 for Ernest William Moir. He was the founder and head of Ernest William Moir & Co Ltd, engineers, and a Director of S Pearson & Son Ltd.
Moir baronets, of Longford (1636)
Sir Edward Moir, 1st Baronet (–1644)
Moir baronets, of Whitehanger (1916)
Sir Ernest William Moir, 1st Baronet (1862–1933)
Sir Arrol Moir, 2nd Baronet (1894–1957)
Sir Ernest Ian Royds Moir, 3rd Baronet (1925–1998)
Sir Christopher Ernest Moir, 4th Baronet (born 1955)
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
Moir
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Rafael Santo Domingo Molina (born November 24, 1955 in Orocovis, Puerto Rico) is a retired Major League Baseball pinch hitter. He played during one season at the major league level for the Cincinnati Reds. He was signed by the Reds as an amateur free agent in . Santo Domingo played his last professional season with their Triple-A affiliates, the Indianapolis Indians, in .
Formerly the hitting coach of the Pulaski Mariners, Santo Domingo is now an area scout based in Puerto Rico for the Seattle Mariners.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Billings Mustangs players
Cincinnati Reds players
Indianapolis Indians players
Major League Baseball players from Puerto Rico
Minor league baseball coaches
Nashville Sounds players
People from Orocovis, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican expatriate baseball players in Canada
Seattle Mariners scouts
Tampa Tarpons (1957–1987) players
Trois-Rivières Aigles players
Trilokyanatha Temple, also called Thirupparuthikundram Jain temple or Jeenaswamy Trilokyanathar temple, is an 8th-century Digambara Jain temple in Thiruparthikundram, in northeast Kanchipuram in Tamil Nadu, India. The suburb and the area around this temple is also called Jain Kanchi. The stone temple is dedicated to the Jain Tirthankaras, but is notable for integrating Hindu deities with Jain deities within the premises of the temple, particularly as Ksetrapalas. Constructed in Dravidian architecture, the temple was built during the reign of Narasimhavarman II of the Pallava dynasty. The temple was expanded by the Jain community with financial support of Medieval Cholas, later Pallavas and Vijayanagar kings.
The temple is administered by Department of Archaeology of the Government of Tamil Nadu as a protected monument, while it is maintained by hereditary trustees. The temple along with the Chandraprabha temple in the surrounding precinct the region is referred as Jaina Kanchi, along with the other two parts of the town being named Shiva Kanchi and Vishnu Kanchi.
History
Pallavas, the rulers of the region embraced Jainism during their early years. As per local legend, the temple was constructed by the Pallava disciple of the sages Vamana and Mallisena. There are other legends which attribute the construction of the temple by Simhavishnu, the first Pallava king during the last decade of 6th century. The temple is believed to have been built during 8th century around 800 AD during the reign of Pallava kings. It has inscriptions from Pallava king, Narasimhavarman II (700-728 CE) and the following Medieval Chola kings Rajendra Chola I (1054-63 CE), Kulothunga Chola I (1070-1120 CE) and Vikrama Chola (1118-35 CE), and the Kanarese inscriptions of Krishnadevaraya (1509-29 CE). The Chola and Vijayanagar inscriptions indicate large endowments to the temple. The temple has many old paintings on the walls. Krishnadevaraya helped repaint the 13th century paintings during the 15th-16th centuries. The temple is maintained by Tamil Nadu archaeological department. The temple tower is believed to have been constructed by Sage Pushpasena Vamanarya during 1199. The walls of the temple are believed to have been constructed by Azhagiya Pallavan during the 13th century. There is a musical hall in the temple (called Sangeetha Mandapa) built by Irugappa, the minister of Vijayanagara king during 1387.
Architecture
The temple is built in Dravidian architecture with a three-tiered gopuram (gateway tower). There are three parallel shrines in the temple with the image of Mahavira occupying the centre. The image of Lokanathar, the 24th Tirthankara is located on the Northern side, while Neminatha housed in the Southern side. All the three sanctums are circular in shape housing the bronze images. The sanctum of Mahavira accommodates Dharmadevi and a Tirthankara on either of his sides. There are painted pillars in the hall leading to the sanctum. As in other South Indian Hindu temples, there is a flag post (called Dwajasthambam) in between and axial to the entrance and the sanctum. The temple has a large number of paintings on the ceilings that are captioned in Tamil-Grantha script. It is believed that Jain scriptures have the life story of Krishna assimilated and most of the paintings depict the life story of Krishna. An Adinatha subshrine is one of its kind found in this temple. The structure of the temple has undergone several changes over the centuries, but the image of Adinatha remains the same from the 16th century.
Culture
Trilokyanatha Temple was originally under the control of traditional trustees for 600 years till 1991. From then, the temple is maintained and administered by Department of Archaeology of the Government of Tamil Nadu as a protected monument.
Kanchipuram was once seat of Jainism and a famous centre of learning. As per tradition, the place where the temple is located is called Parutti meaning cotton. The tradition continues in modern times as Kanchipuram is a famous centre of hand-woven silk sarees. The Jain ascetics in the region enjoyed royal patronage and propagated Digambara sect of Jainism.
See also
List of temples in Kanchipuram
Jainism in Tamil Nadu
References
Jain temples in Tamil Nadu
Archaeological sites in Tamil Nadu
8th-century Jain temples
Guy Gustave Arthur Ghislain Spitaels (3 September 1931 – 21 August 2012) was a Belgian politician of the Socialist Party. He was the 7th Minister-President of Wallonia from 1992 to 1994 and president of his party for thirteen years, until he was succeeded by Philippe Busquin.
Career
Spitaels graduated in 1957 in political and social sciences at the Universite Catholique de Louvain (UCL), and attended the College of Europe in Bruges 1957–1958. He quit the Roman Catholic faith and became a Freemason. He became a professor in labour law at the Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB).
In the early 1970s Spitaels was chief of staff to various Belgian socialist ministers. After the elections of 1974 Spitaels became a senator. He became mayor of Ath in 1977, an office he held for twenty years. The same year he became minister of Labour under Prime Minister Paul Vanden Boeynants. From 1979 to 1981 Spitaels was deputy prime minister under the governments of Wilfried Martens. He concurrently served as minister of the budget (1979–1980) and minister of transport (1980–1981). After the electoral defeat at the elections of 1981, the PS was relegated to the opposition and Guy Spitaels became party chairman of the PS (1981–1992). In the general elections of 1987 he led his party to electoral victory and back to power.
With him and André Cools, the PS played a leading role in transformation the unitary structures of the Belgian state into a federalist system. The transformation was largely accomplished by 1989 and completely formalized in 1993.''
In 1992 Spitaels arranged that he would become Minister-President of the Walloon Government. Along with other politicians from his party, he was involved in the Agusta scandal, which caused his resignation in 1994. In 1995 he was elected President of the Walloon Parliament but he had to resign from this office due to the scandal in 1997. Spitaels was convicted for passive bribery by the Court of Cassation in 1998. His political career would never recover from this scandal.
Before the Agusta scandal he was nicknamed Dieu (French for God), a reference to his great influence within the Parti Socialiste, which was the most powerful party of French-speaking Belgium in those days.
Spitaels died of a brain tumor at age 80 on 21 August 2012.
See also
1960–61 Winter General Strike
Notes
Sources
Guy Spitaels
|-
|-
1931 births
2012 deaths
Belgian Freemasons
Belgian Ministers of State
Catholic University of Leuven (1834–1968) alumni
College of Europe alumni
Deaths from brain tumor
Former Roman Catholics
Free University of Brussels (1834–1969) faculty
Mayors of places in Belgium
Ministers-President of Wallonia
Socialist Party (Belgium) politicians
Presidents of the Party of European Socialists
People from Ath
Walloon movement activists
Bollihope, Pikestone, Eggleston and Woodland Fells is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district of west County Durham, England. It covers a broad expanse of moorland to the north and east of Middleton-in-Teesdale.
The site has a diverse mix of habitats, mainly dry heath, with wet heath and blanket-mire in areas that are poorly drained.
The SSSI, which is situated within the North Pennines Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, shares a common boundary with the Upper Teesdale SSSI to the west, and adjoins Hamsterley Forest on three sides.
The area supports breeding populations of a number of species of birds that are listed in the United Kingdom's Red Data Book (Birds), including three—merlin, Eurasian golden plover and short-eared owl—that are listed in Annex 1 of the European Commission's Birds Directive as requiring special protection. The flora of the area includes a number of species that are scarce locally or nationally.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Sapa Arena is a sports venue in Vetlanda in Sweden. It is the home of Vetlanda BK. It was opened in 2011. Sapa Arena holds 2,000 people. It hosted Division B of the 2013 Bandy World Championship.
References
Bandy venues in Sweden
Sport in Vetlanda
Sports venues completed in 2011
2011 establishments in Sweden
Buck Meets Ruby is an album by trumpeters Buck Clayton and Ruby Braff which was recorded in 1954 and released on the Vanguard label originally as a four track 10-inch LP.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "A pair of spry, individualistic trumpet masters meet to a good end".
Track listing
"Just a Groove" (Buck Clayton, Ruby Braff) – 7:44
"Kandee" (Clayton) – 7:53
"I Can't Get Started" (Vernon Duke, Ira Gershwin) – 11:00
"Love Is Just Around the Corner" (Lewis Gensler, Leo Robin) – 3:54
Personnel
Buck Clayton, Ruby Braff – trumpet
Benny Morton – trombone
Buddy Tate – tenor saxophone
Jimmy Jones – piano
Steve Jordan – guitar
Aaron Bell – bass
Bobby Donaldson – drums
References
1954 albums
Buck Clayton albums
Ruby Braff albums
Vanguard Records albums
Albums produced by John Hammond (producer)
Barajillas is a community in the municipality of Cuajinicuilapa, Guerrero and Mexico. According to the 2010 census, the town has 759 inhabitants. In 2000, the town had 833 inhabitants. 63 inhabitants are indigenous, of which at least 2 do not speak Spanish. According to the statistics of the Instituto Nacional de Estadistica y Geografia 19% of the population are illiterate. The postal code is 41951. The town has three schools, a primary school,a "telesecundaria",or secondary school that receives the lessons by way of satellite, and a preschool. The town is typical of small villages in the region for its community telephone service, where calls are announced by way of a loudspeaker. The town borders Mexico highway route 200 which parallels the coast from Tepic Nayarit all the way to the Guatemala border. The north side of the town is bordered by the Rio Cortijos, a wide, sandy, shallow river famous for its "endocos" or very large fresh water shrimp. The town is also known for its unique racial and ethnic mixture of Afro-Mexican peoples, as well as three indigenous groups, the Amuzgo, the "Mixteco" or Mixtec, and the Nahuatl.
References
External links
http://www.citypopulation.de/php/mexico-guerrero.php?cityid=120230003
Guerrero
Momir Savić (born 21 January 1951, Drinsko, Višegrad) is a Bosnian Serb paramilitary commander convicted for war crimes committed during the ethnic cleansing of the Višegrad region of eastern Bosnia during the 1992-1995 Bosnian War.
Crimes
Momir Savić was the close associate of Milan Lukić, notoriously responsible for the campaign of terror directed against Bosniak civilians in the strategically located town of Višegrad and the surrounding municipality in the spring and summer of 1992, as part of the ethnic cleansing of the Bosniak population from the Podrinja area of Eastern Bosnia.
Savić was charged by the War Crimes Chamber of the Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina with persecution of the Bosniak civilian population on political, national, ethnic and religious grounds between April and September 1992, as a member of a paramilitary unit at the time the Užice Corps of the former JNA commenced operations in the Višegrad region and later than commander of the 3rd Company of the Army of Republika Srpska's Višegrad Brigade. According to the indictment, he committed these crimes by commanding, committing and participating with other individuals in murder, forced deportation, imprisonment, torture and rape. He was accused of not preventing or punishing the actions of those under his command.
The specific crimes of which he was accused included the interrogation and beating of 4 Bosniak civilians and the plundering and burning down of the houses of 2 Bosniak civilians, as member of a group of several Serb soldiers, in the village of Meremišlje on 29 April. On 23 May, in the settlement of Drinsko, he and a group of other Serb soldiers took 10 Bosniak civilians from their houses, interrogated and brutalised them and then took them to Kik hill, in Pušni Do forest and shot them. On 25 May, when one of a group of captured Bosniak civilians being beaten up by Savić and a group of other Serb soldiers tried to run away, Savić shot and killed him. Individually, between 7 June and late September 1992, on numerous occasions he went fully armed to the house of a Bosniak woman where he raped her, threatening her not to tell anyone.
Savić was also accused by Bakira Hasečić of the rape and war crime victims' organisation Association of Women Victims of War (Udruzenje Žene-Žrtve Rata) of being responsible for the disappearance of a boy named Himzo (Hamed) Oprasic from a column of 800 civilians expelled from the village of Okrugla and of committing and supervising "horrendous and heinous" crimes in the Rudo area. Women Victims of War worked determinedly for a number of years to ensure that Savić was brought to justice.
Savić was also identified by survivors as one of the armed escort who took part in the execution of at least 50 Bosniak civilian prisoners at the Paklenik ravine on 15 June 1992.
Trial
Savić was charged with crimes against humanity under Article 172(1)(h) (persecution) of the Criminal Code of BiH (CC BiH) involving the following:
a) Depriving another person of his life (murder),
d) Deportation or forcible transfer of population,
e) Imprisonment or other severe deprivation of physical liberty in violation of fundamental rules of international law,
f) Torture,
g) Coercing another by force or by threat of immediate attack upon his life or limb, or the life or limb of a person close to him, to sexual intercourse or an equivalent sexual act (rape),
i) Enforced disappearance of persons,
k) Other inhumane acts of a similar character intentionally causing great suffering, or serious injury to body or to physical or mental health.
all in conjunction with Article 180(1)(2) (individual and command criminal responsibility) of the CC BiH.
He pleaded not guilty. The trial commenced on 12 August 2008 and on 2 July 2009 the Bosnian War Crimes Court pronounced the first instance verdict, finding Savić guilty of crimes against humanity, and sentenced him to 18 years of imprisonment.
Abscondment
The session of the Appellate panel of the Section I for War Crimes of the Court was held on 19 February 2010. In June 2010, when confirmation of Savić's conviction was announced, he failed to respond to the bail conditions set at the time of his release from jail in late 2008 during the appeal. He has not been seen since. Judge Saban Maksumić, presiding judge of the Bosnian War Crimes Court, was severely criticised for allowing Savić to remain at liberty pending sentencing.̪
References
1951 births
Living people
People from Višegrad
Army of Republika Srpska soldiers
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina convicted of crimes against humanity
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Restored Church of Jesus Christ is a small Latter Day Saint church headquartered in Independence, Missouri. It was founded in 1980 by Eugene Oliver Walton (November 6, 1927 – May 28, 2010), who had previously been an Elder in the Church of Jesus Christ (Cutlerite), and who claimed to be the "One Mighty and Strong" prophesied in Mormon scripture. When the Cutlerites rejected his claims to leadership of their movement, Walton left to found his own church.
Walton's organization disavows the label "Mormon", but claims to be the original church established in 1830 by Joseph Smith. His church denies the authority of Brigham Young, who led the majority of Latter Day Saints to Utah after Smith's death, together with that of Joseph Smith III, who became the leader of the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. The church also disavows plural marriage, and is unique in the Latter Day Saint movement in that it teaches the existence of a bipartite god (God the Father and Jesus Christ), as opposed to the usual three part godhead of Mormonism (God the Father, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Spirit).
Notes
References
"Introducing the...Restored Church of Jesus Christ" (pamphlet available from The Restored Church of Jesus Christ, PO Box 1651, Independence MO 64055)
Melton, J. Gordon, ed. The Encyclopedia of American Religions:Religious Creeds. Detroit:Gale Research Company, 1988. .
Walton, Eugene O. God is alive. Independence, MO, c1970.
Christian denominations established in the 20th century
Cutlerite denominations in the Latter Day Saint movement
Latter Day Saint movement in Missouri
Organizations based in Missouri
Christian organizations established in 1980
1980 establishments in Missouri
Astra 2C is one of the Astra communications satellites owned and operated by Société Eurpéenne des Satellites. Designed to join Astra 2A and Astra 2B at the Astra 28.2°E orbital position providing digital television and radio broadcast services to the United Kingdom and Ireland, the satellite was first used after launch in 2001 at 19.2° East for pan-European coverage.
The satellite provides one broadcast beam with horizontal and vertical polarisation, across a single footprint covering the areas of Central and Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, the Iberian Peninsula and Canary Islands.
TV signals can be received with a 50 cm dish across the majority of the British Isles with a 60 cm dish required in the extreme north and west. Astra 2C can also provide backup capacity, substituting for one or more transponders across the 10.70-12.20 GHz broadcast range used by Astra satellites in the Astra 19.2°E and Astra 28.2°E orbital positions.
History
Although originally intended for Astra 28.2° East, the satellite has spent little of its life in that orbital position, stationed at Astra 19.2° East and Astra 31.5°E for some 11 years for pan-European coverage. Positioned at 28.2° East for just 19 months from August 2007 and for 16 months from March 2014, Astra 2C was then moved to 60.5° East in August 2015 In April–May 2018, it was moved for the first time to the Astra 23.5°E slot.
Temporary use at 19.2°E
Astra 2C was first positioned at 19.2° East after launch in 2001, to provide pan-European capacity at the primary Astra position pending the launch of Astra 1L (in May 2007) and was moved to 28.2° East in August 2007, transmitting digital TV and interactive services for Sky Digital and Freesat. Only two transponders were active during this time.
The satellite was returned to 19.2° East in September 2010 while Astra 1N, which was intended for positioning at Astra 19.2° East, was used at Astra 28.2° East. As of July 2012, there are 16 transponders active, in particular six for the Spanish Canal+ pay-TV platform and five for Sky Deutschland.
Astra 2C was returned to its originally intended position at Astra 28.2° East after the relocation of Astra 1N from 28.2° East to 19.2° East in March 2014.
Temporary use at 31.5° East
In March 2009, SES announced that in April 2009, Astra 2C was to be moved from 28.2° East to Astra 31.5°E to temporarily replace the failed Astra 5A until Astra 3B was launched to Astra 23.5°E, when another craft currently there could be released to Astra 31.5° East. The move of Astra 2C was started in early May 2009 and completed on 11 May 2009, with the first transponders coming into use at the new position in the subsequent two weeks.
In June 2010, Astra 3B (launched May 2010) came into operation at Astra 23.5° East and Astra 1G was moved from that position to Astra 31.5° East, where it could release take over all broadcasting activity from Astra 2C. Astra 2C left 31.5° East in September 2010.
See also
Astra 23.5°E – current orbital position
Astra 28.2°E – previous orbital position
Astra 19.2°E – previous orbital position
Astra 31.5°E – previous orbital position
Astra 2A
Astra 2B
Astra 2D
Astra 2E
Astra 2F
Astra 2G
SES satellite operator
Astra satellite family
References
External links
SES fleet information and map
Official SES site
Astra satellites
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Satellites using the BSS-601 bus
Spacecraft launched in 2001
2001 in Luxembourg
Satellites of Luxembourg
The eDonkey Network (also known as the eDonkey2000 network or eD2k) is a decentralized, mostly server-based, peer-to-peer file sharing network created in 2000 by US developers Jed McCaleb and Sam Yagan that is best suited to share big files among users, and to provide long term availability of files. Like most sharing networks, it is decentralized, as there is no central hub for the network; also, files are not stored on a central server but are exchanged directly between users based on the peer-to-peer principle.
The server part of the network is proprietary freeware. There are two families of server software for the eD2k network: the original one from MetaMachine, written in C++, closed-source and proprietary, and no longer maintained; and eserver, written in C, also closed-source and proprietary, although available free of charge and for several operating systems and computer architectures. The eserver family is currently in active development and support, and almost all eD2k servers as of 2008 run this server software.
There are many programs that act as the client part of the network. Most notably, eDonkey2000, the original client by MetaMachine, closed-source but freeware, and no longer maintained but very popular in its day; and eMule, a free program for Windows written in Visual C++ and licensed under the GNU GPL.
The original eD2k protocol has been extended by subsequent releases of both eserver and eMule programs, generally working together to decide what new features the eD2k protocol should support. However, the eD2k protocol is not formally documented (especially in its current extended state), and it can be said that in practice the eD2k protocol is what eMule and eserver do together when running, and also how eMule clients communicate among themselves. As eMule is open source, its code is freely available for peer-review of the workings of the protocol. Examples of eD2k protocol extensions are "peer exchange among clients", "protocol obfuscation" and support for files larger than 4 gigabytes, etc. The other eD2k client programs, given time, generally follow suit adopting these protocol extensions.
eDonkey client programs connect to the network to share files. eDonkey servers act as communication hubs for the clients, allowing users to locate files within the network. Clients and servers are available for Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and other Unix-like operating systems. By running an eDonkey server program on a machine connected to the Internet, any user can add a server to the network. As the number of servers and their addresses change frequently, client programs update their server lists regularly.
Features
Hash identification
Files on the eDonkey network are uniquely identified using MD4 root hash of an MD4 hash list of the file. This treats files with identical content but different names as the same, and files with different contents but same name as different.
Files are divided in full chunks of 9,728,000 bytes (9500 KiB) plus a remainder chunk, and a separate 128-bit MD4 checksum is computed for each. That way, if a transmission error is detected, only one chunk is corrupted instead of the whole file. Furthermore, valid downloaded chunks are available for sharing before the rest of the file is downloaded, speeding up the distribution of large files throughout the network. A file's identification checksum is computed by concatenating the chunks' MD4 checksums in order and hashing the result. In cryptographic terms, the list of MD4 checksums is a hash list, and the file identification checksum is the root hash, also called top hash or master hash.
It is possible for a malicious user to create two different chunks with the same checksum due to MD4 being vulnerable to collision attacks.
Search
The eDonkey network supports searching of files by name and a number of secondary characteristics such as size, extension, bitrate, etc. The Lugdunum versions of eserver (eDonkey server software) support complex boolean searches like 'one AND two AND (three OR four) AND ("five four three" OR "two one") NOT seven'.
To ease file searching, some websites list the checksums of sought-after files in the form of an eD2k link. Some of these websites also have lists of active servers for users to update.
History
In 2004, the eDonkey network overtook FastTrack to become the most widely used file sharing network on the Internet. While figures vary from hour to hour, it is believed, as of mid-2005, to host on average approximately two to three million users sharing 500 million to two billion files via 100 to 200 servers. The network's most popular server was at one time Razorback2, which usually hosted about one million users. Sometime around February 21, 2006, the Razorback2 servers were raided and seized by the Federal Belgian Police. DonkeyServer No1 and DonkeyServer No2 currently combine for over one and a half million users. However, around July 16, 2007, both servers together with several others were shut down after a temporary injunction was issued.
By 2007, BitTorrent had overcome eDonkey network as the most widely used file sharing network on the Internet. In 2009, it was reported that eDonkey is still the 2nd most popular P2P protocol, but is rapidly declining.
Successor protocols
The original eDonkey network relied on central servers run by users willing to donate the necessary bandwidth and processing/disk usage overhead. Such servers could be subject to heavy traffic and, consequently, more vulnerable to attacks.
To overcome this problem, MetaMachine, the developer of the original eDonkey client, developed Overnet as a successor to the eDonkey protocol. The eMule Project also developed a Kademlia network of their own (called Kad) to overcome the reliance on central servers. In addition, eMule includes a pure P2P client source-exchange capability, allowing a client with a ‘High ID' (i. e., with incoming eD2k connections not blocked by a firewall) to continue downloading (and uploading) files with a high number of sources for days, even after complete disconnection from the original Kad or eD2k servers that handled the original requests. (eMule does not query secondary servers when told to disconnect from the server). This source-exchange capability is designed to reduce the load on servers by two thirds or more for files that have a large number of seeds, or sources (other clients) for the files. The original eDonkey client by MetaMachine does not support source exchanges.
Legal action
Legal action against eDonkey 2000
On September 13, 2006, MetaMachine Inc., the developer of the eDonkey2000 client, agreed to pay $30 million to avoid potential copyright infringement lawsuits brought by the RIAA. In accordance with the agreement, eDonkey is to discontinue distribution of their software as well as to take measures to prevent the use of previous copies of their software for file sharing.
Confiscation of Razorback 2
Razorback2 was a server of the eDonkey network, known for being able to handle 1 million users simultaneously.
On 21 February 2006, several servers (including Razorback2), located in a Belgian datacenter, were confiscated by the Belgian police, and their operator, who lives in Switzerland, was arrested. This was done after a local judge authorized the confiscation at the datacenter in Zaventem near Brussels, after a denouncement of the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), in collaboration with the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry.
The MPAA Chairman and CEO Dan Glickman, described this raid as a "major victory":
Besides having Razorback's equipment confiscated and their site shut down, copyright enforcement entities such as MPAA and IFPI have set up several "Razorback2" fake servers online, with the purpose of mimicking the original servers but which yield no useful results, hampering file-sharing traffic. Afterwards, the Swiss anti-piracy tech firm Logistep SA was hired to help further intimidate and prosecute filesharing users.
eDonkey poisoning
Servers have appeared on the eDonkey network that censor shared content searches and information about files by the type of the file (such as video or MP3) or by keywords. These servers report large numbers of users (up to 1.5 million) connected to them, thus raising the number of users in the network to 10—13 million; however, it is impossible to determine how many people are actually connected to them. Such servers often disseminate advertisements disguised as commonly searched-for music/video files.
Server software
The main server software used for eD2k network is known as Lugdunum server. It was created by reverse engineering edonkey protocol and redesigned from scratch. (MetaMachine abandoned development of eD2k server software and revealed the source code to Lugdunum in late 2002, but was never used). Lugdunum has extended the eD2k protocol while maintaining backward compatibility. Lugdunum server software is gratis, but not open source. The stated reason for not opening the source is to prevent the easy creation of fake servers and to prevent attacking the server itself.
In September 2007, a new server software was announced on the eMule web site forums, called satan-edonkey-server. Given the shut down of major eMule servers due to legal action against them just days earlier, the new server was accepted with suspicion. It was feared that the software may transmit information about the clients to unknown third parties. Some trusted eMule developers received the source code of satan-edonkey-server and stated that no spy-code is built in. The satan server software was created by reverse engineering edonkey protocol. The software comes in two versions (C++ and Java). Satan-eDonkey-server software is also gratis.
A Java version of the server side can be found in , which was written in 2012.
Client software
Numerous clients, including several that are free software, are available for the eDonkey/eDonkey2000 network:
aMule: a successful fork from lMule, it fully copied the interface and feel of eMule, and now it shares code with eMule project.
eDonkey2000: an original MetaMachine client, since discontinued
eMule: a free Windows client, can also be run on Linux (under Wine); numerous mods are also available
eMule Plus is a free (GPL) Windows client loosely based on eMule, but doesn't have KAD or obfuscation support while adding other features such as automated fake checks and enhanced GUI. eMule Plus has no direct association with the original eMule.
Hydranode: a free, multi-network, cross-platform, core-GUI-separated client
iMule: an anonymous eMule using the I2P network
JMule: a free open source multi platform java client.
Jubster: a multi-network client for Windows
lMule (Linux Mule): A very raw eDonkey client based in eMule, targeted to Linux platforms.
Lphant: an eDonkey and BitTorrent, cross-platform, core-GUI-separated client that runs on the Microsoft .NET and Mono platforms
eAnt: a successful fork from Lphant with significative improvements made to keep the source code open. Currently inactive.
MLDonkey: a free, multi-network, cross-platform client
Morpheus: a file sharing client for Windows
Pruna (formerly, MediaVAMP): a Korean-language client based on eMule
Shareaza: a free open source multi-network file-sharing client that supports the Gnutella2 and Gnutella P2P networks, as well the BitTorrent protocol, additionally to eD2k. It allows network-spanning search of content and has web browser integration to operate as a download manager. Supports user profiles, remote file browsing, chat and advanced search filtering.
xMule (X11 Mule): a fork from lMule. Deviating from copying eMule, it has more controls than lMule but is less user-friendly. Discontinued in January 2009.
qMule: a multi-protocol, cross-platform client for eDonkey and BitTorrent networks. Based on libed2k, libtorrent-rasterbar and Qt.
Tools and libraries
libed2k: Cross platform C++ eDonkey protocol library. Inspired by libtorrent_rasterbar.
See also
Comparison of file-sharing applications
Kad network
Overnet
References
External links
pDonkey project — eDonkey protocol description
lugdunum backup — eDonkey server how to
peerates.net servers list — how to avoid faked, scammed or false eDonkey servers
p2p poisoning methods — how anti-piracy firms work with the eDonkey network
File sharing networks
Key-based routing
Overlay networks
Mix networks
Natasha Arthy (born 23 May 1969 in Gentofte, Denmark) is a Danish screenwriter, film director and producer, best known for her 2003 Dogme film Se til venstre, der er en Svensker (USA Title: Old, New, Borrowed and Blue), which received the Grand Jury Prize at the Los Angeles Film Festival.
Filmography
Director
Fightgirl Ayse (2007)
Se til venstre, der er en Svensker (2003) ... Dogme # 32 ... a.k.a. Old, New, Borrowed and Blue (USA)
Mirakel (2000) ... a.k.a. Miracle (International: English title)
Barbie (1997)
Drengen de kaldte Kylling (1997) TV mini-series
Fanny Farveløs (1997) ... a.k.a. Penny Plain
Y's fantom farmor (1996) TV mini-series
Forunderlige Frede (1995) TV mini-series
Container Conrad (1994) TV mini-series
Fortælle frikadelle (1993) TV mini-series
Producer
Anton — min hemmelige ven II (2002) TV series (producer) (episodes 1.1-1.4, 1.6, 1.8)
Drengen de kaldte Kylling (1997) TV mini-series (producer)
Y's fantom farmor (1996) TV mini-series (producer)
Forunderlige Frede (1995) TV mini-series (producer)
Writer
Fightgirl Ayse (2007)
Y's fantom farmor (1996) TV mini-series
References
External links
Danish women film directors
Danish film producers
1969 births
Living people
Danish film directors
The 2008 Illinois earthquake was one of the largest earthquakes ever recorded in the Midwest state of Illinois. This moderate strike-slip shock measured 5.2 on the moment magnitude scale and had a maximum Mercalli intensity of VII (Very strong). It occurred at on April 18 near West Salem and Mount Carmel, Illinois, within the Wabash Valley Seismic Zone. Earthquakes in this part of the country are often felt at great distances.
Tectonic setting
Situated in a stable continental region of the Midwestern United States, the Wabash Valley Seismic Zone (WVSZ) is an area of dispersed seismic activity that encompasses the border areas of Illinois, Indiana, and Kentucky. This broad, multistate zone of intraplate seismicity lay just to the north of the New Madrid Seismic Zone and comprises both strike-slip and dip-slip earthquake mechanisms across numerous named faults, grabens, and anticlines.
Earthquake
Rapid development and expansion of services from the United States Geological Survey was taking place in the 2000s in terms of earthquake monitoring and information dissemination services. A number of products from it and its subdivisions that relay information to the public over the Internet were displayed during the event. An automated system from the National Earthquake Information Center, for example, sent an initial notification containing magnitude, depth, and location within two and a half minutes of the mainshock.
Felt area
The shock was felt as far west as Omaha, Nebraska, as far south as Atlanta, Georgia, as far east as Kitchener, Ontario, and West Virginia, and as far north as the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The earthquake was felt so far away, compared to earthquakes in other regions, because the old, rigid bedrock beneath much of the Midwest allows the seismic waves to propagate further.
Damage
Close to the epicenter in Mount Carmel, Illinois, a woman was briefly unable to exit her home due to a collapsed porch, and a two-story apartment building was evacuated because of loose and falling bricks. The Edwards County sheriff's department took reports of minor damage in West Salem, Illinois. Just across the Wabash River in Indiana, Unit 4 at the Gibson Generating Station automatically shut down due to its vibration sensors, and in Princeton, a woman was cut when a crystal figurine was knocked from a shelf in her home. A man had an eye injury at an unknown location, but medical attention was not sought.
In Louisville, Kentucky, some bricks broke off from an older building near downtown. Slightly further away in St. Louis, Missouri, a portion of the South Kingshighway Boulevard viaduct were closed because of loose pieces of concrete, but whether this was debris-related is unknown, and traffic resumed half an hour later. Several chimneys also collapsed in south St. Louis, the St. Francis de Sales Oratory reported damage to its steeple, and the Basilica of St. Louis King of France reported small fragments from the mosaic ceiling. About 35,000 people in St. Louis County were without power because the Labadie Power Station went offline due to excessive vibrations. Power was restored by midmorning.
Illinois, Indiana, and Kentucky state highway crews investigated if any roads or bridges were damaged in the area. Cracks were reported on U.S. Route 51 near Cairo at the state's southern tip. No roads were reported to be damaged in Kentucky, but inspections were being conducted in the Louisville, Paducah, and Henderson districts, according to the Kentucky Department of Transportation.
Aftershocks
More than 250 aftershocks ranging in magnitude from 0.7 to 4.6 were documented in the month following the mainshock, including the largest, which occurred later in the morning. The other stand-out shocks in the sequence were the M4 event on April 21, an M4.2 event on April 25, and a M3.4 shock on June 5 CDT.
Response
Many precautionary measures were taken, including several evacuations. All Vincennes University dormitories were evacuated as a precaution, but no damage was discovered and students were allowed to return after about 45 minutes. A coal mine in Gibson County, Indiana, was also evacuated, but miners returned to work shortly afterwards. The Gibson County 9-1-1 system was briefly knocked offline due to a flood of calls, but after about 15 minutes, service was restored.
See also
List of earthquakes in 2008
List of earthquakes in Illinois
List of earthquakes in the United States
References
Further reading
External links
Seismographic Readings for this specific earthquake – Illinois State Geological Survey
Seismographic Readings for 15:15 (UTC) aftershock – Illinois State Geological Survey
Lawrence County E911 Security Camera Video of Quake
April 18, 2008, Mt. Carmel, Illinois: Magnitude 5.2 Earthquake and Aftershocks – Illinois State Geological Survey
5.2 earthquake rattles skyscrapers, nerves across Midwest – Associated Press
An Earthquake Rattles the Midwest – The New York Times
2008 earthquakes
2008 natural disasters in the United States
Geology of Illinois
Southwestern Indiana
2008
2008
April 2008 events in the United States
2008 in Illinois
2008 in Indiana
The Midnight Sun (French: Le soleil de minuit) is a 1943 French adventure film directed by Bernard-Roland and starring Jules Berry, Josseline Gaël and Sessue Hayakawa . It is based on the 1930 novel of the same title by Pierre Benoît. The film's sets were designed by the art director Robert Dumesnil.
Cast
Jules Berry as Forestier
Josseline Gaël as La princesse Armide Irénieff
Saturnin Fabre as Ireniev
Sessue Hayakawa as Matsui
Aimé Clariond as Grégor
Marcel Vallée as Ivan Barinov
Alexandre Rignault as Tchérensky
Léon Belières as Le directeur de l'usine
Camille Bert as Dumanoir
Georges Péclet as Le capitaine Karovine
Jean Morel as Schmidt
André Carnège as Kouratov
Georges Paulais as Kramer
Léonce Corne as Le patron du 'Soleil de minuit'
Marinette Frankel as Katia
Alfred Baillou as Le secrétaire
Henri Charrett as Un ingénieur
Maurice Devienne as Un ingénieur
Ky Duyen as Le japonais
Maurice Picard as Un ingénieur
Jacqueline Pierreux
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Miyao, Daisuke. Sessue Hayakawa: Silent Cinema and Transnational Stardom. Duke University Press, 2007.
External links
1943 films
French adventure films
1940s French-language films
1943 adventure films
Films directed by Bernard-Roland
Films based on French novels
1940s French films
Octavia Salmine Sperati (née Svendsen, February 19, 1847 – March 22, 1918) was a Norwegian actress.
Sperati made her debut in 1865 at the Central Theater in the play Les vieux péchés (Norwegian title: Gamle Minder) by Mélesville and Dumanoir, at the same time as she lived and worked in her Aunt Marthine Lund's photo studio. Later she was associated for a time with the Christiania Norwegian Theater. She went from there to the National Theater in Bergen, when it opened in 1876. This took place in the Comedy House at Engen, where Ole Bull's Norwegian Theater operated from 1850 to 1863. It was later rented out to traveling theater troupes.
Sperati won recognition for her roles in plays by Ludvig Holberg and for her interpretations of Henrik Ibsen's characters, especially her portrayal of Gina Ekdal at the world premiere of The Wild Duck on January 9, 1885. In 1901 and 1902 she played the role of Lona Hessel in The Pillars of Society.
Family
Sperati was married to the conductor Robert Ferdinand Arnold Sperati (1848–1884), who was the son of the conductor and composer Paolo Sperati (1821–1884). Her son Robert Sperati (1872–1945) was an actor and appeared in silent films. Her daughter Alvilde "Lulli" Sperati (1873–1946) was an actress and opera singer with the National Theater in Bergen.
Trivia
In connection with the first performances of The Wild Duck at the National Theater in Bergen in 1885, Sperati believed that it was her experience from photography work in her Aunt Marthine Lund's studio in Kristiania that enabled her to play the role of Gina Ekdal so naturally:
Sperati's portrait was the only one that survived intact after the fire at the National Theater in Bergen in 1983, an incident that was ascribed a paranormal explanation when Jørgen Fogge, the first to arrive at the scene, claimed to have heard her voice in the middle of the sea of flames.
References
1847 births
1918 deaths
19th-century Norwegian actresses
Norwegian memoirists
People from Kristiansand
Nightline is a New Zealand late night news programme that premiered on TV3 on 12 February 1990. Its final host was Sacha McNeil, and Nightline ceased to air in December 2013, replaced by controversial broadcaster Paul Henry's new programme The Paul Henry Show in early 2014, and then in 2015 by a new late night news bulletin programme called Newsworthy with Samantha Hayes and David Farrier at the desk. This was replaced in 2016 by Newshub Late.
Format
Screening Mondays to Fridays at around 10.30pm (subject to scheduling), Nightline was TV3's late night news programme and provided its viewers with a wrap-up of the day's big news stories, along with breaking news from New Zealand and around the world – all of which were drawn on the resources of the 3 News newsroom. The ever-popular entertainment content blended arts and culture, plus interviews and profiles with some of New Zealand's best-known faces.
Nightline began life in November 1989 as an extended, three-minute newsbreak at around 10.30pm when TV3 began broadcasting. It later became a half-hour, late night bulletin under its producer, Susan Baldacci, and the first full-length edition of Nightline was broadcast at 10.30pm on the evening of Monday 12 February 1990. A wrap of the day's news was read by Joanna Paul, with Belinda Todd presenting a not-so-serious look at the day's events through off-the-wall entertainment. The programme's contributor was Bill Ralston, TV3's political editor at the time.
When Joanna Paul left TV3 at the end of 1991 to join TVNZ, Neil Waka took over as Nightline'''s newsreader in 1992. Belinda Todd left at the end of that year.
Successive presenters, from 1993 until Nightline ended in 2013, have included Janet Wilson (1993–94), Leanne Malcolm (1995–98), Carolyn Robinson (1999–2004), Carly Flynn (2005–2007), Samantha Hayes (2007–2009), Rachel Smalley (2010–2011) and Sacha McNeil (2011–2013).
Cancellation
In early 2014, MediaWorks confirmed that The Paul Henry Show would replace Nightline. A release from MediaWorks said: "The Nightline brand remains a valued part of the 3 News stable and will sit in reserve." According to Rachel Lorimer, MediaWorks' group communication manager for news and current affairs at the time, this meant, "that the [Nightline] brand will be available for use in future years."
Over the last few years the programme had struggled to maintain its viewership, and MediaWorks felt that it was time for change. According to Nielsen, the programme's average audience per episode declined by 29% over the last five years of its life, with viewers dropping from 155,000 in 2009 to 110,000 in 2013.
In the release, Mark Jennings, MediaWorks' director of news and current affairs at the time, said, "Nightline has been a great programme for us over many years and produced some of our best broadcasters, but the landscape is due for change and Paul Henry will lead that change in later evening viewing."
TV3 cancelled The Paul Henry Show at the end of 2014 and broadcast a temporary bulletin in the slot known as 3 News Late Edition with rotating anchors hosting. News programme Newsworthy was broadcast from 8 June 2015 to 18 December 2015. It was officially replaced on 1 February 2016 with Newshub Late'' hosted by Samantha Hayes.
References
External links
3news.co.nz/nightline
1990s New Zealand television series
2000s New Zealand television series
2010s New Zealand television series
1990 New Zealand television series debuts
2013 New Zealand television series endings
New Zealand television news shows
Three (TV channel) original programming
Chris Ashmore (born 7 January 1942) is a British former racing driver.
See also
IMSA GT Championship
Motorsport in the United Kingdom
References
1942 births
Living people
British racing drivers
IMSA GT Championship drivers
World Sportscar Championship drivers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Foort van Oosten (born 25 June 1977 in Dordrecht) is a Dutch politician and lawyer. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie), he was a member of the House of Representatives between 20 September 2012 and 20 February 2019. On 20 February 2019 he was appointed as mayor of Nissewaard.
Previously, he was a member of the municipal council of Schiedam from 2010 to 2011, and subsequently an alderman of this municipality from 2011 to 2012.
Van Oosten studied law at Leiden University. He is married, and has a son.
In February 2020, he lobbied for a national knife ban following a spate of stabbings involving teenagers.
In September 2020, Nissewaard councilor Peter van der Velden filed a complaint against the municipality and mayor Foort van Oosten for raiding his home in Spijkenisse without permission. Officials of the civil affairs department, at the behest of Van Oosten, started an investigation on suspicions that Van der Velder did not live within the municipality and therefore may not be a councilor there.
References
1977 births
Living people
21st-century Dutch lawyers
Leiden University alumni
Mayors in South Holland
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
Municipal councillors in South Holland
People from Dordrecht
People from Schiedam
People's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
21st-century Dutch politicians
Lamkan is a village in Sandi block of Hardoi district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 6km away from Sandi, which is the nearest city. It is connected to state and national highways and has a sub post office and two primary schools but no healthcare facilities. The main staple crops are wheat and rice. As of 2011, its population is 3,734, in 577 households.
The 1961 census recorded Lamkan as comprising 4 hamlets, with a total population of 1,277 (692 male and 585 female), in 244 households and 181 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 2,114 acres. At the time, it had a medical practitioner and a post office and was connected to major roads.
The 1981 census recorded Lamkan as having a population of 2,070, in 333 households, and covering an area of 848.80 hectares.
References
Villages in Hardoi district
Nuenglanlek () is a Thai Muay Thai fighter. He is a former Lumpinee Stadium 130 lbs champion, and the 2019 Lumpinee Stadium Fighter of the Year.
Muay Thai career
Nuenglanlek defeated Yodthongthai Sor.Sommai by unanimous decision in August 2016.
He fought Kulabdam Sor.Jor.Piek-U-Thai in May 2018 at the Lumpini Stadium. Nuenglanlek lost the fight by a unanimous decision.
Nuenglanlek lost a decision to Sangmanee Sor Tienpo in November 2018.
In December 2018 Nenglanked fought a rematch with Tawanchai PK Saenchaimuaythaigym at the Lumpini Stadium. Tawanchai won the fight by a fifth round TKO.
In February 2019 Nuenglanlek fought a rematch with Kulabdam Sor.Jor.Piek-U-Thai. He won the fight by a fourth round head kick KO.
He won a unanimous decision against Chujaroen Dabransarakarm in February 2020.
Nuenglanlek fought Tawanchai PK Saenchaimuaythaigym once again in August 2020. Tawanchai won the fight by a unanimous decision.
In November 2020, Nuenglanlek signed a 3-year sponsorship deal with Yokkao, becoming part of the Yokkao Fight Team.
Titles and accomplishments
Lumpinee Stadium
2016 Lumpinee Stadium 130 lbs Champion
2019 Lumpinee Stadium Fighter of the Year
2019 Lumpinee Stadium Fight of the Year (vs Kulabdam Sor.Jor.Piek-U-Thai)
Siam Omnoi Stadium
2018 Omnoi Stadium 135 lbs Champion
Awards
2019 Siam Kela Fighter of the Year
2019 Wan Muay Thai Awards Fighter of the Year
2019 Wan Muay Thai Awards Fight of the Year (vs Kulabdam Sor.Jor.Piek-U-Thai)
Fight record
|- style="background:#;"
| 2022-06-12 || ||align=left| Rungkit Wor.Sanprapai ||Muaydee VitheeThai + Jitmuangnon, Or.Tor.Gor3 Stadium || Nonthaburi, Thailand || || ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2022-05-12 || Win ||align=left| Chujaroen Dabransarakarm ||Petchyindee, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2022-03-03 || Win ||align=left| Chamuaktong Fightermuaythai|| Petchyindee, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2021-11-16 || Loss ||align=left| Ferrari Fairtex|| Lumpinee GoSport + Kiatpetch, Lumpinee Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#c5d2ea;"
| 2021-03-26|| Draw ||align=left| Capitan PetchyindeeAcademy || Muaymumwansuk True4u, Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-12-18|| Win ||align=left| Tapaokaew Singmawynn || Suk Singmawin || Songkhla, Thailand || TKO (Doctor stoppage/cut) || 3 ||
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2020-10-09||Loss||align=left| Chujaroen Dabransarakarm || True4U Muaymanwansuk, Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit, Thailand ||Decision|| 5|| 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2020-08-16|| Loss||align=left| Tawanchai PK Saenchaimuaythaigym || Channel 7 Boxing Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-02-09||Win ||align=left| Chujaroen Dabransarakarm ||Srithammaracha + Kiatpetch Super Fight || Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand ||Decision|| 5|| 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-12-23|| Win ||align=left| Yodlekpet Or. Pitisak ||Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand ||Decision (Unanimous)|| 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-11-07|| Win ||align=left| Muangthai PKSaenchaimuaythaigym|| Ruamponkon Prachin ||Prachinburi, Thailand|| KO (Elbow) || 4 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-10-05||Win||align=left| Kulabdam Sor.Jor.Piek-U-Thai || Yod Muay Thai Naikhanomton || Buriram, Thailand || TKO (Knees to the body)|| 4 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-07-04|| Win ||align=left| Yodlekpet Or. Pitisak ||Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous)|| 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2019-05-10|| Loss ||align=left| Kulabdam Sor.Jor.Piek-U-Thai || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-03-27 || Win ||align=left| Muangthai PKSaenchaimuaythaigym || Parunchai Birthday || Thung Song, Thailand || KO (Elbow) || 2 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-02-12|| Win||align=left| Kulabdam Sor.Jor.Piek-U-Thai || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Right high kick) || 4 ||
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2018-12-07|| Loss ||align=left| Tawanchai PK Saenchaimuaythaigym || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || TKO || 5 || 0:40
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2018-11-08|| Loss ||align=left| Sangmanee Sor Tienpo || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-09-06|| Win ||align=left| Panpayak Sitchefboontham || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2018-07-10|| Loss ||align=left| Tawanchai PK Saenchaimuaythaigym || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-06-16 || Win ||align=left| Extra Sitworapat || Siam Omnoi Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2018-05-01|| Loss ||align=left| Kulabdam Sor.Jor.Piek-U-Thai || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-03-17 || Win ||align=left| Kaimukkao Por.Thairongruangkamai || Siam Omnoi Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO || 3 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2018-02-08 || Loss ||align=left| Kaimukkao Por.Thairongruangkamai || || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-12-29 || Win ||align=left| Rodlek Jaotalaytong || Suk Jaotalaythong+Piyuphabaimahakosol || Surat Thani Province, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-11-09 || Win ||align=left| Kaimukkao Por.Thairongruangkamai || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2017-09-09 || Loss ||align=left| Phet Utong Or. Kwanmuang || || Thailand || TKO || 4 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-07-31 || Win ||align=left| Extra Sor.Sirilak || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-06-27 || Win ||align=left| Petnamngam Or.Kwanmuang || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-05-31 || Win ||align=left| Design Rachanon || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || TKO || 4 ||
|- style="background:#c5d2ea;"
| 2017-05-02 || Draw ||align=left| Sakchainoi M.U.Den || || Mueang Krabi District, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2017-03-29 || Loss ||align=left| Extra Sor.Sirilak || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2017-03-07 || Loss ||align=left| Phetmorakot Teeded99 || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO (High Kick)|| ||
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2017-01-26 || Loss ||align=left| Petnamngam Or.Kwanmuang || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2016-12-09 || Loss ||align=left| Phetmorakot Teeded99 || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2016-10-04 || Loss ||align=left| Kaonar P.K.SaenchaiMuaythaiGym || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-08-30 || Win ||align=left| Yodthongthai Sor.Sommai || || Songkhla Province, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-08-05 || Win ||align=left| Jamsak Sakburirum || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2016-06-24 || Loss ||align=left| Saen Parunchai || Central Stadium || Songkhla, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-06-02 || Win ||align=left| Kongdanai Sor.Sommai || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2016-04-24 || Loss ||align=left| Rodlek Jaotalaytong || Channel 7 Boxing Stadium || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2016-03-02 || Loss ||align=left| Rodlek Jaotalaytong || Rajadamnern Stadium || Thailand || TKO || 2 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-01-29 || Win ||align=left| Grandprixnoi Pitakpaphadeang || Lumpinee Stadium || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#c5d2ea;"
| 2015-11-10 || Draw ||align=left| Grandprixnoi Pitakpaphadeang || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-10-13 || Win ||align=left| Yok Parunchai || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2015-09-20 || Loss ||align=left| Yok Parunchai || Channel 7 Boxing Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-08-24 || Win ||align=left| Yimsiam Pangkongprab || || Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-05-31 || Win ||align=left| Sirimongkol PK Saenchaimuaythaigym || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-04-27 || Win ||align=left| Fasatan Sitwatcharachai || Rangsit Boxing Stadium || Rangsit, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-02-15 || Win ||align=left| Kaow-A Kiatcharoenchai || Channel 7 Boxing Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || TKO || 4 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2014-12-11 || Win ||align=left| Phalaphon Pumphanmuang || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO || 2 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2014-10-12 || Win ||align=left| Kaow-A Sitpholek || Channel 7 Boxing Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2013-11-23 || Win ||align=left| Posailek Pagonponsurin || Ladprao Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Elbow) || ||
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
See also
List of male kickboxers
References
1990s births
1995 births
Living people
Nuenglanlek Jitmuangnon
Bantamweight kickboxers
Nuenglanlek Jitmuangnon
Greenbush is an extinct town in Walker County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A post office called "Green Bush" was established in 1856, and remained in operation until 1927. The community was named for a prominent green bush which grew at the original town site.
References
Geography of Walker County, Georgia
Ghost towns in Georgia (U.S. state)
John Davenant (20 May 1572, in London – 20 April 1641, in Salisbury) was an English academic and bishop of Salisbury from 1621. He also served as one of the English delegates to the Synod of Dort.
Life
He was educated at Queens' College, Cambridge, elected a fellow there in 1597, and was its President from 1614 to 1621. From 1609 onward, he served as the Lady Margaret's Professor of Divinity, from which he was called away by James I to represent the Church of England at the Synod of Dort in 1618, along with Samuel Ward, Joseph Hall and George Carleton.
Views
At Dort there were divisions in the Anglican camp:
A compromise pursued went in Davenant's direction. According to one interpretation of Davenant's views:
{{quote|Davenant attempted to find a middle road between outright Arminianism and the supralapsarianism which some in England favored. He found in the theology of Saumur such a road and defended the Amyrauldian views of hypothetical universalism, a general atonement in the sense of intention as well as sufficiency, a common blessing of the cross, and a conditional salvation. All these views stood in close connection with the theology of the well-meant offer of salvation to all.<ref>[http://www.prca.org/current/Free%20Offer/chapter5.htm Davenant and the Westminster Assembly, PDF]</ref>}}
Other interpretations see Davenant as distinguishing himself from the School of Saumur and from the views of Moses Amyraut. When French Amyraldians attempted to garner support, citing the views of members of the British delegation to the Synod of Dort, Davenant offered a reply by way of clarification in his tract, “On the controversy among the French divines,” in which he appears to make a distinction between his own views and those of the Amyraldians.
Davenant sympathised with the aims of John Dury, as far as unifying Protestantism went, and wrote in his favour, a piece subsequently quoted by Gerard Brandt.
On the topic of predestination, he engaged in controversy with the Arminian Anglican Samuel Hoard.
In an undated letter to his friend Samuel Ward, with whom he had served as a delegate to Dort, Davenant endorses the view (shared by Ward) that all baptized infants receive the remission of the guilt of original sin in baptism and that this constitutes their infant baptismal regeneration, justification, sanctification, and adoption. In his view, this infant baptismal remission, which involves the objective status of the infant apart from subjective operations of grace, will not suffice for justification, if the child does not later come to faith. Nonetheless, he goes on to argue that this poses no contradiction to the doctrine of the perseverance of the saints as articulated by Dort, since the "perseverance" intended there presupposes subjective grace.
Davenant's "Dissertation on the Death of Christ" was translated into English from Latin in 1831 by Josiah Allport and published as an appendix to his commentary on the Letter of Paul to the Colossians. The Commentary on Colossians was reprinted, without the "Dissertation," in 2005 by the Banner of Trust Trust (). The "Dissertation" was republished by Quinta Press in 2006 ().
Notes
ReferencesConcise Dictionary of National Biography''
External links
The life, letters & writings of John Davenant D.D., 1572–1641, Lord Bishop of Salisbury (1897) online text
1572 births
1641 deaths
Bishops of Salisbury
English Calvinist and Reformed theologians
Participants in the Synod of Dort
Alumni of Queens' College, Cambridge
Presidents of Queens' College, Cambridge
Writers from London
17th-century English writers
17th-century English male writers
17th-century Calvinist and Reformed theologians
English male non-fiction writers
Lady Margaret's Professors of Divinity
17th-century Church of England bishops
16th-century Anglican theologians
17th-century Anglican theologians
Les faiseurs de silence, by Nic & Cauvin, is the thirty-second album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the third of the authors. The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine before released as a hardcover album in 1984.
Story
In The Silence Makers, Fantasio asks Spirou to join him. Spirou understands quickly that he again used the block box (of the two preceding albums). It discovers its invention: the aspison, which with the capacity to swallow any sound around the zone where it is used. Alas, it involves problems rather quickly and their two enemies, the commander Alexander and his Kalloway assistant, find themselves on their traces.
They seize the machine and make use of it to make hold-ups, however, caught up with by their owner, they must find the block box and go to Fantasio, where they discover with horror that the machine must be discharged after a certain number of use of the absorptive sounds, like a vacuum cleaner. Taken of panic by seeing the level of filling of the machine, they flee by leaving it on the spot. While returning, Spirou and Fantasio discover it and decide to release it in the ocean, so that nobody can press on the button of unloading.
References
Cauvin publications in Spirou and Nic Broca publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1984 in comics
1984 books
Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 106 (FMVSS 106) regulates motor vehicle brake hoses and related assemblies and fittings in the United States. Like all other Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards, FMVSS 106 is administered by the United States Department of Transportation's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
This standard specifies requirements for labeling and performance requirements for motor vehicle brake hose, brake hose assemblies, and brake hose end fittings. The purpose of this standard is to reduce deaths and injuries occurring as a result of brake system failure from pressure or vacuum loss due to hose or hose assembly and plastic tubing or plastic tubing assembly rupture. The requirements apply to passenger cars, multi-purpose passenger vehicles, trucks, buses, trailers, and motorcycles, and to hydraulic, air, vacuum brake hose, plastic air brake tubing, brake hose and plastic air brake tubing assemblies, and brake hose and plastic air brake tubing end fittings for use in those vehicles.
See also
FMVSS
References
External links
https://www.nhtsa.gov/sites/nhtsa.dot.gov/files/documents/tp-106-10_tag.pdf
Automotive safety
Automotive standards
Standards of the United States
Khorasan may refer to:
Greater Khorasan, a historical region which lies mostly in modern-day northern/northwestern Afghanistan, northeastern Iran, southern Turkmenistan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan
Khorasan Province, a pre-2004 province of Iran, subsequently divided into:
South Khorasan Province
North Khorasan Province
Razavi Khorasan Province
Khorasan, Kurdistan, a village in Kurdistan Province, Iran
Khorosan, an alternate name of Sain Qaleh, Iran
Khuroson District, a district in Khatlon province of Tajikistan
Horasan, a town and district of Erzurum Province of Turkey
Khorasan wheat, a wheat variety
Khorasan group, a group of senior al-Qaeda members who reportedly operate in Syria
Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant – Khorasan Province, a branch of ISIL that operates in Pakistan and Afghanistan
See also
Khorasani (disambiguation)
Khwarazm or Chorasmia, an oasis region south of the Aral Sea
Khwarazmian (disambiguation)
Glyphipterix beta is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It is found in Japan and on the Kuril Islands.
The wingspan is 12–16 mm.
References
Moths described in 1964
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Japan
The Isaac Miller House, also known as the Miller House, is a historic home located at St. Joseph, Missouri. It was built in 1859, and is a two-story, Classical Revival-style brick dwelling.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
Neoclassical architecture in Missouri
Houses completed in 1859
Houses in St. Joseph, Missouri
National Register of Historic Places in Buchanan County, Missouri
Camponay Falls is located in Camponay Village in barangay Tabontabon, Sibagat, Agusan del Sur in the southern Philippine island of Mindanao. A cave can be found in the middle of the waterfalls within a secondary forests which is a potential for local outdoor and recreation site. Listed as one of the attractive landmarks in the Province of Agusan del Sur.
Etymology
Camponay Falls and Camponay Cave were named after its village name Sitio "Camponay."
The earlier settlers on this place named the place as "Camponay" which derived from the word "Campo" or "camp" where a military camp was established in early years.
Geography
Camponay Waterfalls and Cave is located in the hinterlands of a remote village of Camponay, Barangay Tabontabon, Sibagat, Agusan del Sur.
It is 2.5 km away from the NRJ junction of Eureka, Tabon-tabon Pan-Philippine Maharlika Highway (Agusan–Davao Road).
It is 20.5 km away from Butuan City and 13.5 km away from Barangay Poblacion, Sibagat, Agusan del Sur via Maharlika Highway.
It entails around an hour of trekking in order to get to the scenic destination of Camponay Waterfalls and Cave.
References
See also
Sibagat, Agusan del Sur
Agusan del Sur
Caraga Region
Waterfalls of the Philippines
Landforms of Agusan del Sur
Thomas James Peters (12 December 1920 – 2010) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Accrington Stanley, Bury and Mansfield Town.
References
1920 births
2010 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Southend United F.C. players
Bury F.C. players
Leeds United F.C. players
Droylsden F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Accrington Stanley F.C. (1891) players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
"I'm Living in Two Worlds" is a song written by Jan Crutchfield, which was recorded and released by American country artist Bonnie Guitar. The song reached number nine on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart and number ninety-nine on the Billboard Hot 100 in early 1966. "I'm Living in Two Worlds" became Guitar's first Country top-ten single and her first charting single since 1959. The song was popular among other female country vocalists and covered on albums by Kitty Wells, Loretta Lynn, Wilma Burgess, Skeeter Davis, and Jan Howard.
The single helped officially introduce Guitar to the country music market, setting the trend for a series of country music singles.
Chart performance
References
1965 singles
Bonnie Guitar songs
1965 songs
Songs written by Jan Crutchfield
Dot Records singles
Hopton Castle is a civil parish in Shropshire, England. It contains eleven listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the village of Hopton Castle and the surrounding countryside. The oldest listed building in the parish consists of the remains of Hopton Castle. Most of the other listed buildings are houses, cottages, farmhouses and farm buildings, all of which are timber framed. In addition a church, two memorials in the churchyard, and a telephone kiosk are listed.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of buildings and structures in Shropshire
Continuation is a concept in computer science.
Continuation may also refer to:
Concept
Analytic continuation, a technique in complex analysis
Numerical continuation, a method to compute approximate solutions of a system of non-linear equations
Continuation War, the Finno-Soviet conflict during World War II
Continuing patent application, a special type of patent application
Continuation car, a special type of replica of a vehicle no longer in production by the original automaker
Continuation novel
Arts
Continuation (sculpture), a 2009 sculpture in Portland, Oregon
Continuation (album), a 1983 album by Philip Bailey
The Continuation, Deathgaze
Continuation, a 2009 album by Alex Cline
See also
Continue (disambiguation)
Argumental is a Dave comedy panel game television show that was first broadcast between 2008 and 2011. It was created by Ricky Kelehar, and was hosted by John Sergeant until the end of Series 3 after which Sean Lock took over for the fourth series. In each episode two teams of two panelists, a blue team and a red team, debated and argued on various topics, with the studio audience voting for who they thought put forward the best case. For the first three series the blue team was captained by Rufus Hound while the red team was captained by Marcus Brigstocke, for the fourth series the captains were Robert Webb (blue) and Seann Walsh (red).
In total 49 episodes were broadcast, 44 regular editions and five clip shows. A Comic Relief special was broadcast as part of the 24 Hour Panel People marathon with David Walliams as host, but this does not count to the official number of episodes. All 49 official episodes were first broadcast on UKTV channel Dave, with four episodes from the second series additionally being shown on BBC Two.
Episode list
The coloured backgrounds denote the result of each of the shows:
– indicates the blue team (Rufus/Robert) won
– indicates the red team (Marcus/Seann) won
– indicates the game ended in a draw
Series 1
Series 2
Series 3
Comic Relief special
Series 4
Scores
Notes
External links
Lists of British comedy television series episodes
Lists of British non-fiction television series episodes
Cecil Roy Luining (June 28, 1931 – November 20, 1998) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1958, 1959, 1961 and 1962. After his football, he was a dairy retailer, a member of the Selkirk City Council, and president of the Gull Lake Ratepayers Association. He died of a heart attack in 1998 after a Grey Cup parade in Winnipeg.
References
1931 births
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Canadian sportsperson-politicians
Manitoba municipal councillors
1998 deaths
Don Carlo Campora (August 30, 1927 – June 5, 1978) was an American gridiron football player and coach. He played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) for the San Francisco 49ers in 1950 and 1952 and for the Washington Redskins in 1953. In 1954, he played with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League (CFL). Campora played college football at the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California and served as the school's head football coach from 1964 to 1965. He was selected by the 49ers in the second round with the 23rd overall pick of the 1950 NFL Draft.
Campora was a native of Stockton, where he attended high school. He worked as an assistant football coach at Arizona State University in 1951 under Larry Siemering, who coached Campora at Pacific. Campora served as a line coach at Stockton College (now known as a San Joaquin Delta College) from 1955 to 1957. He joined the coaching staff as his alma mater, Pacific, as line coach in December 1957.
Campora's tongue-in-cheek nickname was "Tiny". He was a teacher at Calaveras High School in San Andreas, California, in the 1970s.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1927 births
1978 deaths
American football tackles
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football tackles
Arizona State Sun Devils football coaches
Calgary Stampeders players
Pacific Tigers football coaches
Pacific Tigers football players
San Francisco 49ers players
Washington Redskins players
Junior college football coaches in the United States
People from Cache County, Utah
Players of American football from Stockton, California
Players of Canadian football from Stockton, California
Suruceni is a village in Ialoveni District, Moldova, 22 km from Chișinău.
It has been the site, since 1785, of Suruceni Monastery of St George, a community of Orthodox nuns. The sisters farm land on the edge of the village, and maintain two monastic churches which are open to the public at certain times.
Sport
FC Sfântul Gheorghe Suruceni is based in the village.
Notable people
Ion Suruceanu
Nicolae Suruceanu
Vasile Ciorăscu
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
The 2018 Australian GT Trophy Series was an Australian motor racing competition for FIA GT3 cars and similar approved automobiles. It was contested over a five rounds series which was managed by Trofeo Motorsport Pty Ltd and sanctioned by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport (CAMS) as an Authorised Series.
The series was won by Nick Kelly driving an Audi R8 LMS Ultra.
See also
2018 Australian GT Championship
References
Australian GT Trophy Series
GT Trophy Series
"Music Makes Me High" is the fourth single released from the Lost Boyz' debut album, Legal Drug Money. The original version of the song was produced by Mr. Sex and Charles Suitt, the song's official remix was produced by L.T. Hutton and featured Tha Dogg Pound and a then unknown Canibus in his first official appearance. The remix had a music video released which showed the Lost Boyz, Tha Dogg Pound and Canibus at a pool party.
The song was the second most successful single of the five released from Legal Drug Money, after "Renee". It peaked at number 51 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number five on the Billboard Hot Rap Singles.
Single track listing
Chart history
Peak positions
Year-End charts
References
1996 singles
Lost Boyz songs
1995 songs
Uptown Records singles
Universal Records singles
Songs written by Mr. Cheeks
William Henry Bishop (October 22, 1900 – February 14, 1956) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season.
References
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Athletics players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
1900 births
1956 deaths
Scottdale Scotties players
Nhamatanda District is a district of Sofala Province in Mozambique. The principal town is
Nhamatanda. The district is located in the center of the province, and borders with Gorongosa District in the north, Muanza District in the northeast, Dondo District in the east, Buzi District in the south, and with Gondola District of Manica Province in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 210,757 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal rivers in the district are the Muda River, the Mecuzi River, the Nhamatanda River, the Tsengudza River, the Nhamissenguere Metuchira River, the Mecuzi Manguena River, the Mítua River, the Mussicavo River, the Mutarara River, and the Pungwe River.
According to the Köppen climate classification, in the east the district has tropical wet and dry climate (Aw), and in the east tropical humid climate (Cw). The annual rainfall is .
History
Until colonial times, the area was scarcely populated, but for the railway construction people from the whole country were settled here. The district was established in 1980.
Demographics
As of 2005, 43% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 36% did speak Portuguese. The most common mothertongue is Cindau. 71% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Nhamatanda (two localities) and Tica (two localities).
Economy
1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 33,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sorghum, sweet potato, and rice.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district long. It includes a stretch of the national road EN6 which connects Beira with Chimoio and the border with Zimbabwe. The railway from Beira to Zimbabwe crosses the district.
References
Districts in Sofala Province
States and territories established in 1980
The ESPO () was a collaborationist, pro-Nazi organization created in the summer of 1941 in German-occupied Greece, under the leadership of Georgios Vlavianos and later Dr. Spyros Sterodimas. Its members were ultra-nationalists, Nazis, and fascists aiming to help the Axis occupation forces against Communism and Jews.
One of their main actions was the ransacking of the synagogue on Melidoni Street, Athens, by the ESPO's youth section.
The bombing
Dr. Sterodimas, meanwhile, was trying to recruit Greek youth to create a Greek division of the Waffen SS, but was killed together with other 28 members of ESPO (and 48 German soldiers) when the PEAN resistance group blew up the organization's headquarters in central Athens. His death meant the abandonment of these plans, and the effective end of ESPO. During the Day of Atonement services, on September 22, 1942, the Gestapo seized ten prominent Jews in retaliation for this explosion. After the death of Sterodimas, the leadership passed to Aristeides Andronikos, who left to Austria in September 1944 with other collaborators.
Today there is a small monumento to PEAN's leader, Kostas Perrikos at the place.
References
1941 establishments in Greece
1942 disestablishments in Greece
Political parties established in 1941
Political parties disestablished in 1942
1940s in Greek politics
Defunct nationalist parties in Greece
Fascism in Greece
Greek collaborators with Nazi Germany
Athens in World War II
Nazi parties
Collaboration with the Axis Powers
Antisemitism in Greece
Anti-communist parties
Far-right political parties in Greece
Greek Orthodoxy in Greece
Vũ Văn Danh (born 17 April 1926) is a retired Vietnamese former sports shooter. He competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics and placed 53rd. He was a police colonel and was married to a fellow Olympics shooter Hương Hoàng Thi.
References
External links
1926 births
Possibly living people
Vietnamese male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Vietnam
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Hanoi
Nathaniel Shepard Keith (July 14, 1838 – January 27, 1925) was an American manufacturer, chemist, inventor, writer, and electrical engineer. Keith was born in Boston, Massachusetts and worked in his fathers laboratory. He was instrumental in designing, manufacturing, and installing the original electric lighting and power system in San Francisco, California. In 1884 he became editor of Electric World, co-founded the American Institute of Electrical Engineers (AIEE) and served as the first secretary of the organization. The AIEE merged with other societies in 1963 to become the IEEE, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Biography.
N. S. Keith grew up experimenting in his father's laboratory in New York City. He was educated in the common schools of Dover, N. H. and New York City, and attended the New York University Medical School, but never practiced medicine. He also learned the basics of chemistry in the laboratory of his father, Bethuel Keith & Co., a physician and chemist in drug manufacturer (Bethuel Keith 1811-1884). In 1860, at age 22, he followed the Pikes Peak Gold Rush to Colorado where he spent nearly a decade mining and milling in the Central City-Blackhawk area. He experimented with various processes to work the rebellious gold ores (see "Ore Roasting Furnace" Patent No. 36437, Sept 9, 1862). Although the "Keith Process" of ore crushing and smelting worked in the laboratory, he failed to perfect the system on an industrial scale. He was superintendent of several mining operations, including the well known Mammoth mine, which closed when the vein pinched out.
Returning to the East by 1870, he became a respected New York City chemist and began experimenting with electricity. He operated nickel plating works in Newark and patented a method to remove tin from scrap, patented in 1876. He also patented early electric lights and motors, among the earliest patents. He was active in professional organizations, being a co-founder of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers and editor and founder of Electronic World. At the same time he authored Magnetic and Dynamo-Electric Machines (1884) and translated German texts on electric motors. Lured West again, in 1884 he built the first electric plant for San Francisco. Between 1884 and 1893 he was among the first to apply electricity to mining, especially electro-metallurgy. Located in San Francisco he served as consultant to mining companies across the West. He would also patent several more pieces of mine machinery (a ball crusher [the "Keith Pulverizer"]) and amalgamation equipment (the commonly used centrifugal electrical amalgamation machine). In San Francisco, he also sold electric motors to meet burgeoning demand, but sold out with the crash of 1893.
During much of 1893-1897 he was in England trying to promote his electro-metallurgical process for the extraction of precious metals from their ores. He returned to the United States and became an advisor to Thomas Edison, based in Philadelphia. He worked on the ill-fated electro-magnetic mining operations funded by Edison. He also worked on electric extraction of copper from its ores, helping organize a company to test his process in the old copper mines of New Jersey. At the time of his death he was still director or officer in a number of mining companies, including the Metals Recovery Company and the American Mines & Venture Corporation.
He married Anna Tait Swan in New York in 1860 and all three of their daughters were born in Black Hawk, Colorado—Virginia (1862), Harriet (1866), and Elma (1867). None married, but taught in a college in New York City. Anna Keith died July 2, 1909 in Philadelphia. Nathaniel Shepherd Keith died January 27, 1925 in Philadelphia.
References
External links
James O'Leary, “Nathaniel Shepard Keith,” in The Builders of a Great City: San Francisco's Representative Men, the City, Its History and Commerce: Pregnant Facts Regarding the Growth of the Leading Branches of Trade, Industries and Products of the State and Coast, Volume 1 (San Francisco: San Francisco journal of commerce publishing co., 1891), 229-230.
https://archive.org/details/buildersofgreatc00sanf
1838 births
1925 deaths
American chemists
American electrical engineers
American metallurgists
American mining engineers
Businesspeople from Boston
New York University alumni
Julius Brammer (9 March 1877 – 18 April 1943) was an Austrian librettist and lyricist. Some of his better-known works were written in conjunction with the composers Emmerich Kálmán, Oscar Straus, Leo Ascher, Edmund Eysler and Robert Stolz.
Life
Brammer was born in Sehraditz, Moravia (present-day Sehradice, near Zlín), the son of Hermann and Julie. He trained as an actor and first appeared in the Staatstheater am Gärtnerplatz in Munich. He later transferred to Vienna, where he became involved in operetta productions at the Theater an der Vienna. From 1908 he concentrated on writing libretti, often with Alfred Grünwald, and became one of the leading creative artists of the Vienna "Silver Operetta Period" (about 1900 to 1920).
After the Anschluss, as a Jew, he was forced to emigrate and went to Paris, and after the fall of that city during World War II, to the unoccupied south of France, where he died in Juan-les-Pins.
One of his most enduring numbers, still popular in several translations, is "Schöner Gigolo, armer Gigolo", in English "Just a Gigolo" (lyrics by Julius Brammer, music by Leonello Casucci). It was recorded by many musicians of the time, including Bing Crosby, Louis Armstrong, Dajos Béla and Richard Tauber, later by Louis Prima, and is still being recorded in different languages. The song appeared in a 1931 film, a 1932 Betty Boop cartoon, a 1978 movie and a 1993 TV series, all titled after the song.
Select works (libretti)
1905 Elektra, with Alfred Grünwald; music by Béla Laszky
1911 Die Dame in Rot, with Alfred Grünwald; music by Robert Winterberg
1912 Hoheit tanzt Walzer, with Alfred Grünwald; music by Leo Ascher
1913 Der lachende Ehemann, with Alfred Grünwald; music by Edmund Eysler
1913 Die ideale Gattin, with Alfred Grünwald; music by Franz Lehár
1915 Die schöne Schwedin, with Alfred Grünwald; music by Robert Winterberg
1916 Die Kaiserin, a.k.a. Fürstenliebe, with Alfred Grünwald; music by Leo Fall
1916 Die Rose von Stambul, with Alfred Grünwald; music by Leo Fall
1917 Bruder Leichtsinn, with Alfred Grünwald; music by Leo Ascher
1918 Dichterliebe (Heinrich Heine), with Alfred Grünwald; music by Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy
1920 Der letzte Walzer (The Last Waltz), with Alfred Grünwald; music by Oscar Straus
1921 Die Bajadere (The Yankee Princess), with Alfred Grünwald; music by Emmerich Kálmán
1924 Gräfin Mariza (Countess Maritza), with Alfred Grünwald; music by Emmerich Kálmán
1926 Die Zirkusprinzessin (The Circus Princess), with Alfred Grünwald; music by Emmerich Kálmán
1928 Die Herzogin von Chicago (The Duchess of Chicago), with Alfred Grünwald; music by Emmerich Kálmán
Filmography
The Rose of Stamboul, directed by Felix Basch (Germany, 1919)
Countess Maritza, directed by Hans Steinhoff (Germany, 1925)
The Circus Princess, directed by Adolf Gärtner (Germany, 1925)
Her Highness Dances the Waltz, directed by Fritz Freisler (Austria, 1926)
The Laughing Husband, directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and Rudolf Dworsky (Germany, 1926)
The Last Waltz, directed by Arthur Robison (Germany, 1927)
The Circus Princess, directed by Victor Janson (Germany, 1929)
The Merry Wives of Vienna, directed by Géza von Bolváry (Germany, 1931)
Gräfin Mariza, directed by Richard Oswald (Germany, 1932)
The Last Waltz, directed by Georg Jacoby (Germany, 1934)
Her Highness Dances the Waltz, directed by Max Neufeld (Austria, 1935, based on Hoheit tanzt Walzer)
Tanecek panny márinky, directed by Max Neufeld (Czechoslovakia, 1935, based on Hoheit tanzt Walzer)
Valse éternelle, directed by Max Neufeld (France, 1936, based on Hoheit tanzt Walzer)
The Last Waltz, directed by Leo Mittler (France, 1936)
The Last Waltz, directed by Leo Mittler (UK, 1936)
The Rose of Stamboul, directed by Karl Anton (West Germany, 1953)
The Last Waltz, directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt (West Germany, 1953)
Mister X, directed by (Soviet Union, 1958, based on Die Zirkusprinzessin)
Gräfin Mariza, directed by Rudolf Schündler (West Germany, 1958)
The Circus Princess, directed by Svetlana Druzhinina (Soviet Union, 1982)
References
External links
1877 births
1943 deaths
People from Zlín District
People from the Margraviate of Moravia
Czech Jews
Austrian operetta librettists
Austrian male writers
Austrian lyricists
Jewish emigrants from Austria after the Anschluss
Franck Martial Ewane Moussima (born 23 February 1984) is a Cameroonian judoka.
Achievements
References
1984 births
Living people
Cameroonian male judoka
Judoka at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Cameroon
African Games gold medalists for Cameroon
African Games medalists in judo
Universiade medalists in judo
Competitors at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Competitors at the 2011 All-Africa Games
Universiade medalists for Cameroon
Medalists at the 2007 Summer Universiade
20th-century Cameroonian people
21st-century Cameroonian people
Ji Seung-hyun () is a Korean name consisting of the family name Ji and the given name Seung-hyun, and may also refer to:
Ji Seung-hyun (handballer) (born 1979), South Korean handballer
Ji Seung-hyun (actor) (born 1981), South Korean actor
Paul James Bird (born 7 May 1971) played first-class and List A cricket for Somerset in 1994. He was born in Bristol.
Bird was a tail-end right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler. Before turning professional Bird played club cricket for Optimists CC (now known as Bristol CC) where he was one of the opening bowlers for the Optimists CC team that won the National Knockout Cup final at Lords in 1992, finishing the final with figures of 0/25 from 9 overs. After appearing in one second eleven match for Gloucestershire, he joined Somerset's staff for the 1994 season.
In his first season in professional cricket, Bird made a greater impact in one day cricket than in first-class cricket. His first wicket for the Somerset first XI was clean bowling Brian Lara in a Sunday League match in early May which was screened live on BBC2. He played in five List A game during his first season - going at a miserly 4.5 runs an over in those games. He also played in 12 county second XI matches for Somerset over the course of the 1994 season, taking 39 wickets at an average of 22.92.
Bird signed a new two year contract with Somerset at the end of the 1994 season - as ten other players were released from the playing staff. With a much smaller first eleven squads and having been promised a long run in the first team, Bird then had to retire in June in the 1995 season with a serious shoulder injury just as his career was taking off.
He played for McKinnon Cricket Club in Melbourne, Australia in 1993 and 1995 – winning their bowler of the year both seasons.
Bird played club cricket for Chippenham CC in the West of England Premier League division one in 1999 and 2000. He played for Claverham CC, in Somerset, from 2001 to 2018 and helped them win the Bristol and Somerset League in 2004 and 2015. He retired from playing cricket at the end of the 2018 season.
Bird has two children, Alice and Harry, both of whom also play cricket. Alice and Harry play their youth team cricket for Weston-super-Mare CC. Alice has played for Somerset CCC girls since 2017 and she played 4 T20 games for Somerset Women at the age of 14 in 2020. She was then selected for the Somerset CCC girls Emerging Players' Programme for the 2021 season. Harry was selected for the Somerset CCC U11s squad at the age of 9 for the 2021 season.
Paul worked in sales and marketing for Imperial Tobacco for 20 years and now owns the Cuban Cigar Specialist 'Birds of Baldwin Street' in the city centre of Bristol.
References
1971 births
Living people
English cricketers
Somerset cricketers
Afropesa is a genus of southern African mygalomorph spiders in the family Entypesidae. It was first described by S. L. Zonstein and D. Ríos-Tamayo in 2021, and it has only been found in South Africa. it contains only three species: A. gauteng, A. schoutedeni, and A. schwendingeri. The type species was originally described under the name "Entypesa schoutedeni.
See also
Entypesa
List of Entypesidae species
References
Further reading
Entypesidae
Mygalomorphae genera
Spiders of South Africa
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Sakimoto was born in Sakai on April 14, 1982. After graduating from high school, he joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka based in his local in 2001. Although he debuted in 2001, he could hardly play in the match until 2003. In 2004, he moved to Japan Football League club Sagawa Express Osaka and played many matches. He retired end of 2004 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Osaka Prefecture
People from Sakai, Osaka
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
Japan Football League players
Gamba Osaka players
Sagawa Shiga FC players
Association football midfielders
SOX2 overlapping transcript (SOX2OT) is a long non-coding RNA, containing at least 5 exons. The SOX2 gene, an important regulator of neurogenesis, lies within one of the introns of SOX2OT. SOX2OT and SOX2DOT (an isoform of SOXOT transcribed from a distal highly conserved element) are expressed in zones of neurogenesis within the brain. It is associated with central nervous system structures in zebrafish and chicken embryonic brains, and is dynamically regulated during embryogenesis. SOX2OT may play a role in vertebrate development.
See also
Long noncoding RNA
References
Further reading
Non-coding RNA
The 1994 kidnappings of western tourists in India were the abductions of four foreign tourists in Delhi, India, between 29 September and 20 October 1994, by terrorists. The kidnappings were perpetrated by the anti-Indian terrorist group Harkat-ul-Ansar (HuA), under the pseudonym of Al-Hadid, lead by Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh to secure the release of HuA leaders. Sheikh was caught and ultimately imprisoned at the Tihar Jail in Delhi. The abductees included three British citizens, Myles Croston, Paul Rideout, and Rhys Partridge, and one American, Béla Nuss; all of them were rescued unharmed by the police.
HuA would also perpetrate the 1995 kidnapping of Western tourists in Kashmir where most of the hostages were killed with one being beheaded. Sheikh was released (along with Harkat leader Masood Azhar and Mushtaq Ahmed Zargar) in 1999 in exchange for hostages of Indian Airlines Flight 814 which had been hijacked by fellow Harkat members. He would go on to kidnap and allegedly murder Daniel Pearl in 2002.
Background
A violent insurgency had been going on in Jammu and Kashmir since 1989. Kidnappings of foreign tourists had been attempted by Kashmiri Militants, most notably the attempt to kidnap seven Israelis in 1991. However, until this point the separatists had not kidnapped anybody outside of the disputed state.
Three of those kidnapped, Paul Benjamin Ridout and Christopher Miles Croston (both kidnapped on 16 October) and Rhys Partridge (Australian citizen of British heritage, kidnapped on 29 September), were from Great Britain and a fourth, Béla Nuss (kidnapped on 19 October), was an American from San Francisco, California; all were kidnapped on gunpoint.
Kidnapping
The tourists were all befriended by young British Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh who was a member of Harkat-ul-Ansar and pretending to be an Indian under the name "Rohit Sharma". He told them that his uncle had died and left a village for him. He then invited them to visit the village with him. The three Britons were taken to a village near Saharanpur and kept captive there by his associates. Béla Nuss was the last to be kidnapped and was kept in Ghaziabad just outside Delhi. The kidnappers demanded that the Indian government free ten militants imprisoned in Kashmir and threatened to behead their captives if the demand was not met.
Rescue
Béla Nuss was freed on 31 October by the police, while investigating a robbery, police came across the house where he was being kept captive. After information given to the police by Nuss about other hostages being held, police staked out the house, captured one of the drivers, and the interrogation of two terrorists, later arrested at the site, led them to the village of Saharanpur, where the Britons were being held captive. Omar Saeed was also captured and wounded when he had returned to the Ghaziabad house to talk to Nuss after being informed that he had stopped eating four days before. Two policemen and a militant were killed in a pre-dawn shoot-out at the second location on 1 November. All the tourists were freed unhurt.
Aftermath
Three Pakistani militants belonging to Harkat-ul-Ansar were given death sentences and three others life sentences by a Delhi court in April 2002 for their roles in the kidnapping, while Sheikh's charges had been dropped in exchange for his release.
Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh was incarcerated in Tihar Jail and stayed in prison till December 1999 when he was released in exchange for the passengers aboard hijacked Indian Airlines Flight 814. He subsequently was alleged to be involved in the murder of Daniel Pearl. He was sentenced to death on 14 July 2002 in Pakistan. Under CIA interrogation Khalid Sheikh Mohammad confessed to being the one who personally wielded the blade that killed Daniel Pearl.
In popular culture
The kidnapping was the subject of a 2008 episode of the television series, Kidnapped Abroad. The Indian film Omerta (2017 film) is based on this kidnapping and Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh.
Notes
See also
1995 kidnapping of Western tourists in Kashmir
References
External links
Profile: Omar Saeed Sheikh, BBC, 2002-07-16
1994 crimes in India
Islamic terrorist incidents in 1994
Terrorist incidents in India in 1994
1990s in Delhi
October 1994 crimes
October 1994 events in Asia
Kashmir conflict
Islamic terrorism in India
Crime in Delhi
Rao administration
Kidnappings in India
Hostage taking in India
David Holmes is an American sportscaster and was also the winner of the second season of Dream Job, the ESPN reality television talent search show that looks for new on-air talent for the all-sports television network. A 22-year-old student at Kent State University who comes from Uniontown, Ohio, Holmes got onto the show by being one of the two Wendy's Wild Card Winners (the other being K.C. James). It took Holmes a while to find his rhythm, but once he picked it up, he was nearly flawless, though he did stumble on occasions throughout the season. He came close to being cut in both episodes three and nine, but survived to take a not-so-easy win in the season's tenth and final episode over Grant Thompson, who was almost as, if not more, solid than Holmes most of the time, but Thompson's major stumbles in episode ten aided Holmes in his win.
Along with his one-year ESPN contract, Holmes made $70,000 in his first year, and was awarded with a brand-new Mazda6 5-door car. He started at ESPNews at the first of the year, but on observation to see how sportscasting outside the reality stage worked. His first on-air appearance did not take place until late February 2005. It was also on ESPNews, where he began to go by "Dave."
Dream Job
At the time of Dream Job, Holmes stated he "needs to pass one more online course to get his broadcast journalism degree" from Kent State University. When Holmes won, Kent State declared Feb. 19 as Dave Holmes Day at Kent State and then introduced him at the ESPN Bracket Buster game in the Memorial Athletic and Convocation Center.
Holmes did try out for the show's first season, got to the semifinals of the competition, but was passed over for the televised finals for the Spring of 2004.
Life after ESPN
After ESPN, Dave went on to work at WTVG, the ABC affiliate in Toledo, OH, which he joined on April 2, 2007. He worked there as a sports reporter and anchor. He also served as the sports director at 13abc.
In the fall of 2015, Dave announced that he would be leaving 13abc in Toledo for WBNS in Columbus, OH. At the Columbus CBS affiliate, Dave serves as a sports reporter and weekend sports anchor. He also covers The Ohio State Buckeyes football team both at home and on the road.
External links
Official WTVG Biography
"Finale is the Beginning of One Man's Dream" ESPN Article, November 17, 2004
American sports announcers
Reality show winners
Kent State University alumni
Living people
People from Uniontown, Ohio
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Rice paper" has many varieties such as rice paper made from tree bark to make drawing and writing paper or from rice flour and tapioca flour and then mixed with salt and water to produce a thin rice cake and dried to become harder and paper-like. It is used to wrap many ingredients when eating. Vietnam is the only country that creates edible rice paper from the process of making rice noodles and pho noodles.
Rice paper is a product constructed of paper-like materials made from different plants. These include:
Thin peeled dried pith of Tetrapanax papyrifer: A sheet-like "paper" material was used extensively in late 19th century Guangdong, China as a common support medium for gouache paintings sold to Western clients of the era. The term was first defined in the Chinese–English Dictionary of Robert Morrison who referred to the use of the Chinese medicinal plant as material for painting, as well as for making artificial flowers and shoe soles.
Xuan paper made from paper mulberry: The traditional paper which originated in ancient China and it has been used for centuries in China, Japan, Korea, and Vietnam for writing, artwork, and architecture.
Various pulp-based papers: May be made from the rice straw or other plants, such as hemp and bamboo.
Dried starch sheets of various thickness or texture: These edible paper sheets have some properties of pulp paper and can be made from rice starch. They are known as bánh tráng, used in Vietnamese cuisine.
Rice paper plant
In Europe, around the 1900s, a paperlike substance was originally known as rice paper, due to the mistaken notion that it is made from rice. In fact, it consists of the pith of a small tree, Tetrapanax papyrifer, the rice paper plant (蓪草).
The plant grows in the swampy forests of Taiwan, and is also cultivated as an ornamental plant for its large, exotic leaves. In order to produce the paper, the boughs are boiled and freed from bark. The cylindrical core of pith is rolled on a hard flat surface against a knife, by which it is cut into thin sheets of a fine ivory-like texture.
Dyed in various colours, this rice paper is extensively used for the preparation of artificial flowers, while the white sheets are employed for watercolor drawings. Due to its texture, this paper is not suited for writing.
Mulberry paper
This "rice paper", smooth, thin, crackly, and strong, is named as a wrapper for rice, and is made from bark fibres of the paper mulberry tree. It is used for origami, calligraphy, paper screens and clothing. It is stronger than commercially made wood-pulp paper. Less commonly, the paper is made from rice straw.
Depending on the type of mulberry used, it is named kozo (Broussonetia papyrifera, the paper mulberry), gampi (Wikstroemia diplomorpha), or mitsumata (Edgeworthia chrysantha). The fiber comes from the bark of the paper mulberry, not the inner wood or pith, and traditionally the paper is made by hand.
The branches of the paper mulberry shrubs are harvested in the autumn, so the fibre can be processed and the paper formed during the cold winter months, because the fibre spoils easily in the heat. The branches are cut into sections two to three feet long and steamed in a large kettle, which makes the bark shrink back from the inner wood, allowing it to be pulled off like a banana peel. The bark can then be dried and stored, or used immediately. There are three layers to the bark at this stage: black bark, the outermost layer; green bark, the middle layer; and white bark, the innermost layer. All three can be made into paper, but the finest paper is made of white bark only.
If the bark strips have been dried, they are soaked in water overnight before being processed further. To clean the black and green bark from the white bark, the bark strip is spread on a board and scraped with a flat knife. Any knots or tough spots in the fibre are cut out and discarded at this stage.
The scraped bark strips are then cooked for two or three hours in a mixture of water and soda ash. The fibre is cooked enough when it can easily be pulled apart lengthwise. The strips are then rinsed several times in clean water to rinse off the soda ash. Rinsing also makes the fibre brighter and whiter—fine kozo paper is not bleached, but is naturally pure white.
Each bark strip is then inspected by hand, against a white background or lit from behind by a light box. Any tiny pieces of black bark and other debris are removed with tweezers, and any knots or tough patches of fibre missed during scraping are cut out of the strips. The ultimate goal is to have completely pure white bark.
The scraped, cooked, and cleaned strips are then laid out on a table and beaten by hand. The beating tool is a wooden bat that looks like a thicker version of a cricket bat. The fibres are beaten for about half an hour, or until all the fibres have been separated and no longer resemble strips of bark.
The prepared fibre can now be made into sheets of paper. A viscous substance called formation aid is added to the vat with the fibre and water. Formation aid is polyethylene oxide, and it helps slow the flow of water, which gives the paper-maker more time to form sheets. Sheets are formed with multiple thin layers of fibre, one on top of another.
Vietnamese rice paper
"Rice Paper" is created from the process of creating rice noodles and Pho, one of the specialties from rice of Vietnamese people. Rice paper originates from the southern provinces. The Northern and Central provinces also created many other types of rice paper with different names. Rice paper has many types of rice paper from traditional rice, coconut milk rice paper, coconut rice paper, mango rice paper, pandan leaf rice paper, etc.
Edible rice paper is used for making fresh spring rolls (salad rolls) or fried spring rolls in Vietnamese cuisine, where the rice paper is called bánh tráng or bánh đa nem. Ingredients of the food rice paper include white rice flour, tapioca flour, salt, and water. The tapioca powder makes the rice paper glutinous and smooth. It is usually sold dried in thin, crisp, translucent round sheets that are wrapped in cellophane. The sheets are individually dipped briefly for a few seconds in warm or cool water to soften, then wrapped around savoury or sweet ingredients.
Edible paper is used in the home baking of foods such as macaroons and is often sold separately as colored sheets that are either plain or printed with images, such as banknotes.
In the media
In the pilot episode of the television series Kung Fu, Kwai Chang Caine undergoes training to become a Shaolin priest. One of the challenges he faces is to walk on a long sheet of rice paper without tearing it or leaving any marks of his passage. His successful completion of the test is incorporated into the series' opening title sequence, with the narration, "When you can walk its length and leave no trace, you will have learned."
See also
Banana paper
Xuan paper
Washi
References
Paper
Food ingredients
Rice products
The R351 road is a regional road in Ireland, located in County Galway.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Galway
Domaine Lamarche (Domaine François Lamarche) is a winery in the Burgundian village of Vosne-Romanée. The domaine was founded in 1797.
Its vineyard holdings include Clos Vougeot, Echezeaux, Grands Echezeaux, and the monopole La Grande Rue.
References
External links
Official website
Burgundy (historical region) wine producers
The Colorado Springs Guidelines is a 1997 document to address gender issues in Bible translation. It was written by theologically conservative Christians in response to "gender-neutral" Bible translations, in particular the New International Version Inclusive Language Edition.
According to two participants at the Colorado Springs meeting, the final list of guidelines was compiled by reference to two separate lists drafted by each of the two ostensibly opposing parties who had agreed to the meeting to discuss their differences. One list was supplied by concerned scholars and pastors, the other by Ken Barker on behalf of translators and publishers.
See also
Danvers Statement
Journal for Biblical Manhood and Womanhood
Recovering Biblical Manhood and Womanhood
Today's New International Version (TNIV)
Notes and references
Bibliography and external links
Colorado Springs Guidelines — copy at Bible-Researcher.com, edited by Michael D. Marlowe.
Supportive of the Guidelines
Grudem, Wayne A. "A Response to Mark Strauss' Evaluation of the Colorado Springs Translation Guidelines". Journal of the Evangelical Theological Society 41 (1998): 263–286.
Poythress, Vern and Wayne Grudem. The Gender-Neutral Bible Controversy: Muting the Masculinity of God's Words. Nashville, Tennessee: Broadman and Holman Publishers, 2000.
Critical of the Guidelines
Carson, Don Arthur. The Inclusive-Language Debate: A Plea for Realism. Grand Rapids, Michigan: Baker Book House, 1998.
Strauss, Mark L. Distorting Scripture?: The Challenge of Bible Translation & Gender Accuracy. InterVarsity Press, 1998.
An Evaluation of the ‘Colorado Springs Guidelines', Ellis W. Deibler, Jr., TNIV web site (tniv.info), June 2002
Other
Ryken, Leland. The Word of God in English: Criteria for Excellence in Bible Translation. Grand Rapids, Michigan: Crossway Books, 2002.
Bible versions and translations
Gender and Christianity
Christianity and society in the United States
Charles Gocher Jr. (November 12, 1952 – February 19, 2007) was an American musician, writer and visual artist, most famous for being a founding member, lyricist and drummer of the experimental rock group Sun City Girls. He also released Pint Sized Spartacus, a solo album under his own name, in 1997. Charles lost his long battle with cancer on February 19, 2007, in Seattle, aged 54. The two other members of Sun City Girls, brothers Alan and Richard Bishop, embarked on a tour of the United States and Canada called "The Brothers Unconnected" in tribute to Charles' death, featuring showings of the man's video works and stripped-down, acoustic versions of selected Sun City Girls songs, including several tracks written by Gocher himself.
External links
Invisible Tempos of the Vanishing Assassin by Alan Bishop
A tribute page to Charles Gocher
An announcement of Gocher's death on WFMU's Beware of the Blog
1952 births
2007 deaths
American rock drummers
Musicians from Arizona
Sun City Girls members
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
20th-century American male musicians
The Red Summer is the first special extended play and the by South Korean girl group Red Velvet. Marketed as the group's first "special summer" release, the five-track EP was released digitally on July 9, 2017, and physically the following day by SM Entertainment. Primarily a dance-pop and EDM record, it is the second major release from Red Velvet to focus solely on their "red" concept, following their debut studio album The Red (2015). It was later proceeded by Summer Magic as both the second "special summer" extended play and the third major "red" release.
The Red Summer received positive reviews from music critics, who complimented its showcasing of the group's "bright and vivid" side. It was a commercial success, becoming the group's sixth consecutive Gaon Album Chart topper and their third to debut atop the Billboard World Albums chart, thus setting the record for the most number-one albums among K-pop girl groups at the time. The EP spawned the single "Red Flavor", and has since become one of the group's signature songs.
Background and release
After concluding music show promotion for their fourth extended play Rookie in February, Red Velvet released the digital single "Would U" as the first release for the second season of the label project SM Station. On June 23, 2017, S.M. Entertainment announced that Red Velvet would be releasing an album in July for a summer comeback (a first for the group) and had recently finished filming the music video. At around midnight on June 30, the first set of teaser images were released through the company's official website, the group's official Instagram, and the group's promotional Twitter account, which was created the same month. Later that day, they posted another set of teasers which revealed the album title and the full track list which includes the title track, "Red Flavor". The album was officially released digitally on July 9 and physically on July 10, and was distributed by Genie Music. The physical album was released in two formats: a CD version and Kihno kit.
Composition
The Red Summer consists of five songs that incorporate genres like dance-pop and EDM. The lead single "Red Flavor" was described by writer Tamar Herman of Billboard magazine as an electropop song with "dramatic synths and a percussive melody." Originally produced by production team Caesar & Loui, the track features background vocals from songwriter Ylva Dimberg and a distorted lyrics "red flavor" done by Lindell himself. It was later rewritten in Korean by SM songwriter and producer Kenzie, whom had previously worked with the group on their first studio album and their third extended play. Jeff Benjamin of Fuse magazine described the song as a "super-simple-to-swallow piece of pop" and wrote that the album consists of five 'feel-good' tracks. "You Better Know" is a warm EDM song. The tropical dance track "Zoo" is a throwback to the group's animal sound-infused debut single "Happiness". "Mojito" was defined as a saccharine, glossy, electropop song and lastly, "Hear the Sea" is a mid-tempo R&B track.
Reception
While Tamar Herman of Billboard, Jeff Benjamin of Fuse magazine and Chase McMullen of The 405 praised the title track and EP for its summery vibe, with McMullen giving the EP an 8/10 and Hermann commenting on its "dynamic in It's jam-packed but not overpowering production" while concluding that it is "sure to be one of the summer's K-pop earworms", Lee Gi-seon of IZM magazine was more neutral and gave the EP 3 out of 5 stars, but had a more positive response to the single "Red Flavor". Chester Chin of The Star described the album as a "sizzling affair that highlights the girl group's more vivid and upbeat side".
The Red Summer claimed the no.1 spot on the South Korean Gaon Album Chart on the third week of July, with the title track "Red Flavor" topping both the Gaon Digital Chart and the Gaon Download Chart. All five tracks from the EP also debuted in the Top 50 of the Digital Chart: "Red Flavor" (no. 1), "You Better Know" (no. 14), "Zoo" (no. 24), "Mojito" (no. 32) and "Hear The Sea" (no. 35).
The Red Summer marks the third time the group has topped Billboard's World Albums chart, making them, at the time, the K-pop girl group with the most no. 1 albums on the chart. The record was tied by their label mate Girls' Generation in August of the same year but was once again beaten by Red Velvet with the release of their second studio album Perfect Velvet in November. According to the site, the EP sold over 1,000 copies within the week, making it at the time the group's best US sales week. It also entered Billboards Top Heatseekers Albums Chart at no. 8, the first time the group has charted in the Top 10. The album also peaked at no. 25 on Billboards Independent Albums which is the first time the group entered the chart. In Japan, it debuted at no. 27 on the Oricon Albums Chart, which was also their highest-peaking position at the time.
Promotion
The single "Red Flavor" had an unconventional release and was performed live by the group at an SMTOWN concert in Seoul on July 8 before the song's digital release along with its music video a day later. 10 minutes after its release on July 9, the group had their first music show performance on Inkigayo where they also performed "You Better Know". They continued appearing on several music shows such as The Show, M Countdown, Music Bank and Show Champion where they earned their first music show trophy for "Red Flavor" on July 20, 2017.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Red Summer.
S.M. Entertainment Co., Ltd.executive producer
Lee Soo-manproducer
Lee Seong-sooproducing director
Jeong Eui-seok (S.M. Blue Cup Studio)recording engineer
Lee Ji-hong (S.M. LYVIN Studio)recording engineer
Lee Min-gyu (S.M. Big Shot Studio)recording engineer
Yoo Ji-sang (MonoTree Studio)recording engineer
Hwang Hyun (MonoTree Studio)recording engineer
Jeong Eun-kyeong (In Grid Studio)recording engineer
Ahn Chang-kyu ()recording engineer
On Seong-yoon (sound POOL Studios)recording engineer
Jeong Ki-hong (Seoul Studio)recording engineer
Ji Yong-joo (Seoul Studio)recording engineer assistant
Nam Koong-jin (S.M. Concert Hall Studio)mixing engineer
Koo Jong-pil (Beat Burger) (S.M. Yellow Tail Studio)mixing engineer
Kim Cheol-soon (S.M. Blue Ocean Studio)mixing engineer
Jeong Ui-seok (S.M. Blue Cup Studio)mixing engineer
Chris Gehringer (Sterling Sound)master engineer
Min Hee-jincreative director
Min Hee-jinmusic video direction and arrangement
Kim Ju-youngmusic video direction and arrangement
Park Yoon-seonmusic video direction and arrangement
Seong Chang-wonmusic video director
Jo Woo-cheolart direction and design
Cho Woo-shikart direction and design
Kim Ye-jinstylist
Yoon Seo-hahair stylist
Soon-eehair stylist
Shin Kyung-mimake-up artist
Song Si-youngphotography
Kim Young-min – executive supervisor
Red Velvetvocals, Polaroid photography
Irenevocals, Polaroid photography
Seulgivocals, Polaroid photography
Wendyvocals, Polaroid photography
Joyvocals, Polaroid photography
Yerivocals, Polaroid photography
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
Release history
References
External links
"Red Flavor" music video
Red Velvet (group) EPs
2017 EPs
SM Entertainment EPs
Korean-language EPs
Genie Music EPs
Albums produced by LDN Noise
This is a list of notable events in the history of LGBT rights that took place in the year 2021.
Events
January
7 - In the United States of America, the Labor Department suspended an executive order banning government agencies and contractors from providing diversity training, after LGBT advocacy groups from the Northern District of California filed suit and a federal judge granted a preliminary nationwide injunction against the executive order.
20 - In the United States of America, President Joe Biden has signed an executive order just hours after his inauguration making the government recognise more protections against discrimination on the basis of sex, to include sexuality, gender identity and sex stereotypes in line with the interpretation of sex discrimination in Bostock v. Clayton County, reversing the changes in interpretation of anti-discrimination laws made by the previous president in regard to discrimination in housing, education, access to shelters and various other areas. It also ordered all federal agencies to review existing regulations and policies that prohibit sex discrimination, and to revise them as necessary to clarify that “sex” includes sexual orientation and gender identity.
25 - In the United States of America, President Joe Biden has signed an executive order ending the ban on service by transgender people in the military that gone into effect on 22 January 2019.
February
9 - In Angola a new criminal code has gone into effect after the parliament passed it in January 2019 and president signed it into law in November 2020. The new penal code no longer criminalises Homosexuality and it contains full anti-discrimination protections on the basis of sexuality and gender identity.
14 - In New York, commercial surrogacy has become legal for both same-sex and opposite-sex couples after being previously banned.
17 - In Bhutan, a new penal code has been signed in to the law. Homosexuality is no longer a crime in Bhutan.
March
11 - The EU parliament decide that the whole territory of all EU member states is a freedom zone for LGBTQIA+ people.
April
6 - Arkansas passes HB 1570 which bans the provision of gender-affirming healthcare to those under 18.
May
10 - In The United States of America, President Joe Biden reverses a policy enacted during the Trump administration which previously allowed healthcare companies to deny coverage to gay and transgender people.
June
7 - The Madras High Court of India moved to ban conversion therapy in the country. Delivering his verdict for the case S Sushma v. Commissioner of Police, Justice N Anand Venkatesh suggested comprehensive measures to sensitize society and various branches of the State including the Police and judiciary to remove prejudices against the LGBTQIA+ community. The court suggested that changes be made to curricula of schools and universities to educate students on understanding issues surrounding the LGBTQIA+ community.
16 - The Mexican State of Sinaloa legalizes same-sex marriage after past attempts to legalize it failed. The Mexican Supreme Court ordered the state to legalize same-sex marriage in 2019. The state will officially begin to recognize same-sex relationships by the end of 2021.
July
11 - The Israeli High Court ruled that the amendment to the Surrogacy Law enacted in 2018, which discriminates against same-sex couples, will be amended by a High Court order, and will enter into force within six months.
September
26 - Swiss Voters approve Same-Sex Marriage in a nationwide referendum. A 64.1% of voters accepted the reform, and none of the 26 Swiss cantons came out against it. The most hesitant canton was Appenzell Inner Rhoden, where 50.8% accepted the reform, while the referendum was most popular in Basel City with 74% voting yes.
November
5 - In Spain, an executive order was signed to allow free IVF treatment for single women and women in same-sex relationships throughout country. A bill has been formally introduced to implement the decision permanently.
29 - In Botswana the Botswana Appeals Court upheld the High Court's ruling decriminalising gay sex.
30 - In Chile the Chamber of Deputies of Chile approved a bill to allow same-sex marriages on 23 November and the Senate of Chile supported that bill on 30 November.
December
7 - Canada makes providing, promoting or advertising conversion therapy, to children, consenting adults and non-consenting adults, a criminal offence. The bill defines conversion therapy as the “practice, treatment or service designed to change a person's sexual orientation to heterosexual, or to change a person's gender identity to cisgender.” The law will allow courts to authorize the seizure or removal of online content advertising the practice.
References
LGBT rights by year
2021 in LGBT history
Ashvin or Ashwin or Ashwan (; ; ; ; Malay/Indonesian: Aswin; Thai: Asawin), also known as Aswayuja, is the seventh month of the lunisolar Hindu calendar, the solar calendar where it is known as Aipassi and the solar India's national civil calendar. It is the sixth month in the solar Bengali calendar and seventh in the lunar Indian national calendar of the Deccan Plateau. It falls in the season of Shôrot, (Hindi Sharad) or Autumn. In Vedic Jyotish, Ashwin begins with the Sun's enter in Virgo.
It overlaps September and October of the Gregorian calendar and is the month preceding Diwali the festival of lights. In lunar religious calendars, Ashwin begins on the new moon after the autumn equinox.
Etymology
Ashvini is the first star that appears in the evening sky. In the Indian astrology it is the head of Aries, or the first of the 27 Nakshatra. Ashvin also stands for the divine twins, the Ashvins, the gods of vision, Ayurvedic medicine, the glow of sunrise and sunset, and averting misfortune and sickness in Hindu mythology. Asawin is the Thai variant of Ashvin and stands for the warrior. The term is often translated into English as "knight".
Festivals
Several major religious holidays take place in Ashvin. Those are as follows:
Navaratri (1-9 lunar Ashvin)
Durga Puja (6-10 lunar Ashvin)
Kojagiri Pornima (15 lunar Ashvin)
Vijayadashami or Dussehra (10 lunar Ashvin)
Diwali festival including Dhanteras (28 lunar Ashvin), Naraka Chaturdasi (29 lunar Ashvin) and Lakshmi Puja (Last day of lunar Ashvin)
Kali Puja (new moon of lunar Ashvin), which are held as per the lunar calendar, usually fall in this month.
Regional variation
According to the latest revised calendar of Bangladesh, instead of 30 days Ashwin is now consists of 31 days. It went into effect from 16 October 2019.
Ashwin is known as aipasi (ஐப்பசி) in Tamil and begins when the sun enters Libra in October.
It's also called kunwaar (कुॅंवार) month in eastern Uttar Pradesh & western Bihar state.
See also
Astronomical basis of the Hindu calendar
Hindu astronomy
Hindu units of measurement
List of most popular given names
References
Months of the Bengali calendar
07
The 2008–09 Mid-American Conference women's basketball season began with practices in October 2008, followed by the start of the 2008–09 NCAA Division I women's basketball season in November. Conference play began in January 2009 and concluded in March 2009. Bowling Green won the regular season title with a record of 15–1 by one game over Ball State. Lauren Prochaska of Bowling Green was named MAC player of the year.
West Division winner Ball State won the MAC tournament over Bowling Green. Tracy Pontius of Bowling Green was the tournament MVP.
Ball State defeated defending national champion Tennessee in the first round of the NCAA tournament before losing to Iowa State in the second round. Bowling Green reached the third round the WNIT.
Preseason awards
The preseason coaches' poll was announced by the league office on October 30, 2008.
Preseason women's basketball coaches poll
(First place votes in parenthesis)
East Division
Ohio
West Division
Honors
Postseason
Mid–American tournament
NCAA tournament
Women's National Invitational Tournament
Postseason awards
Coach of the Year: Curt Miller, Bowling Green and Tricia Cullop, Toledo
Player of the Year: Lauren Prochaska, Bowling Green
Freshman of the Year: Brandie Baker, Central Michigan
Defensive Player of the Year: Porchia Green, Ball State
Sixth Man of the Year: Marke Freeman, Northern Illinois
Honors
See also
2008–09 Mid-American Conference men's basketball season
References
John Burke (born 1988) is an American pianist, composer, and songwriter based in Atlanta, Georgia. Burke is best known for his solo piano albums. He has also composed scores for film, video games, and theatre.
Background
Burke was born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia, where he studied Spanish and music at Oglethorpe University. He later studied public administration at Georgia State University. While in school, Burke discovered pianist George Winston and keyboardist Ray Manzarek and was inspired to become a pianist and composer.
Solo piano albums
In 2011, Burke released his first solo piano album, Synesthesia, which used the neurological phenomenon of the same name to guide compositions based on colors. The album was reviewed positively on English and Spanish music review websites and received international radio play.
In 2013, Burke released his second album, Reverie, which was nominated for Jazz Album of the Year at the solo piano music review site SoloPiano.com. Reverie too received international play and review.
In 2014, Burke released Chirality at a concert, the recording of which received a Telly Award. After winning Jazz Album of the Year, Chirality became a finalist for Album of the Year at SoloPiano.com. In an homage to Johann Sebastian Bach, Chirality used the chemical property of asymmetry as inspiration for melodies and mirrored countermelodies.
In 2016, Burke released Orogen at a concert. The album used the formation of mountains as inspiration for the gradual growth of a single melody. A completely self-released album, Orogen was nominated for Best New Age Album for the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.
In 2021, Burke released Bright Eyes, which he dedicated to his son.
Other albums
In 2015, Burke released his first collaborative album, Kairos, at a concert at Oglethorpe University. The album blended piano with spoken word and flute by Sandra Hughes, the co-founder of Gateway Performance Productions in Atlanta, GA.
In 2017, Burke released his first multi-instrumental album, Superstratum, at a concert at Eddie's Attic in Decatur, Georgia. Each composition of Superstratum represents a layer of the earth and its atmosphere.
In 2018, Burke released his first winter album, The Longest Night. The album featured Burke's instrumental arrangements of popular holiday tunes as well as original compositions.
In 2020, Burke released Sons of Kronos for string quintet. Each piece was named after Poseidon, Hades, and Zeus, the three sons of the mythological titan, Kronos.
Film music
In 2013, Burke composed the original score for the film Juvenile Transgressions.
In 2013, Burke's original piano music was featured on the documentary Going Home.
In 2015, Burke composed the original score for the film Shattered Reflections, starring Lance Broadway.
Stage music
In 2015, Burke composed an original solo piano score for Serenbe Playhouse's production of Tennessee Williams's A Streetcar Named Desire, starring The Vampire Diaries''' Matthew Davis.
In 2017, Burke composed the original score for Synchronicity Theatre's production of Katherine Applegate's The One and Only Ivan, adapted for stage by James E. Grote.
In 2017, Burke composed the original score for Serenbe Playhouse's production of Robin Hood, adapted by playwright Rachel Teagle and directed by Broadway actor Paul McGill. That same season, Burke composed the original score for the Playhouse's production of Macbeth, starring Drop Dead Diva's Justin Deeley.
In 2018, Burke wrote music and lyrics for Red: A Crayon's Musical with author Ben Thorpe, who wrote the musical's book. The musical was an original work based on the children's book Red: A Crayon's Story by Michael Hall. Red: A Crayon's Musical debuted on August 7, 2018, at the Atlanta Musical Theatre Festival.
Video game music
In 2019, Burke composed the original score for Sci-Ops: Global Defense, an edutainment game for PC created by Plasma Games.
Discography
2011 Synesthesia2013 Reverie2014 Chirality2015 Kairos2015 A Streetcar Named Desire (Original Soundtrack)2016 Orogen2017 Superstratum2018 The Longest Night2019 Sci-Ops: Global Defense (Original Soundtrack)2020 Sons of Kronos2021 Bright Eyes''
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Musicians from Atlanta
21st-century American composers
Oglethorpe University alumni
American male pianists
American male composers
21st-century American pianists
21st-century American male musicians
The Caupichigau River is a tributary of the La Trève River, flowing into Regional County Municipality (RCM) of Eeyou Istchee James Bay (municipality), within the administrative region of Nord-du-Québec, Canadian province of Quebec, in Canada.
The course of the river Caupichigau crosses successively the cantons of Berey and Daine.
The hydrographic slope of the Caupichigau River is accessible on road 113 linking Lebel-sur-Quévillon to Chibougamau. This road goes to south of the mouth of Caupichigau Lake and passes south of the Inconnue Lake and Caupichigau Lake.
The surface of the Caupichigau River is usually frozen from early November to mid-May, however, safe ice movement is generally from mid-November to mid-April.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the Caupichigau river are:
North side: Caupichigau Lake, Omo Lake, Omo River;
East side: Mildred River, La Trève Lake;
South side: La Trève River, Inconnue Lake;
West side: Maicasagi River, La Trève River.
The Caupichigau river originates at the mouth of a Caupichigau Lake (length: ; altitude: ). The mouth of this head lake is located at:
South of the southern boundary of the Assinica Wildlife Sanctuary;
Northeast of the mouth of the Caupichigau River (confluence with the La Trève River);
Northeast of the mouth of the La Trève River (confluence with the Maicasagi River);
Northeast of the mouth of the Maicasagi River (confluence with Lake Maicasagi);
Northeast of the mouth of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
Northeast of the mouth of Matagami Lake;
Southeast of the mouth of the Nottaway River;
Northeast of downtown Matagami.
From Caupichigau Lake, the Caupichigau river flows on according to the following segments:
southwesterly in the township of Berey in an enlargement, to the Northern limit of the township of Daine;
southwesterly in Daine Township to mouth.
The "Caupichigau River" flows into a river bend on the Northeastern shore of the La Trève River. From there, it flows Northwest to the Southeast bank of the Maicasagi River. The current flows westward to the east shore of Maicasagi Lake.
Then the current flows Southwest through the Max Passage into the Goéland Lake. The latter is crossed to the northwest by the Waswanipi River which is a tributary of Matagami Lake.
The mouth of the Caupichigau River located at:
south-east of the mouth of the La Trève River (confluence with the Maicasagi River);
Northeast of the mouth of the Maicasagi River (confluence with Maicasagi Lake);
Northeast of the mouth of [Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River)]];
Northeast of the mouth of Olga Lake (Waswanipi River);
North of the village center of Waswanipi;
North of downtown Matagami
Toponymy
The toponym "Caupichigau River" was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec, which created this commission
References
See also
Rivers of Nord-du-Québec
Nottaway River drainage basin
Eeyou Istchee James Bay
CBTV is a Thames TV magazine programme for younger viewers, broadcast over four series in the 1980s.
Its main presenters were the comedy duo Jim Sweeney & Steve Steen, who at the start of each show would have to sneak past the security guard (played by Harry Fielder) on the gates of Teddington Studios to get to their rooftop studio. Other presenters on the show included Anneka Rice, Paul Henley and Mike Smith.
Transmission guide
Series 1: 26 editions from 5 January 1982 – 13 July 1982
Series 2: 43 editions from 28 September 1982 – 26 July 1983
Series 3: 44 editions from 6 September 1983 – 10 July 1984
Series 4: 24 editions from 16 October 1984 – 9 April 1985
References
External links
ITV children's television shows
Television shows produced by Thames Television
Television series by Fremantle (company)
Television shows shot at Teddington Studios
Allosmerus is a monotypic genus of smelt. Its sole species, Allosmerus elongatus, the whitebait smelt, is an uncommon Northeast Pacific smelt, about which little is known. Originally described as both Osmerus attenuatus and O. elongatus, these two species were determined to be conspecific in 1946. The fish can grow from in length, has large eyes, a greenish-gray color on its back, and a silver band along its sides. Unlike most other smelt species which generally have no enlarged teeth in the roof of their mouth, the whitebait has single large tooth in the center of its vomer, which is sometimes flanked by a smaller tooth on either side. The adult males of the species have a longer anal fin.
Their range extends from Vancouver Island to San Francisco, California, although one fish has been found as far south as San Pedro, California, a specimen which may have been released as live bait. Often abundant in bay areas, whitebait are known to spawn on subtidal sandbanks and swim in schools. The fish has fairly minor economic importance; it serves as food for larger fish, and is netted by some fishermen during the spring and summer to be used as bait.
References
Osmeridae
Monotypic ray-finned fish genera
Taxa named by Carl Leavitt Hubbs
Borownica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Borownica
Stony Fork Creek (shown as Stony Fork on federal maps) is a tributary of Babb Creek in Tioga County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Course
Stony Fork begins at the confluence of its east and west branches in the Tioga State Forest northwest of Morris. It flows south, receiving Black Run and Roland Run, both from the left. Stony Fork Road follows the entire length of the stream.
Stony Fork merges with Babb Creek near the unincorporated community of Doane, along Pennsylvania Route 414 between Morris and Blackwell. Babb Creek is a tributary of Pine Creek, a tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River.
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Rivers of Tioga County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Pine Creek (Pennsylvania)
Ondskan ("The Evil") is a Swedish novel by Jan Guillou.
Plot summary
Erik Ponti is a fourteen-year-old boy living in the 1950s Stockholm lower middle class. His sadistic father beats him often, his mother rarely intervenes in the abuse and his six-year-old brother takes advantage of the situation. He excels in school subjects that interest him; "He ran the fastest and scored the most goals, could take a gargantuan beating, hit with full strength at the first punch and on top of all that he was the superior student in several subjects", which lends him a position as gang leader and favored student of half his teachers. (He compulsively leads the class to rebel against the other half, who beat the students.)
He lives with violence both at home and at school and begins feeling sympathy and pity towards those he beats, when his life comes tumbling down because of the school gang's criminal activities. Betrayed by those he thought of as his friends, the gang, he is expelled from school and "pre-emptively" expelled from every school in Stockholm by his zealous and influential principal.
He comes home prepared to face his father "for the last time" but is surprisingly sent to a boarding school outside of the city, the expensive and exclusive Stjärnsberg school. Away from his father and everyone who knew him, Erik is determined to make a new life without violence for himself, but the traditions of the school stop him. Unable to abide the abuse of the senior students, who make it their habit to boss around and beat those below them, "especially new and mouthy kids", he begins a spiral of escalating violence and psychological abuse under the nose of unwitting teachers and adults. Noses are broken, threats are uttered, buckets of feces thrown around and Erik spends a cold winter night soaking wet and tied to the ground.
Erik and his friend and roommate Pierre hold in-depth discussions about the nature of evil, the importance of resistance and methods of fighting, while spending summer and winter breaks abroad. Erik develops a forbidden relationship with Marja, a school cook from Savonia, Finland, and wins a swimming trophy in a school championship.
He is thrown out of the swimming team in an attempt to make him follow orders, and begins working out obsessively by weightlifting to vent his frustrations, panicked over the prospect of being expelled if he lays a hand on a senior student. When Pierre surrenders to the abuse directed at him to punish Erik and leaves the school, Erik takes to stalking the woods in disguise at night and systematically breaking the nose and teeth of those responsible, when he finds them alone.
Marja, fired because of the suspicions of her relationship with Erik, sends him a love letter which the principal uses as grounds to have him expelled, but with the aid of Mr. Ekengren, the family lawyer, Erik threatens legal action over the confiscation of his mail and is allowed to finish his last semester in relative peace. Although not before tracking down his chief tormentor, the chairman of the students' council Otto Silverhjelm, alone in the woods and scaring him into hysteric crying and vomiting.
Finishing his basic education with the highest possible grades—barring the lowest possible grade in conduct and behavior—Erik returns home and deals with his father.
Semi-autobiographical
Jan Guillou has stated that Ondskan is basically a true story. "Some things, like the identity of the love interest, the placing of the swimming pool and such were changed to make the story better. But the stuff you're wondering about - the violence, the crap, the psychological terror - is absolutely true." Indeed, the school Guillou went to was scandalized in the newspapers and bankrupted a few years after his graduation, and he speaks in interviews of his extensive and personal experience of violence.
Characters
Erik Ponti is a teenager hardened by his abusive stepfather, who rebels against anyone who would use their authority to hurt people, fighting with peerless physical and intellectual prowess. He is the autobiographical alter ego of Jan Guillou, and appear in later novels.
Farsan (Dad) is a waiter at a high-class restaurant in Stockholm and Erik's father. A sadist who habitually makes up excuses to beat Erik - but never his little brother - and secretly lets his twin large dobermanns loose to kill a small dog who enters his property, for his amusement.
Pierre Tanguy is chubby, unathletic, bespectacled and maybe the most brilliant student ever at Stjärnsberg. He is mostly left alone by bullies who consider him "no challenge", until his friendship with Erik makes him a target. The exception to the rule against teachers abusing students, he is ridiculed by the history teacher who uses his body to point at examples of "undesirable" qualities. He also appears in later novels.
Otto Silverhielm gains the highest authority among the students' ranks during Erik's second year at Stjärnsberg, and uses every opportunity to punish his subjects physically. Nicknamed "Skitenhielm" (Shitehelm) by his victims, he seems to enjoy hitting people, leading to discussions about him being evil, sadistic or a victim of misdirected aggression.
In Popular Culture
In 2002 Claes Bang asked the theatre director of the Aalborg Teater for permission to perform a monologue called Ondskaben, which is based on Evil. After leaving the theatre in 2004, Bang bought the rights to the work so he could perform the monologue at other theatres. He has performed the monologue almost 400 times, including an English language version in Denmark, Sweden, the UK, Germany, and South Africa.
Awards and adaptations
Ondskan has been read by more than two million (out of ten million) Swedes.
In 1995 Ondskan was dramatized by Benny Haag from Dramaten.
In 1998 the Danish Theatre La Balance converted the above play to a 70-minute monologue performed by Thomas W. Gabrielsson.
Claes Bang has performed a monologue based on the book since 2002.
A film based on the book was released in 2003.
References
1981 novels
Novels by Jan Guillou
Novels set in Stockholm
Fiction set in the 1950s
Swedish autobiographies
Swedish novels adapted into films
Novels set in boarding schools
Kiki Ramos Gindler is an American philanthropist. She serves as the president of the board of directors of the Center Theatre Group, and has donated—with her husband, lawyer David Gindler—more than $2 million to the Los Angeles Master Chorale. She is a 1983 graduate of Pomona College, where she met her husband and worked at the radio station KSPC.
References
American philanthropists
Pomona College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The Triangle Universities Nuclear Laboratory, abbreviated as TUNL (pronounced as "tunnel"), is a tripartite research consortium operated by Duke University, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, North Carolina State University and North Carolina Central University. The laboratory is located on the West Campus of Duke University in Durham, North Carolina. Researchers are now drawn from several other universities around the United States in addition to members from the founding universities. TUNL also participates in long term collaborations with universities and laboratories around the world. Funding for TUNL comes primarily from the United States Department of Energy Office of Nuclear Physics.
TUNL operates three laboratory facilities, all of which reside on Duke University's campus. Two of the facilities, the Tandem Accelerator Laboratory and the Laboratory for Experimental Nuclear Astrophysics, are low energy charged beam accelerators. The third facility is the High Intensity Gamma-Ray Source (HIGS), which produces the highest intensity polarized Gamma ray beams in the world. TUNL is also involved in off-site research projects, including the Majorana Demonstrator Experiment, an ongoing Double beta decay experiment at the Sanford Underground Research Facility in Lead, South Dakota.
History
Research at TUNL is focused on nuclear physics, including studies on Fundamental symmetries, Neutrinos, Nuclear astrophysics, and Hadron structure. TUNL also conducts applied research, investigating the applications of nuclear physics to topics such as National security, Public health, and Plant physiology.
The Triangle Universities Nuclear Laboratory was established in 1965, with a $2.5 Million grant from the United States Atomic Energy Commission providing the funding for a new 15 MeV Tandem Van de Graaff accelerator as well as a 15 MeV Cyclotron. After three years of construction and testing, the new accelerator facility became operational in December 1968. Henry Newson, a nuclear physics professor at Duke University, was responsible for the proposal, was the original proponent of combining the efforts of the three universities, and served as the first director of the new laboratory. The Tandem Generator and the Cyclotron at TUNL were combined into what was named a Cyclo-Graaff accelerator. Ions would first be accelerated in the Cyclotron. Then, once the initial energy was high enough, the beam from the cyclotron would be injected into the Tandem Generator where it would be further accelerated. Using the accelerators together effectively doubled the maximum energy that the lab could reach when compared to the energies of each individual accelerator. This combination, the Cyclo-Graaff, would be used by Henry Newson to study Nuclear Structure until his death in 1978.
Facilities
Tandem Laboratory
An FN Tandem Van de Graaff Generator with a maximum terminal voltage of 10 Mega Volts. The facility can produce light ion beams made up of Protons, Deuterons, 3He Nuclei, and 4He Nuclei. The proton and neutron beams produced at the Tandem Laboratory are available either polarized or unpolarized depending on the experiment requirements. Through secondary beam collisions, the lab can also produce polarized neutron beams, allowing the lab to study neutron interactions. The Tandem Lab is primarily intended to study the Strong force at low energies. Research at Tandem includes few-nucleon dynamics, 2-nucleon transfer reactions, and neutron multiplication.
High Intensity Gamma-ray Source
The High Intensity Gamma-Ray Source (HIGS) produces gamma-rays by means of Compton backscattering. This occurs when photons from a Free-electron laser collide with accelerated Electrons, producing a beam of high energy photons with a very precise energy and a high degree of polarization. The gamma-ray beams can be produced with energies ranging from 1-100 MeV with a maximum intensity of 1000 /s/eV, making HIGS the highest intensity accelerator driven gamma-ray source in the world. Research at HIGS can be broken broadly into two groups: Nuclear Structure and Nuclear Astrophysics, with reactions such as (, '), (, n), and (, ), along with Low-energy QCD, with studies on Compton scattering and Photo-Pion production.
Laboratory for Experimental Nuclear Astrophysics
The two accelerators housed at LENA combine to cover the entire range of energy values up to 1 MeV and produce beams that are both stable and intense. The lab focuses on light ion beams with high current that are optimized for applications to nuclear astrophysics. Research topics at LENA include the nuclear reactions that drive astrophysical processes such as Stellar evolution, Novae, and X-ray bursts.
Education
Education in nuclear physics is provided at both a graduate and undergraduate level to students at the Triangle Universities Nuclear Laboratory. TUNL draws around 40 graduate students from the three founding universities. Graduates find employment in diverse settings, including faculty positions, industry positions, and positions at government research facilities and the National Laboratories. Graduates from George A. Keyworth II and John H. Gibbons served as presidential science advisers to presidents Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton respectively.
One component of undergraduate education provided by TUNL is the TUNL/Duke Research Experiences for Undergraduates, a ten-week program funded by the National Science Foundation offered during the summer with locations on TUNL's campus as well as a limited number of positions at CERN. Undergraduates from the three founding universities as well as other associated universities conduct research with faculty members throughout the year.
References
Duke University campus
Institutes associated with CERN
Jean Duncan (1933–2 October 2018) was a British artist known as a painter, printmaker and video artist. Although born in Scotland, Duncan's career was largely based in Northern Ireland.
Biography
Duncan was born in Edinburgh and, from 1951 to 1955, studied at the Edinburgh College of Art and then spent a year at the Moray House School of Education. Duncan settled in Belfast and, in 1980, took a post-graduate diploma in printmaking at the Ulster Polytechnic and then co-founded the Seacourt Print Workshop based in Bangor, County Down. Duncan was elected a member of the Royal Ulster Academy in 1994 and was a member of the Artists' Association of Ireland. She had a number of solo exhibitions and gallery shows throughout her career. In 1986 her exhibition Sense and Symbols was held at the Octagon Gallery in Belfast, a solo show was held at One Oxford Street, Belfast in 1993 and her series of etchings inspired by John Tavener's The Protecting Veil was exhibited at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester during 1993. Duncan also worked with the composers Piers Hellawell and Deirdre McKay to produce images inspired by their music, for exhibitions or to accompany their musical performances. Internationally, Duncan participated in the 2001 International Biennial in Portugal and the 2005 Tokyo International mini-print Triennial. Dundee Contemporary Arts, University College Dublin and the Arts Council of Northern Ireland hold examples of her work.
References
External links
1933 births
2018 deaths
20th-century British printmakers
20th-century Scottish women artists
Alumni of the Edinburgh College of Art
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of Ulster University
Artists from Edinburgh
Women printmakers
Jackson-Aitken Farm is a historic farm house, dairy barn and farm fields located at the Andes in Delaware County, New York, United States. The farmhouse was built about 1850 and is a one and one half wood-frame structure in a vernacular Greek Revival style. The barn is a large three story wooden building with a cross gabled banked entrance built in 1896. It features a distinctive cupola.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, New York
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
Houses completed in 1853
Houses in Delaware County, New York
Bunge Corporation v Tradax Export SA is an English contract law case, concerning the right to terminate performance of a contract.
Facts
Bunge Corp sued Tradax SA for wrongful termination of its agreement to supply Bunge with 5,000 tons of soya bean meal on the basis that giving notice four days late for loading the ship was not so bad. The soya bean meal was going on three shipments from a port in the Gulf of Mexico nominated by Tradax and on a ship nominated by Bunge. One of the shipments was to be during June 1975. Clause 7 said Bunge was to ‘give at least 15 days consecutive notice' of the readiness of the ship for loading (i.e. which at the time mean 13 June). Bunge gave notice on 17 June. Tradax argued this was a breach and purported to terminate and recover damages for the difference between the contract price and the market price (which had just fallen).
Judgment
The House of Lords held that proper construction of the contract meant clause 7 was a condition, so Tradax had been entitled to terminate. The contract had to be construed to give effect to the parties' intentions, and although because it allows the right to terminate one would not quickly hold that in mercantile contracts agreements contained conditions, this one did. Lord Wilberforce said the following.
Lord Scarman and Lord Roskill concurred.
See also
English contract law
References
English contract case law
1981 in case law
1981 in British law
House of Lords cases
Lord Wilberforce cases
The Moment of Eclipse is a 1970 collection of science fiction short stories written by Brian Aldiss between 1965 and 1970. It was originally published by Faber & Faber. In 1972, the collection, in its entirety, received the first BSFA Award for short fiction published in 1970-71.
Contents
Poem at a Lunar Eclipse (poem by Thomas Hardy)
The Moment of Eclipse (1969)
The Day We Embarked for Cythera . . . (1970)
Orgy of the Living and the Dying (1970)
Super-Toys Last All Summer Long (1969)
The Village Swindler (1968)
Down the Up Escalation (1967)
That Uncomfortable Pause Between Life and Art . . . (1969)
Confluence (1967)
Heresies of the Huge God (1966)
The Circulation of the Blood . . . (1966)
. . . And the Stagnation of the Heart (1968)
The Worm That Flies (1968)
Working in the Spaceship Yards (1969)
Swastika! (1968)
Acknowledgements (1969)
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
The Moment of Eclipse on Brian Aldiss's official site
Science fiction short story collections
1970 short story collections
Faber and Faber books
British short story collections
Vesna Despotović (born 18 April 1961) is a Serbian basketball coach and former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Yugoslav women's basketball players
Serbian women's basketball players
Sportspeople from Kragujevac
Serbian women's basketball coaches
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Centers (basketball)
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Philip Rapp (March 26, 1907 – January 23, 1996) was a film and television director and screenwriter. He wrote for Eddie Cantor and, for a brief period, wrote film scripts for Danny Kaye. Rapp is perhaps best known as the creator of Baby Snooks and The Bickersons. He died on January 23, 1996 in Beverly Hills, California.
Rapp was a writer, director, and producer, and he directed a popular long-running radio series called The Batting Bickersons. He also introduced the Baby Snooks character for Fanny Brice of the Ziegfeld Follies.
Topper (1953) is also directed by Rapp.
Selected filmography
Director
Star Time (1950–1951)
Topper (1 episode, 1954)
The Adventures of Hiram Holliday (8 episodes, 1956–1959)
Producer
The Adventures of Hiram Holliday (9 episodes, 1956–1959)
Writer
Strike Me Pink (1936)
Start Cheering (1938)
Wonder Man (1945)
Ziegfeld Follies (1946)
The Inspector General (1949)
Topper (19 episodes, 1954–1955)
The Adventures of Hiram Holliday (8 episodes, 1956–1959)
Wild and Wonderful (1964)
My Favorite Martian (1 episode, 1965)
References
External links
1907 births
1996 deaths
American male screenwriters
American television directors
American television producers
Place of birth unknown
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Basque Venezuelans are citizens of Venezuela who are of Basque ancestry.
History
Conquerors and settlers
Juan Pérez de Tolosa, judge of residence for the zone of Venezuela and Cabo de la Vela, arrived in 1546 and restored the order in the cities of Coro and El Tocuyo. His brother Alonso recognized what would be Trujillo. We should point out the first Simon Bolivar, from Zenarruza, royal clerk and secretary of the Real Audiencia of Santo Domingo, who from Santo Domingo passed, in 1589, to Caracas as the first perpetual regidor and procurator general. He was responsible for the creation of schools of first letters and a seminary of grammar directed by Juan de Arteaga and Simón de Basauri (1591). Captain Antonio de Berrio, a pearl seeker in Guayana, goes down the rivers to the Orinoco where he founds San Jose de Oruña (1592) and Santo Tomás de Guayana (1593, later Angostura). A further mention deserves the new adventure of El Dorado (1561) with Lope de Aguirre and Pedro de Ursúa as protagonists and Barquisimeto as the end point of it. Already in the c. XVII, ranch owners, such as Francisco de Arrieta, Pedro Hernández de Galarza and Antonio Arraez de Mendoza in the Bobures Valley, Juan Félix de Arrúa in the Chama valley, etc. Among the governors and members of the Caracas chapter, Basque's surnames such as Alquiza, Hernani, Oñate, Aguirre, Hoz de Berrio, Ybarra, Bolívar, Lezama, Arguinzoniz, Zabala, Arechederra, Mendoza, Arteaga, Múxica and Butrón, Villela, Echeverria, Landaeta, Guevara, Zuazo, Arraez, Ochoa, Bera settled on the city. In Barinas, the Ochagavía, in Barquisimeto the Ansola, in Mérida the Uzcategui, etc. In the fight against the Dutch pirates of the first third of the century, Navarre Lope Díaz de Armendáriz (Marquis of Cadreita), Admiral Manuel de Redín and his brother, Captain Tiburcio Redín, who in 1637 entered Capuchin and died in 1651 in La Guaira.
Capuchin missionaries
They were part of the white population penetration, for which they learned the aboriginal languages. In 1672 Francisco de Puente la Reina and 10 other friars, passed to Cumaná where they resided during 40 years. This Navarrese founded the Conversion of the Christian Doctrine for the Chaima Indians. Francisco Javier de Alfaro (Manuel Frías) moved from the convent of Los Arcos to Maracaibo; wrote a catechism for each group of native coianos, chaques and anatomists. Nicolás de Renteria missioned in Los Llanos in 1663. Antonio de Idiazabal arrived in Venezuela in 1672 and died, ill, in Cumaná.
Real Compañía Guipuzcoana de Caracas
It was the most important mercantile company of its time (1728-1785); Its objective to displace the Dutch from the Venezuelan cocoa trade (also tobacco and hides). The royal permit authorized the Guipuzcoans to bring it in exchange for carrying their own merchandise from Pasaia and Cadiz and to pay a canon to the monopolistic port of Cadiz. The main factor in Caracas was Pedro de Olavarriaga. Factories were opened in La Guaira, Caracas, Puerto Cabello, San Felipe, Maracaibo, Cumaná and Guayana. Not only did he carry goods from Gipuzkoa, but also supplies and troops and enabled his own ships to defend Venezuela from the English attacks, a war in which Blas de Lezo was distinguished. It was due to the colonization of Cumana and several fishing trials. The free trade declaration of 1778 and the English harassment determined its closure. The Basques established in Venezuela continued colonization mainly in the valleys of Aragua, in the plains of Cojedes, Portuguesa, Orinoco and coasts of Caracas. They introduced, among other things, the indigo of dye, the cotton and the sugar cane. The link with Pasaia-San Sebastián remained until the end of the century.
Second wave of Basque immigration
In 1939 as a result of the Spanish Civil War, begins the arrival at Venezuelan ports of what is considered the largest migration of Basques to Venezuela since the colony. With the support of the Basque Government in exile, the Venezuelan Government of General Eleazar López Contreras and with the approval of a large number of Venezuelan intellectuals such as Arturo Uslar Pietri and Antonio Arraíz, on June 24 of the same year, 82 Basques addressed the Transatlantic "Cuba" in the French port of Le Havre departing for Venezuela under the notes of the Txistu de Segundo de Atxurra who interprets the Agur Jaunak, many of them said goodbye to their land to not see it again. The arrival of this first contingent was an event in the Caracas of the time and the local press echoed the same dedicating some reviews, in the same it is mentioned that on Sunday July 6, 1939 after hearing Mass in the Church of Santa Rosalía in the city of Caracas, the group accompanied by Arturo Uslar Pietri and Simón Gonzalo Salas make a wreath to the remains of the Liberator Simon Bolivar in the National Pantheon, singing the Agur Jaunak, the National Anthem of Venezuela and the Eusko Abendaren Ereserkia, creating this last great controversy since some media criticized this, erroneously, for having been interpreted communist hymns in the national pantheon, a situation that was not taken into account by the Venezuelan Government. To this first contingent others occurred almost consecutively and with a larger number of people.
Caracas Basque Center
On March 3, 1950, the Basque Center of Caracas was inaugurated with the presence of the Lehendakari José Antonio Aguirre and the Basque delegate in New York, Jesús de Galíndez, where they keep alive the legacies and customs of the exiles and publish Caracas'ko Eusko Etxea.
At present it is the most populous Basque Center (600 families, predominantly Vizcainos and Alaveses) and one of the most important in the world. Built in the neighborhood of El Paraíso.
Euzko Gaztedi and the extraterritorial press
EG was created in 1948 in the heart of the Centro Vasco de Caracas (Basque Center of Caracas) with the purpose of grouping the youth and promoting cultural and social activities. Its presidents were: Martín Ugalde, Sabin Zenarruzabeitia, Jon Urrezti, Iñaki Elguezabal, Jon Aretxabaleta, Jesus Dolara, Joseba Leizaola, Rosario Amestoy, Iñaki Aretxabaleta, Joseba Bilbao, Joseba Iturralde, Txomin Bizkarret, Bilgen Amézaga, Iñaki Anasagasti, Jesús Azpiritxaga, Iñaki Goikoetxea, Xabier Azpiritxaga, Adolfo Urrutia and Ander Amenabar. From the work of this group invigorated by Jokin Intza emerges Euzko Gaztedi of the Basque Interior-Resistance (EGI), dependent of the PNV, that clandestinely introduced the magazine "Gudari" in Overseas between 1960-1974 and published important titles (Steer, Landáburu, Azpiazu, Aguirre, Leizaola, Abrisketa, etc.). Some of its members and the new refugees of the 60 establish a group related to ETA. The Basque-Venezuelan impulse to the Basque press in America, France and underground was very important with about 30 different modalities among which the magazine "Noticentro" of the Caracas Basque Center.
Notable people
Fernando Amorebieta, professional footballer who plays for Independiente as a central defender.
José Antonio Anzoátegui, Brigadier General in the Battle of Boyacá, helping to lead a republican army of Colombians and Venezuelans against Spanish royalist forces during the Venezuelan War of Independence.
Fernando Aristeguieta, professional footballer who plays for Caracas as a striker.
Goizeder Azúa, TV Host, anchorwoman, model, journalist, and beauty queen who won Miss International 2003.
Doris Benegas, political lawyer specialising in criminal law, particularly causes related to women and left-wing politics.
José María Benegas, politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
Simón Bolívar, military and political leader who played a leading role in the establishment of Venezuela, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Panama as sovereign states, independent of Spanish rule.
Xabier Elorriaga, contemporary film and TV actor, writer and director.
José Esparza, virologist.
Unai Etxebarria, retired road racing cyclist. He rode for his entire career, from 1996 until 2007.
Yon Goicoechea, lawyer.
Francisco de Guruceaga Iturriza, religious, Bishop of La Guaira
Boris Izaguirre, screenwriter, journalist, writer, TV host and showman.
Wolfgang Larrazábal, naval officer and politician. He served as President of Venezuela following the overthrow of Marcos Pérez Jiménez on 23 January 1958.
Leopoldo López, politician and political prisoner.
Narciso López, adventurer and soldier, best known for an expedition aimed at liberating Cuba from Spain in the 1850s. His troops carried a flag that López had designed, which later became the flag of modern Cuba.
Cristobal Mendoza, First President of Venezuela.
Eduardo Mendoza Goiticoa, scientific researcher and agricultural engineer.
Garbiñe Muguruza, professional tennis player who represents Spain in tennis competitions and turned professional in 2012. She won the French Open in 2015 and Wimbledon in 2017
Rafael Urdaneta, militar, last president og Gran Colombia
José Uzcátegui, boxer who competes in the Super Middleweight division.
Ramón José Velásquez, historian, journalist, lawyer and former President of Venezuela between 1993 and 1994.
Mikel Villanueva, footballer who plays for Spanish club Málaga CF as a central defender.
Oswaldo Vizcarrondo, professional footballer who plays as a centre back.
Stephanie de Zorzi, model and beauty pageant titleholder
See also
Immigration to Venezuela
Venezuelans of European descent
Spanish Venezuelan
French Venezuelan
References
External links
Presencia Vasca en Venezuela
Se cumplen 70 años de la migración que dio origen a la actual comunidad vasca organizada de Venezuela
VASCO Y VENEZOLANO EN IGUAL PROPORCIÓN
Caracasko Gipuzkoar Errege Konpainia
The Compañía Guipuzcoana de Caracas and the Basques in Venezuela during the XVIII century
El Elemento Vasco En El Siglo XVIII Venezolano
Centro Vasco de Caracas
Venezuelan
European Venezuelan
Spanish Venezuelan
French Venezuelan
Immigration to Venezuela
Hattler is a surname and may refer to:
Christina Hattler, American fashion designer
Hellmut Hattler (born 1952), German jazz and bass player
Max Hattler, German video artist and experimental filmmaker
Tamaing is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
Potok-Stany Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Potok-Stany Kolonia
F.A.R is the fourth mini album by J-pop singer-songwriter Marie Ueda. It was released on February 20, 2019 under the Giza Studio label.
Promotion
The album was released in two editions, regular CD and limited CD+DVD. DVD consists of live footage Tatta Hitotsu no One-man Live Vol.3: Good-bye Stereotype with 12 tracks and documentary. This is Ueda's first album work since 2016 and first mini-album since 2012. The promotional and lead single, "Far", was released on January 16, 2019.
Previously released recording CD Revolver is as of now unreleased in album recordings. Wasurena ni Kuchizuke and commercial song Nagai Yoru was published in mini album W.A.H.
Ichigo no Mi was originally produced during Marie's indies times and received a recording version for the first time.
Softly is a song dedicated to Marie can Lala, where in lyrics Marie describes her precious time she spends with Lala. On 28 July, was uploaded on YouTube channel Home Labo commercial video to promote new campaign Ie Tsukuri-Utau Tsukuri by using album track Softly.
The concept of the album is "the growth in adulthood" with intersects of nostalgia and anxiety.
Commercial performance
The album reached #26 on the Oricon Daily Album Charts. On Oricon Weekly Album Charts reached #47 rank.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the Official Website.
Marie Ueda - vocals, songwriting
Akihito Tokunaga - arrange, bass, keyboards, chorus, programming
Daisuke Ikeda - strings arrange
Keisuke Kurumatani (Sensation) - drums
Seiichiro Iwai (formerly of U-ka Saegusa in dB) - guitar
Hiroshi Asai - bass, arrange
U-zo Ohkusu - keyboard, arrange
References
External links
Special website for mini album F.A.R
2019 albums
Being Inc. albums
Giza Studio albums
Japanese-language albums
FC Einheit Rudolstadt is a German football club from Rudolstadt in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, Thuringia. The ground of the club is called Städtisches Stadion im Heinepark. Currently they play their second season in the NOFV-Oberliga Süd.
Club history
FC Einheit Rudolstadt was founded on 11 November 1950 as BSG Einheit Rudolstadt. In 1957, Rudolstadt, together with Stahl Silbitz and Chemie Elsterberg, succeeded in promotion to the II. DDR-Liga. The then third highest division of the GDR proved to be too strong for the East Thuringians, so after only one season Einheit and Motor Gotha were relegated back to the Bezirksliga.
In the Bezirksliga, Einheit acted solely at the local level in the Gera district and was used for the training of young players of FC Carl Zeiss Jena. Between rises and drops from and to the Bezirksklasse in the next decades, Einheit regained its resurgence in the Bezirksliga Gera. Its progress was stalled by city rivals Chemie Schwarza who repeatedly managed to rise up to the DDR-Liga.
After German reunification in 1990 Einheit merged with the football section of Chemie Schwarza and was renamed FC Rudolstadt/Schwarza. In 1996 the two clubs de-merged, with Rudolstadt regaining the old name Einheit Rudolstadt and Schwarza rejoining SV Schwarza.
In 2012 Einheit finished 3rd in the Thüringenliga but was promoted to the NOFV-Oberliga Süd as 2nd placed Eintracht Sondershausen waived its promotion right.
First team squad 2014/15
Coaching staff
Head coach: Holger Jähnisch
Assistants: Thomas Rothe, Michael Schoke, René Just, Jörg Schneider
References
External links
Official website
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv Historical German football league tables
Rudolstadt Einheit
Football clubs in East Germany
Football clubs in Thuringia
Association football clubs established in 1950
1950 establishments in East Germany
Rudolstadt
Sport in Thuringia
Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Johan Henrich Poulson was a Danish violinist. He was a student of Giovanni Battista Viotti. He relocated to Bergen, Norway in 1799, and stayed there until 1826. While in Bergen, he became Ole Bull's first teacher, was active as a recitalist, and also served as concertmaster for Musikselskabet Harmonien (which later became the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra).
Danish classical violinists
Male classical violinists
19th-century Danish people
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Larco is an Italian surname.
US Immigration
Between 1860 and 1948, most immigrants named Larco came from Peru, France, and Italy. Many of them sailed across the Atlantic Ocean on the Santa Elisa. Most Larco immigrants to the U.S. arrived in 1929 with New York City being the most popular arrival destination with records of 110 immigrants.
Distribution
Based on the 2002 United States White Pages, the Larco surname is ranked 113,592 out of 1,778,655 total unique surnames.
People with the surname
Rafael Larco Hoyle (b. 1901), Peruvian Archaeologist
Guillermo Larco Cox (b. 1932), Peruvian Civil Engineer and Politician
Luis T. Larco, Peruvian Politician
Michael Angelo Larco (b. 1977), Violist with Los Angeles Philharmonic
Places
Larco Museum, also known as Museo Larco. Peruvian museum of pre-Columbian civilizations in Lima
References
The Larco Name in History, Ancestry.com, June 23, 2007
Surnames
Clousta is a hamlet on Mainaland, in the island's west, Shetland, Scotland. Approximately seventy people live here, many of whom are commuters, but local industries include mussel farming, and crofting. Clousta is in the parish of Sandsting.
References
External links
Canmore - Clousta House site record
Villages in Mainland, Shetland
Reach for the Sky is a 1956 British biographical film about aviator Douglas Bader, based on the 1954 biography of the same name by Paul Brickhill. The film stars Kenneth More and was directed by Lewis Gilbert. It won the BAFTA Award for Best British Film of 1956. The film's composer John Addison was Bader's brother-in-law.
Plot
In 1928, Douglas Bader joins the Royal Air Force (RAF) as a Flight Cadet. Despite a friendly reprimand from Air Vice-Marshal Halahan for his disregard for service discipline and flight rules, he successfully completes his training and is posted to No. 23 Squadron at RAF Kenley. In 1930, he is chosen to be among the pilots for an aerial exhibition.
Later, although his flight commander has explicitly banned low level aerobatics (as two pilots have been killed trying just that), he is goaded into it by a disparaging remark by a civilian pilot. His plane crashes.
Mr Joyce, surgeon at the Royal Berkshire Hospital, has to amputate both legs to save Bader's life. During his convalescence, he receives encouragement from Nurse Brace. Upon his discharge from the hospital, he sets out to master prosthetic legs. At a stop for some tea, he meets waitress Thelma Edwards. Once he can walk on his own, he asks her out.
Despite his undiminished skills, he is refused flying duties simply because there are no regulations covering his situation. Offered a desk job instead, he leaves the RAF and works unhappily in an office. He and Thelma marry.
As the Second World War starts, Bader talks himself back into the RAF. He is soon given command of a squadron comprising mostly dispirited Canadians who had fought in France. Improving morale and brazenly circumventing normal channels to obtain badly needed equipment, he makes the squadron operational again. They fight effectively in the Battle of Britain. Bader is then put in charge of a new, larger formation of five squadrons. Later, he is posted to RAF Tangmere and promoted to wing commander.
In 1941, Bader has to bail out over France. He is caught, escapes, and is recaptured. He then makes such a nuisance of himself to his jailers, he is repeatedly moved from one POW camp to another, finally ending up in Colditz Castle. He is liberated after four years of captivity. The war ends (much to Thelma's relief) before Bader can have "one last fling" in the Far East.
On 15 September 1945, the fifth anniversary of the greatest day of the Battle of Britain, Bader, now a group captain, is given the honour of leading eleven other battle survivors and a total of 300 aircraft in a flypast over London.
Cast
Credited
Kenneth More than Flight Cadet (later Group Captain) Douglas Bader
Muriel Pavlow as Thelma Edwards (later Bader)
Lyndon Brook as Flight Cadet (later Wing Commander) Johnny Sanderson
Lee Patterson as Flying Officer (later Group Captain) Stan Turner
Alexander Knox as Mr J. Leonard Joyce, surgeon at Royal Berkshire Hospital
Dorothy Alison as Nurse Brace, Royal Berkshire Hospital
Michael Warre as Flight Lieutenant (later Group Captain) Harry Day
Sydney Tafler as Robert Desoutter, prosthetics expert
Howard Marion-Crawford as Wing Commander (later Group Captain) Alfred "Woody" Woodhall
Jack Watling as Peel
Nigel Green as Streatfield
Anne Leon as Sister Thornhill
Charles Carson as Air Chief Marshal Sir Hugh Dowding
Ronald Adam as Air Vice-Marshal (later Air Chief Marshal Sir) Trafford Leigh-Mallory
Walter Hudd as Air Vice-Marshal Frederick Halahan
Basil Appleby as Flying Officer (later Air Marshal Sir) Denis Crowley-Milling
Philip Stainton as Police Constable
Eddie Byrne as Flight Sergeant Mills, RAF Cranwell instructor
Beverley Brooks as Sally, Bader's girlfriend
Michael Ripper as Warrant Officer West, 242 Squadron crew chief
Derek Blomfield as Civilian Pilot at Reading Aero Club
Avice Landone as Douglas Bader's Mother
Eric Pohlmann as Adjutant at Prison Camp
Michael Gough as Flying Officer W. J. "Pissy" Pearson, RAF Cranwell flying instructor
Harry Locke as Bates, Bader's batman
Sam Kydd as Warrant Officer Blake, Air Ministry medical clerk
Uncredited
Frank Atkinson as Tullin, Desoutter's assistant
Balbina as Lucille Debacker, nurse at St Omer hospital
Michael Balfour as Orderly
Trevor Bannister as Man Listening to Radio
Victor Beaumont as German Doctor at St Omer hospital
Peter Burton as Peter, officer at RAF Coltishall
Peter Byrne as Civilian Pilot at Reading Aero Club
Paul Carpenter as Hall, 242 Squadrons
Hugh David as Flight Cadet Taylor, RAF Cranwell
Stringer Davis as Cyril Borge
Guy du Monceau as Gilbert Petit, French Resistance
Anton Diffring as German Stabsfeldwebel in French Village
Basil Dignam as Air Ministry Doctor
Raymond Francis as Wing Commander Hargreaves
Alice Gachet as Madame Hiecque, French Resistance
Philip Gilbert as Canadian Pilot with 242 Squadrons
Fred Griffiths as Lorry Driver
Alexander Harris as Don Richardson
Charles Lamb as Walker, Desoutter's assistant
Jack Lambert as Adrian Stoop
Barry Letts as Tommy
Richard Marner as German Officer in Staff Car
Roger Maxwell as Man at the Pantiles
Rene Poirier as Monsieur Hiecque, French Resistance
Clive Revill as RAF Medical Orderly at RAF Uxbridge
George Rose as Squadron Leader Edwards, staff officer, Fighter Command
John Stone as Limping Officer
Jack Taylor as British Pilot with 242 Squadrons
Russell Waters as Pearson
Ernest Clark as Wing Commander W. K. Beiseigel
Gareth Wigan as Woodhall's Assistant
Aircraft
Production
To depict the various Royal Air Force bases realistically, principal filming took place in Surrey at RAF Kenley, and around the town of Caterham. The cricket match was filmed at nearby Whyteleafe recreation ground. Studio work was completed at Pinewood Studios. Available wartime combat aircraft including Hawker Hurricane and Supermarine Spitfire fighters were arranged to take on the aerial scenes.
Richard Burton was the first choice for the lead but he dropped out when he was offered the lead in Alexander the Great at what Gilbert describes as "three or four times the salary".
Kenneth More was cast instead at a fee of £25,000. Producer Daniel Angel recalled:
My wife said to me, 'Kenneth More is Douglas Bader.' And so he was! He was a good actor, but, looking back, I don't think he was all that versatile and he wasn't physically a very attractive man. He couldn't play love scenes. He was more of a playboy type. He was Douglas Bader! Bader wasn't a technical adviser but I suppose Kenny More modelled himself physically on Bader.
More arranged to meet Bader to prepare for the role. They played a round of golf; much to More's surprise (as he was a good golfer), Bader beat him decisively.
Lewis Gilbert said Douglas Bader was difficult to deal with.
When he read the script he said I had made a terrible hash of it because I'd cut out a lot of his friends. I pointed out that the book contained hundreds of names and I had to cut it down or else the film would run for three days. He said, 'That's your problem. If you don't get my friends in, I won't double for the film,' because he was going to double for Kenneth More in long shots. I explained to him that that wouldn't stop the film being made; I said that we would undoubtedly find someone with a disability similar to his - which he did. In fact a number of his friends had helped me with the script, although we didn't tell Douglas that. Douglas wasn't in the film at all.
Angel later said that his favourite part of the film was when Bader was trying to learn how to walk again in hospital. "I've been in hospital myself, on and off since the war, and I'd seen a lot of that sort of thing," he later said. "It was a very touching performance from Dorothy Alison, who seemed to sum up so much in a few moments." Alison received a BAFTA nomination for Best British Actress.
The film's composer John Addison was Bader's brother-in-law.
Reception
The film fared well with the public, being the most popular film in the UK for 1956. When the film was released in North America in 1957, the American release version was slightly altered with 12 minutes edited out. The Rank Organisation, the film's distributor, made a concerted effort to ensure the film was successful in America, sending Kenneth More over to do a press tour, and setting up Rank's own distribution arm in North America, but the public was not enthusiastic.
Because Bader had fallen out with Brickhill over the split of royalties from the book, he refused to attend the premiere, and only saw the film for the first time eleven years later, on television.
When the film was released, people associated Bader with the quiet and amiable personality of actor More. Bader recognised that the producers had deleted all those habits he displayed when on operations, particularly his prolific use of bad language. Bader once said, "[they] still think [I'm] the dashing chap Kenneth More was."
It won the BAFTA Award for Best British Film of 1956.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Bader, Douglas. Fight for the Sky: The Story of the Spitfire and Hurricane. Ipswich, Suffolk, UK: W.S. Cowell Ltd., 2004. .
Brickhill, Paul. Reach for the Sky: The Story of Douglas Bader DSO, DFC. London: Odhams Press Ltd., 1954. .
Dando-Collins, Stephen. The Hero Maker: A Biography of Paul Brickhill. Sydney, Penguin Random House, 2016. .
Dolan, Edward F. Jr. Hollywood Goes to War. London: Bison Books, 1985. .
Hardwick, Jack and Ed Schnepf. "A Buff's Guide to Aviation Movies". Air Progress Aviation Vol. 7, No. 1, Spring 1983.
McFarlane, Brian. An Autobiography of British Cinema. London: Methuen, 1997. .
Mackenzie, S.P. Bader's War. London: Spellmount Publishers, 2008. .
More, Kenneth. More or Less. London: Hodder & Staughton, 1978. .
External links
Original Vintage Quad Poster for Reach for the Sky at Picture Palace Movie Posters
1956 films
1950s war films
1950s biographical drama films
British war drama films
British biographical drama films
British aviation films
Battle of Britain films
Films about shot-down aviators
Films based on non-fiction books
Films based on works by Paul Brickhill
Royal Air Force mass media
World War II films based on actual events
World War II prisoner of war films
Films set in the 1920s
Films set in the 1930s
Films set in England
Best British Film BAFTA Award winners
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
Films directed by Lewis Gilbert
Films about amputees
Films scored by John Addison
1956 drama films
1957 drama films
British black-and-white films
Biographical films about aviators
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
Higher Power is a term used in the Alcoholics Anonymous and other twelve-step programs.
Higher Power may also refer to:
Music
Higher Power (band), a British hardcore punk band
Higher Power (Big Audio Dynamite album), 1994
Higher Power (The Dirty Nil album), 2016
"Higher Power" (song), by Coldplay, 2021
"Higher Power" (Anna Bergendahl song), 2022
"Higher Power", a song by Boston from The Greatest Hits, 1997
Other uses
Higher Power (film), a 2018 American science fiction film
"Higher Power" (seaQuest DSV), a television episode
"A Higher Power" (Criminal Minds), a television episode
Higher Power, a wrestling name used in the WWE by Vince McMahon
See also
Deity
God
Conceptions of God
Exponentiation, the use of lower and higher "powers" in mathematics
Mackie's of Scotland is a Scottish ice cream and confectionery manufacturer based in Rothienorman, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It was founded in 1912 as a dairy farm but diversified into the manufacture of ice cream in 1986, before selling the milk retail business to Robert Wiseman during 1997. In 2009 a partnership was formed with a Tayside potato farming family, the Taylors, to produce crisps, marketed under the name of Mackie's at Taypack. In 2022, the Taylor family purchased Mackie's shares in the crisp business. The manufacture of chocolate on the Mackie farm in Aberdeenshire began in 2014. Mackie's of Scotland is a real living wage employer.
Ice cream
Mackie's of Scotland makes all of its ice cream on the family farm in Aberdeenshire using fresh, whole milk. The farm holds 330 cows and produces over 10 million litres of ice cream a year. A range of flavours are available in the Classic range, including: Traditional, Honeycomb, Chocolate, Organic and Raspberry Ripple. In the Indulgent range are: Salted Caramel, Madagascan Vanilla and Chocolate Orange & Honeycomb. Mackie's first began ice cream production in 1986.
Mackie's of Scotland is best known for its Traditional flavour ice cream, which is Scotland's best selling ice cream.
Chocolate
Mackie's of Scotland has been manufacturing chocolate on the farm since 2014, producing five flavours inspired by the flavours of its ice cream range: Traditional, Honeycomb, Orange, Dark and Mint.
Renewable energy initiatives
Mackie's of Scotland was an early adopter of renewable energy, installing its first 850kW turbine in 2005, having first trialled the idea with a smaller grid-connected turbine as far back as 1983. The firm produces more than twice as much energy as it uses, feeding the excess energy back to the UK grid. The farm's main source of renewable energy is wind, with four wind turbines producing a total capacity of 3 MW. Annually, the wind turbines generate 8570 MWh on average, which is roughly equivalent to the amount of energy required to power over 2000 UK homes.
The farm also boasts a 10-acre site of solar panels with a capacity of 1.8 MW, a smaller array of solar panels on the byre roof and a biomass plant which produces a further 400 kW of heating power for the farm's office and houses. The solar panels help to complement the wind energy harvested by the farm, particularly in the sunnier summer months of the year when it is less windy.
Between 2021 and 2022, Mackie's of Scotland has installed a low-carbon refrigeration system which uses the heat from a biomass boiler to be help freeze the ice cream made on site. The new system will use biomass heat and ammonia, a natural refrigerant gas with no climate warming threat to cool the ice cream.
Ice cream parlour
In 2017, the company opened its first ice cream parlour, Mackies 19.2, in Marischal Square, Aberdeen. The parlour is named for its being located 19.2 miles from the family farm.
References
External links
Company website
Chocolate website
Crisps website
Food manufacturers of Scotland
Food and drink companies of Scotland
Food and drink companies established in 1912
1912 establishments in Scotland
Karmachakra: Episode Zero, also referred to simply as Karmachakra (), is an anime-influenced original mystery drama Indian animated film produced by Studio Durga. Billed as the first independent Indian anime production, the project was first announced in 2017. Production was completed in 2020. Karmachakra: Episode Zero is planned to be the first of a series of three Karmachakra films.
A 20-minute pilot was released on YouTube in February 2020.
Plot
A young orphan girl tries to find her dead parents
Cast
Swastika Mukherjee as Ganga
Sabyasachi Chakrabarty as Dr. Roy
Tanusree Shankar as Mita Di
Mir Afsar Ali as Arka
Santu Mukherjee as Professor Sid
Anik Dutta as Ghoshal
Parno Mittra as Meghna
Swaroopa Ghosh as Madhavi
Alaknanda Roy as Mrs. Roy
Shaantilal Mukherjee as Gautam
Barun Chanda as Gomes
Shamik Sinha as Ronnie
Rajorshi Basu as Rick
Release
There were some official confirmation that it may release in 2021, but now it looks like there could be a delay.
See also
The Glassworker
References
External links
Official website
Anime-influenced animation
India-centric
Anime in India
Indian animated films
Indian mystery drama films
Bengali-language Indian films
Hindi-language drama films
Iron Springs, originally Cedar Springs, was a spring in the bed of Iron Springs Creek in what is now Iron County, Utah. The creek originally drained the western side of Cedar Valley before it was settled. Cedar Springs was located in the gap where the creek passed between the mountains of The Three Peaks and Granite Mountain. Cedar Springs was a camp for early travelers on the Mormon Road, after they had made the arduous passage from Johnson's Springs across the marshy and wooded Coal Creek. It was difficult to cross with wagons at that point in Cedar Valley. The road crossed Coal Creek midway across the valley between Johnson Springs and Cedar Springs. The travelers guide, Mormon Waybill described Cedar Spring "... wood plenty food short, Good camp". When Cedar City was established on the upper reach of Coal Creek in 1851, the road was diverted to the easy crossing there and then proceeded across the valley to Iron springs, a longer route but less arduous.
Later a settlement named Iron Springs developed at the springs that had by then had been renamed Iron Springs for iron in the nearby mountains around it in the Iron Mountain District.
References
Springs of Utah
John Thomas Nicholas (26 November 1910 – 14 February 1977) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half.
Career
Born in Derby, Nicholas spent his entire professional career with Derby County, making 347 appearances for them in the Football League between 1928 and 1947. He captained them in the 1946 FA Cup Final.
Nicholas also spent time as Caretaker Manager and Chief Scout at Derby.
References
1910 births
1977 deaths
English footballers
English football managers
Derby County F.C. players
English Football League players
Derby County F.C. managers
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Derby
FA Cup Final players
The first generation of the coupé and convertible range of the BMW 2 Series subcompact executive car consists of the BMW 2 Series (F22) for the coupé version and BMW 2 Series (F23) for the convertible version. The F22/F23 has been in production since November 2013 and is often collectively referred to as the F22.
The F22 was released as the successor to the E82 1 Series coupé and E88 1 Series convertible. It is currently produced in Leipzig, previously alongside the F20 1 Series hatchback range.
The high performance F87 M2 model is produced in the coupe body style. It is powered by the BMW N55 and BMW S55 turbocharged inline-six engines.
The United States is the most popular market for the 2 Series, accounting for one-third of all sales, followed by Germany and Great Britain.
Development and launch
The coupé model premiered at the 2014 North American International Auto Show, with sales beginning in March 2014. The convertible model premiered later in October at the 2014 Paris Motor Show, and launched in February 2015. The exterior design was led by Christopher Weil.
The F22 2 Series has a 50:50 weight distribution and features a MacPherson strut front suspension and a five-link rear suspension. Compared to the E82 1 Series coupé, the F22 2 Series is longer, wider, and lower. The 2 Series also has more front headroom and more rear legroom, and has an additional trunk space at . The 2 Series has a reduced drag coefficient of 0.29 for the 220i Coupé.
Convertible models feature an 20% increase in rigidity compared to the E88 1 Series convertible and feature an electric convertible top that can be raised or lowered in 20 seconds, at speeds up to .
All models meet the Euro 6 exhaust emissions standard.
Body styles
Equipment
Standard equipment includes automatic climate control, iDrive with a 6.5-inch display, and 60:40 split folding rear seats. The 2 Series is available in Sport Line, Modern Line, and M Sport trim. Sport line models feature gloss black exterior trim while Modern line models feature aluminium exterior trim. M Sport models feature a lower suspension, sport seats, and M exterior styling.
218-230 with the M Sport trim and M235-240 models can be fitted with M Performance Parts. These include a splitter, side skirts, lip spoiler and diffuser.
Optional equipment includes automatic parking, traffic sign recognition, a Harman Kardon HiFi system, and Apple CarPlay. Models are also available with iDrive Professional Navigation which features a larger 8.8-inch display with a built-in SIM card with LTE support, allowing for automatic over-the-air updates for live traffic information and on-street parking information.
Models
Petrol engines
Diesel engines
BMW M2
M2 (F87)
In November 2015, BMW unveiled their high performance version of the 2 Series, the M2, with sales beginning in 2016 and only being available as a 2-door coupe. The Competition replaced the standard car in 2018 with the CS being revealed in November 2019 and sales beginning in March 2020, with 2,200 units planned.
M2 (G87)
BMW announced that their new high-performance model of the 2 Series, the BMW G87 M2, would be revealed in October 2022.
Special variants
M235i Track Edition
For 2015 BMW sold the M235i Track Edition as a limited production model in certain markets. In Canada it was limited to 50 units. It came with the same N55B30 engine as the standard M235i, but was equipped with a limited-slip differential, M Performance suspension, and M Performance exhaust, while power seat motors and the sunroof were eliminated to save weight. Other changes included special wheels, carbon mirror caps, a trunk lip spoiler, and a full M Performance aerodynamics package.
Model year changes
2016
The following changes were available from summer 2016:
Engine in 4-cylinder models upgraded to B48B20 2.0 L I4 turbo
Engine in 6-cylinder models upgraded to B58B30O0 3.0 L I6 turbo
iDrive 5.0 system introduced
Wireless charging option available
2017 facelift
The following changes apply to facelift models, which were launched in July 2017:
Exterior designed changes including: updated front fascia with hexagonal LED headlights, updated LED taillights, and new alloy designs and exterior paint options
Interior design changes including: a redesigned dashboard and additional leather and cloth options
2019
All models now feature darkened rear lights from March 2019
225d model discontinued.
Production volumes
The following are production figures for the 2 Series:
BMW does not break down sales between 2 series variants such as the F22, F23, F87, F45, and F46. The F45 and F46 make up the majority of 2 series sales globally.
Awards
2014 Red Dot Good Design Award
2014 and 2015 Sport Auto "Best coupé up to €50,000"
2015 Auto Zeitung Design Award (compact class convertibles)
2015 and 2019 Car and Driver's 10Best
2016 Auto Bild Sportscars "Sports Car of the Year"
2016 Auto motor und sport "Autonis Best New Design" in the compact class
2016 and 2017 Car of the Year Japan "Emotional Car of the Year"
References
External links
Official site
2 Series (F22)
F22
Coupés
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars introduced in 2013
2020s cars
Val Jobara (born June 18, 1980) is a Swedish film, stage and television actor, best known for his role as Nervous in the film Kick-Ass and The Italian in the film Rush, directed by Ron Howard.
Early life
Jobara was born Helsingborg, Sweden. As a teenager he left to pursue his dream and ended up studying photography at Istituto Europeo di Design in Rome, Italy under the great Antonio Barella, only to be kicked out shortly after because lack of discipline "I was young and thought partying was more fun". Shortly after a friend successfully convinced him to be an extra in the film Gangs of New York.
In 2005 he enrolled in a theater-course at Stella Adler Academy of Acting and moved to Los Angeles to study theater.
Career
Upon graduating from the Adler, Jobara made his move to New York where he got cast in the Off-Broadway play Savage in Limbo.
Jobara appeared in the BBC drama The Kane Conspiracy as Agent Wood and Nervous, in Matthew Vaughn and Jane Goldman's film Kick-Ass, based on the superhero comic book of the same name by Mark Millar.
Filmography
Theatre
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
People from Helsingborg
Swedish male film actors
Frederick Bickell Guthrie (10 December 1861 – 7 February 1927) was an Australian agricultural chemist and a president of the Royal Society of New South Wales.
Early life
Guthrie was born in Mauritius, the son of Frederick Guthrie, F.R.S. and Agnes Guthrie, née Bickell. Guthrie was educated at University College, London, and at the University of Marburg under Professor Zincke. He was assistant to the professor of chemistry at Queen's College, Cork, from 1882, and in 1888 became demonstrator in chemistry at the Royal College of Science, London under Sir Thomas Thorpe.
Career in Australia
Guthrie came to Australia in 1890 and in the same year was appointed demonstrator in chemistry at the University of Sydney under Archibald Liversidge. In 1892 he was made chemist to the New South Wales department of agriculture. In this department he did much research in connexion with soil analysis, manures, and the milling qualities of wheat. He was also closely associated with William Farrer and his work on wheat breeding; Guthrie devised methods to test small quantities of grain and assess their quality. For periods in 1896, 1904–1905, and 1908-1909 Guthrie was acting professor of chemistry at the University of Sydney. In 1901 he was president of the chemical section of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science, and in 1913 president of the agricultural section. He was elected president of the Royal Society of New South Wales for 1903 and was one of the joint honorary secretaries from 1906 to 1910. Guthrie was also an original member of the Commonwealth advisory council of science and industry. He retired from the agricultural department of New South Wales in January 1924, and died of cancer at Sydney on 7 February 1927.
Legacy
Guthrie married Ada Adams, who survived him with a daughter. He lost his two sons in World War I. He wrote many papers for scientific societies some of which were published as pamphlets. His work as an economic and agricultural chemist was of widespread benefit to primary production in Australia. The Guthrie medal, named in his honour, is awarded every three years by the Royal Australian Chemical Institute.
References
Additional sources listed by the Australian Dictionary of Biography:
Agricultural Gazette of New South Wales, 6 (1895), p 159, 9 (1898), p 363; Department of Agriculture (New South Wales), Science Bulletin, 1912, no 7, 1914, no 11; Royal Australian Chemical Institute, Proceedings, 40 (1973), p 368; Records of the Australian Academy of Science, 4 (Nov 1978 – Apr 79), no 1, p 7, and for bibliography; Sydney Morning Herald, 20 Apr 1923, 8 Feb 1927; The Bulletin, 10 Feb 1927
External links
1861 births
1927 deaths
Australian chemists
Academics of Queens College Cork
Garrett Timothy Sim (born July 10, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for Élan Béarnais Pau-Orthez for the French Pro A.
College career
Sim came to the University of Oregon from Sunset High School, where he posted 23 points and 9 assists per game as a senior. As a freshman at Oregon, he started 26 games and set his career high of 28 points against Utah. He had confidence issues as a sophomore and started five games. After the season coach Ernie Kent was fired but Sim remained loyal to the program. As a senior, he averaged 12.2 points and 2.5 assists per game.
Professional career
Sim played for Science City Jena in 2013-14 and averaged 20.9 points, 5.7 assists and 1.7 steals per game. Sim joined Crailsheim Merlins in 2014 and averaged 13 points and 4.7 assists per game. In the 2015-16 season he played for Boulogne and averaged 16.9 points, 3.2 rebounds and 6.4 assists per game. In June 2016 he signed for two seasons with JL Bourg of the Pro B. He averaged 13.7 points and 4.4 assists per game in the 2017-18 season. In March 2018 he signed a two-year extension with JL Bourg.
On June 29, 2020, he has signed with Élan Chalon of LNB Pro A. Sim averaged 8.7 points, 2.5 rebounds and 2.7 assists per game. On August 22, 2021, he signed with Sigortam.net İTÜ BB of the Basketball Super League.
On August 24, 2022, he has signed with Élan Béarnais Pau-Orthez for the French Pro A.
The Basketball Tournament
Garrett Sim played for Armored Athlete in the 2018 edition of The Basketball Tournament. In three games, he averaged 5.7 points, .7 assists, and 1.3 rebounds per game. Armored Athlete reached the Super 16 before falling to Boeheim's Army.
References
External links
Twitter handle
1990 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Portland, Oregon
Crailsheim Merlins players
JL Bourg-en-Bresse players
Oregon Ducks men's basketball players
Point guards
Science City Jena players
SOMB Boulogne-sur-Mer players
Sunset High School (Beaverton, Oregon) alumni
The 2nd Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, and film comedy of 2000 and was held in April 2001 at The Guvernment in Toronto, Ontario. The ceremony was hosted by Sheila McCarthy and Patrick McKenna and was televised by The Comedy Network.
Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in 19 categories. Winners were picked by members of ACTRA (Alliance of Canadian Cinema, Television and Radio Artists), the Writers Guild of Canada, the Directors Guild of Canada, and the Comedy Association.
The TV series This Hour Has 22 Minutes led with six nominations followed by Made in Canada with five, and the films Best in Show, New Waterford Girl and Waydowntown with four apiece. The big winners were Best in Show and This Hour Has 22 Minutes which each received three Beavers, followed by The Second City Mainstage which won for best sketch troupe and best improv troupe.
Ceremony
The 2nd Canadian Comedy Awards ceremony was held in April 2001 at The Guvernment in Toronto, Ontario. The ceremony was hosted by Sheila McCarthy and Patrick McKenna.
The awards ceremony was televised by The Comedy Network. The Star! entertainment channel on Rogers cable carried Before the Laughter: The Canadian Comedy Awards Pre-Show.
The 2001 Canadian Comedy Awards show was nominated for a Gemini Award for best writing in a comedy or variety program.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Live
Television
Film
Special Awards
Multiple wins
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple nominations.
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
2000 awards in Canada
New Fereej Al Ghanim (; also referred to as Fereej Al Ghanim Al Jadeed) is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
In the 2015 census it was listed as a district of Zone 55, which has a population of 283,675 and also includes Bu Sidra, Al Aziziya, Al Waab, Fereej Al Soudan, Muaither, Al Mearad, Fereej Al Manaseer, Fereej Al Murra and Al Sailiya.
It borders Al Aziziya to the north and east and Fereej Al Murra to the west.
Transport
Currently, the elevated New Al Ghanim Metro Station is under construction, having been launched during Phase 2C. Once completed, it will be part of Doha Metro's Gold Line.
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
The Bahnhofplatz (Train Station Plaza) is a plaza just outside the Old City of Bern, the medieval city center of Bern, Switzerland. It was built following the destruction of the Christoffelturm which had been part of the third city wall. It is located north of Bubenbergplatz and surrounds the Heiliggeistkirche and Bern's central train station. It is part of the UNESCO Cultural World Heritage Site that encompasses the Old City.
History
Following the destruction of the third city wall and the Christoffelturm in 1830-32, a plaza was opened up between the Burgerspital and Neuengasse. Initially the plaza was known as Kasernenplatz (Barracks Plaza) due to the neighboring cavalry barracks, though the name quickly changed to Spitalplatz (Hospital Plaza) due to the nearby Burgerspital. The plaza was the site of the cabbage market in Bern.
In June 1857, the SCB (, or Swiss Central Train Line) completed a line between Basel and Bern. Then, two years later the Bern-Thun line opened and on 2 July 1860 another line reached Thörishaus, now part of Köniz. While the rail lines were being built, a central train station was built on the northern end of the plaza. During the construction of the new station, the plaza was renamed Bahnhofplatz. On 1 January 1901, the SCB was nationalized and the Bern station went over to the newly formed Swiss Federal Railways.
References
Squares in Bern
Old City (Bern)
Erich Otto Reinhold Arendt (15 April 1903 – 25 September 1984) was a German poet and translator.
Biography
He was born into a working family of a school janitor. In his youth, he changed many professions, he worked as an agricultural worker, a theater set designer, a bank clerk, a journalist and a teacher in an experimental school.
In 1926 he became a member of the German Communist Party and from 1928 he was a member of the Association of Proletarian-Revolutionary Authors.
He published his early poetry in the expressionist literary magazine Der Sturm. He made long trips to Germany, Switzerland, France and Spain.
After the Nazi seizure of power in Germany, Arendt who was a Communist and the husband of a half-Jewish woman, emigrated to Switzerland. From 1933 to 1950 he lived in exile. He participated in the Spanish Civil War and fought as part of the International Brigades. Then in 1940 he emigrated through France to Colombia, where he spent almost ten years in Indian settlements. In 1950 he moved to East Germany. Upon returning, he attempted to join the ruling SED, however this was denied and Arendt was under constant supervision.
He was a member of the Academy of Arts of East Germany.
Erich Arendt died after a stroke. He was buried at the Dorotheenstadt Cemetery in Berlin.
Selected works
Trug doch die Nacht den Albatros. Rütten & Loening, Berlin 1951
Bergwindballade. Gedichte des spanischen Freiheitskampfes. Dietz, Berlin 1952
Über Asche und Zeit... Volk und Welt, Berlin 1957
Gesang der sieben Inseln. Rütten & Loening, Berlin 1957
Flug-Oden., Leipzig 1959
Unter den Hufen des Winds. Ausgewählte Gedichte 1926–1965. Rowohlt, Reinbek 1966
Ägäis. Insel, Leipzig 1967
Aus fünf Jahrzehnten. Auswahl von Heinz Czechowski. Hinstorff, Rostock 1968
Gedichte. Auswahl von Gerhard Wolf. Reclam, Leipzig 1973
Feuerhalm. Insel, Leipzig 1973 (IB 986/1)
Memento und Bild. Insel, Leipzig 1976
Zeitsaum. Insel, Leipzig 1978
Starrend von Zeit und Helle. Gedichte der Ägäis. Reclam, Leipzig 1980
Entgrenzen. Insel, Leipzig 1981
References
1903 births
1984 deaths
German communists
20th-century German poets
20th-century German translators
Communist Party of Germany members
Emigrants from Nazi Germany to Switzerland
Emigrants from Nazi Germany to France
Emigrants from Nazi Germany
International Brigades personnel
German people of the Spanish Civil War
Recipients of the National Prize of East Germany
Recipients of the Patriotic Order of Merit in silver
German Expressionist writers
Wallace Merle "Wally" Byam, (1896-1962) was an American inventor, engineer, developer and entrepreneur most famous as one of the pioneer manufacturers of the travel trailer. He founded the company, Airstream Inc. From the 1930s until his death in 1962, Byam was a leader in developing both a romance and enthusiasm associated with the automobile and recreational vehicle culture, as well as product features as the United States became increasingly focused on highways and automobile travel.
Early years
Byam was born on July 4, 1896, in Baker City, Oregon and as a young child he traveled extensively with his grandfather, who led a mule train in Oregon. By the time he was three, his parents divorced and his mother married David Davis, a butcher. By 1910, the family had moved to Astoria, OR and Byam had taken the name of his stepfather, Davis. Later, as an adolescent, Byam worked as a shepherd while he lived in a two-wheeled shepherd's cart outfitted with a kerosene cook stove, a sleeping bag, and wash pail. In these early years, he also joined tugboats as an ablebodied seaman during summers on Astoria to Alaska trips which fostered his independence and love of travel.
By the time Byam ended high school both his mother and stepfather had died leaving him orphaned and with not much money he turned to college. In 1921, he graduated with a BA in History, registered under the name Wallace M. Davis at Stanford University. After graduating he traveled to Hollywood attempting a career but started a job at The Los Angeles Times. He married his first wife, Marion James, with whom he owned an advertisement mailer company. A do-it-yourself magazine he published featured an article describing how to build a travel trailer. When readers complained about the plans, Byam tried them out for himself. Indeed, he discovered the plans were flawed.
Byam was inspired to build his own travel trailer, to accompany a model T. Byam and his wife went on a camping trip in the teardrop model type pop up "tent". Byam wrote an article in Popular Mechanics describing how to build his trailer for under $100 — this time drawing an enthusiastic response from his readers.
Byam sells leisure travel
During the late 1920s, Americans were beginning to take to the roads in greater numbers. Byam's new trailer was a perfect match for the increasingly popular mobile lifestyle. Byam thus began selling sets of his plans for five dollars. He also sold complete trailer kits and finished trailers he built in his Los Angeles backyard. His fledgling business survived the crash of 1929. By 1930, he had abandoned advertising and publishing to become a full-time builder of Masonite travel trailers. The Airstream Company was incorporated in 1931.
In 1934, Hawley Bowlus developed the first riveted aluminum trailer, named the "Road Chief". Wally Byam was involved in sales of these trailers. Bowlus continued to produce his line of trailers, finally ending production in September 1936. William Hawley Bowlus was an aircraft designer who had worked on The Spirit of St. Louis.
Airstream and World War II
On January 17, 1936, the Airstream Trailer Co. introduced the Clipper, and a well-known American brand was born. The Clipper was a similar shape and length to the Bowlus Road Chief but with the door now located on the side. With its semi monocoque, riveted aluminum body, it had more in common with the aircraft of its day than with its travel trailer predecessors. It could sleep four, thanks to its tubular steel-framed dinette, which could convert to a bed. It carried its own water supply, had an enclosed galley, and was fitted with electric lights. The Clipper boasted advanced insulation and a ventilation system, and even offered "air conditioning" that used dry ice.
At $1200, the Clipper was considered an expensive travel trailer. However, market response to the product was strong and Byam's company could not build units fast enough to satisfy the deluge of orders.
Wally Byam's meticulous attention to quality and design helped guide the firm through tough economic times. Of more than 400 travel trailer builders operating in 1936, Airstream was the only one to survive the Great Depression years.
With the onset of World War II, leisure travel and the materials necessary to build trailers became luxuries the country could not afford and in response to the war effort, Airstream Trailer Co. closed its doors. Byam decided that the best way to help America was to use his experience with aluminum fabricating in the aircraft industry. He took positions at Lockheed and Curtis Wright for the duration of the war.
When World War II ended, the economy boomed and Americans once again turned their attention towards recreational travel. Byam reopened Airstream; by 1948, the demand for Airstream trailers seemed limitless. Like the Coca-Cola bottle and Zippo lighter, Airstream travel trailers became one of the most recognizable products in the world.
The 1950s
In July 1952, the lease was signed for a facility in Jackson Center, Ohio, to serve the eastern market. By August 1954, the first Ohio-made Airstream rolled off the production line, and the California factory was moved to larger facilities in Santa Fe Springs. Wally Byam was one of the first to attempt this sort of travel on a global scale.
In 1955, Wally travelled to Europe with his wife Stella, in a one-of-a-kind Airstream Bubble to scout the 1956 caravan. Then in 1956, he travelled to Europe in a white 26' trailer towed by a Cadillac. Byam's globetrotting adventures were the inspiration for the formation of the nonprofit club, Wally Byam Caravan Club International, to promote the use of Airstreams to travel as much as possible. Founded in Kentville, Nova Scotia, Canada, in 1955, the club is still in existence today, with more than 6,000 member families. In 2007, the club held more than 1400 rallies and caravans.
Wally Byam Death
On July 22, 1962, Wally Byam died at the age of 66 of a brain tumor. He is interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, CA in the Columbarium Garden of Honor.
Airstream is now owned by Thor Industries, Inc., the largest travel trailer manufacturer in the world.
Caravans
Byam famously led caravans worldwide as publicity exercises for the Airstream brand. The Wally Byam Caravan Club's 50th International Rally took place in Perry, GA June 23-July 4, 2007. His most notable caravan was a 1959 excursion from Cape Town, South Africa, to Nairobi, Kenya. A recreation of Byam's legendary Cape Town to Nairobi caravan was scheduled to take place in 2009. However, the planned tour was canceled due to safety and political concerns, and the prohibitive insurance costs.
References
External links
Airstream Camping Video produced by Oregon Field Guide
Recreational vehicles
1896 births
1962 deaths
People from Baker City, Oregon
Stanford University alumni
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
Alexander L. Duncan (1891 – after 1912) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a winger.
References
1891 births
Footballers from Glasgow
Scottish footballers
Association football wingers
Cambuslang F.C. players
Portsmouth F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Year of death missing
The Javan scimitar babbler (Pomatorhinus montanus) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae. It is endemic to Java, Indonesia. The Sunda scimitar babbler (P. bornensis), which is found in Sumatra, Borneo, and Malaysia, was formerly considered conspecific, with both species being grouped as the chestnut-backed scimitar babbler. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Javan scimitar babbler
Javan scimitar babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic fauna of Java
Birds of Java
The 2021 Osijek local elections were elections for the 49th Mayor of Osijek, the two deputy mayors and the 31 members of the Osijek City Council. It is a part of the Croatian local elections, which are taking place on 16 and 30 May 2021.
The incumbent mayor, Ivan Vrkić, announced on 11 July 2020 that he will not run for another term.
This was the third direct election for the mayor of Osijek (simultaneously held with elections for all other county prefects and mayors in Croatia) since the popular vote method was introduced in 2009, as previously those officials had been elected by their county or city assemblies and councils.
Mayoral election
Council election
See also
2021 Croatian local elections
2021 Zagreb local elections
2021 Split local elections
2021 Rijeka local elections
List of mayors in Croatia
List of mayors of Osijek
References
Osijek 2021
Osijek
Osijek local
History of Osijek
Estádio dos Coqueiros is a multi-use stadium in Luanda, Angola. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Benfica de Luanda and Kabuscorp. The stadium holds 12,000 people and was built during the colonial period, in 1947. It underwent major renovation works in 2005.
References
External links
Facebook profile
Buildings and structures in Luanda
Buildings and structures completed in 2005
Coqueiros
Sport in Luanda
Debuting and disbanded in 2006
Debuting groups
2NB
Battle
Big Bang
Brown Eyed Girls
DickPunks
Eluphant
SeeYa
Super Junior-K.R.Y.
Typhoon
Reformed groups
Uptown
Solo debuts
Ahyoomee
Boom
Brian Joo
Ha Dong-kyun
H-Eugene
Lee Joon-gi
Park Jung-ah
Primary
Sunwoo Jung-a
Disbanded groups
Baby V.O.X.
Chakra
NRG
Sugar
Releases in 2006
First quarter
January
February
March
Second quarter
April
May
June
Third quarter
July
August
September
Fourth quarter
October
November
December
See also
2006 in South Korea
List of South Korean films of 2006
South Korean music
K-pop
The Beretta 501 Sniper is an Italian-made bolt-action sniper rifle. Introduced in 1985, it was intended for military and police use. The Beretta Sniper was adopted by number of European police forces and by armies in other parts of the world.
Because of competition by more modern sniper rifle designs and due to the lack of interest in the M501 rifle, the product was discontinued. The 501 Sniper has been replaced in service by newer sniper rifle designs.
Design
The 501 is a conventional bolt-action rifle that utilizes a modified Mauser action. The 501 has a heavy, free-floating barrel fitted with a flash suppressor.
The 501 fires 7.62mm NATO rounds, weighs 5.56 kg, is 1165mm in length, has a 586 mm barrel and uses a 5-round detachable box magazine.
The standard stock is made of wood. Within a stock is built a tube that's attached to a receiver. It contains a harmonic balancer, a weight and springs help manage recoil. At the end of the tube can be used to mount a bipod.
The sight mount is a NATO STANAG 2324 and takes any NATO-standard night-vision and optical sight.
Users
: Italian Army, has been replaced with the Accuracy International Arctic Warfare Magnum rifles.
See also
Accuracy International PM
Unique Alpine TPG-1
References
Stanisław Kochański, Brygady antyterrorystyczne Operacje Uzbrojenie, SIGMA NOT 1992.
Andrzej Ciepliński, Ryszard Woźniak, Broń wyborowa 2, Wojskowy Przegląd Techniczny i Logistyczny 2/96. ISSN 1230-7386
7.62×51mm NATO rifles
Bolt-action rifles of Italy
Sniper
Military equipment introduced in the 1980s
pl:Karabin Beretta M501
Sara Naveed () is a Pakistani author based in Lahore, Pakistan.
Biography
Sara Naveed concluded her master's degree with a Gold Medal in Banking and Finance from University of Management and Technology, Lahore.
After completing her matriculation degree from Convent of Jesus and Mary, Sialkot, she opted for pre-medical, but ended up graduating in business. Published in November 2014, Undying Affinity is her debut romance novel.
Her second novel, titled Our Story Ends Here, published by Penguin Random House India, came out on 14 February 2017.
Work
Undying Affinity
Our Story Ends Here
All of My Heart
The World Between Us
References
External links
Official Website
Pakistani women writers
People from Sialkot
Writers from Lahore
Living people
Women writers from Punjab, Pakistan
Year of birth missing (living people)
Time, the Comedian is an American 1925 film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. The film stars Mae Busch and Lew Cody. The film was a hit.
Plot
As described in a review in a film magazine, Nora (Busch) is a discontented mother leaves her husband and baby to go with Larry (Cody), a wealthy idler. The husband commits suicide and the idler leaves her. Later we find the woman a successful opera singer. Larry again appears and falls in love with the daughter Ruth (Olmstead), now grown. To save her when she refuses to listen to her advice, the mother goes to this man and feigns love. The daughter finds her and guesses the truth, and finally finds happiness with a faithful suitor.
Cast
References
External links
1925 films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1925 drama films
Silent American drama films
Films directed by Robert Z. Leonard
1920s American films
Christopher Whitelaw Pine (born August 26, 1980) is an American actor. Pine made his feature film debut as Lord Devereaux in The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement (2004). His roles include James T. Kirk in the Star Trek reboot film series (2009–present), Will Colson in Unstoppable (2010), Cinderella's Prince in Into the Woods (2014), Jack Ryan in Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit (2014), Toby Howard in Hell or High Water (2016), Bernie Webber in The Finest Hours (2016), Steve Trevor in Wonder Woman (2017) and Wonder Woman 1984 (2020), Dr. Alexander Murry in A Wrinkle in Time (2018), Robert the Bruce in Outlaw King (2018), and James Harper in The Contractor (2022). Pine also voiced Jack Frost in Rise of the Guardians (2012).
Early life
Pine was born on August 26, 1980 in Los Angeles, California. His father, Robert Pine, is an actor who co-starred on CHiPs as Sergeant Joseph Getraer, and his mother, Gwynne Gilford, is a former actress who became a psychotherapist. He has an older sister, Katherine, who has also acted. His maternal grandmother, Anne Gwynne, was a Hollywood actress. His maternal grandfather, Max M. Gilford, who came from a Russian Jewish family, was an attorney who was elected president of the Hollywood Bar Association. His uncle, Greg Max Gilford, is a former recording artist for Dunhill Records, who became a computer consultant, then later a Recovery Mentor/Support Specialist for United Healthcare.
Pine attended the Oakwood School for high school, then went on to graduate from the University of California, Berkeley in 2002 with a B.A. in English. At Berkeley, Pine wanted to find a "place where he'd belong", and was not interested in joining a fraternity. Instead, he began doing theater. As a member of the UC Berkeley Theater Department, Pine performed in a Caryl Churchill play at La Val's Subterranean Theater and performed Orestes and Shakespeare at Zellerbach Hall.
He was an exchange student at the University of Leeds in England for one year. After graduating from Berkeley, he attended the Williamstown Theatre Festival, and he studied at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco. He was in a professional honors business fraternity called Beta Alpha Psi while at UC Berkeley.
Career
2003–2008: Early roles
Pine's first acting role was in a 2003 episode of ER; the same year, he also appeared in episodes of The Guardian and CSI: Miami.
In 2004, he appeared in Why Germany?, a short film; and in The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement. Pine played the part of Nicholas Devereaux, the love interest of Anne Hathaway's leading character. In 2005, Pine appeared in an episode of the series Six Feet Under, as well as in Confession, an independent film that was released directly to video, and The Bulls, another short film.
Pine appeared in the made-for-television film Surrender, Dorothy which aired in early 2006. He played Jake Hardin in the American film Just My Luck, a romantic comedy in which he starred opposite Lindsay Lohan. The film was released on May 12, 2006. Later that year, Pine appeared in the comedy Blind Dating, and in the action film Smokin' Aces. Pine did the one-man play The Atheist, at Center Stage, New York, in late 2006. In 2007, he starred opposite Scott Wolf in the Los Angeles production of Neil LaBute's play Fat Pig, winning positive reviews for his depiction of a competitive, alpha-male friend. He portrayed real-life Napa Valley vintner Bo Barrett in the 2008 film Bottle Shock.
2009–2016: Star Trek and worldwide recognition
In 2007, Pine turned down a role in a film adaptation of White Jazz, to accept the part of James T. Kirk in the 2009-Star Trek film, which was released to critical and viewer acclaim in May of that year. That same month, he made a brief appearance promoting the film on Saturday Night Live, with co-stars Zachary Quinto and Leonard Nimoy. During the rest of the summer of 2009, he appeared in the Los Angeles production of the Beau Willimon play Farragut North. Pine appeared in the Los Angeles production of The Lieutenant of Inishmore during the summer of 2010, for which he won the Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle's lead appearance award.
In the fall of 2009, Pine began filming the action film Unstoppable, directed by Tony Scott and written by Mark Bomback, which was released in November 2010. In the film, he played a young train conductor who helped a veteran railroad engineer (Denzel Washington) stop an unmanned, half mile long runaway freight train carrying toxic liquids and poisonous gases from wiping out a nearby city. The Hollywood Reporter named Pine as one of the young male actors who are "pushing—or being pushed" into taking over Hollywood as the new "A-List".
In 2011, Pine sat down with the actor who originated the role of Captain Kirk more than forty years earlier, William Shatner, for the feature length documentary The Captains, which Shatner wrote and directed. The film sees Shatner interview Pine about his career and how it felt to take the role of Kirk for the 2009 movie. Their interview features a scene where the pair arm wrestles; pictures of this incident "went viral" leading to Internet headlines such as "Kirk v. Kirk" and others.
Pine filmed the romantic comedy This Means War, with Reese Witherspoon and Tom Hardy, during the fall of 2010, in Vancouver. This Means War was released in February 2012. Pine voiced the character of Jack Frost in Rise of the Guardians. Pine co-starred with Elizabeth Banks, Olivia Wilde, and Michelle Pfeiffer in the family drama People Like Us, which was filmed in early 2011 and released in June 2012. He reprised the role of Captain Kirk in the sequel to 2009's Star Trek, titled Star Trek Into Darkness, released in the US on May 15, 2013.
In 2009, Pine entered talks to play CIA analyst Jack Ryan in a reboot of Tom Clancy's novels. He starred in Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit, which was released in 2014. Pine was the fourth actor to play the character, after Alec Baldwin, Harrison Ford, and Ben Affleck. In 2014, Pine was in talks to star in a thriller about the United States Coast Guard, The Finest Hours, released in January 2016. He guest-starred in Netflix's Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp and lent his voice for SuperMansion in 2015.
In May 2015, Pine was confirmed to play one of the Howard brothers, along with Ben Foster, in Hell or High Water (originally called Comancheria). After premiering at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival, the film was released in August 2016. Clayton Davis of Variety found Pine's performance in the film to be his best, writing that Pine "shows his reserved range as a leading man". Pine reprised the role of Captain Kirk in Star Trek Beyond. Filming began in June 2015 in Canada, and it was released in the US on July 22, 2016. In July 2016, he received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Character Voice-Over Performance for his work on the series SuperMansion. That same year, Pine was featured on singer Barbra Streisand's album Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway, in which the two duetted on a medley of the songs "I'll Be Seeing You" and "I've Grown Accustomed to Her Face".
2017–present: Wonder Woman and continued film roles
In 2015, Pine was cast as Steve Trevor, opposite Gal Gadot, in the superhero film Wonder Woman. The film was released in June 2017 to positive reviews. Also in 2017, he reprised his roles in the second season of SuperMansion and the film Wet Hot American Summer: Ten Years Later, guest-starred in the third season of Angie Tribeca (including an episode where his father was also a guest star), and narrated the season two finale episode of National Geographic's Breakthrough.
In 2018, Pine played Dr. Alexander Murry in the fantasy film A Wrinkle in Time, based on the novel of the same name, and starred as Robert the Bruce in Outlaw King. The latter project began filming on August 21, 2017 in Scotland, and was released on Netflix on November 9, 2018. Also that year, Pine voiced a version of Peter Parker / Spider-Man in the animated film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. In August 2018, it was reported that Pine would not be reprising his role as Captain Kirk in the fourth film of the Star Trek film series after contract negotiations fell through.
In July 2017, the US cable network TNT announced Pine would play the role of Jay Singletary in a six-episode television drama, One Day She'll Darken. He also served as an executive producer alongside director Patty Jenkins and writer Sam Sheridan. The show, ultimately titled I Am the Night, began airing in January 2019.
In 2020, Pine starred as Westley in Home Movie: The Princess Bride for Quibi to raise money for World Central Kitchen. On June 13, 2018, Patty Jenkins announced that Pine would appear in the Wonder Woman sequel, titled Wonder Woman 1984, as Steve Trevor. The film was released in December 2020.
After Pine became attached to star in a film adaptation of the novel All the Old Knives in 2017, Amazon Studios picked up the film in 2020, with Pine and Thandiwe Newton starring and Janus Metz Pedersen directing. Pine also executive produced the film. The film was released in limited theaters and on streaming on Amazon Prime Video on April 8, 2022.
Pine executive produced and starred in the 2022 action-thriller The Contractor,
He appeared in Don't Worry Darling, a psychological thriller film directed by Olivia Wilde, released in September 2022.
Upcoming projects
In September 2017, it was announced that Pine was slated to star as Robert F. Kennedy in a Hulu limited series based on the Larry Tye biography Bobby Kennedy: The Making of a Liberal Icon. He will also serve as an executive producer for the series. In August 2019, it was reported that Pine was set to play Walter Cronkite in Newsflash, a drama film about how media reported the Assassination of John F. Kennedy.
Pine will star in Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves, a film based on the role-playing game of the same name.
In February 2022, it was announced that Pine will make his directorial debut with Poolman and will also play the lead.
Personal life
Pine has stated, "I definitely have a spiritual outlook... I am not a religious guy, I am probably agnostic."
On March 1, 2014, while filming Z for Zachariah in New Zealand, Pine was arrested by police near Methven after failing to pass a routine roadside breath alcohol test. He pleaded guilty to drunk driving on March 17, stating that he drank four vodkas at a local pub. Pine was disqualified from driving in New Zealand for six months and ordered to pay NZ$93 in reparation. He had a clean record, and the judge said that "the incident was out of character".
Pine was in a relationship with British actress Annabelle Wallis from 2018 to 2022.
Political views
Politically, Pine has called himself a "left-leaning liberal". He has stated that both Democrats and Republicans tend to be interchangeable when it comes to certain actions, citing President Obama's strengthening of the Patriot Act.
During the 2016 presidential campaign, Pine along with fellow Star Trek coworkers J. J. Abrams, John Cho, Simon Pegg, Zachary Quinto, Zoe Saldana, Karl Urban, George Takei, Justin Lin, Bryan Fuller, and Adam Nimoy, endorsed a movement called Trek Against Trump. The movement endorsed Hillary Clinton. On November 1, 2016, Pine, along with director Joss Whedon, released a video urging people to vote in the upcoming elections. While the video was a parody of Congress in general, certain commentators took the video to represent the Republican Congress.
In 2020, Pine supported Joe Biden's presidential campaign.
Acting credits
Film
Television
Video games
Music videos
Theater
Discography
Soundtracks
Miscellaneous
Awards and nominations
References
External links
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male video game actors
American male voice actors
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Living people
Male actors from California
Male actors from Los Angeles
People from Los Angeles
People from the San Fernando Valley
Pine family
University of California, Berkeley alumni
1980 births
The 62nd Airlift Squadron is part of the 314th Airlift Wing at Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkansas. Originally constituted in 1942 as the 62nd Troop Carrier Squadron, it first deployed to Morocco in 1943, remaining in Europe until its inactivation in 1946. It reactivated three years later and deployed to Japan during the Korean War. In 1967, the unit was redesignated the 62nd Tactical Airlift Squadron, and in 1991 the 62nd Airlift Squadron. It operates Lockheed C-130J Super Hercules aircraft and provides advanced training to pilots, copilots, and loadmasters for combat airlift and airdrop operations.
History
World War II
Activated in late 1942 under I Troop Carrier Command and equipped with Douglas C-47 Skytrains. Trained in various parts of the eastern United States. Deployed to French Morocco in May 1943 and assigned to Twelfth Air Force to support combat operations in the North African Campaign. Remained with Twelfth Air Force, moving to Tunisia and Sicily providing transport and resupply operations as well as casualty evacuation of wounded personnel in the Mediterranean Theater of Operations (MTO). Reassigned to IX Troop Carrier Command in England during early 1944 as part of the build-up of Allied forces prior to the D-Day invasion of France.
Began operations by dropping paratroops into Normandy on D-Day (6 June 1944) and releasing gliders with reinforcements on the following day. The unit received a Distinguished Unit Citation and a French citation for these missions.
After the Normandy invasion the squadron ferried supplies in the United Kingdom. The squadron also hauled food, clothing, medicine, gasoline, ordnance equipment, and other supplies to the front lines and evacuated patients to rear zone hospitals. It dropped paratroops near Nijmegen and towed gliders carrying reinforcements during the airborne attack on the Netherlands. In December, it participated in the Battle of the Bulge by releasing gliders with supplies for the 101st Airborne Division near Bastogne.
Moved to Belgium in early 1945, and participated in the Western Allied invasion of Germany, participating in the air assault across the Rhine River in March 1945, each aircraft towed two gliders with troops of the 17th Airborne Division and released them near Wesel.
Post-war
After V-E Day, became part of the United States Air Forces in Europe, at Villacoublay Airfield and was part of the European Air Transport System, supporting the occupation forces in Germany as well as carrying supplies and personnel between various stations in Western Europe. Inactivated in early 1946 while stationed in France.
Tactical Air Command
Reactivated as part of Tactical Air Command (TAC) in 1949 with Fairchild C-82 Packets and various gliders as an assault squadron.
Korean War
Deployed to Japan for combat operations in 1950 for the Korean War. Furnished airlift between Japan and Korea and airdropped paratroops and supplies at Sukchon/Sunchon and Munsan-ni. was part of airborne assaults on Sukchon and Munsan-ni.
Return to United States
Returned to the United States in 1954, was equipped by TAC as one of the first Lockheed C-130 Hercules squadrons when the aircraft came into operational service. The squadron flew airlift from the Philippines into Vietnam, March–May 1965.
Flying training
It has conducted C-130 Training since 1971.
2020 Coronoavirus epidemic
To protect Air Force personnel from infection, in 2020 the squadron took on a new task: flying Air Education and Training Command students to training locations. Normally such students take commercial flights.
Campaigns and Decorations
Campaigns. World War II: Sicily; Naples-Foggia; Rome-Arno; Normandy; Northern France; Rhineland; Central Europe. Korea: UN Defensive; UN Offensive; CCF Intervention; First UN Counteroffensive; CCF Spring Offensive; UN Summer-Fall Offensive; Second Korean Winter; Korea Summer-Fall, 1952; Third Korean Winter; Korea, Summer 1953. Vietnam: Vietnam Defensive.
Decorations. Distinguished Unit Citations: Sicily, 11 July 1943; France, [6–7] Jun 1944; Korea, 28 November-10 Dec 1950. Air Force Outstanding Unit Awards: 6 May 1953 – 10 September 1954; 11 January-14 Feb 1955; 1 January 1960 – 31 December 1961; 1 September 1962 – 15 April 1963; 1 December 1965 – 30 June 1967; 1 June 1969 – 31 May 1971; 1 January 1975 – 30 June 1976; 1 June 1985 – 31 May 1986; 1 July 1991 – 30 June 1993; 1 July 1993 – 30 June 1995; 1 July 1995 – 31 March 1997; 1 July 1997 – 30 June 1999; 1 July 1999 – 30 June 2001; 1 July 2001 – 30 June 2003; 1 July 2003 – 30 June 2004; 1 July 2005 – 30 June 2006; 1 July 2006 – 30 June 2007; 1 July 2008 – 30 June 2009. Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation, 1 July 1951 – 27 July 1953.
Lineage
Constituted as the 62d Troop Carrier Squadron on 27 November 1942
Activated on 5 December 1942
Inactivated on 27 August 1946
Redesignated 62d Troop Carrier Squadron, Medium on 20 September 1949
Activated on 17 October 1949
Redesignated 62d Troop Carrier Squadron on 1 March 1966
Redesignated 62d Tactical Airlift Squadron on 1 May 1967
Redesignated 62d Airlift Squadron on 1 December 1991
Assignments
315th Troop Carrier Group, 5 December 1942 (attached to 89th Troop Carrier Group)
314th Troop Carrier Group, 15 March 1943
Third Air Force, Aug-27 August 1946
314th Troop Carrier Group, 17 October 1949
314th Troop Carrier Wing, 8 October 1957 (attached to 322d Air Division 6 June–August 1961, Detachment 3, 315th Air Division, 19 May-29 July 1962 and 5 August–October 1964, 315th Air Division, March–May 1965)
839th Air Division, 1 December 1965 (attached to Troop Carrier Wing Provisional, 4413)
64th Troop Carrier Wing (later 64th Tactical Airlift Wing), 1 July 1966 (attached to 513th Tactical Airlift Wing, 15 December 1967 – 8 April 1968, 29 June-2 Oct 1968, 16 November 1969 – 11 January 1970, 3 July-30 August 1970; 322d Tactical Airlift Wing, 10 April-12 Jun 1971)
314th Tactical Airlift Wing, 31 May 1971
34th Tactical Airlift Training Group, 1 November 1978
314th Operations Group, 1 December 1991 – present
Stations
Sedalia Army Air Field, Missouri, 5 December 1942
Del Valle Army Air Base, Texas, 12 December 1942
Pope Field, North Carolina, 12 January 1943
Lawson Field, Georgia, 25 February-3 May 1943
Berguent Airfield, French Morocco, 29 May 1943
Kairouan Airfield, Tunisia, 24 June 1943
Castelvetrano Airfield, Sicily, 3 September 1943 – 15 February 1944
RAF Saltby (AAF-538), England, 24 February 1944
Poix Airfield (B-44), France, Mar 1945
Villacoublay Airfield (A-42), France, 15 October 1945 – 15 February 1946
Bolling Field, District of Columbia, 15 February 1946
Greenville Army Air Base, South Carolina, August-27 August 1946
Smyrna Air Force Base (later Sewart Air Force Base), Tennessee, 17 October 1949 – 27 August 1950
Ashiya Air Base, Japan, 4 September 1950 – 15 November 1954
Sewart Air Force Base, Tennessee, 15 November 1954 (deployed to Évreux-Fauville Air Base, France, 6 June–August 1961; Clark Air Base, Philippines, 19 May-29 Jul 1962, 5 August–October 1964, March–May 1965; RAF Mildenhall, England, 15 December 1967-c. 28 March 1968, 1 July-2 Oct 1968, and 16 November 1969 – 11 January 1970)
Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkansas, 9 March 1970 – present (deployed to RAF Mildenhall, England, 3 July-30 August 1970; Rhein-Main Air Base, Germany, 2 April-31 May 1971
Coronoavirus EpidemicCoronoavirus Epidemic
Aircraft
Douglas C-47 Skytrain (1943–1946)
Fairchild C-82 Packet (1949–1950)
Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcar (1950–1957)
Lockheed C-130 Hercules (1956 – present)
References
Notes
Bibliography
Volume IV, European-African-Middle Eastern Theater of Operations
External links
314th Operations Group Fact Sheet
0062
Military units and formations in Arkansas
The broadtail royal (Creon cleobis) is a butterfly in the monotypic genus Creon, in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in South Asia.
Subspecies
Creon cleobis cleobis Godart, 1824 - South India, West Bengal, Assam - Thailand, Burma and Bangladesh.
Creon cleobis queda Corbet, 1938 - Peninsular Malaya
Creon cleobis igolotiana Murayama & Okamura, 1973 Corbet, 1938 - Philippines (Luzon)
Description
The wingspan of Creon is 27-38 millimeter.
Habit
Creon flies fast and has a liking for flowers. It can be found near forest streams areas, and comes to damp or wet patches.
References
Fauna of Pakistan
Iolaini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by Lionel de Nicéville
Lycaenidae genera
The 2023 Pac-12 Conference Softball Tournament will be held from May 10 through May 13, 2023 at Rita Hillenbrand Memorial Stadium in Tucson, Arizona. This will mark the first postseason championship event sponsored by the Pac-12 Conference since 1978, the first to feature more than two teams. The nine team, single-elimination tournament winner will earn the league's automatic bid to the 2023 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament.
Seeds
This tournament will feature 9 teams in this conference (Colorad, USC & Washington State do no field team). Teams will play once per day at the 2023 Pac-12 Softball Championship. The four-day event will begin with a play-in game between the eighth and ninth-place teams in the regular-season standings. That winner will advance to an eight-team, single-elimination bracket with the quarterfinals, semifinals and championship being contested on the following three days. The winner of the Pac-12 Softball Championship will receive the Conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. The seedings will be determined upon completion of regular season play. The winning percentage of the teams in conference play will determine tournament seedings. There are tiebreakers in place to seed teams with identical conference records.
Bracket
Schedule
2023 Bracket
All-tournament Team
The following players will be members of the 2022 Pac-12 Softball All-Tournament Team. Player in Bold selected as Tournament MVP.
References
Pac-12 Conference Softball Tournament
Pac-12
Imre Lestyan (born 24 October 1963) is a Romanian biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Romanian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Romania
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Târgu Mureș
Frances M. Bowes (1865 – January 21, 1895) was an American professional baseball player for one season. He appeared in 61 games for the 1890 Brooklyn Gladiators of the American Association. Bowes' father, Patrick, was police officer in the Greenpoint area of Brooklyn. After his baseball career, he was working for Edward C. Smith's box factory on Oakland Street. On January 21, 1895 he confronted his factory manager over his pay. William Snow, his manager, told him to talk to the owner but Bowes began assaulting Snow. Bowes continued though Snow warned him that he was armed. When Bowes did not comply, Snow shot him three times through the heart, killing him. Bowes is interred at Calvary Cemetery in Woodside, Queens, New York.
References
External links
1865 births
1895 deaths
Major League Baseball third basemen
Major League Baseball catchers
Major League Baseball outfielders
19th-century baseball players
Brooklyn Gladiators players
Burials at Calvary Cemetery (Queens)
Baseball players from New York (state)
Deaths by firearm in Brooklyn
Black Market of Love () is a 1966 West German crime film directed by Ernst Hofbauer and starring Uta Levka, Astrid Frank and Claus Tinney.
Synopsis
The plot centers around a white slavery ring operating out of the Italian port of Genoa, luring young German woman for worker as dancers.
Cast
Uta Levka as Uta
Astrid Frank as Astrid
Manfred Meurer as Exzellenz
Karin Field as Rosanna
Claus Tinney as Harald von Groepen
Tilly Lauenstein as Countess
Rolf Eden as Rolf
Elio Manni as Flip
Karl Gretler as Charly
Omero Antonutti as Lemaire
Christine Dass as Antoinette
Rico Peter as Landlord
Karin Glier as Mary
Jochen Rock
Li Hardes as Birgit
Helga Schwartz as Anne
References
Bibliography
External links
1966 films
1966 crime films
German crime films
West German films
1960s German-language films
Films directed by Ernst Hofbauer
Films set in Berlin
Films set in Genoa
Films about prostitution in Germany
1960s German films
Allocasuarina duncanii, commonly known as Duncan's sheoak, is a small tree of the genus Allocasuarina native to Tasmania.
The small tree has a conifer habit and typically grows to a height of .
Allocasuarina duncanii is known from ten populations with a range of approximately . The estimated number of mature individuals is between 120,000 and 150,000. The species is found in Snug Tiers, the East and West Wellington Ranges, Ridgeway and South Bruny Island in the south east of Tasmania. Growing in a dolerite substrate at a height of .
References
duncanii
Flora of Tasmania
Fagales of Australia
LCX may refer to:
Left circumflex artery
IATA code for Longyan Guanzhishan Airport
Archips okuiho is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream brown slightly mixed with pale ferruginous in the costal half. The strigulation is indistinct and brownish, although the basal third of the wing is suffused brown. The hindwings are brownish.
Etymology
This name refers to the type locality in Vietnam, Okui-ho.
References
Archips
Moths described in 2009
Moths of Asia
Ilala is a river of northern Ethiopia. Rising in the mountains of Dergajen (2676 metres above sea level), it flows westward to Giba River which empties finally in the Tekezé River.
Hydrography
It is a confined river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with a slope gradient of 14 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Hydrology
Hydrological characteristics
The runoff footprint or annual total runoff volume is 48,000,000 m³.
Peak discharges up to 259 m³ per second occur in the second part of the rainy season (month of August) when there are strong rains and the soils are saturated with water in many places.
The percentage of total rainfall that directly leaves the catchment as storm runoff (also called runoff coefficient) is 14%.
The total amount of sediment that is transported by this river amounts to 222,000 tonnes per year. Median sediment concentration in the river water is 2.45 grammes per litre, but may go up to 62 g/L. The highest sediment concentrations occur at the beginning of the rainy season, when loose soil and dust is washed away by overland flow and ends up in the river.
As such water contains many nutrients (locally it is called “aygi”), farmers estimate that it strengthens their cattle, which they will bring to the river. All in all, average sediment yield is 878 tonnes per km² and per year. All measurements were done at a purposively installed station near the mouth of the river, in the years 2004–2007.
Flash floods
Runoff mostly occurs in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow. These flash floods mostly occur during the evening or night, because the convective rain showers occur in the afternoon.
Changes over time
Evidence given by Italian aerial photographs of the catchment, taken in the 1930s show that 36% of the catchment was covered with woody vegetation (against 20% in 2014). This vegetation could slow down runoff and the runoff coefficient was smaller (12% in 1935 against 14% in 2014). As a consequence, discharges in the river were less and the river was narrower than today.
Up to the 1980s, there was strong pressure on the environment, and much vegetation disappeared. This river had its greatest discharges and width in that period.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased in recent years due to interventions in the catchment. On steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Irrigated agriculture
Besides springs and reservoirs, irrigation is strongly dependent on the river's baseflow. Such irrigated agriculture is important in meeting the demands for food security and poverty reduction. Irrigated lands are established in the narrow alluvial plains all along the river, mainly through use of pump irrigation.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Agula Shale
Mekelle Dolerite
Antalo Limestone
Quaternary freshwater tufa
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Tigray Region
Château de Carentan was a castle in Carentan, Manche, France.
A castle has existed at Carentan since the 11th century. The castle was besieged by Jean de Vienne in July 1375, with English garrison surrendering. King Henry IV of France gave orders to destroy the fortifications and the castle in 1595.
References
René Le Tenneur. Carentan à travers les siec̀les: histoire d'une petite ville normande
Études et documents d'histoire de Basse-Normandie. Éditions O.C.E.P., 1970.
Châteaux in Manche
A slide projector is an opto-mechanical device for showing photographic slides.
35 mm slide projectors, direct descendants of the larger-format magic lantern, first came into widespread use during the 1950s as a form of occasional home entertainment; family members and friends would gather to view slide shows. Reversal film was much in use, and supplied slides snapped during vacations and at family events. Slide projectors were also widely used in educational and other institutional settings.
Photographic film slides and projectors have mostly been replaced by image files on digital storage media shown on a projection screen by using a video projector or simply displayed on a large-screen video monitor.
History
A continuous-slide lantern was patented in 1881. It included a dissolving views apparatus.
Components
A projector has four main elements:
electric incandescent light bulb or other light source (usually fan-cooled)
reflector and "condensing" lens to direct the light to the slide
slide holder
focusing lens
A flat piece of heat-absorbing glass is often placed in the light path between the condensing lens and the slide, to avoid damaging the latter. This glass transmits visible wavelengths but absorbs infrared. Light passes through the transparent slide and lens, and the resulting image is enlarged and projected onto a perpendicular flat screen so the audience can view its reflection. Alternatively, the image may be projected onto a translucent "rear projection" screen, often used for continuous automatic display for close viewing. This form of projection also avoids the audience interrupting the light stream by casting their shadows on the projection or by bumping into the projector.
Types
Straight-tray slide projectors
Carousel slide projectors
Stack-loader slide projectors
Slide cube projectors
Dual slide projectors
Single slide projectors (manual form)
Dissolve projectors
Slide viewer projectors
Stereo slide projectors project two slides simultaneously with different polarizations, making slides appear as three-dimensional to viewers wearing polarizing glasses
Medium-format slide projectors
Large-format slide projectors for use on stages, at large events, or for architectural and advertising installations where high light output is needed.
Overhead projectors
Manufacturers
List of known manufacturers of slide projectors:
Agfa Gevaert, Germany (–1984) → Reflecta (1984–)
, Germany → Bosch; ceased production
Bausch & Lomb; ceased production
Bell & Howell / TDC, US: "Headliner"; ceased production
Braun AG, Germany: "D", "PA"; ceased production
Braun Foto Technik, Germany: "Paximat", "Multimag" → Reflecta
VEB DEFA, Germany: "Filius"→ VEB Gerätewerk Friedrichshagen: "Filius"; ceased production
Eastman Kodak (–2004): "Carousel-S", "Ektagraphic", "Ektapro" → Leica
Elmo, Japan
Enna, Germany; ceased production
Erno Photo, Germany; ceased production
VEB Feinmess, Germany; ceased production
Filmoli, Germany → Gebr. Martin, Germany; ceased production
Foto Quelle, Germany: "Revue"; ceased distribution
GAF, US; ceased distribution
Götschmann, Germany (1978–2009) → Gecko-Cam (2009–)
Hasselblad, Sweden; ceased production
HASPE, Germany; ceased production
Hähnel, Germany; ceased production
Inox, France: "Prestige" → Prestinox
, Germany: "Diafocus" → Leica
Leitz, Germany (1958–): "Prado" → Leica Projektion GmbH Zett Gerätewerk, Germany (1990–2004): "Pradovit", "Pradovit RT" → Leica Camera, Germany (2004–2006): "Pradovit"; ceased production
, Germany: "Fantax", "Diafant", "Fantimat"; ceased production
Malinski, Germany: "Prokyon", "Malicolor" → Pentacon
Minolta, Japan; ceased production
Minox, Germany: "Minomat"; ceased production
Navitar, US
Nikon, Japan; ceased production
Ernst Plank, Germany: "Noris", "Trumpf"; ceased production
Pentacon, Germany: "Aspectar", "Malicolor"; ceased production
Asahi Pentax, Japan; ceased production
Prestinox, France → Plawa Condor (1969–?); ceased production
Pouva, Germany; ceased production
RBT, Germany
Queen, Germany: "Automat"; ceased distribution
Reflecta, Germany: "Multimag"
Rollei, Germany (1960–2007): "Rolleiscop", "Rolleivision" → Franke & Heidecke, Germany (2007–2009): "Rolleivision" → DHW Fototechnik, Germany (2009–2015): "Rolleivision"; ceased production
Royal, Germany?; ceased distribution
Sankyo, Japan; ceased production
Sawyer's, US; company sold to GAF
, Italy → Bauer and Rollei; ceased production
Vicom
Vivitar, US
Voigtländer, Germany: "Perkeo" → Zett
Zeiss Ikon, Germany (1964/1969–): "Ikolux" → Zett
Zeiss Jena, Germany → Pentacon, Germany
Zett, Germany (1928–1989): "Fafix", "Zett", "Zettomat", "Perkeo" → Leica Projektion GmbH Zett Gerätewerk, Germany (1990–2004)
CBИTЯ3ъ, Russia: "ABTO"; ceased production
See also
Slide viewer
Carousel slide projector
Presentation slide
References
General references
Inline citations
Display devices
Slide projectors
de:Projektor#Durchlichtprojektion
Salween (, ) is a 1994 Thai action-drama film directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol and starring Sorapong Chatree and Chatchai Plengpanich. Sombat Metanee's son, Siricoup Metanee, also stars as a young police lieutenant, newly arrived at a rough-and-tumble post in a Thai-Myanmar border town on the Salween River. The screenplay is co-written by Chatrichalerm and Stirling Silliphant.
Plot
A text scroll at the opening of the film gives some historical background about Myanmar (or Burma) being granted independence after World War II by the United Kingdom, without the problem of ethnic conflict with the Karen people on the country's border areas being resolved. So since then, the Burmese central government, then known as SLORC and the Karen National Liberation Army have been engaged in a war that is little known to outside people.
A Thai timber baron, Tweepong, exploits the situation by courting both the KNLA and SLORC in order to have the unrest continue while his company logs the teak forests in the border region of the Salween River.
Into this volatile, "wild west" atmosphere comes a young, idealistic police lieutenant, Danai, who's to take charge of the police station at the border town of Fah Soong Pha Sak. He rides into town on his motorcycle as a gun battle has erupted between the police, led by tough Sergeant Ram, against some gun thugs. Danai, wearing his crisp police uniform, ends up dumped in a pig pen, covered in mud. He then gives the unkempt, undisciplined local policemen a dressing down, saying they all must clean up and wear their uniforms.
The gunmen who started the fight had been sent to kill Ram by Somsak Tweepong, son of the local "godfather". Somsak later visits Danai to invite him to his father's birthday party.
Eager to carry out his duties, Danai starts a foot patrol of his mountainous district and finds that his tight brown uniform and new boots are unsuited to the rugged terrain. While sitting down to rest and care for some blisters on his feet, he encounters a man nattily dressed in white clothes chasing butterflies with a net. The man is the elder Tweepong, who gives Danai some salve.
After Danai leaves, Tweepong meets with a SLORC colonel and gains intelligence about the Myanmar government's fight against the Karen.
Danai attend the birthday party for Tweepong, and meets Somsak's wife, who was a former beauty queen and actress from Bangkok. She is unhappily married to Somsak and has become an alcoholic.
Danai continue his tour of the district, meeting Nid, who is a teacher at a school for Thai hill-tribe children. She is also the daughter of Sergeant Ram. Her mother was a Karen woman, who was raped and killed by Somsak Tweepong's men, hence the deep resentment Ram has against Tweepong.
Further education comes for Danai when fighting between the KNLA and the SLORC spills over into Thailand. As Karen troops, led by KNLA Lieutenant Tulay, are being attacked by a SLORC helicopter, they attempt to wade the Salween River and cross over into Thailand. Danai at first orders Ram to turn the Karen back, but after seeing the helicopter gunship decimate the Karen, he relents, even growing so frustrated as to fire upon the helicopter, which then fires back. However, nothing more comes of this incident.
But there is more drama in store, as Somsak discovers his wife having an affair. She accuses Somsak of being a homosexual, and Somsak grows enraged. His wife pulls out a gun, and Somsak tries to take it from her, shooting her in the process. She escapes and drives to the police station, where she dies after saying Somsak had shot her.
Somsak is now a fugitive, hiding in Myanmar. Danai at first believes he must go through proper channels to extradite Somsak, but Ram convinces him otherwise, and they take a party into Myanmar to get Somsak back by force.
Somsak's father makes a deal with the KNLA to give them Stinger missiles in exchange for saving his son. Tulay and his men sneak up on Danai's party at night, but let them live in exchange for saving their lives during the earlier incident at the river. Danai tell Tulay that Somsak had committed murder and must be brought back to Thailand for trial. "This is Kawthoolei. Thai laws have no meaning here," Tulay replies. The next morning, the Karen attack. Ram is fatally shot, but he is able to get off a shot that injures Tulay. Danai and the survivors, including Ram's daughter, take Somsak and head back to Thailand.
Just as Danai and Nid are crossing a small river bridge back to Thailand, they come under attack again by Tulay, who, though injured, was waiting under the water just upstream to ambush them. However, then SLORC troops show up and shoot Tulay. The SLORC colonel says he has made a deal with Tweepong for Somsak, and orders Danai to drop his weapons. Tulay, though, is not yet dead. He floats downstream under the bridge and fatally shoots the colonel. Somsak then runs back towards Myanmar, but Nid still has her pistol. She hands it to Danai, who then shoots Somsak in the back to death.
Cast
Sorapong Chatree as Sergeant Ram
Chatchai Plengpanich as Tulay
Siricoup Metanee as Police Lieutenant Danai
Nappon Gomarachun as Somsak Teeweepong
Chalita Pattamapan as Nid
Ron Rittichai as SLORC colonel
Soundtrack
Towards the end of the film, the title track to the film, "Salween" is performed over scenes of the Salween River by Yuanyong Opakul singer of the popular Pleng phua cheewit ("songs for life") band, Carabao, rhapsodizing the river and the people that live along it.
Gunman series
Salween was also entitled Gunman 2 (, or Mue puen 2) as a followup to Chatrichalerm's 1983 film, Gunman. However, aside from the presence of Sorapong Chatree, who starred in the earlier film, as well as Ron Rittichai, the stories and characters of the two films have no relation, so Salween is a sequel to Gunman in name only.
DVD
A DVD of the film was released in Thailand on an all-region PAL disc with English subtitles by the Mangpong video retail chain.
External links
1994 films
Thai films
Thai-language films
1990s action drama films
Thai war films
Films with screenplays by Stirling Silliphant
Films directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol
1994 drama films
St Paul's Church, Bordesley Green is a Grade A locally listed parish church in the Church of England in Birmingham.
History
The church was founded as a mission church from St Margaret's Church, Ward End in 1911 for the Ideal Village which was being constructed in Bordesley Green. A red brick building was constructed in 1913, and was consecrated in 1929.
In 1969, a long-awaited large church was built at the same site to the designs of the architect John P Osborne. In 1999, this was beautifully reordered to form a multi-purpose building which is used both for worship and as a Conference Centre with meeting rooms and offices. The present building offers a stimulating environment under a low pitch copper felt roof. The trapezoidal plan tapers symmetrically from West to East. Stained glass windows by Margaret Trehearne were installed. The chapel sheds beautiful light through the red and blue stained glass.
The mission church was reordered in 1993 and now houses a purpose designed and Ofsted Outstanding Day Nursery, serving the local community.
The associated Crossover Charity operating from 619 Bordesley Green provides a Resource Centre serving the community and contributing to well-being through support for unemployed people and many others projects.
Organ
The organ was removed prior to reorganisation in 1999. One of the musicians who played the organ in his youth is Roger Jones, leader of CMM - Christian Music Ministries.
External links
St Paul's Nursery School
St Paul's Centre Conference & Meeting Facilities
Crossover (charity's website)
References
Church of England church buildings in Birmingham, West Midlands
Churches completed in 1968
20th-century Church of England church buildings
The Húsavík Eurovision Song Contest Exhibition (commonly referred to as the Eurovision Museum) is a museum exhibition located on the ground floor of the Cape Hotel in the town of Húsavík, Iceland. The exhibition tells the story of the Eurovision Song Contest and of the 2020 Netflix film Eurovision Song Contest: The Story of Fire Saga, that was set and filmed in Húsavík.
The museum project was first announced in July 2020 by the Mayor of Húsavík during a radio interview following the release of the film. The museum is run by the local Exploration Museum with permission from the European Broadcasting Union and Netflix. It displays outfits and instruments from the song contest, as well as costumes and props from the film.
Exhibitions
The museum consists of three main exhibition spaces. The first exhibition tells the story of Iceland in the Eurovision Song Contest, displaying the outfits of the several of the countries contestants over the years. This included Iceland's first entry Gleðibankinn from 1986. The second exhibition tells the story of the Eurovision Song Contest and how it has defined Europe over 7 decades. The third exhibition space features props and costumes from the Netflix movie. In addition, a small space near the exit tells the story of Húsavík's campaign to win a 2021 Academy Award for a song featured in the film and named after the town.
Gallery
See also
Eurovision Song Contest
Eurovision Song Contest: The Story of Fire Saga
European Broadcasting Union
References
Eurovision Song Contest
Museums established in 2021
Museums in Iceland
History museums
Music museums
Húsavík
The women's 70 kg (154 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second heaviest of the female Light-Contact tournaments being the equivalent of the heavyweight division when compared to the Low-Kick and K-1 weight classes. There were eight women taking part in the competition, all based in Europe. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
The tournament was won by Poland's Agnieszka Poltorak who defeated Swede Karin Edenius in the final by split decision. Dianna Cameron from the United Kingdom and Nikolina Juricev from Croatia claimed bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Fathi Jamal (born 11 February 1959, in Casablanca) is a Moroccan former footballer, who played most of his career for Raja Casablanca, JSM Laayoune and Kawkab Marrakech. After retiring as a player, he coached many teams, most notably Morocco's youth team that finished 4th at the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship. He also coached Morocco's senior team in 2008 and Kawkab Marrakech afterwards.
In November 2011, Jamal was named head coach of FAR Rabat and took over the helm of Widad Fez in June 2013. He currently works as the scout of national team.
References
Moroccan footballers
Raja CA players
Moroccan football managers
Sportspeople from Casablanca
Morocco national football team managers
Living people
1959 births
Raja CA managers
Kawkab Marrakech players
Association footballers not categorized by position
AS FAR (football) managers
Kawkab Marrakech managers
Botola managers
Kevin Koetters (born September 11, 1968, in Quincy, Illinois) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who spent most of his career in the U.S. indoor leagues as well as one with the Kansas City Wiz in Major League Soccer, one in the American Professional Soccer League and one in the USISL.
Koetters attended Rockhurst University, where he was a 1989 second-team NAIA All-American. In 1990, he played for the Colorado Foxes in the American Professional Soccer League. In 1991, he signed with the Kansas City Attack in the National Professional Soccer League. He remained with the Attack through the 1998–1999 season. During these years, Koetters would play for the Attack during the winter, then spend time with other teams during the summer season. In 1993, he played for the San Diego Sockers of the Continental Indoor Soccer League. In February 1996, the Kansas City Wiz selected Koetters in the 12th round (116th overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He saw time in 15 games before being released at the end of the season. In 1997, he played for the Rochester Rhinos in the USISL. He then played one game for the Detroit Rockers during the 1999-2000 NPSL season. In 2000, he signed with the St. Louis Steamers in the World Indoor Soccer League. He also played the 2001 season with them. He played for the Kansas City Comets of the Major Indoor Soccer League from 2001 to 2002.
In 2005, he became the head coach of Gardner Edgerton High School.
References
External links
St. Louis Steamers player profile
1968 births
Living people
American soccer players
American Professional Soccer League players
American soccer coaches
Colorado Foxes players
Continental Indoor Soccer League players
Detroit Rockers players
Kansas City Attack players
Kansas City Comets (2001–2005 MISL) players
Sporting Kansas City players
National Professional Soccer League (1984–2001) players
Sportspeople from Quincy, Illinois
Soccer players from Illinois
Rochester New York FC players
USISL players
World Indoor Soccer League players
Major League Soccer players
Association football midfielders
Macau sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7–18 September 2016. This was the territory's eighth time competing at a Summer Paralympic Games since it debuted at the 1988 Summer Paralympics. The Macanese delegation to Rio consisted of one athlete, 18-year old swimmer Chen Yu Chia, who qualified for the Games by being granted a wild card place from the International Paralympic Committee in August 2016. His best finish was 17th in the men's 200 metre freestyle S14 tournament, and his other result was 19th in the men's 200 metre individual medley SM14.
Background
Macau, a Special Administrative Region of China since December 1999, first joined Paralympic competition at the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, South Korea. Macau does not compete in the Olympic Games under its own flag as the territory's National Olympic Committee is not recognised by the International Olympic Committee, but has entered some international organisations and games such as the Asian Games as a separate entity. The territory has participated in every Summer Paralympics since, but have never participated in the Winter Paralympics. Macau has yet to win any medals at the Paralympic Games. Rio de Janeiro was the territory's eighth appearance at a Summer Paralympics. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. The Macau-China Recreation and Sports Association for the Disabled sent one competitor to the Games, swimmer Chen Yu Chia. He was accompanied by his coach Siu Yu Ning and the team's chef de mission Cheong Kuai Hong. Wheelchair fencer In I Lao, who represented Macau at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, fell and broke her arm during training and did not make the delegation. Chen was selected as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Swimming
Chen Yu Chia was 18 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics, and these Paralympics were his second significant international competition, after the 2014 Asian Para Games. He has an intellectual disability and is classified S14 in swimming. Chen qualified for the Games because the International Paralympic Committee granted him a wild card place in August 2016. On 11 September, he competed in the men's 200 metre freestyle S14 tournament and was assigned heat two. Chen completed the heat in sixth and last position with a new personal best time of two minutes and 12.11 seconds. This put him 17th and last overall and he did not progress to the final since only the eight overall fastest swimmers made that stage of the competition. Six days later, Chen participated in the men's 200 metre individual medley SM14. Drawn into the second heat by organisers, he came six out of seven athletes, with another personal best time of two minutes and 32.26 seconds. Chen's competition ended at the qualification round since only the fastest eight swimmers advanced to the final and he was 19th overall.
Men
See also
Macau at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Macau sport
