The Edward R. Murrow College of Communication is a college of Washington State University (WSU) named in honor of one of WSU's most famous alumni, Edward R. Murrow. The college was launched July 1, 2008. Previously it was the Edward R. Murrow School of Communication housed in the College of Liberal Arts. The Murrow College offers undergraduate sequences in Communication & Society, Journalism & Media Production, and Strategic Communication. The College offers emphases in Communication, Technology, & Social Influence and Media & Health Promotion at the graduate level. The Murrow College currently has 35 faculty, 584 undergraduate students and 30 graduate students.
History
The Department of Communication was formed in 1964 from the merger of the Department of Journalism and the Broadcasting sequence from the Department of Speech. Robert A. Mott was the founding chair. The initial areas of emphasis at the undergraduate level were Newspaper Editorial, Radio & Television, Radio & Television News, and Media Management. In 1973, the Department began an association with WSU alumnus Edward R. Murrow, with the Murrow Communications Center opening as the home of the department and the first annual Edward R. Murrow Symposium being held, bringing Eric Sevareid, Henry Loomis, and Harry S. Ashmore to the WSU campus. This began a tradition of bringing prominent media figures to campus each year, a trend that ultimately became the awarding of the Edward R. Murrow Award.
The 1980s saw a period of rapid growth for the Department. Under the guidance of Professors Glenn Johnson and W. Neal Robison, the Department began a weekly television newscast in 1980. This would be the origins of what was to become Cable 8 Productions, an entirely student-run television channel, launched in 1986. Meanwhile, the Department strengthened its academic offerings by the 1983 merger between the Departments of Communication and Speech Communication, which allowed the Department to begin offering a graduate degree in Communication. The Department granted its first M.A. degree in 1985. In 1986, Dr. Alexis S. Tan joined as chair and led efforts to have the Department designated as the Edward R. Murrow School of Communication, with the new title approved by the WSU Board of Regents in 1990. Into the twenty-first century, the School began offering a Ph.D. in Communication in 2002 and separated from the College of Liberal Arts in 2008, becoming an independent College of Communication. Dr. Lawrence Pintak, a veteran of more than 30 years in journalism and a prominent expert on America's relationship with the Muslim world, was hired as the Founding Dean of the new College.
College leaders
Chairs of the Department of Communication
Robert A. Mott, 1965–1968
Hugh A. Rundell, 1968–1970
Donald E. Wells, 1970–1977
Thomas Heuterman, 1977–1983
James Van Leuven & Robert Ivie (Interim), 1983
Thomas Heutermin, 1983–1986
Alexis S. Tan, 1986–1990
Directors of the Edward R. Murrow School of Communication
Alexis S. Tan, 1990–2006
Erica Weintraub Austin (Interim), 2006–2009
Deans of the Edward R. Murrow College of Communication
Erica Weintraub Austin (Interim), 2008–2009
Lawrence Pintak, 2009–2015
Bruce Pinkleton (Acting/Interim, 2016–2018), 2018–present
Murrow Center for Media and Health Promotion
The Murrow Center for Media and Health Promotion is a health communication and media research center housed in the College. It was launched July 1, 2009 by founders Erica Austin, PhD and Bruce Pinkelton, PhD. The center's emphases is research in health communication and health promotion including study of youth and young adults. The Murrow Center for Media and Health Promotion currently has 12 faculty-research members and 8 graduate student-research members.
Notable alumni
Cindy Brunson (1996, Broadcasting)
Kathi Goertzen (1980, Broadcasting)
Keith Jackson (1954, Speech Communication)
Gary Larson (1972, Communication)
Edward R. Murrow (1930, Speech Communication)
Student media
Cable 8 Productions is a local student-operated cable TV channel serving WSU and the Pullman-Moscow area.
KZUU 90.7 FM, a non-commercial college radio station, is a service of ASWSU. It gained FCC approval in 1979.
KUGR Cougar College Radio is a student-operated, online radio station.
The Edward R. Murrow Symposium
Virtually every spring since 1973, the College of Communication at Washington State University has hosted the Edward R. Murrow Symposium, an event that brings prominent media figures to the WSU Pullman campus to discuss contemporary issues facing the communication professions and offers current students the opportunity to interact with and seek valuable advice from alumni and communication professionals from across the state of Washington and beyond. Since 1997, the College has presented the Edward R. Murrow Award to members of the communication industry who exemplify a commitment to excellence and integrity emblematic of Murrow's career and legacy.
The Edward R. Murrow Award recipients
1997, Sam Donaldson, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcasting
1998, Frank Blethen, for Lifetime Achievement in Journalism
1998, Walter Cronkite, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcasting
1998, Moriyoshi Saito, for International and Intercultural Communication
1999, Al Neuharth, for Lifetime Achievement in Journalism
1999, Keith Jackson, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcasting
2000, Ted Turner, for Lifetime Achievement in Communications
2001, Bernard Shaw, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcasting
2002, Sir Howard Stringer, for International and Intercultural Communication
2002, Christiane Amanpour, for Distinguished Achievement in Broadcasting
2002, Daniel Schorr, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcasting
2003, Daniel Pearl, for Distinguished Achievement in Journalism
2004, Peter Jennings, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcasting
2006, Tom Brokaw, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcasting
2007, David Fanning and FRONTLINE, for Distinguished Achievement in Journalism
2008, Don Hewitt, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcast Journalism
2009, Bob Schieffer, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcast Journalism
2009, Helen Thomas, for Lifetime Achievement in Journalism
2010, Deborah Amos, for Lifetime Achievement/Radio
2010, Judy Woodruff, for Lifetime Achievement/Television
2011, Ted Koppel, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcast Journalism
2012, Dan Rather, for Lifetime Achievement in Broadcast Journalism
2014, The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, for Distinguished Achievement
2015, Clarissa Ward, for Distinguished Achievement in Journalism
References
External links
Washington State University
Journalism schools in the United States
Gaming Show (In My Parents' Garage) is a Canadian television series that airs on Family Chrgd.
The show won a Canadian Screen Award nominee for Best Children's or Youth Non-Fiction Program at the 3rd Canadian Screen Awards in 2015.
The show was filmed in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Premise
The show is about three teenagers, Jesse, Julia, and Ian, who run a gaming show in Jesse's parents' garage. Each teen goes through a very different experience which involves learning about the world of video gaming (example: how sound is put into a game). They also interact with notable people from the video game industry and learn about their work. On occasion, they get to hang out with video game characters too (example: Mario). Depending on the episode, one of the teens try to prove to the other one's mistake in the consequence they are presently involved in. In the end, the other learns about his/her day and they all agree to have fun.
Hosts
Jesse Sukunda
Julia Schwartz
Ian Duchene
Guest Stars
Justin A Watkins (Thinknoodles)
Daniel Middleton (TheDiamondMinecart)
'Weird Al' Yankovic
Cast of Pixels
Tyrell Coleman (NAKAT)
Richard King Jr (Keitaro)
Ian D'sa and Aaron Solowoniuk of Billy Talent
Colin Mochrie
References
External links
Canadian children's comedy television series
2014 Canadian television series debuts
2010s Canadian children's television series
2010s Canadian comedy television series
Television series about teenagers
Television series by DHX Media
UNAP may refer to:
Universidad Nacional del Altiplano de Puno (1856).
United Nurses and Allied Professionals
Universidad Nacional de la Amazonía Peruana (1961).
Universidad Arturo Prat (1984).
Amit Jogi (born 7 August 1977) is an Indian politician.
Early life
Jogi is the son of former Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh Ajit Jogi. He was supposedly an Indian citizen by birth, and became a naturalised Indian citizen in July 2004 or 2002. His date and place of birth are unclear due to the fact that he provided documents with contradictory information. However, at a later point, he stated his date of birth to be 7 August 1977, and his place of birth to be Dallas, United States. "I can't help where I was born... I was born in Dallas, USA, in 1977 and I was nationalized by LK Advani in 2002.
Jogi is a 1998 graduate of St. Stephen's College, Delhi, has an MA in Politics and International Studies, from Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi, and an LLB from Pandit Ravishankar Shukla University, Raipur (2009).
Career
He became a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) representing Marwahi (Vidhan Sabha Constituency, Chhattisgarh) in 2013 Assembly Elections. He defeated the Bharatiya Janata Party candidate by the highest margin in the state: 46,250 votes.
He was said to have been involved in an operation of bribing Dilip Singh Judeo in 2003. This is per the statement given by Central Bureau of Investigation in Supreme Court of India in 2005
On 23 July 2011, Amit Jogi was attacked by a mob while campaigning for Tanya Solomon, the Indian National Congress (INC) candidate for the Jabera (Vidhan Sabha constituency) by-poll in Madhya Pradesh. Solomon is the daughter of the late Ratnesh Solomon who was a five time MLA from the Jabera constituency, and Ajit Jogi's brother-in-law.
The INC expelled Jogi on 7 January 2017, for six years for indulging in anti-party activities. Jogi later said he would challenge his expulsion as the party is not anybody's bapoti (personal property).
On 2 March 2017, the Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly passed a censure motion against Jogi for "unparliamentary" behavior.
Chhattisgarh Janata Congress
Chhattisgarh Janata Congress was founded by Ajit Jogi, after Jogi and his son Amit were expelled from INC for anti-party activities and for sabotaging Antagarh by-poll elections. Amit was expelled for six years.
Ajit Jogi launched a party in Thathapur village of Kawardha district and directly challenged Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh.
References
Living people
Naturalised citizens of India
Indian National Congress politicians
Chhattisgarh MLAs 2013–2018
Janta Congress Chhattisgarh politicians
1977 births
David Adams Hollingsworth (November 21, 1844 – December 3, 1929) was an American lawyer and Civil War veteran who served three terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio in the early 20th century.
Early life and career
Born in Belmont, Ohio, Hollingsworth moved with his parents to Flushing, Ohio.
He attended the public schools. He was a private in Company B, 25th Ohio Infantry Regiment of the Union Army from 1861 to 1863. He studied law at Mount Union College, Alliance, Ohio. He was admitted to the bar in St. Clairsville, Ohio, on September 17, 1867, and commenced practice in Flushing.
Political career
He served as mayor of Flushing in 1867.
He moved to Cadiz, Ohio, in 1869 and continued the practice of law.
Hollingsworth was elected prosecuting attorney of Harrison County in 1873 and reelected in 1875.
He served as member of the State senate in 1879 and reelected in 1881.
He was admitted to practice before the United States Supreme Court in 1880.
He served as chairman of the Republican State convention in 1882.
On April 21, 1883, he resigned as Senator to accept appointment as Ohio Attorney General. He did not run for re-election and served until January 14, 1884.
He resumed the practice of law in Cadiz.
He was one of the organizers of the Ohio State Bar Association, serving as chairman in 1908.
Congress
Hollingsworth was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-first Congress (March 4, 1909 – March 3, 1911).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1910 to the Sixty-second Congress.
He resumed the practice of law in Cadiz.
Hollingsworth was elected to the Sixty-fourth and Sixty-fifth Congresses (March 4, 1915 – March 3, 1919).
He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1918.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law until his death in Cadiz, Ohio, December 3, 1929.
He was interred in Cadiz Cemetery.
Personal life
He was married April 8, 1875, to Linda McBean of Cadiz. She had two sons, Henry, and Donald, who died in early childhood. Hollingsworth was a Mason, Elk, Knight of Pythias, Methodist, and member of the Grand Army of the Republic.
Sources
External links
Further reading
1844 births
1929 deaths
People from Cadiz, Ohio
People from Belmont, Ohio
Ohio Attorneys General
Ohio state senators
University of Mount Union alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army soldiers
People from Flushing, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The 2009 Norwegian Football Cup was the 104th season of the Norwegian annual knockout football tournament. The competition started with two qualifying rounds on 13 April and 22 April, and the final was held on 8 November. The defending champions were Vålerenga.
The winners of the Cup, Aalesund, could call themselves Champions of Norway, and qualified for the third qualifying round of the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League.
Calendar
First round
The match-ups were selected by the association on 28 April, the matches were played on 9–10 May and 13 May.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|9 May 2009
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|10 May 2009
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|13 May 2009
|}
Second round
The match-ups were selected by the association on 14 May, the matches were played on 24 May, 27–28 May and 4 June.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|24 May 2009
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|27 May 2009
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|28 May 2009
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|4 June 2009
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|10 June 2009
|}
Third round
The match-ups were selected by the association on 5 June, the matches were played on 17–18 June.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|17 June 2009
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|18 June 2009
|}
Fourth round
This round consists of the 16 winners from the previous round. The eight matches will be played on 5, 8 and 9 July.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|5 July 2009
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|8 July 2009
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|9 July 2009
|}
Quarter-finals
The matches were played on 8–9 August.
Semi-finals
The matches were drawn on 10 August, with former Prime Minister, Kjell Magne Bondevik, drawing the first team. The team he drew were Molde, which is his favourite and hometown team. The matches are scheduled to be played on 23–24 September.
Final
References
External links
Official website
Norwegian Football Cup seasons
Cup
Norway
Restoration is a novel by author Olaf Olafsson.
Synopsis
A sweeping story of love tested by the terrors and tragedies of war set in the gorgeous hills of Tuscany in the 1940s.
Having grown up in an exclusive circle of British ex-pats in Florence in the 1920s, Alice shocks everyone when she marries Claudio, the son of a minor landowner, and moves to San Martino, a crumbling villa in Tuscany. Settling into their new paradise, husband and wife begin to build their future, restoring San Martino and giving birth to a son.
But as time passes, Alice grows lonely, a restlessness that leads her into a heady social swirl of wartime Rome and a reckless affair that will have devastating consequences. While she spends time with her lover in Rome, Alice's young son falls ill and dies, widening the emotional chasm between her and her husband—and leaving her vulnerable to the machinations of a nefarious art dealer who ensnares her in a dangerous and deadly scheme.
Returning to San Martino, Alice yearns for forgiveness. But before she can begin to make amends, Claudio disappears, and the encroaching fighting threatens to destroy everything they have built. Caught between loyalists and resisters, cruel German forces and desperate Allied troops, Alice valiantly struggles to survive, hoping the life and love she lost can one day be restored.
Critical reception
"Restoration is an elegantly constructed work of fiction, seamlessly moving between the past and the present, but what makes Olafsson's novel so compelling is his empathy and compassion for Alice Orsini, a woman trying to redeem her life in a country ravaged by war." —Ron Rash, bestselling author of Serena and The Cove
References
External links
Olaf Olafsson's official website
Harper Collins
Icelandic novels
2011 novels
Novels set in Tuscany
Fiction set in the 1940s
Icelandic-language novels
Icelandic books
James Paul Stelfox (born 23 March 1976 in Warrington, England) is an English musician, best known as the bassist for Starsailor. Stelfox produced Kingsway's debut EP with John Kettle.
Biography
Stelfox first met Ben Byrne ten years prior to Starsailor forming. They became friends since junior school and they went to Leigh Campus of Wigan and Leigh College, where they finally met Barry Westhead and James Walsh.
Stelfox and Byrne started playing in the north west of England for a number of years. After their singer fell ill, James Walsh decided to join them (before, he was on a school choir).
Stelfox's musically influenced by Neil Young, Paul McCartney and Massive Attack.
See also
Kai Stephens
References
English bass guitarists
English male guitarists
Male bass guitarists
English rock guitarists
People from Warrington
Living people
1976 births
Starsailor (band) members
21st-century bass guitarists
21st-century British male musicians
Conomedusites was a creature from the Ediacaran biota. The Ediacaran period ranged from 635 to 539 million years ago. Its fossil was first discovered in 1966 by Martin F. Glaessner and Mary Wade in South Australia. Conomedusites is believed to have been part of the phylum Cnidaria due to its similar structure to jellyfish and other cnidarians, but this is not known for certain. Conomedusites is thought to have been a stationary osmotroph.
Morphology, anatomy, and behavior
Conomedusites is a tetraradial fossil, meaning that its body has four lobes. Conomedusites are described as a small convex body made up of four nearly equal lobes that are divided by sharpy defined grooves that deepen outwards, separating the lobes at the periphery, or above a broad, distorted, marginal flange with an entire margin. The four radial grooves are interpreted to be septal folds of the theca. Between the folds the peripheral margin is lobate, but in some specimens, particularly larger specimens, there is a tendency for further indentations to appear between the septal grooves so that there are eight lobes total. Each of these lobes are approximately equal. Some are even described to have a fringe of tentacles extending beyond the thecal margin. It is the only known medusoid fossil to display tetraradial symmetry and was soft bodied. The body is small and convex with grooves. The holotype has a diameter of 21-22mm and a height of 1-5mm. There is information on the aboral side of this fossil, however not the oral side. ] It is hypothesized that Conomedusites were held up during their life by some sort of basal attachment in the sediment, as well as its buoyancy. These organisms appeared to live in communities, as many of the specimens occurred together in pairs on small rock slabs.
Method of fossilization
In South Australia, fossilized Conomedusites were found in the lower surfaces of quartzite slabs and were preserved as casts.
Distribution and paleoenvironment
The specimens were discovered in South Australia and are thought to have been deposited in a shallow marine environment, close to the shoreline. This location indicates that Conomedusites is an aquatic organism.
Other notable characteristics
Conomedusites is a cnidarian with a theca that takes the form of a low cone. It shares a lot of similarities with Conchopeltis alternata, which is from the Middle Ordovician. However, it is distinguished by the absence of fine radial striation, and the presence of indistinct coarse concentric rugosities. These two organisms share the similar tendency to have strong tetrameral symmetry with four main radial grooves that can also be split into eight grooves.
References
Ediacaran life
Enigmatic animal taxa
Fossil taxa described in 1966
Bülent Tüfenkci (born 1 January 1966) is a Turkish politician from the Justice and Development Party (AKP) was the Minister of Customs and Trade from 2015 in the third government of Ahmet Davutoğlu. He was also a Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Malatya since 7 June 2015. His surname is sometimes spelt 'Tüfekçi', without an 'n'.
Early life and career
Bülent Tüfenkci was born in Yeşilyurt, Malatya Province on 1 January 1966. He completed his primary education there and graduated from Yeşilyurt Imam Hatip school, before going on to study at the Ankara University Faculty of Law. After graduating from university in 1984, Tüfenkci completed a master's degree, specialising in customs law.
Political career
Tüfenkci participated in the establishment of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) Malatya branch, serving in numerous positions until 2011. He became the provincial President of the AKP's Malatya Branch in 2011, serving until 2015. He was elected as a Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Malatya in the June 2015 general election and was re-elected in the November 2015 general election.
Minister of Customs and Trade
After the AKP won a parliamentary majority in the November 2015 election, Tüfenkci was appointed as the Minister of Customs and Trade by Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutoğlu, who formed his third cabinet on 24 November 2015. His appointment was approved by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on the same day. He succeeded Cenap Aşçı, who has served as Customs and Trade Minister in the interim election government between 28 August and 17 November 2015. Ruhsar Pekcan took over in 2018.
See also
25th Parliament of Turkey
26th Parliament of Turkey
References
External links
MP profile on the Grand National Assembly website
Collection of all relevant news items at Haberler.com
Living people
1966 births
People from Yeşilyurt, Malatya
Deputies of Malatya
Members of the 25th Parliament of Turkey
Members of the 26th Parliament of Turkey
Members of the 64th government of Turkey
Members of the 65th government of Turkey
Justice and Development Party (Turkey) politicians
Ankara University alumni
Ministers of Customs and Trade of Turkey
Ola Bertelsen (10 October 1864 – 26 November 1946) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Liberal Left Party.
Born in Haugesund as the son of a bricklayer, he enrolled as a law student in 1883 and graduated as cand.jur. in 1888. He worked as an attorney in his hometown, before being appointed chief of police in 1911. In 1917 he was appointed estate administrator. Finally, from 1921 to 1934 he worked as district stipendiary magistrate (sorenskriver) of Karmsund.
He was a member of Haugesund city council from 1896 to 1898, later serving as mayor from 1904 to 1907. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1931–1933, representing the Market towns of Vest-Agder and Rogaland counties.
References
1864 births
1946 deaths
Deputy members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Rogaland
Free-minded Liberal Party politicians
20th-century Norwegian politicians
Norwegian jurists
People from Haugesund
"For Your Babies" is a song by British soul and pop band Simply Red. Written by Mick Hucknall, it was included on the band's forth album, Stars (1991), and reached number nine on the UK Singles Chart in February 1992. It also reached the top 20 in Ireland and the top 30 in Austria and Belgium. The track was included on the band's compilation albums, The Greatest Hits in 1996, Simply Red 25: The Greatest Hits in 2008 and Songs of Love in 2010. It was also featured on the band's acoustic album Simplified in a new version.
Critical reception
Larry Flick from Billboard wrote that here, Mick Hucknall "offers an unusually restrained and completely effective performance on this delicately arranged R&B gem." Randy Clark and Bryan DeVaney from Cashbox noted that the song "is set at a mellow, easy-listening pace. Following in the footsteps of their previous material, they have perfectly matched the above-average production with the soft-tone vocals." Writing for CultureSonar in 2018, Ellen Fagan said that Hucknall "was never more appealing than in this ballad of a proud dad serenading his little child with loving hopes for his future during the sleepless days of early parenthood. Hucknall had his first baby decades after this was written, so his ability to conjure up such a scenario is deliciously prescient." Diane Rufer and Ron Fell from the Gavin Report called it "the ultimate Mother's Day record delivered with loving sentimentality by Mr. Hucknall."
Pan-European magazine Music & Media described it as a "very gentle, vulnerable pop ballad, thoughtfully arranged and featuring some fine Spanish acoustic guitar licks." A reviewer from Music Week stated that "an uncluttered and pretty ballad with no hiding place, it certainly draws a fine performance from Hucknall, full of nuances and pure, clear phrasing. A smash." musicOMH declared it as a "perfect romantic ballad". Newcastle Journal deemed it as a "honest ballad". People Magazine noted that Hucknall's singing "is still the hook in Simply Red's music, sliding gently in a pillow-soft upper register." Pop Rescue wrote that it is "a wonderfully gentle track, laden with piano, bass, and acoustic guitar", adding that the singer "takes a leisurely stroll through the lyrics." Karla Peterson from The Press-Courier viewed it as "a tender tribute to parenthood in times of trouble". Johnny Dee from Smash Hits called it a "soulful, smoochy track".
Music video
A music video was produced to promote the single, directed by British commercial, film and music video director Andrew Morahan.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
1991 songs
1992 singles
Black-and-white music videos
East West Records singles
Music videos directed by Andy Morahan
Pop ballads
Simply Red songs
Song recordings produced by Mick Hucknall
Songs written by Mick Hucknall
William Lyne Crawford (January 23, 1839 - February 17, 1920) was an American Confederate veteran, criminal lawyer and politician. He was "considered the leading criminal lawyer in Texas."
Biography
William Crawford was born to Jeptha and Catherine Crawford in Clay County, Kentucky. The family moved to Texas in 1843.
During the American Civil War of 1861–1865, he served as a colonel in the Confederate States Army.
As a member of the Constitutional Convention of Texas held in 1875, Crawford succeeded in having a clause inserted in the constitution providing for the popular election of all judges. Years later he stated that it was a great mistake; that they should have been appointed.
He served as a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1892 to 1893.
References
1839 births
1920 deaths
People from Dallas
Confederate States Army officers
Texas Democrats
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
Texas lawyers
People from Clay County, Kentucky
19th-century American lawyers
Military personnel from Texas
Marisol Malaret Contreras (born October 13, 1949) is a Puerto Rican
television host, model and beauty queen. In 1970 she was the first Puerto Rican woman and Caribbean woman to be crowned Miss Universe.
Biography
She started to work from an early age due to the death of her father and chronic illness of her mother. She was reportedly persuaded by Puerto Rican make-up artist Carmen Andino to compete in the Miss Puerto Rico pageant, then owned by Puerto Rican modeling guru and businesswoman Anna Santisteban. Malaret's strong will, impeccable ethics and stunning beauty made her a crowd favorite in the local contest. Before winning, she worked as an executive secretary in the Puerto Rico Telephone Company.
She has one brother, Jesús and five half-siblings, Joseph, Alicia, Rita, Antonio, and Raul. Her parents are Lydia Contreras and José Antonio Malaret.
She has been married three times. First to former male model Butch James, and the second, to musician Corky Stroman, with whom she has her only child, daughter, Sasha. The third marriage was to Cuban-born engineer Frank Cué.
Miss Universe 1970
The auburn-haired, blue-green eyed Malaret won the title on July 11, 1970, at the Miami Beach Auditorium in Miami Beach, Florida.
Due to her win in the Miss Universe pageant, she was honored with what was considered until then one of the biggest welcomings ever at San Juan's Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport, then known as Isla Verde International Airport. The New York Times reported that "50,000 turned out in San Juan to honor a Queen."
Malaret's face has graced the covers of countless international and Puerto Rican entertainment and gossip magazines, such as Vea, Teve Guía, Artistas, Estrellas and its smaller version Estrellitas. She has participated in many advertising campaigns, and performs occasionally as a motivational speaker to young women and aspiring business leaders.
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
French immigration to Puerto Rico
List of television presenters
History of women in Puerto Rico
References
External links
}}
1949 births
Living people
Miss Puerto Rico winners
Miss Universe 1970 contestants
Miss Universe winners
People from Utuado, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican beauty pageant winners
Puerto Rican female models
Puerto Rican people of French descent
OTI Festival presenters
Al Joumhouria () is a Lebanese daily newspaper founded in 1924.
History
After its founding in 1924, Al Joumhouria ceased publication for an extended period. At attempt at resuming in 1985 was not completed because of the Lebanese Civil War. A second, by owner and editor Elias Murr in 2005, was halted when a failed assassination attempt left Murr with serious injuries. Finally the paper was published on 28 February 2011, the first issue since the initial cessation of publication. Its release was accompanied by a significant advertising campaign featuring the paper's motto, "when silence became betrayal, Al Joumhouria spoke."
Content
The paper is organized into sections: Local and international news, business, arts, science, health, style, culture, sports, technology, and religion; over 32 color pages. It is also available on for iPad—making Al Joumhouria the first Lebanese Arabic newspaper with an iPad application—and e-reader devices.
Leading caricaturist Pierre Sadek worked for the daily until his death in April 2013.
Pan Arab
In 2015 it was announced that Al Joumhouria Newscorp Group would launch its Pan Arab News, marrying innovation and creativity with use smart technologies to offer its users a unique experience.
With more than 500 reporters in the Arab World, Al Joumhouria Pan Arab would have headquarters in Beirut, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Egypt as well as accredited delegates in all the countries members of Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC). Pan Arab News will tackle Middle East news as well as the latest events in the Persian Gulf region.
Moreover, Bloomberg Businessweek Middle East editor Roger Field held an interview with Elias El Murr, during which he announced the aim at launching a pan-Arab newspaper this year.
Website
Al Joumhouria.com is a leading news website in Lebanon and the Arab World covering local, regional and international news. The website was highly awarded in Lebanese and the Arab world.
Al Joumhouria.com has developed a mobile application for Apple, Windows phone, Windows 8, Android and Blackberry users, and was the first to send breaking news as push notifications in Arabic.
References
1924 establishments in Lebanon
Arabic-language newspapers
Newspapers published in Beirut
Newspapers established in 1924
Daily newspapers published in Lebanon
Mount Holmboe () is a mountain, high, standing north of Mount Liavaag and northwest of Mount Weems near the extreme north end of the Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica. It was discovered by Lincoln Ellsworth on his trans-Antarctic flight of November 23, 1935, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Dr. Jørgen Holmboe, a meteorologist on Ellsworth's Antarctic expedition of 1933–34.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
1944 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 38th water polo championship in Hungary. There were eleven teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1944 in water polo
1944 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
In Islam, Friday prayer or Congregational prayer (, ) is a prayer (ṣalāt) that Muslims hold every Friday, after noon instead of the Zuhr prayer. Muslims ordinarily pray five times each day according to the sun's sky path regardless of time zones. Jumu'ah means Friday in the Arabic language. In many Muslim countries, the weekend is inclusive of Fridays, while in others, Fridays are half-days for schools and some workplaces.
Meaning
It is one of the most exalted Islamic rituals and one of its confirmed obligatory acts.
Obligation
There is consensus among Muslims regarding the Friday prayer (salat al-jum‘ah) being wajib - required - in accordance with the Quranic verse, as well as the many traditions narrated both by Shi'i and Sunni sources. According to the majority of Sunni schools and some Shiite jurists, Friday prayer is a religious obligation, but their differences were based on whether its obligation is conditional to the presence of the ruler or his deputy in it or if it is wajib unconditionally. The Hanafis and the Twelver Imamis believe that the presence of the ruler or his deputy is necessary; the Friday prayer is not obligatory if neither of them is present. The Imamis require the ruler to be just (‘adil); otherwise his presence is equal to his absence. To the Hanafis, his presence is sufficient even if he is not just. The Shafi‘is, Malikis and Hanbalis attach no significance to the presence of the ruler.
Moreover, it has been stated that Jum'ah is not obligatory for old men, children, women, slaves, travellers, the sick, blind and disabled, as well as those who are outside the limit of two farsakhs.
In Islamic texts
Quran
It is mentioned in the Quran:
Hadith
Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj an-Naysaburi relates that the Islamic prophet Muhammad used to read Surah 87 (Al-Ala) and Surah 88, (Al-Ghashiya), in Eid Prayers and also in Friday prayers. If one of the festivals fell on a Friday, Muhammad would have made sure to read these two Surahs in the prayers.
Muhammad is quoted as saying "The best day the sun rises over is Friday; on it Allah created Adam. On it, he was made to enter paradise, on it he was expelled from it, and the Last Hour will take place on no other day than Friday." [Ahmad and at-Tirmithi].
Aws ibn Aws, narrated that Muhammad said: “Whoever performs Ghusl on Friday and causes (his wife) to do ghusl, then goes early to the mosque and attends from the beginning of the Khutbah and draws near to the Imam and listens to him attentively, Allah will give him the full reward of fasting all the days of a year and observing night-vigil on each of its nights for every step that he took towards the mosque.” [Ibn Khuzaymah, Ahmad].
There are many hadiths reported on the significance of Jum'ah. The Prophet has been reported saying:
"The Jum'ah is the pilgrimage of the poor".
"Whoever misses three Jum'ah, being indifferent to them, Allah seals his heart".
It has been related from Ahmad that the Prophet said: “A worshipper who washes fully on Friday then comes to Salatul Jum'ah in the early time, then listens to the Imam's speeches and does not do anything wrong, Allah will grant this worshipper the reward of one year of fasting and prayer.
“Any Muslim who dies during the day or night of Friday will be protected by Allah from the trial of the grave.” [At-Tirmithi and Ahmad].
Also, hadith related by Al-Bukhari, quoted the Prophet saying that: "In the day of Friday, there exists an hour that if a worshipper asks from Allah, anything he wishes in this hour, Allah will grant it and does not reject it, as long as he or she did not wish for bad".
"Friday has 12 hours, one of which is hour where dua are granted for Muslim believers. This hour is thought to be in the afternoon, after asr prayer".
In Sunni Islam
The Jum'ah prayer is half the Zuhr (dhuhr) prayer, for convenience, preceded by a khutbah (a sermon as a technical replacement of the two reduced rakaʿāt of the ordinary Zuhr (dhuhr) prayer), and followed by a congregational prayer, led by the imām. In most cases the khaṭīb also serves as the imam. Attendance is strictly incumbent upon all adult males who are legal residents of the locality. The muezzin (muʾadhdhin) makes the call to prayer, called the adhan, usually 15–20 minutes prior to the start of Jum'ah. When the khaṭīb takes his place on the minbar, a second adhan is made. The khaṭīb is supposed to deliver two sermons, stopping and sitting briefly between them. In practice, the first sermon is longer and contains most of the content. The second sermon is very brief and concludes with a dua, after which the muezzin calls the iqāmah. This signals the start of the main two rak'at prayer of Jum'ah.
In Shia Islam
In Shia Islam, Salat al-Jum'ah is Wajib Takhyiri (at the time of Occultation), which means that we have an option to offer Jum'ah prayers, if its necessary conditions are fulfilled, or to offer Zuhr prayers. Hence, if Salat al-Jum'ah is offered then it is not necessary to offer Zuhr prayer. It is also recommended by Shiite Scholars to attend Jum'ah as it will become Wajib after the appearance of Imam al-Mahdi and Jesus Christ (Isa).
Shiite (Imamite) attach high significance to the presence of a just ruler or his representative or Faqih and in the absence of a just ruler or his representative and a just faqih, there exists an option between performing either the Friday or the zuhr prayer, although preference lies with the performance of Friday prayer.
History
According to the history of Islam and the report from Abdullah bn 'Abbas narrated from the Prophet saying that: the permission to perform the Friday prayer was given by Allah before hijrah, but the people were unable to congregate and perform it. The Prophet wrote a note to Mus'ab b. Umair, who represented the Prophet in Madinah to pray two raka'at in congregation on Friday (that is, Jumu'ah). Then, after the migration of the Prophet to Medina, the Jumu'ah was held by him.
For Shiites, historically, their clergy discouraged Shiites from attending Friday prayers. According to them, communal Friday prayers with a sermon were wrong and had lapsed (along with several other religious practices) until the return of their 12th Imam, Muhammad al-Mahdi. However, among others, Shiite modernist Muhammad ibn Muhammad Mahdi al-Khalisi (1890–1963) demanded that Shiites should more carefully observe Friday prayers in a step to bridge the gap with Sunnis. Later, the practice of communal Friday prayers was developed, and became standard there-afterwards, by Ruhollah Khomeini in Iran and later by Mohammad Mohammad Sadeq al-Sadr in Iraq. They justified the practice under the newly promoted Guardianship of the Islamic Jurists doctrine. When al-Sadr installed Friday prayer imams in Shia-majority areas—a practice not traditional in Iraqi Shiism and considered "revolutionary, if not heretical"—it put him at odds with the Shia religious establishment in Najaf. Under both Khomeini and al-Sadr, political sermons would be heard.
Attendance rates
The communal prayers have higher compliance of worshipers, as compared to the non-communal ritual prayers. In Turkey for example, the ritual prayers are performed regularly by 14% of the whole adult population, whereas Friday prayers were regularly attended by 26% (25% responded that they sometimes attended and 19% that they didn't). However, these figures might not be accurate as many men in Turkey perform the Jum'ah prayers at the workplace and many boys perform the Jum'ah prayers at school.
According to surveys conducted by Iran's Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance, less than 1.4% of Iranians attend Friday prayers.
Conditions
An accurate Jum'ah was said to fulfill certain conditions, including the follows :
Friday prayer must be prayed in congregation.
It is valid to hold friday prayer with two or more persons, this is based on the Hadith of Tariq Ibn Shihab who reported that Muhammad said, “Al-Jumuah is an obligation (wajib) upon every Muslim in the community.” (An-Nasai). The scholars differ on how many people are required for performing Jumuah Prayer. The view believed to be the most correct is that Jumuah Prayer is valid if there are two or more people present. This is based on the Hadith in which the Prophet is reported to have said, “Two or more constitute a congregation.” (Ibn Majah). Imam Ash-Shawkani states, “The other Prayers are considered to be made in congregation if there are two people present. The same applies to Friday Prayer, unless there is a reason for it to be different. There is no evidence to show that [for the purpose of the congregation] its number should be larger than that for the other Prayers.”
According to a Shiite law, only one Friday prayer may be prayed in a radius of 3 miles (720 yards). If two prayers are held within this distance, the latter will be null and void.
There must be two sermons delivered by the Imam before the prayer and attentively listened to by at least 4 (or 6) persons".
Format
Khutbah Jum'ah
A talk or sermon delivered in mosques before the Friday prayer. The sermon consists of two distinct parts, between which the Khatib (speaker) must sit down for a short time of rest.
There should not be an undue interval or irrelevant action intervening between the sermon and the prayer. " It should preferably be in Arabic, especially the Qur'anic passage which has to be recited in the sermon. Otherwise, it should be given in the language understood by the majority of the faithful who are there. In this case the preacher should first recite in Arabic Qurʾānic verses praising God and Muhammad. "
According to the majority of Shiite and Sunni doctrine, the contents must contain the following: "
The praise and glorification of Allah.
Invocation of blessings on Muhammad and his progeny
Enjoining the participants Taqwa, admonition and exhortations.
Reciting short surah from Quran
Also, in addition to the above issues, the following were advised to be addressed in the second sermon:
What will be useful for all Muslims in this world and hereafter.
The important events all over the world in favor of or disfavor of Muslims.
Special attention should be paid to issues in the Muslim world.
Political and economical aspects of the society and worldwide.
Attendants must listen attentively to the sermon and avoid any action that might distract their attentions.
The Prophet Muhammad "has forbidden a person with his knees drawn up touching his abdomen while the imam is delivering the Friday sermon."
Jumu'ah prayer
Juum'ah prayer consists of two rak'ats prayer just like morning (fajr) prayer, offered immediately after Khutbah (sermon). And it is a replacement of Zuhr prayer.
According to Shiite doctrine it is advisable (Sunnat) to recite Surah al-Jum'ah in the first rak'at and Surah al-Munafiqun in the second rak'at, after Surah al-Hamd.
Qunut
According to Shi'ite doctrine, two qunut (raising one hands for supplication during salat) is especially recommended during salatul Jum'ah. The first Qunut is offered in the 1st rak'at before ruku' and the second is offered in the 2nd rak'at after rising from ruku'.
See also
Jumu'ah Mubarak
Church attendance
Shabath
Islamic calendar
References
External links
Photos: Shia, Sunni Muslims hold joint Friday Prayer in Marneuli, Georgia
Practical Rulings of Salat al-Jum'ah
Friday (Jum'ah) Prayer
Friday observances
Islamic calendar
Salah
Salah terminology
Sabbath
Moneyboys () is a 2021 Taiwanese-Austrian drama film written and directed by C.B.Yi (as his first feature film), and starring Kai Ko, Chloe Maayan, J.C. Lin, Bai Yufan and Sun Qiheng. In June 2021, the film was selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival. The film had been a theatrical release in Taiwan on November 19, 2021 distributed by Cola Film. It is now streaming on Mubi and available on Amazon Prime Video.
Synopsis
Fei works illegally as a hustler in order to support his family, yet when he realizes they are willing to accept his money but not his way of life, there is a major breakdown in their relations. Through his relationship to the headstrong Long, Fei seems able to find a new lease on life, but then he encounters Xiaolai, the love of his youth, who confronts him with the guilt of his repressed past.
Cast
Kai Ko as Liang Fei
Chloe Maayan as Lulu, Liang Hong/ Li Yu
Bai Yufan as Liang Long
JC Lin as Han Xiaolai
Sun Qiheng as Chen Wei
Zach Lu as Xiangdong
Daphne Low as Alian
Chen Mu as Guo Yong
Brando Huang as Client Zhang
Lin I-hsiung as Fei's grandfather
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2021 drama films
2021 films
2021 LGBT-related films
Austrian drama films
Austrian LGBT-related films
Mandarin-language films
Taiwanese drama films
Taiwanese LGBT-related films
LGBT-related drama films
Films about male prostitution
Likino-Dulyovo () is a town in Orekhovo-Zuyevsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located northeast of Moscow. Population:
The village of Dulyovo has grown around the Dulyovo porcelain works. The urban-type settlement of Likino-Dulyovo was formed in 1930 by merging the settlements of Likino and Dulyovo. Town status was granted to it in 1937. One of the town products, the LiAZ city bus, was universally known throughout the former Soviet Union.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is incorporated within Orekhovo-Zuyevsky District as the Town of Likino-Dulyovo. As a municipal division, the Town of Likino-Dulyovo is incorporated within Orekhovo-Zuyevsky Municipal District as Likino-Dulyovo Urban Settlement.
The town is home to the avant-garde porcelain factory workers' club designed by Konstantin Melnikov in 1930.
Twin towns and sister cities
Likino-Dulyovo is twinned with:
Aksaray, Turkey
Székesfehérvár, Hungary
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Official website of Likino-Dulyovo
Unofficial website of Likino-Dulyovo
Cities and towns in Moscow Oblast
Pokrovsky Uyezd
Pterostylis lineata, commonly known as the Blue Mountains leafy greenhood, is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to New South Wales. As with similar greenhoods, the flowering plants differ from those which are not flowering. The non-flowering plants have a rosette of leaves on a short stalk but the flowering plants lack a rosette and have up to seven dark green flowers with translucent "windows" on a flowering stem with stem leaves. The labellum is light brown with a black strip along its mid-line.
Description
Pterostylis lineata, is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber. Non-flowering plants have a rosette of between four and six leaves, each leaf long and wide on a stalk high. Flowering plants lack a rosette but have up to seven flowers on a flowering spike high with between four and seven stem leaves. The flowers are dark green with transparent sections and long and wide. The dorsal sepal and petals are joined to form a hood called the "galea" over the column. The lateral sepals turn downwards and are long, wide and joined for about half their length. The labellum is long, about wide and light brown with a blackish stripe along its mid-line. Flowering occurs from August to October.
Taxonomy and naming
The Blue Mountains leafy greenhood was first formally described in 2006 by David Jones who gave it the name Bunochilus lineatus. The description was published in Australian Orchid Research from a specimen collected near Woodford in the Blue Mountains. In 2010, Gary Backhouse changed the name to Pterostylis lineata. The specific epithet (lineata) is a Latin word meaning "marked with a linear line", referring to the markings on the labellum.
Distribution and habitat
Pterostylis lineata grows in moist soil in wet forest from the western side of the Blue Mountains to Lithgow and on the southern part of the Northern Tablelands.
References
lineata
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Plants described in 2006
Wenceslao Benitez Inglott OAX (30 April 1879 – 22 December 1954) was a distinguished Spanish navy officer, scientist, and engineer.
Biography
He was born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria on 30 April 1879, son of the lawyer Eduardo Benítez González and of Maria del Pino Inglott Navarro.
Benitez Inglott's early years were spent in the prestigious Colegio de San Agustín in Las Palmas, where he demonstrated an early interest in mathematics and astrophysics. When he was fourteen years of age he passed the entrance exams to enrol in the Spanish Navy with the highest marks.
He was commissioned into several navy ships after training. Between 1922-1925 Benitez Inglott commanded Dédalo, the first Spanish seaplane carrier, in the context of the Rif War. The ship sailed in 1924 towards Southampton to collect twelve Supermarine Sea Eagles flying boats purchased by the Spanish Navy to provide air support to the hard-pressed Spanish forces on the ground. Dédalo was to play a fundamental role in supporting the Alhucemas landing in September 1925; the first time in history that an amphibious landing was assisted by naval aviation.
On 19 October 1929 a Royal Order appointed Benítez Inglott director of the Spanish Naval Military Academy, position he would retain until immediately after the proclamation of the Second Spanish Republic in 1931. As the Academy's director Benítez Inglott was also appointed private tutor to the Infante Juan of Spain, son and heir to King Alfonso XIII of Spain, who was training there. On 14 April, following the Republic's proclamation, Benítez Inglott personally ensured that Crown Prince Juan safely joined the rest of his family in exile.
In 1940, upon Benítez Inglott's retirement, the Minister of the Navy recommended him to become honorary Counter Admiral of the Spanish Navy for his scientific and military achievements. He was also director (1940–1954) of the Real Instituto y Observatorio de la Armada, in San Fernando, where he had previously been deputy director. He taught in the Escuela de Guardias Marinas, de la Aplicación and of the Hydrographic Engineers. In April 1942 he was elected member of the Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences with medal number 5. His opening speech is entitled El Universo Sideral.
Benítez Inglott passed away on 22 December 1955, age 75, in San Fernando (Cádiz).
Awards and honours
Cross (White Decoration, 1st class) of Naval Merit (1911)
Cross (Red Decoration, 1st class) of Military Merit (1912)
Cross (Red Decoration, 1st class) of Naval Merit (1913)
Cross (White Decoration, 1st class) of Naval Merit (1919)
Cross (White Decoration, 2nd class) of Naval Merit (1926)
Grand Cross (White Decoration) of Naval Merit (1934)
Grand Cross of the Royal and Military Order of Saint Hermenegild (1943)
Grand Cross of the Civil Order of Alfonso X, the Wise (1955, posthumously)
As a token of royal appreciation on 23 January 1931 King Alfonso XIII appointed Benítez Inglott a Gentilhombre de Cámara con Ejercicio (Gentleman of the Bedchamber), taking oath of loyalty to the King at the Royal Palace of Madrid on 9 April 1931. It has been argued he was the last Gentilhombre of the Spanish Monarchy since this palatial honorary class was suppressed after the Second Spanish Republic was declared, being never re-created following the Restoration of the Spanish Monarchy in 1975.
An institute of secondary education in San Fernando is named after him and so are three streets: in his hometown, in San Fernando, and in Arinaga (Gran Canaria).
References
1879 births
1954 deaths
Hydrographers
Spanish engineers
Spanish naval officers
Spanish Navy
Spanish scientists
David Leonard Barnes (January 28, 1760 – November 3, 1812) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island and a party and attorney in the first United States Supreme Court decision, West v. Barnes (1791).
Education and career
Born on January 28, 1760, in Scituate, Province of Massachusetts Bay, British America, Barnes graduated from Harvard University in 1780 and read law in 1783. He entered private practice in Taunton, Massachusetts from 1783 to 1793. He continued private practice in Providence, Rhode Island from 1793 to 1802. He was United States Attorney for the District of Rhode Island from 1797 to 1801.
West v. Barnes
Barnes won the case of West v. Barnes (1791) representing himself and his wife's family after being admitted to the Supreme Court bar that morning.
Federal judicial service
Barnes received a recess appointment from President Thomas Jefferson on April 30, 1801, to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island vacated by Judge Benjamin Bourne. He was nominated to the same position by President Jefferson on January 6, 1802. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on January 26, 1802, and received his commission the same day. His service terminated on November 3, 1812, due to his death in Providence. He was interred at Swan Point Cemetery in Providence.
Family
Barnes married into the Jenckes family of Providence.
References
Sources
James R. Perry, The Documentary History of the Supreme Court of the United States, 1789-1800, Volume 6, "West v. Barnes," pp. 7–27. Google Book Search excerpt
Political Graveyard bio
External links
1760 births
1812 deaths
Harvard College alumni
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island
United States federal judges appointed by Thomas Jefferson
19th-century American judges
Burials at Swan Point Cemetery
People of colonial Rhode Island
United States federal judges admitted to the practice of law by reading law
United States Attorneys for the District of Rhode Island
The nanomorphic cell is a conception of an atomic-level, integrated, self-sustaining microsystem with five main functions: internal energy supply, sensing, actuation, computation and communication. Atomic level integration provides the ultimate functionality per unit volume for microsystems. The nanomorphic cell abstraction allows one to analyze the fundamental limits of attainable performance for nanoscale systems in much the same way that the Turing Machine and the Carnot Engine support such limit studies for information processing and heat engines respectively.
The nanomorphic cell concept is inspired by the trend, synergistic with semiconductor device scaling; to use these core technologies for diverse integrated system applications. This trend is called Functional Diversification and is characterized by the integration of non-CMOS devices such as sensors, actuators, energy sources etc. with traditional CMOS and other novel information processing devices. The multifunctional microsystems becomes morphic (literally means in the shape of ) because its architecture are defined by the specific application and the fundamental limits on volumetric system parameters.
The nanomorphic cell model was applied to analyze the capabilities of an autonomous integrated microsystem on the order of the size of a living cell, i.e. a cube of 10 micrometers on a side [1, 2]. The function of this microsystem is, for example, upon injection into the body, to interact with living cells, e.g. determine the state of the cell and to support certain “therapeutic” action. It must have the capability to collect data on the living cell, analyze the data, and make a decision on the state of the living cell. It must also communicate with an external controlling agent, and possibly, take corrective action. Such a cell would need its own energy sources, sensors, computers, and communication devices, integrated into a complete system whose structure is dictated by the intended nanomorphic cell function. The Nanomorphic Cell can be considered as an extreme example of a class of systems known generically as Autonomous Microsystems, for example WIMS (Wireless Integrated Microsystems), PicoNode, Lab-on-a-Pill and Smartdust.
References
Microtechnology
Nanotechnology
is a railway station operated by the Takamatsu-Kotohira Electric Railroad in Mannō, Kagawa, Japan. It is on the Kotohira Line.
Ridership
Adjacent stations
References
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1927
Railway stations in Kagawa Prefecture
Herta Däubler-Gmelin (; born 12 August 1943) is a German lawyer, academic and politician of the Social Democratic Party. She served as Federal Minister of Justice from 1998 to 2002, and as a Member of the Bundestag from 1972 to 2009. She currently teaches as an honorary professor of political science at the Free University of Berlin, particularly on international relations and human rights, and was the Hemmerle Professor at RWTH Aachen University in 2011. She is married to the legal scholar Wolfgang Däubler.
History
She was born in Bratislava, in the war-time Slovak Republic, as the daughter of Hans Gmelin (d. 1991), who was mayor of Tübingen from 1954 to 1974. She studied history, economy, law and political science in Tübingen and Berlin. Since 1974, she has been admitted as a lawyer, first in Stuttgart, then in Berlin. Since 1992, she has lectured law at the Freie Universität Berlin, which made her an honorary professor in 1995.
Political career
Däubler-Gmelin joined the German Social Democratic Party (SPD) in 1965 and became a member of the Bundestag in 1972, subsequently representing Tübingen from 1998 to 2002. She held several party offices in the 1980s and 1990s, serving as deputy party chairman from 1988-1997. From 1994–98, she was chairwoman of the working group on legal affairs and legal adviser to the SPD parliamentary group.
In 1993, the SPD nominated Däubler-Gmelin to fill the vacancy of vice-president of the Federal Constitutional Court, but after conservative parliamentary groups blocked the nomination for nine months as being "too political" she abandoned this career step in favor of Jutta Limbach. Ahead of the 1994 elections, SPD chairman Rudolf Scharping included her in his shadow cabinet for the party's campaign to unseat incumbent Helmut Kohl as Chancellor. During the campaign, Däubler-Gmelin served as shadow minister of justice.
Federal Minister of Justice, 1998–2002
From 1998 to 2002, Däubler-Gmelin served as Justice Minister in Gerhard Schröder's first cabinet, where she oversaw a number of controversial reform projects such as the reform of German citizenship legislation, the introduction of same-sex civil unions, and the overhaul of the German Civil Code, the most invasive since its inception in 1900.
In 1999, both Däubler-Gmelin and Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer appealed for clemency for the LaGrand brothers, two German citizens sentenced to death in Arizona. According to the German government, the LaGrands had been denied their rights as German citizens because prosecutors did not inform the German consulate of the brothers' arrest in 1982 until a decade later. However, both were put to death in a cloud of cyanide gas.
Amid the Enron scandal in 2002, Däubler-Gmelin launched a voluntary 12-page corporate governance code that calls on company audit committees to be aware of other business links between the company and its auditors, including consulting work.
On 18 September 2002, four days before Schröder's re-election, she attended a meeting at a restaurant in Derendingen (near Tübingen) with about 30 trade unionists from two local factories (the topic was "Globalization and Labor"). Däubler-Gmelin, who has long been known for her outspokenness, later said she had been unaware that a reporter from local newspaper Schwäbisches Tagblatt was present, insisting that she regarded the event as an internal meeting. After discussion had turned to the Iraq crisis, she remarked that U.S. president Bush was preparing a war to detract from domestic problems such as the economic crisis at the time, and that this was a popular political strategy which had already been used by Adolf Hitler. When some participants showed disagreement, she added immediately that this was not meant to liken Bush to Hitler as a person, but rather to compare their methods, and that British prime minister Margaret Thatcher had also used the 1982 Falklands War to improve election prospects. She also described the U.S. legal system as "lousy".
This was the version published by Schwäbisches Tagblatt (a paper widely regarded as liberal to leftist and respected for its journalistic quality), which later stated that Däubler-Gmelin herself had confirmed the wording of the report, as well as several presents at the meeting. Another account of the meeting states that the Hitler comparison originated from a participant and that Däubler-Gmelin had merely agreed that Hitler had used such tactics, too.
Immediately after the article had been published, Däubler-Gmelin strongly denied it, claiming to have been misquoted. She also announced that she would sue the Schwäbische Tagblatt, but later chose not to do so. She encountered heavy criticism for expressing anti-americanism by many both in Germany and abroad, including members of the U.S. government such as Ari Fleischer and Condoleezza Rice. On September 20, Däubler-Gmelin called U.S. Ambassador Dan Coats to state that the reports had no basis and Schröder wrote an apology letter to Bush, stating "there is no place at my cabinet table for anyone who makes a connection between the American president and such a criminal." He did not force her to resign immediately, claiming to trust her denial of the quotation, but she was dropped from his new cabinet when it was formed a few weeks after his narrow re-election.
Later work
From 2002 to 2005 Däubler-Gmelin served as chairwoman of the Bundestag's Committee on Consumer Protection and Agriculture, and from 2005 she chaired the Committee for Human Rights and Humanitarian Aid.
Life after politics
Since 2004, Däubler-Gmelin has been practicing as Of counsel with the Berlin office of law firm Schwegler.
In 2009, Germany's national railway company Deutsche Bahn commissioned Däubler-Gmelin and former Interior Minister Gerhart Baum with investigating allegations according to which the company had, in violation of privacy laws and corporate guidelines repeatedly and on a large scale compared personal data of its employees with those of suppliers, in a bid to uncover possible corruption.
Between 2012 and 2013, Däubler-Gmelin served as member of the European Commission's High Level Group on Media Freedom and Pluralism, an advisory panel set up by European Commissioner Neelie Kroes and chaired by Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga.
She has voiced her support for the Campaign for the Establishment of a United Nations Parliamentary Assembly, an organisation which campaigns for democratic reform in the United Nations, and the creation of a more accountable international political system.
From 2012 to 2014, Däubler-Gmelin represented political group “Mehr Demokratie e.V.” (More Democracy) in its unsuccessful constitutional complaint before the Federal Constitutional Court against Germany's participation in the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) and the European Fiscal Compact.
In 2019, Däubler-Gmelin was appointed to a task force investigating allegations of fraud and embezzlement at Workers' Welfare Association (AWO), a charity and one of Germany's largest employers.
Other activities
Däubler-Gmelin is a member of several charitable and non-profit organizations, including the following:
European Law Students' Association (ELSA) – Germany Chapter, Member of the Advisory Board
Friedrich Ebert Foundation (FES), Member
German-Polish Lawyers' Association (DPJV), Member of the Board of Trustees
Hirschfeld Eddy Foundation, Member of the Board of Trustees
Deutsche Hospiz- und PalliativStiftung, Member of the Board of Trustees
Schneller Foundation, Member of the Board of Trustees
Transparency Germany, Member of the Advisory Board
Personal life
Däubler-Gmelin is married to Wolfgang Däubler, one of the most prominent experts on German labor law. They were married in 1969 and have two children.
References
External links
Personal website
1943 births
Living people
Justice ministers of Germany
Members of the Bundestag for Baden-Württemberg
Female members of the Bundestag
Politicians from Bratislava
Women federal government ministers of Germany
21st-century German women politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
Members of the Bundestag 1998–2002
Members of the Bundestag 1994–1998
Members of the Bundestag for the Social Democratic Party of Germany
Female justice ministers
Slovak emigrants to Germany
Recipients of the Order of Merit of Baden-Württemberg
20th-century German women
Libelloides macaronius is a day-flying owlfly species of Europe and Asia. The genus belongs to the family Ascalaphidae, subfamily Ascalaphinae. The species has appeared on postage stamps of Moldova and Ukraine.
Description
The adult is a large insect somewhat resembling a dragonfly. Its body, eyes, and long clubbed antennae are black; the wings are bright yellow, spotted with black, the forewings being partly transparent near the wingtips. The abdomen ends with a pair of hooked claspers in the male, a short ovipositor in the female. At rest, adults often perch like dragonflies with their wings outspread. They fly rapidly and rather straight over grass or bushes.
The species has the excellent eyesight of predatory day-flying insects, though the large eyes are of the superposition type normally found in nocturnal insects.
Distribution and ecology
The species occurs in central, eastern, and southern Europe, and Palearctic Asia. They live in relatively open areas such as farm meadows and pasture, and wilder dry grassland and scrubland. Adults are fast-flying diurnal predators that use their legs to catch their prey in flight. They have robust mandibles, able to pierce the exoskeletons of heavily-sclerotised prey. They feed on a wide variety of other insects including aphids, beetles, hemipteran bugs, cockroaches, dipteran flies, and neuropterans. They are predated upon by insect-eating birds and spiders.
Taxonomy
The species was named Libelloides macaronius by the Austrian naturalist Giovanni Antonio Scopoli in 1763. Among the many synonyms are Ascalaphus macaronius (Scopoli, 1763), Myrmeleon kolywanensis (Laxmann, 1770), and Ascalaphus oculatus (Brullé, 1832).
References
macaronius
Neuroptera of Europe
Insects described in 1763
Taxa named by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli
Andrea Russell is an American chemist who is a professor at the University of Southampton. She is Vice President of the International Society of Electrochemistry. Her research considers the use of spectroscopy to better understand the interface between electrodes and electrolytes.
Early life and education
Russell was an undergraduate student at the University of Michigan. She moved to the University of Utah for graduate studies, where she used infrared spectroscopy to examine electrode surfaces. After completing her doctorate, Russell was appointed as a research fellow at the United States Naval Research Laboratory.
Research and career
In 1991, Russell moved to the United Kingdom, where she was appointed to the University of Liverpool. She spent three years in Liverpool before joining Newcastle University. In 1997 Russell moved to the University of Southampton. She was promoted to Professor in 2007.
Russell's research considers the use of spectroscopy to better understand the interface between electrodes and electrolytes. She is particularly interested in gas sensors, metal-air batteries and fuel cells. She makes use of several international facilities, including the Diamond Light Source, ISIS Neutron and Muon Source and the Advanced Light Source. In particular, Russell has developed X-ray absorption spectroscopy for in situ studies of electrocatalysts.
In 2002, Russell chaired the Gordon Research Conference on Fuel Cells. Russell serves on the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) College and the Diamond Light Source Strategic Advisory Committee. A keen user of the Diamond Light Source, Russell serves as Spectroscopy representative for the Diamond User Committee. In 2021 she was elected Vice President of the International Society of Electrochemistry.
Russell is involved with undergraduate and postgraduate teaching at the University of Southampton. She contributes to the Southampton Electrochemistry Summer Schools, which are attended by hundreds of delegates around the world. She was awarded the Faculty of Engineering and Physical Sciences Award for Best Pastoral Support in 2020.
Selected publications
References
Living people
University of Michigan alumni
University of Utah alumni
Spectroscopists
American women chemists
21st-century chemists
Alumni of the University of Southampton
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Return of Dr. Fu Manchu is a 1930 American pre-Code film directed by Rowland V. Lee. It is the second of three films starring Warner Oland as the fiendish Fu Manchu, who returns from apparent death in the previous film, The Mysterious Dr. Fu Manchu (1929), to seek revenge on those he holds responsible for the death of his wife and child.
Cast
Warner Oland as Fu Manchu
O. P. Heggie as Inspector Nayland Smith
Jean Arthur as Lia Eltham
Neil Hamilton as Dr. Jack Petrie
Evelyn Hall as Lady Agatha Bartley
William Austin as Sylvester Wadsworth
Margaret Fealy as Lady Helen Bartley
Shayle Gardner as Detective Harding
Evelyn Selbie as Fai Lu
Olaf Hytten as Deacon at Wedding (uncredited)
Production
Writing
It was loosely adapted from the 1916 novel of the same name by Sax Rohmer.
Critical reception
The New York Times critic wrote, "melodramatic as the film is, it is not quite as exciting as its predecessor, The Mysterious Dr. Fu, in which Warner Oland did better work. O.P. Heggie as the inspector, Neil Hamilton as Petrie and Jean Arthur in the rôle of Lia are acceptable."
References
External links
1930 films
1930 crime films
1930 mystery films
American black-and-white films
American mystery films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Rowland V. Lee
American detective films
Paramount Pictures films
American crime films
Films with screenplays by Florence Ryerson
Fu Manchu films
1930s American films
Jacob Ewane (born 11 February 1967) is a Cameroonian former international footballer who played as a midfielder.
References
1967 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Douala
Cameroonian footballers
Cameroon international footballers
Canon Yaoundé players
R.E. Mouscron players
K.S.K. Ronse players
Belgian First Division B players
Association football midfielders
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
1992 African Cup of Nations players
The QBU-88 sniper rifle is a Chinese bullpup designated marksman rifle developed by Norinco for the People's Liberation Army.
History
During the 1979 Sino-Vietnamese War, China captured samples of the Soviet-designed Dragunov sniper rifle, which it copied as the Type 79. Due to immature gunsmithing techniques its firing pin could break from metallurgy issues and problems copying the PSO-1 4x scope made it unable to handle the recoil of firing its rounds. These issues were addressed in the upgraded Type 85, but the PLA still used standard ball ammunition rather than specialized sniping cartridges, resulting in lower accuracy. These shortfalls led to development of a new sniper rifle when China started development of a new cartridge for machine guns in the early 1990s.
The QBU-88 rifle (also sometimes referred to as Type 88 rifle) was the first weapon of the newest generation of Chinese small arms, chambered for proprietary 5.8×42mm DBP87 ammunition. Adopted in 1997, the QBU-88 is, by the modern sense, not a true sniper rifle – it is a more designated marksman rifle, intended for aimed semi-automatic fire at ranges beyond the capabilities of standard infantry assault rifles. The rifle is intended for rough military use, so it is fitted with adjustable iron sights by default, and is generally equipped with telescopic sights or with night sights.
QBU-88 rifle is optimized for a special heavy loading of 5.8×42mm cartridge with a longer streamlined bullet with steel core. It can also fire standard ammunition intended for the QBZ-95 assault rifles. At the present time the QBU-88 rifle is in service with PLA and Chinese police forces.
Design details
The QBU-88 rifle is a gas-operated semi-automatic rifle. It utilizes a short-stroke gas piston, located above the barrel, and three-lug rotating bolt. The action is mounted in the compact steel receiver, and enclosed into a polymer bullpup-type housing. To increase accuracy, the action is mated to a 640 mm (25.1 in) long, hammer-forged match-grade barrel. The safety switch is located at the bottom of the receiver, just behind the magazine opening. The QBU-88 rifle is equipped with open, diopter-type adjustable sights, mounted on folding posts. It also has a short proprietary dovetail rail on the receiver which can accept telescope or night sight scope mount.
The rifle is intended to be utilized primarily with optics. The standard day optic used on the QBU-88 for military use is a Chinese 3-9×40 scope with an integral quick-release mount. In 2008 a new Chinese 6-24×44 tactical scope became available for counter-terrorism and other law enforcement use.
The riflings for the QBU-88 differs from the standard QBZ-95 assault rifle. While the QBZ-95 has a twist to stabilize the standard 64-grain DBP-87 ball round, the QBU-88 has a faster twist to stabilize the 70-grain Heavy Ball round and dedicated Sniper load, similar to the QJY-88 general-purpose machine gun, which has progressive rifling with a final twist rate of 206 mm. A long birdcage flash suppressor is fitted to reduce the muzzle signature. A quick-detachable bipod is clamped to the barrel when required.
Variants
An export version called the QBU-97A is also produced and marketed for security forces of other foreign countries. This derivative utilizes 5.56×45mm NATO ammunition although, instead of STANAG magazine, a modified version of QBU-88 magazine is used to feed the rounds – and STANAG magazines will not work unless modified. The QBU-97A has recently been sighted under the designation NQU03, though it is unknown if the two differentiate in any way aside from name.
See also
QBU-191 - designated marksman rifle based on QBZ-191 platform.
QBU-141 - 5.8×42mm bolt-action sniper rifle developed by China
List of bullpup firearms
List of sniper rifles
References
Semi-automatic rifles
Sniper rifles of the People's Republic of China
Bullpup rifles
5.8 mm firearms
Designated marksman rifles
Norinco
Enugu State Peoples Democratic Party, also known as Enugu PDP, is the largest contemporary political party in Enugu State, Nigeria. It is affiliated with the national Peoples Democratic Party, and is led by chairman Augustine Nnamani. The party has its headquarters in Enugu, which is the state capital. As of May 2015, the party had controlled the Enugu State governorship for 16 years.
Current leadership
Chairman: Augustine Nnamani
Secretary: Mr. Cletus Akalusi
Organizing Secretary: Dr. Christian Iyiani
Woman Leader: Mrs. Vera Ezugwu
Youth leader: Hon Patty Okoh
Current elected officials
List of party chairmen
Charles Egumgbe
Onyioha Nwanjoku
Vita Abba
Ikeje Asogwa (2014—2016)
Augustine Nnamani (2016—present)
See also
Delta State Peoples Democratic Party
References
Enugu
Peoples Democratic Party (Nigeria) by state
NGC 531 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Andromeda with a visual magnitude of 10.51. It is a distance of 65.7 Mpc from the Sun. It is a member of the Hickson Compact Group HCG 10, and is interacting with the other members of the group.
References
External links
NGC 531 on SIMBAD
Barred spiral galaxies
Andromeda (constellation)
0536
01012
005340
+06-04-020
J01261884
Thomas Barton Kyle (March 10, 1856 – August 13, 1915) was a lawyer, politician, and two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1901 to 1905.
Biography
Born in Troy, Ohio, Kyle attended the public schools and Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire.
He subsequently studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1884. He then commenced his practice in Troy. Kyle was elected as the prosecuting attorney of Miami County in 1890. He served as president of the board of education of Troy and later was the town's mayor.
Congress
Kyle was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-seventh and Fifty-eighth Congresses (March 4, 1901 – March 3, 1905). He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1904.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of his profession in Troy, where he died on August 13, 1915. He was interred in Riverside Cemetery.
References
1856 births
1915 deaths
Dartmouth College alumni
People from Troy, Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Conqueror is the fifth and final book of the Conqueror series written by Conn Iggulden. Conqueror tells the story of Kublai Khan – portrayed as one of the world's great leaders alongside Julius Caesar, Alexander the Great, and Napoleon Bonaparte. The story takes place between 1244 and 1260 AD.
Summary
A warrior who would rule a fifth of the world with strength and wisdom.
A scholar who conquered an empire larger than those of Alexander or Caesar.
A brother who betrayed his own to protect a nation.
From a wise scholar to one of history's most powerful warriors, Conqueror tells the story of Kublai Khan - an extraordinary man who should be remembered alongside Julius Caesar, Alexander the Great and Napoleon Bonaparte as one of the greatest leaders the world has ever known.
It should have been a golden age, with an empire to dwarf the lands won by the mighty Genghis Khan. Instead, the vast Mongol nation is slowly losing ground, swallowed whole by their most ancient enemy. A new generation has arisen, yet the long shadow of the Great Khan still hangs over them all …
Kublai dreams of an empire stretching from sea to sea. But to see it built, this scholar must first learn the art of war. He must take his nation's warriors to the ends of the known world. And when he is weary, when he is wounded, he must face his own brothers in bloody civil war.
Main characters
Mongke, Kublai, Hulegu and Arik-Boke
Four of the grandsons of Genghis Khan. Sons of Tolui.
Guyuk
Son of Ogedai Khan and Torogene.
Batu
Son of Jochi, grandson of Genghis. Becomes Russian Lord.
Tsubodai
The great general of Genghis and Ogedai Khan.
Torogene
Guyuk's mother, who ruled as regent on the death of Ogedai Khan.
Sorhatani
Mother to four grandsons of Genghis - Mongke, Kublai, Hulegu and Arik-Boke. Wife to Tolui, the youngest son of Genghis, who gave his life to save Ogedai Khan.
Baidur
Grandson of Genghis. Son to Chagatai, father to Alghu. Ruler of the Chagatai Khanate-based around the cities Samarkand and Bukhara. (Arabia)
Notes
External links
Conn Iggulden page on publisher HarperCollins' website
2011 British novels
Conqueror (novel series)
Novels set in Mongol Empire
Novels set in the 13th century
Cultural depictions of Kublai Khan
HarperCollins books
Randwick Public School is a comprehensive public school located in Randwick, New South Wales, Australia operated by the New South Wales Department of Education and Training. It goes from years K-6. There are over 1000 students enrolled. It offers standard curriculum alongside music, sport, religion/ethics classes and after-school care.
Location
The school is located just north of central Randwick and takes up most of the space between Avoca St, Cowper St, Frances St and The Avenue. Other buildings in this block include the Randwick Town Hall & City Council buildings, the local Fire Station and Bowling Club.
Just to the South (over Frances St) is the St Jude's Church and Cemetery. The church is famous for being the source of the "Randwick Bells" in the song by Paul Kelly. The children at school can hear the Randwick Bells chime during their days at school.
Indigenous Culture
The school is located on the traditional lands of the Cadigal people. It is an important part of pupil education to teach students about the traditional culture of the original inhabitants and owners of the grounds of the school. A new sport uniform was created in 2021 which features Indigenous design that students wear in inter- or intra-school sport that celebrates the art of Indigenous people.
History
The school was originally established in 1883, one of 228 State Schools established as a consequence of the Public Instruction Act of 1880. The Act was to make education free, compulsory and secular.
The nucleus of the School grew from an established church school, St. Judes, Randwick, and the buildings were completed in 1887.
In 1913, the School became a "Superior" Public School, catering for older students, but returned to being a primary school in 1959.
Sydney trams
The current school grounds on the Western side encompass land which was previously part of the old Sydney Tram Network. The Cross Country Line (Bondi Junction to Coogee, route 19) travelled down Frenchmans Rd and Cowper St and turned south through a route which is now part of the Randwick Public School cricket nets and the "Forest" to meet Frances St and then Cook St. A double row of trees in the Forest part of the current playground shows the previous route of the tram line.
The new L2 Sydney Light Rail line (opened December 2019) now also reaches Randwick. The closest stop to Randwick Public School is Wansey Rd, on the corner of Alison Rd, about 400m from the school.
Upgrades in 2018-19
In 2015 it was announced that Randwick Public School would receive a major funding increase to cater for school expansion in all catchment area, size of the school and expanse of the grounds. It was announced that the nearby Open High School would be demolished and the grounds would be taken over by the footprint of Randwick Public School.
The works were completed in April 2019, with the new feature classroom building dubbed "The Beehive".
Recent history
Randwick Public School was visited by the NSW Premier Dominic Perrottet on December 6, 2021, when he was campaigning for reform in the Education System.
References
Public primary schools in Sydney
Educational institutions established in 1883
1883 establishments in Australia
Randwick, New South Wales
Live at The Triple Door is a live album recorded and released by The Courage in 2008 when they were still known as "Noah Gundersen & the Courage." The set was performed at the venue and lounge The Triple Door in Seattle, Washington.
Track listing
"Poor Man's Son" – 5:37
"America" – 4:52
"Nine Pound Hammer" – 4:19
"The Current State of Things" – 5:43
"Moss On a Rolling Stone" – 5:43
"Oh Momma" – 5:35
"Two for a Show" – 5:14
Tracks 4 and 5 appear on the band's first album, "Brand New World"
Tracks 1, 3, 4, & 6 aired on the local lounge on KCDA, a different version of "Poor Man's Son" was performed live
Track 1 later appeared on Noah Gundersen's debut album Ledges
Personnel
Noah Gundersen – guitar/vocals
Abby Gundersen – violin/vocals
Travis Ehrenstrom - bass guitar
Ivan Gunderson - drums
Michael Porter - electric guitar/vocals
Michael Rabb – organ/piano/keys/vocals
Chris Judd – bass guitar/vocals
Keelan O'Hara – drums
Other albums recorded at The Triple Door
Live at The Triple Door (Skerik's Syncopated Taint Septet) by Skerik's Syncopated Taint Septet (recorded in 2003 and released in 2010)
Live at The Triple Door by Greg Dulli (recorded in 2008)
Live at The Triple Door by Layla Angulo (released in 2005)
References
External links
Triple Door Website
The Courage albums
2008 live albums
Hvitfeldt Hansen (30 July 1890 – 15 October 1964) was a Danish wrestler. He competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1890 births
1964 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Denmark
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Danish male sport wrestlers
People from Esbjerg
Sportspeople from the Region of Southern Denmark
Puna may refer to:
Places
Americas
Puña, a town in the Department of Cajamarca of Peru
Puna, Potosí, a village in Bolivia
Puna, Hawaii, a district in the east-southeast portion of the Island of Hawaii
Puná Island, an island off the coast of southern Ecuador
Battle of Puná, a battle fought between Spanish conquistadors and Puná natives
Altiplano or Puna, a region that covers part of Bolivia, Peru, and the northern end of Argentina and Chile
Puna de Atacama, a plateau in the Andes
Asia
Pune, or Puna, a city in Maharashtra, India
Puna, Gujarat, a town in Gujarat, India
Puna, Pakistan, a village in Punjab, Pakistan
Other uses
Puna grassland, a type of grassland in the central part of the high Andes
Puna (mythology), a character in Polynesian mythology
Maihueniopsis or Puna, a cactus genus
See also
Poona (disambiguation)
BC Moravian Slavia Brno () was a Czech basketball club that played in the Czechoslovak Basketball League (CSBL) from the mid 1940s until the early 1990s, but in 2010 went bankrupt. The club originally belonged under the umbrella of SK Slavia Moravian Brno, but in 1993 split off from its parent organization and became independent. BC Brno played at Morenda Hall.
History
?-1993 SK Moravská Slavia Brno (oddíl košíkové / basketball section)
1993-2010 BK Moravská Slavia Brno
Honours
Czechoslovak League
Winners (2): 1952, 1953
External links
Official site
Basketball teams in the Czech Republic
Sport in Brno
Basketball in Czechoslovakia
Sedgley Park is a suburban area of Prestwich in Greater Manchester, England. It may also refer to:
Sedgley Park R.U.F.C., a rugby union club based at Whitefield near Prestwich.
Sedgley Park Primary School, Prestwich, a primary school in Prestwich.
Sedgley Park School, Wolverhampton, a former Roman Catholic school.
Emilio del Toro Cuebas (June 4, 1876 in Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico – November 10, 1955 in Carolina, Puerto Rico) served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico from 1909 until 1922.
Born in Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico in 1876, earned his degree in law from the University of Havana in 1897. Began his career in the private practice in 1898, seven years later began his juridical career. Served as Prosecutor for the District courts of Humacao and San Juan. Later became Assistant attorney General of Puerto Rico appointed as Supreme Court prosecutor and Judge of the San Juan District Court. In 1909 was appointed Associate Justice of the Puerto Rico Supreme Court by president William Howard Taft and in 1922 was appointed chief justice by president Warren G. Harding. Held that position until his retirement in 1943. Died November 10, 1955. Was buried at the Puerto Rico Memorial Cemetery in Carolina, Puerto Rico.
Sources
La Justicia en sus Manos, by Luis Rafael Rivera, 2007,
|-
1876 births
1955 deaths
Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico
Chief Justices of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico
People from Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican lawyers
University of Havana alumni
Eric Alfred Lyons CBE (1912–1980) was a British designer and architect. He achieved critical recognition in his development of family and technology-embracing housing communities in England in the latter part of the 20th century. His partnership in Span Developments led to the building of over 73 estates, some of which have achieved Conservation area status in recognition of the close communities created with substantial garden areas, glass and light, façade angles used for privacy and decoration and separate garages as a practical Bauhaus for car-based culture and high point of Modern Architecture widely described a "successful, experimental modernism".
From 1936 to 1937 he worked for Walter Gropius and Maxwell Fry, in the short period that Gropius was in the UK. After World War II he spent a number of years working on various projects, designing flat-pack furniture for Tecta and entering competitions.
It was in 1948 that Span was founded, with Eric Lyons, Leslie Bilsby and Geoff Townsend who had resigned from the RIBA to become a developer (RIBA rules at the time prohibited architects from being developers).
Span estates were typified by sharp Modernist designs with space, light and well-planned interiors, tempered with traditional features such as hung tiles and stock brick. Lavishly landscaped communal gardens were also a common feature of Lyons' designs.
Outside of his Span work, he developed a number of other schemes, such as public housing for World's End in Chelsea, Pitcairn House (1961-63) as part of the LCC's Frampton Park Estate in Hackney, and his final development in Vilamoura, Portugal.
He was president of the RIBA from 1975 to 1977. He died in 1980 from motor neurone disease.
References
External links
Highsett (Cambridge)
New Ash Green history
Marsham Lodge
Templemere
Fieldend
Riba exhibition in 2006
Eric Lyons Memorial Fund
bdonline: Spanning a diverse art
1912 births
1980 deaths
20th-century English architects
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Presidents of the Royal Institute of British Architects
Deaths from motor neuron disease
Rucas is an Italian ski resort and village in the municipality of Bagnolo Piemonte, in Piedmont.
References
External links
Frazioni of the Province of Cuneo
Boca () is a rural barrio in the municipality of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,089.
Features and demographics
Boca has of land area and of water area. In 2010, its population was 1089 with a population density of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Indios barrio and Boca barrio was 782.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico
Novokosteyevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Starosharashlinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 2 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Novokosteyevo is located 9 km northwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Georgiyevka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Duncan Rathbun Hannah (August 21, 1952 – June 11, 2022) was an American visual artist and author. Born in Minneapolis, he attended the The Blake School as a boy and later Bard College before transferring to the Parsons School of Design, where he graduated in 1975.
Hannah was the author of 20th Century Boy (2018), sourced from his 1970s diaries, which recounted his life in the downtown art scene of New York City. The New York Times described him as "a 'scene-maker,' logging time at CBGB and other hot clubs and hanging with the Warhol crowd." ARTnews called Hannah a "key participant in the birth of the New York punk scene." He led the fan club devoted to the early punk band Television and the book relates his encounters and friendships with an array of figures, including David Bowie, Lou Reed, Allen Ginsberg, Patti Smith, Nico, and Salvador Dalí. 20th Century Boy was excerpted in The Paris Review.
The critic and editor Glenn O'Brien noted in Artforum magazine that Hannah's art “causes problems for critics because they can't figure out if he's retro- or post-something.” The design writer Steven Heller described Hannah's paintings as "post-illustrative, Magritte- and Hopper-esque." Hannah was also referred to as a "romantic realist" who depicted imaginary scenes of retro-nostalgia, such as starlets from old movie posters. In 1980 Hannah's works were included in the influential The Times Square Show along with such artists as Keith Haring and Jean-Michel Basquiat. His paintings have been the subject of solo exhibitions at the Phyllis Kind Gallery and the Center Gallery in Chicago, the Daedalus Gallery and the John Oulman Gallery in Minneapolis, the Rebecca Hossack Gallery in London, the Pierre Menard Gallery in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and the Semaphore Gallery and Charles Cowles Gallery in New York City, among other venues. Hannah's work is included in the permanent collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. “I've basically ignored the avant-garde,” Hannah told an interviewer in 2018. “I was surprised by the conformity of the art world."
Hannah also took a turn at acting, appearing in a duo of films by Amos Poe, including starring opposite Deborah Harry (later of Blondie) in Unmade Beds (1976), in which he played a photographer who sees himself as a 1960s Paris gangster, and The Foreigner. Hannah also co-starred in Jennifer Montgomery's 1995 film Art for Teachers of Children.
In his later years, Hannah lived and worked in Brooklyn, New York, and West Cornwall, Connecticut. He died after suffering a heart attack at his home in West Cornwall on June 11, 2022, aged 69. At the time of his death, he was married to Megan Wilson.
References
External links
20th Century Boy
Paris Review excerpt of 20th Century Boy
Duncan Hannah at Galerie Pixi, Paris
Duncan Hannah at Althuis Hofland Fine Arts, Amsterdam
Duncan Hannah at Modernism Gallery, San Francisco
Duncan Hannah, Studies of the Female Form
1952 births
2022 deaths
20th-century American male actors
20th-century American artists
21st-century American artists
21st-century American memoirists
American diarists
American male film actors
American painters
Artists from New York City
Parsons School of Design alumni
People from Cornwall, Connecticut
People from Minneapolis
VfR is a German-language acronym that may appear in various contexts:
Verein für Raumschiffahrt, en:Society for Space Travel, a historical amateur rocket club in Germany
Verein für Rasensport (en:Association for Field Sports) or Verein für Rasenspiele (en:Association for Field Games), a commonly used term for German Sport clubs, as in VfR Mannheim
Négra Lock () is a single chamber lock on the Canal du Midi near the village of Villefranche-de-Lauragais in Languedoc, France. There is a small chapel at the lock and also a small red-brick aqueduct which carries the canal over the Thésauque, a tributary of the Hers.
Négra Lock is at an altitude of 166m and is ascending when travelling west–east. The adjacent locks are Laval Lock to the east and Sanglier Lock to the west.
See also
Locks on the Canal du Midi
Locks on the Canal du Midi
Antonio Olmo Menacho (born 19 August 1982 in El Cuervo) is a Spanish former cyclist.
Major results
2008
2nd Overall Cinturó de l'Empordà
8th Overall Vuelta Ciclista a León
2009
7th Vuelta Ciclista a La Rioja
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
People from Bajo Guadalquivir
Sportspeople from the Province of Seville
Cyclists from Andalusia
Euchrysops horus is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Kenya.
References
Butterflies described in 1938
Euchrysops
Wilbur McKee White (February 22, 1890 – December 31, 1973) was an American politician and World War I veteran who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1931 to 1933.
Biography
Born near Hillsboro, Ohio, White was educated in the rural schools and the Hillsboro High School.
Marietta College, (Ohio) College, M.A., 1914.
He engaged in teaching at Marietta, Ohio, in 1914 and 1915.
Correspondent for a Dayton, Ohio, newspaper in 1916.
He served in the United States Army on the Mexican border as a private and first sergeant in Company H, Third Ohio Infantry, in 1916.
During the First World War served from August 15, 1917, as a first lieutenant and later as a captain in the Three A Hundred and Thirty-second Regiment, United States Infantry, in Italy and France.
Associated with the Toledo Times in 1919 and served as managing editor 1925-1930 and associate editor in 1930 and 1931.
Congress
White was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-second Congress (March 4, 1931 – March 3, 1933).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932 and for election in 1940 to the Seventy-seventh Congress.
Later career and death
He was employed in a glass manufacturing concern in 1933.
He served as secretary and as executive director of the Safety Glass Association 1934-1958.
He engaged in independent highway safety work 1958-1961.
He died in Chillicothe, Ohio, December 31, 1973.
He was interred in Hillsboro Cemetery, Hillsboro, Ohio.
Sources
1890 births
1973 deaths
People from Hillsboro, Ohio
United States Army officers
Marietta College alumni
United States Army personnel of World War I
20th-century American politicians
Toledo Maroons players
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Luther Crawford Ladd (22 December 1843 – 19 April 1861) was a soldier in the Union Army who was killed during the Baltimore riot of 1861. He is often referred to as the first Union soldier killed in action during the American Civil War. Four days earlier, Private Daniel Hough became the first non-combat casualty of the war when he was accidentally killed by a cannon that went off prematurely during a salute to the flag. Luther Crawford Ladd was 17 years old at the time of his death.
Luther C. Ladd was born in Bristol, New Hampshire, the son of John Ladd. He resided on the Ladd farm, south of Fowler's River. In 1853 Luther and his father moved to nearby Alexandria, New Hampshire where he attended district schools. At age 16 in 1860, Ladd left Alexandria for Lowell, Massachusetts where he obtained employment at the Lowell Machine Shop. In April 1861 Luther answered President Lincoln's first call for 75,000 men by enlisting for three months in Co. D, 6th Massachusetts Militia. On April 19, 1861 while marching through the city of Baltimore this regiment was attacked by an angry mob. Luther C. Ladd was the first to fall. His injuries included a fractured skull and a fatal bullet wound that severed an artery in his thigh. Luther C. Ladd's remains were interred in the Alexandria Village Cemetery, later to be removed and buried beneath the Ladd & Whitney monument in Lowell, Massachusetts.
References
1843 births
1861 deaths
1861 in the United States
1861 riots
People from Bristol, New Hampshire
People of New Hampshire in the American Civil War
Union military personnel killed in the American Civil War
Union Army soldiers
Milorad Roganović (born 1951) is a journalist and graduated sociology professor.
Biography
Roganović was born in 1951 in Belgrade, where he finished elementary and high school. In 1977, he graduated at the group for philosophy and sociology of the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy. He started practising journalism in 1975. as a member of editorial staff in youth magazines "Youth", "Youth Newspaper" and "The Student".
He became a member of staff of the first radio station outside of the radio-diffusion system of Serbia – Studio B in early 1977. From a journalist-contributor, over the position of editor, editor-in-chief, host of numerous popular TV and radio talk shows, he built a career of a professional and independent journalist. Starting with 1989. he's deputy general manager and program director of Studio B (which then consisted of three radio channels, the first transmitted 24 hrs a day informative news program, the second – ethno-music and news, and the third – 12 hrs a day of classical music). In the same year he became one of the founders and owners of the first independent television station in Eastern Europe, NTV Studio B, which was shut down by police on March 28, 1990 after just one hour of program transmission. In November the same year, NTV Studio B started broadcasting the program, in spite of all government resistance. It was the most quoted source of information in the European media during that period. Mr. Roganović still performed the function of program director of radio and television and deputy general manager of the firm. In May 1995, he became the general manager and editor-in-chief of all TV and radio programs. Following the orders of Slobodan Milošević in 1996, the police stormed the Studio B, dismissed the entire news staff, fired the management and turned the then private firm NTV Studio B into a government firm, which Studio B remains even today (the district court still handles the process of returning the company to its prior owners). Roganović was, in the meantime, as the governments changed, three times fired and taken back to work.
Currently he performs the duties of editor-in-chief of the radio Studio B. Milorad Roganovic finished radio and TV management courses in Thessaloniki and London. He participated specialist seminars about local and private television in Leedscastle, Thessaloniki. He also participated in specialist seminars about the influence ad role of the European Council in Strasbourg. He was a guest of the US government informative centre for a month and a half, touring various parts of the US and studying independent media and freedom of the press. He had shorter studying trips to France, Germany, Great Britain, etc.
He is the author of a series of radio and TV interviews with the highest Yugoslavian and foreign statesmen. He is the winner of the greatest journalist awards in his company and in Serbia, a journalist who was in the last fifteen years interviewed and quoted in several dozen of the greatest world magazines (the Washington Post, the New York Times, Yoshiro Shimbun).
He is considered to be one of the greatest independent journalists in Serbia in the past decade. He's a member of the Journalist Society of Serbia (UNS) and the international Federation of Journalists with headquarters in Brussels, as well as European Journalists of Serbia (UENS).
Roganovic is considered as one of the most prominent experts on the ethics of a word spoken in public, journalist professional codex and local media.
He was an associate of The Centre for Liberal-Democratic studies (CLDS) in Belgrade, and author of the project "Hate-mongering and words spoken in public - ethical problems", which was held in several cities in Serbia from January to May 2004.
Currently he is the editor and host of the radio political talk show, "Slučaj B" on Radio Studio B.
He has often stressed that all of his achievements he credits to bravery of his superior Mr.Dragan Kojadinovic whom he was honored to support as his deputy for all those years. Together they were a true force of truth.
Resources
List of UENS members
Homepage of the "Slučaj B" radio programme
Serbian journalists
University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy alumni
Living people
1951 births
Sărăteni is a commune in Leova District, Moldova. It is composed of two villages, Sărăteni and Victoria.
References
Communes of Leova District
Grenada competed at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary from 18 June to 3 July.
Swimming
Grenadian swimmers have achieved qualifying standards in the following events.
References
Nations at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships
Grenada at the World Aquatics Championships
World Aquatics Championships
Dicranoglossus resplendens is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Dicranoglossus.
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Kane Evans (born 9 January 1992) is a Fiji international rugby league footballer who plays as a for the Hull FC in the Super League.
He previously played for the Sydney Roosters, Parramatta Eels, and the New Zealand Warriors in the NRL, and New South Wales City and the World All Stars at representative level.
Background
Evans was born in Sydney, Australia.
Evans played his junior football for the Leichhardt Wanderers, Balmain Police Boys and Leichhardt Juniors before being signed by the Sydney Roosters.
In 2011 and 2012, Evans played for the Roosters' NYC team. At the end of 2011, Evans was named at prop in the 2011 NYC team of the year. In 2012, Evans played for the New South Wales under-20 team and the Junior Kangaroos. In 2013, Evans moved on to the Roosters' New South Wales Cup team, the Newtown Jets. At the end of 2013, Evans was named on the interchange bench in the 2013 New South Wales Cup team of the year and played for Fiji at the World Cup. Evans played 5 matches.
Playing career
2014
In round 2 of the 2014 NRL season, Evans made his NRL debut for the Sydney Roosters, coming off the interchange bench against the Parramatta Eels in the Roosters 56–4 win at the SFS. On 9 April 2014, Evans extended his contract for a further 3 years, keeping him at the Roosters until the end of the 2017 season. In May 2014 Evans was selected to play for Fiji in the 2014 Pacific Rugby League International against Samoa. Evans played at prop in Fiji's 16–32 loss at Penrith Stadium. Evans finished the 2014 NRL season having played in 9 matches for the Roosters.
2015
On 31 January and 1 February, Evans played for the Roosters in the 2015 NRL Auckland Nines. On 3 May, he played for New South Wales City against New South Wales Country in the 2015 City vs Country Origin, playing off in the interchange bench in City's 22–34 loss in Wagga Wagga. In round 15, against the St. George Illawarra Dragons, he scored his first NRL career try in the Roosters' 19–14 win at the Sydney Football Stadium. In round 21, against the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, he made headlines by producing shoulder charge on Bulldogs forward Sam Kasiano in the Roosters' 38–28 win at the Sydney Football Stadium. Evans finished off the 2015 season having played in 26 matches and scoring 3 tries for the Roosters. On 15 December, he was named on interchange bench for the World All Stars team to play the Indigenous All Stars on 16 February 2016.
2016
On 13 January, Evans was named in the emerging New South Wales Blues squad. On 13 February, he played for the World All Stars against the Indigenous All Stars in the 2016 All Stars match, playing off the interchange bench in his team's 12–8 win at Suncorp Stadium. On 7 May, he played for Fiji against Papua New Guinea in the 2016 Melanesian Cup, where he started at prop in the 24–22 loss at Parramatta Stadium. Evans finished the 2016 NRL season with him playing in 23 matches for the Roosters. On 8 October 2016, Evans played for Fiji against Samoa, starting at prop in the 20–18 win in Apia, Samoa.
2017
In February 2017, Evans was selected in the Roosters tournament winning 2017 NRL Auckland Nines squad. On 4 May 2017, Evans signed a 3-year contract with the Parramatta Eels, starting from 2018. On 6 May 2017, Evans played for Fiji against Tonga in the 2017 Pacific Cup Test, starting at prop in the 26–24 loss at Campbelltown Stadium. Evans finished his last year with the Sydney Roosters with him playing in 16 matches in the 2017 NRL season. On 7 October 2017, Evans was named in the 24-man squad for Fiji for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup. In Fiji's first pool match against the USA, Evans broke his wrist while scoring his try in the 58–12 rampaging win at 1300SMILES Stadium, ruling him out for the rest of the tournament with him only playing in 1 match.
2018
In Round 1 of the 2018 NRL season, Evans made his club debut for the Parramatta Eels against the Penrith Panthers, playing off the interchange bench in the 24–14 loss at Penrith Stadium. After losing their opening six games of the season, Evans was dropped to reserve grade by coach Brad Arthur along with a number of other players. Evans spoke to the media about being dropped saying “I've been going crap, I don't think I've been up to standard coming off injury from the World Cup and a few little injuries in pre-season. I definitely need to work on my fitness and I'll be doing that in the next couple of weeks, It's the truth, my game doesn't hide anything, You can think what you want, but I haven't been performing, You can see that in my stats and how I've been going.”
On 2 June 2018, Evans was accused of making a racial slur in a match involving Wentworthville and The New Zealand Warriors reserve grade side. With 4 minutes remaining, Evans allegedly said a racist slur at New Zealand player Joseph Vuna. Vuna made a complaint to the on-field referee Todd Smith, who placed Evans on report. On 7 June 2018, The NSWRL withdrew their racial slur charges against Evans.
On 4 August 2018, Evans was recalled to the Parramatta side for the first time in over 2 months to take on the Gold Coast. Parramatta went on to win the match 28–12.
Evans finished 2018 with 8 appearances for the club as Parramatta finished in last position on the table and claimed its 14th wooden spoon.
2019
Despite his poor form in 2018, Evans managed to remain in the Parramatta starting 17 for the beginning of the 2019 season. Evans played in the first 5 games of the year from the bench but was demoted to reserve grade by coach Brad Arthur after the club suffered a 19–0 defeat against the Canberra Raiders.
In round 12, Evans made his first start of the season for the run on side as Parramatta defeated a depleted South Sydney side 26–14 at Western Sydney Stadium.
In round 25, Evans played his 100th NRL game in Parramatta's 32–16 win over the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles at BankWest Stadium.
2020
Evans scored his first try of the 2020 NRL season in round 2 as Parramatta defeated the Gold Coast 46–6.
On 12 August, Evans signed a two-year deal to join the New Zealand Warriors starting in 2021.
2021
In round 5 of the 2021 NRL season, he made his debut for New Zealand against Manly-Warringah.
On 19 July, it was announced that Evans was under investigation by the NRL after cameras at the ground spotted an obscene message on Evans wrist tape which read “Fold some c**t”. Evans did not feature in New Zealand's round 18 match against Penrith as he was 18th man.
New Zealand CEO Cameron George spoke to the media saying “We don't accept that, we don't condone it, or think it's appropriate and I'm waiting to see if there is anything that comes from it from the NRL. I'm assuming that's going to be today and I told Kane this morning to be ready for something. So we'll wait and see what happens, but from a club perspective we'll work with the NRL and see where we land with everything".
On 21 July, Evans was fined $5000 by the NRL over the incident.
In round 21, Evans was sent to the sin bin twice during New Zealand's 18-16 victory over Cronulla. In one incident, Evans was sent to the bin after punching Cronulla player Will Chambers twice in the face.
In round 25, Evans was sent to the sin bin for fighting in the club's 44-0 loss against the Gold Coast.
The following week, Evans was suspended for five matches in relation to the incident.
On 8 October, Evans was released by the New Zealand Warriors even though the player still had one year left on his contract.
On 27 October, Evans signed a two-year deal to join English side Hull F.C.
2022
In round 4 of the 2022 Super League season, Evans made his club debut for Hull F.C. against Castleford. The following week, he was sent to the sin bin during the clubs victory over Leeds.
References
External links
Parramatta Eels profile
Sydney Roosters profile
NRL profile
2017 RLWC profile
1992 births
Living people
Australian people of Fijian descent
Australian rugby league players
Fiji national rugby league team players
Hull F.C. players
Junior Kangaroos players
New South Wales City Origin rugby league team players
New Zealand Warriors players
Newtown Jets NSW Cup players
NRL All Stars players
Parramatta Eels players
People educated at Matraville Sports High School
Rugby league players from Sydney
Rugby league props
Sydney Roosters players
Wentworthville Magpies players
George Henry Markham (January 24, 1837 – May 6, 1920) was an American farmer and politician.
Born in Leeds, England, Markham emigrated to the United States in 1856 and settled in Independence, Wisconsin. Markham was a farmer. He served as town treasurer, town clerk, justice of the peace, and chairman of the town board. In 1879, Markham served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and was a Republican. He died at his home in Independence, Wisconsin.
Notes
1837 births
1920 deaths
Politicians from Leeds
19th-century English people
People from Independence, Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
English emigrants to the United States
Wisconsin Republicans
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
The 1922–23 Ottawa Senators season was the club's 38th season of play and sixth season in the NHL. They were coming off a disappointing playoff run in 1922, as they lost to the Toronto St. Pats in the NHL finals in a close, hard-fought series. The Senators would finish first in the standings, defeat Montreal in the playoffs, defeat Vancouver in the Stanley Cup semi-finals and defeat Edmonton to win their tenth Stanley Cup title.
Regular season
Cy Denneny would once again have a strong season, scoring a team high 21 goals, and finishing 2nd in the NHL with 31 points. On February 7, Denneny would score his 143rd career goal, surpassing Joe Malone as the all-time goal scoring leader in a 3–0 Senators win over the Montreal Canadiens.
Defenceman Buck Boucher would get a career high 24 points (15 goals-9 assists), and would lead the club with 44 PIM.
Clint Benedict would once again have a very solid season, leading the league with 14 wins, 4 shutouts and a 2.18 GAA.
December
The Senators opened the 1922-23 season on the road against the Hamilton Tigers on December 16. Ottawa would lose a close game by a score of 4–3 in overtime, as Goldie Prodgers scored the winner for Hamilton. Four nights later, the Senators opened the home portion of their schedule, as they defeated the Toronto St. Patricks 7–2, as Punch Broadbent and Eddie Gerard each scored twice for Ottawa.
The Senators hit the road for a game against the Montreal Canadiens on December 23, as Clint Benedict recorded the shutout and Cy Denneny scored twice in a 3–0 victory. Four nights later, the Canadiens travelled to Ottawa to complete the home-and-home series, as despite two goals by Frank Nighbor, the teams battled to a 2–2 draw.
Ottawa played their final game of December at home against the Hamilton Tigers. Frank Nighbor scored two goals and the team was led by superb goaltending from Clint Benedict, as Ottawa defeated Hamilton 4–1.
The Senators finished with a 3-1-1 record in the month of December, earning seven points. Ottawa was in first place in the NHL standings, two points ahead of the second place Montreal Canadiens.
January
Ottawa opened the new year on the road with a game in Toronto against the Toronto St. Patricks on January 3. The Senators Cy Denneny scored twice, including the tying goal with five minutes remaining in the third, however, Toronto defeated Ottawa on an overtime goal by Babe Dye to win 3–2. The two teams met again three nights later in Ottawa, as the Senators, on a late third period goal by Punch Broadbent, which was his second goal of the game, hung on to defeat the St. Patricks 2–1.
On January 10, the Montreal Canadiens visited Ottawa, as the Senators, led by a three-goal game by Punch Broadbent, defeated the Canadiens 6–2. Following this game, Ottawa embarked on a two-game road trip. The first game was played in Hamilton on January 13, as the Senators were blown out by a score of 8–1 to the Hamilton Tigers. The road trip continued with a game played against the Montreal Canadiens, as the Canadiens defeated the Senators 2–1, making it the first time that the Senators lost consecutive games during the season.
Ottawa returned home on January 20, and ended their brief two game losing streaks with a solid 2–0 win over the Hamilton Tigers, as Clint Benedict earned the shutout. Ottawa returned to the road for a game in Toronto four nights later, and the Toronto St. Patricks defeated the Senators on an overtime goal by Reg Noble 2–1. The road trip continued on to a game in Hamilton on January 27, as the Tigers broke out to a 4–0 lead after the first period. The Senators fought back, and eventually won the game on an overtime goal by Punch Broadbent, as the final score was 6-5 for Ottawa.
The Senators returned to home ice for their final game of the month against the Toronto St. Patricks on January 31. The Senators hung on to defeat the St. Patricks by a score of 2–1, behind the strong goaltending of Clint Benedict.
The club earned a record of 5-4-0 in nine games played in January. Overall, Ottawa had a win–loss record of 8-5-1 at the end of the month, earning 17 points, and hanging onto first place in the NHL, one point ahead of the second place Montreal Canadiens.
February
The Senators opened February with a road game against the Montreal Canadiens on February 3, as the Canadiens defeated Ottawa 4–1, dropping the Senators into second place in the NHL standings. Four nights later, the two clubs met again, this time in Ottawa, as the Senators regained first place with a 3–0 victory, as Georges Boucher scored twice and Clint Benedict earned the shutout.
On February 10, the Hamilton Tigers visited Ottawa, and the Senators, led by two goal games by Eddie Gerard and Georges Boucher, defeated the Tigers 8–3. Four nights later, on Valentine's Day, the Senators travelled to Toronto to play against the Toronto St. Patricks, as the St. Patricks defeated the Senators 6–4. History was made in this game, as the third period of play was broadcast on radio by CFCA, which was the first radio broadcast of an NHL game.
The Senators returned for a two-game home stand beginning on February 17, as Ottawa shutout the Montreal Canadiens 2–0, with Clint Benedict earning the shutout. In the second game of the home stand, the Senators defeated the Toronto St. Patricks 6–1, as Cy Denneny led the team with four goals in the win.
Ottawa briefly returned on the road for a game in Hamilton on February 24, as the Senators, led by another four goal game by Cy Denneny, defeated the Hamilton Tigers 5–1. The month concluded with the Senators and Tigers meeting in Ottawa on February 28, as the Senators, led by a three-goal game by Georges Boucher defeated Hamilton 6–3.
Ottawa finished February with a 6-2-0 record during eight games. Overall, the Senators record was 14-7-1, earning 29 points, as the club had clinched first place in the NHL standings, earning a berth in the NHL finals.
March
Ottawa concluded the season with a two-game road trip. On March 3, the Senators were shutout by the Montreal Canadiens 1–0, as Georges Vezina earned the shutout for the Canadiens. Two nights later, the Senators ended the regular season with a 2–0 loss to the Toronto St. Patricks, as Toronto goaltender John Ross Roach earned the shutout.
Ottawa had a 0-2-0 record in two games in March. Overall, the Senators finished the season 14-9-1, earning 29 points and finishing in first place in the NHL standings.
Final standings
Record vs. opponents
Schedule and results
Playoffs
In the NHL finals, the Senators would face the Montreal Canadiens in a two-game total-goals series to determine the O'Brien Cup winner.
The Senators opened the series on the road at the Mount Royal Arena in Montreal on March 7. After a goalless first period, the Senators Cy Denneny opened the scoring in the second period on the powerplay, giving Ottawa a 1–0 lead after two periods. In the third period, Jack Darragh put Ottawa up 2–0 on another powerplay goal, as Clint Benedict stopped every shot that he faced, as Ottawa shutout the Canadiens 2–0.
The series concluded two nights later in Ottawa, with the Senators leading the total-goals series 2–0. Montreal came out firing in the first period, as Aurel Joliat and Billy Boucher each scored for the Canadiens, as they took a 2–0 lead after the first period. After no scoring in the second period, it was the Senators Cy Denneny scoring midway through the third period, as despite the 2–1 loss in the second game, the Senators won the total-goals series 3–2.
Ottawa Senators 3, Montreal Canadiens 2
The Maroons lost to the Edmonton Eskimos in the WCHL Finals, so they would have to face Ottawa, with the winner of this series playing Edmonton for the Stanley Cup. The series was played at Denman Arena in Vancouver.
The series opened on March 16 in Vancouver. The Senators and Maroons played a tightly defensive game, as the game remained tied 0-0 after two periods. In the third period, the Senators Punch Broadbent broke the scoreless tie, as Ottawa held on to win the game 1-0 and take the series opener. Goaltender Clint Benedict recorded the shutout for the Senators.
In the second game played on March 19, the Maroons broke out of their scoring slump, scoring three goals in the first period to take a 3–0 lead, as Frank Boucher scored twice for Vancouver, while Art Duncan scored the other goal. Duncan scored his second goal of the game in the second period, extending Vancouver's lead to 4–0. In the third period, Ottawa's Georges Boucher broke the shutout, however, Vancouver won the game 4-1 and evened the series up at one game each.
The third game of the series was played on March 23. Vancouver opened the scoring on a goal by Alf Skinner, however, the Senators Punch Broadbent scored twice, as Ottawa took a 2–1 lead into the first intermission. Mickey MacKay of the Maroons tied the game with a goal late in the second period, as Ottawa and Vancouver were tied 2-2 after two periods. In the third period, the Senators Frank Nighbor scored a goal 2:13 into the period, as Ottawa hung on to defeat the Maroons 3-2 and re-take the series lead.
The fourth game was played on March 26 and was a must-win for the Maroons. The Senators struck first, as Georges Boucher and Eddie Gerard scored to give Ottawa a 2–0 lead after the first period. Ottawa's Punch Broadbent scored the lone goal of the second period, extending the Senators lead to 3-0 after two periods. The Senators King Clancy scored midway through the third period, as Ottawa took a 4–0 lead. The Maroons were finally able to beat Clint Benedict with just over three minutes remaining in the game on a goal by Smokey Harris. Ottawa's Punch Broadbent scored his second goal of the game with just four seconds remaining, as the Senators won the game 5-1 and won the series.
Ottawa Senators 3, Vancouver Maroons 1
Ottawa Senators 2, Edmonton Eskimos 0
The 1923 Stanley Cup Finals would be the best of three series between Ottawa and Edmonton. The series was played at Denman Arena in Vancouver.
The series opened on March 29, as the two clubs skated to a scoreless first period. The Eskimos opened the scoring in the second period, as Crutchy Morrison scored midway through the period, giving Edmonton a 1–0 lead. In the third period, the Senators Lionel Hitchman tied the game 13:04 into the period, sending the game into overtime. In the extra period, the Senators Cy Denneny scored just 2:08 into overtime, giving the Senators a 2–1 victory and taking the first game of the series.
The second game of the series was played two nights later, on March 31. Ottawa's Punch Broadbent scored a powerplay goal midway through the first period to give Ottawa a 1–0 lead. In the second period, Senators goaltender Clint Benedict took a two-minute penalty, as King Clancy took his spot in goal for the two minutes. The Eskimos were unable to score on the powerplay. In the third period, the Eskimos were unable to beat Benedict, as Ottawa won the game 1-0 and won the 1923 Stanley Cup by sweeping Edmonton in two games.
Games played at Denman Arena in Vancouver, British Columbia
Victorious return to Ottawa
The Senators returned home on Friday, April 6, 1923, from Vancouver. Greeted by Ottawa Mayor Plant, and accompanied by the Governor-Generals Foot Guards and the Ottawa Silver Band, the team paraded through Ottawa's downtown streets. A banquet was held for the team on Monday, April 19, where each of the ten team members received a gold watch. According to Mayor Plant, "this is a citizens' banquet, not a civic one, as the citizens believe you have given Ottawa the best advertising it has ever had."
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Awards and records
Transactions
The Senators were involved in the following transactions during the 1922–23 season.
Trades
Free agents signed
Free agents lost
See also
1922–23 NHL season
List of Stanley Cup champions
References
SHRP Sports
The Internet Hockey Database
National Hockey League Guide & Record Book 2007
Stanley Cup championship seasons
Ottawa Senators (original) seasons
Ottawa
Ottawa
1923 Stanley Cup
Leanne Walker (born 17 July 1968) is a New Zealand former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics. Walker also competed for New Zealand at the 1994 World Championship held in Australia.
References
1968 births
Living people
New Zealand women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of New Zealand
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Padishah is a title of nobility roughly meaning 'emperor' in Persian languages, primarily used for the Sultan of the Turkish Empire.
Padshah, Padshah, Badshah or Padişah may also refer to:
Imperial/royal ruler styles
Sultan of the Ottoman Empire, also referred to as the Padishah
Padshah-i Hind, the main title of the 'Great Mughal', paramount ruler of Hindustan (India)
Padishah Bahadur, meaning 'a rank above Padshah'
Padshah-e Awadh, assumed by the former Nawabs of Awadh
Fictional rulers
Padishah Emperor of the Known Universe, in Frank Herbert's Dune novels
The ruler of the Empire of Kelesh in the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game
Other uses
Padshah (Zabul), an Afghan appointed to Afghanistan's First Constitutional Loya Jirga, see Constitutional Loya Jirga
Padishah Khatun (1256-1295), Mongol poet and empress
See also
Padishah Bahadur
Badshah (disambiguation)
Thomas Spur () is a prominent spur extending eastward from Rawson Plateau between Moffett and Tate Glaciers, in the Queen Maud Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–64. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Harry F. Thomas, meteorologist, South Pole Station winter party, 1960.
Ridges of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
Arthur Henry Havens Sinclair MD FRSE FRCSEd LLD (20 February 1868 – 30 Jun 1962) was a 20th-century Scottish ophthalmologist. He was a pioneer of quantitative perimetry, introducing this technique of visual field testing to Britain. Sinclair also introduced the operation of intracapsular extraction of the lens for cataract into the UK. He was President of the Ophthalmological Society of the United Kingdom from 1931 to 1933 and was President of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh from 1933 to 1935. He was Surgeon-Oculist to King George VI in Scotland.
Early life
Sinclair was born at Kenmore in Perthshire on 20 February 1868, the youngest son of Rev Alan Sinclair, minister of the Free Church of Kenmore, and his wife Sarah (née Fraser). He studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh graduating from MB CM in 1893 and went on to graduate with the postgraduate degree of MD in 1899.
Career
Having decided to specialise in ophthalmology at an early stage, he gained experience in that speciality by visiting clinics in London, Utrecht and Copenhagen. He became a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh in 1899.
Also in 1899 he was appointed clinical assistant in ophthalmology at the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh (RIE) under Sir George Berry from whom he learned the fundamentals of clinical perimetry. Berry maintained links with the ophthalmic surgeons in Copenhagen who had developed the technique and Sinclair was able to develop this further. In 1905 he was made Assistant Ophthalmic Surgeon in the RIE and Ophthalmic Surgeon to Leith Hospital and to the Royal Hospital for Sick Children in Edinburgh.
In the First World War he served in the Royal Army Medical Corps with the Salonika Expeditionary Force. From 1922 to 1932 he was Surgeon in charge of wards at the RIE.
His main contributions to ophthalmology were the introduction of quantitative perimetry, a method for measuring the visual fields. he described the use of this technique in the diagnosis of glaucoma. Sinclair introduced the operation of intracapsular extraction of the lens for cataract. His series of 257 cases published in 1932 was regarded as showing the best results published to that time.
After retiring he became chairman of the W H Ross Foundation for the Study of the Prevention of Blindness. It was on Sinclair's suggestion the fund was established. Among the advances which the Foundation made was the successful treatment of infections of the cornea in coal miners which greatly reduced the resulting blindness in that occupational group.
Honours and awards
In 1927 he became President of the Ophthalmologigical Section of the British Medical Association and in 1938 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Francis Albert Eley Crew, Orlando Charnock Bradley, Sir Harold Stiles, James Watt and Ralph Stockman. Sinclair was a member of the Royal Company of Archers, the Queen's Bodyguard for Scotland. He was President of the Ophthalmological Society of the United Kingdom from 1931 to 1933 and was President of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh from 1933 to 1935. He was Surgeon-Oculist to King George VI in Scotland. from 1929
Death
He died at home in Edinburgh on 30 June 1962. He was buried in Dean Cemetery in western Edinburgh. The grave lies at the western end of the south-west section within the first north extension. He is also memorialised on his parents' grave in Kenmore.
Publications
The Pathology of the Idiopathic Detachment of the Retina (1901)
The Early Diagnosis of Glaucoma
Developmental Aphasia also known as Congenital Word-Blindness or Dyslexia (1948)
Family
In 1898 he married Mabel Kennedy Tod (1871-1947). They had one son and one daughter. Prior to the First World War he lived at 5 Walker Street in Edinburgh's West End. Between the wars he lived at 22 Rothesay Terrace, a spacious two-level apartment in Edinburgh's West End. Latterly he lived in Charlotte Square, the elegant Adam-designed square in Edinburgh's New Town.
References
1868 births
1962 deaths
People from Perthshire
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
University of Edinburgh Medical School alumni
Scottish ophthalmologists
Presidents of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Burials at the Dean Cemetery
Kakapo Nunatak () is the southern of two similar nunataks that lie apart and north-northeast of Mount Bird in northwestern Ross Island. It rises to about and, like Takahe Nunatak close northeast, appears to be part of an ice-covered crater rim. Kakapo Nunatak is one of several features near Mount Bird assigned the native name of a New Zealand mountain bird, in this case the kakapo. It was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 2000.
References
Nunataks of Ross Island
Zequinha (1935-2009), born Jose Ferreira Franco, was a Brazilian football midfielder
Zequinha may also refer to:
Zequinha de Abreu (1880-1935), Brazilian musician and composer
Zequinha (footballer, born 1948), born José Márcio Pereira da Silva, Brazilian football forward
Zequinha Marinho (born 1959), Brazilian politician
Zequinha (footballer, born 1987), born José Egas dos Santos Branco, Portuguese football forward
Aldochlay is a small hamlet in Argyll and Bute, Scotland, on the shore of Loch Lomond opposite the island of Inchtavannach and just south of Luss. It was formerly part of Dunbartonshire, but is now part of Argyll and Bute. The hamlet has no speed limit sign, due to it being a quiet hamlet.
It is known to many people for the small statue of a boy on a plinth in the loch.
References
Hamlets in Argyll and Bute
Tenax Steamship Co v Owners of the Motor Vessel Brimnes [1974] EWCA Civ 15 is an English contract law case on agreement. It decided that communication of withdrawal of an offer by telex is effective when it could be read, rather than when it is in fact read.
Judgment
The Court of Appeal held that it took place when it was received in the charterer's office, not when it was read. Accepting the submissions of Robert Goff QC, Edmund-Davies LJ said this in the course of his judgment.
See also
English contract law
Notes
English agreement case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1974 in case law
1974 in British law
Sangla Hill, is a tehsil in the Nankana Sahib District of the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It lies 103 km from the provincial capital of Lahore and 47 km from Faisalabad. Until 2005, it was part of Sheikhupura District.
Education
Colleges
Government Islamia Graduate College Sangla Hill
Jinnah Polytechnic Institute
Fauji foundation college
Schools
Dar-e-Arqam Schools
White Rose School System
St. Anthony's High School
Notable persons
Hameed Nizami
Chaudhry Muhammad Barjees Tahir
References
2. Municipal Committee Sangla Hill
Populated places in Nankana Sahib District
Tehsils of Punjab, Pakistan
Nankana Sahib District
2005 establishments in Pakistan
Muhamed Alrasheed Mahamoud Shambaly (born 1 January 1994) is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al-Merrikh and the Sudan national football team.
References
Living people
1994 births
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Association football midfielders
Al-Merrikh SC players
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Syerleena Abdul Rashid (born 31 August 1980) is a Malaysian politician who has served as Member of the Penang State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Seri Delima since May 2018. She served as Member of the Penang Island City Council from 2015 to 2018. She is a member of the Democratic Action Party (DAP), a component party of the state ruling but federal opposition Pakatan Harapan (PH) coalition.
In addition to her involvement in politics, Syerleena had been a columnist for The Malaysian Insider and contributed extensively in various online news portals. She was also formerly a member of Aliran, a local non-governmental organisation, as well as an anti-human trafficking movement.
Political career
Syerleena joined the Democratic Action Party (DAP) in 2013, after being encouraged by her associate, Chris Lee Chun Kit. Both Syerleena and Chris were subsequently appointed as councillors of the Penang Island City Council, with Syerleena taking office in the local government in January 2015.
On 26 April 2018, prior to the Penang state election that year, Syerleena stepped down as a Councillor of the Penang Island City Council and was selected to contest the state constituency of Seri Delima. She faced a three cornered tussle for the constituency, and had to endure personal attacks and harassment by her opponents, especially Barisan Nasional (BN) far-rights from the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO). In spite of these, Syerleena prevailed in the election, winning by a margin of 13,211 votes.
Syerleena continued to face harassment by Muslim extremists after the election. In July 2018, she received a death threat accompanied by two slanderous messages, accusing her of wanting to weaken Islamic institutions and make Christianity the country's official religion.
DAP Penang
Syerleena formally joined DAP in 2013 and is currently the Assistant Publicity Secretary for DAP Penang and a National Executive Committee Member for DAP Wanita (the national women's wing of the party).
Syerleena is one of the DAP leaders being sued for defamation by UUM lecturer, Kamarul Zaman Yusoff for a statement she had written in 2017 “Save yourself first and leave the rest of the nation alone” which was published by several online news portals.
Awards and Recognition
YSEALI
In 2015, Syerleena was selected to participate in the Young Southeast Asian Leaders Initiative, also known as YSEALI a highly-competitive cultural exchange program for Southeast Asian emerging leaders sponsored by the U.S. Bureau of Education and Cultural Affairs under the U.S Department of State. Under the Fall of 2015 cohort, Professional Fellowship Program, she spent 4 weeks with the Des Moines City Council, Iowa.
ACYPL-US State Department Exchange Delegate
Syerleena was selected as a delegate for the American Council of Young Political Leaders Exchange Program in collaboration with the United States government's State Department and observed election rallies of presidential candidates including that of Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders as well as observed a caucus in Iowa.
Personal life
In February 2021, Syerleena married Tom Osborn, and is the guitarist and songwriter for local rock band, Priwayat that she formed with fellow DAP member, Zairil Khir Johari and guitarist for Post-Rock Pioneers of Malaysia, DDA, Shankar.
Education
Syerleena was a Graphic Communication graduate from School of Arts, Universiti Sains Malaysia in Penang, but prior to that she had received her primary and secondary education from Convent Green Lane.
Election results
See also
Seri Delima (state constituency)
References
Living people
People from Penang
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
Democratic Action Party (Malaysia) politicians
Members of the Penang State Legislative Assembly
Women MLAs in Penang
Universiti Sains Malaysia alumni
21st-century Malaysian politicians
1980 births
This is a complete list of episodes of Maison Ikkoku, an anime television, OVA, and film series based on the manga by Rumiko Takahashi. There were 96 regular episodes, three OVAs, an animated film, and a live action film.
The anime uses five opening theme songs and six closing themes. The first opening theme is "Kanashimi yo Konnichi wa" by Yuki Saito, used for the first 37 episodes with the exception of episode 24, which uses "Alone Again (Naturally)" by Gilbert O'Sullivan, although the previous opening takes its place in the English dub due to copyright issues. The opening theme that replaced the first opening in episode 38 is "Suki sa" by Anzen Chitai which was used until episode 52. The last two opening themes are "Sunny Shiny Morning" by Kiyonori Matsuo, used from episodes 53–76 and "Hidamari" by Kōzō Murashita for the remainder of the series. The first ending theme for the first 14 episodes is "Ashita Hareru ka" by Takao Kisugi, which was replaced by "Ci·ne·ma" by Picasso in episode 15 which continued to be in use until episode 33. In episode 24, that theme was replaced by "Get Down" also by O'Sullivan but same reason as before with the second opening theme. The second ending theme was replaced by "Fantasy" by Picasso in episode 34 which continued to be in use until episode 52. The final two ending themes are "Sayonara no Sobyō" ("Sayonara no dessan") by Picasso which was used for episodes 53–76 and "Begin the Night" by Picasso for the remainder of the series.
Television series
Season 1 (1986)
Season 2 (1986–87)
Season 3 (1987)
Season 4 (1987–88)
Original video animations
Film
Live action
Toei Company released a live action movie after the first season on 10 October 1986. There were also 2 live-action TV specials aired in 2007 and 2008.
References
Episodes
Maison Ikkoku
The Pat Sajak Show was an American late-night television talk show that aired on CBS from January 9, 1989, to April 13, 1990.
Cast
The show was hosted by Pat Sajak, best known as host of the game show Wheel of Fortune. To do the talk show, Sajak left the NBC daytime version of Wheel, but remained the host of the syndicated nighttime version he is still hosting as of 2022.
Sajak's announcer and sidekick on the show was Dan Miller, his friend and former colleague from their time working together in the mid-1970s at WSM-TV (now WSMV-TV) in Nashville, Tennessee. The in-studio band was led by jazz musician Tom Scott, who subsequently served the same role on the short-lived Chevy Chase Show.
The house band members were: Tom Scott (saxes), Jerry Peters (piano), Barnaby Finch (keyboard), Art Rodriguez (drums), Tim Landers (bass), Eric Gale (guitar), Carlos Rios (musician) (guitar), David Koz (saxes, flute and the EWI—electronic wind instrument)
History
Pre-production
Sajak was hired by Michael Brockman, the CBS vice-president for daytime, children's and late-night programming, who wanted to have a late-night talk show established when Johnny Carson eventually announced his retirement from NBC's The Tonight Show. Brockman had known Sajak since the two worked for NBC in the late 1970s. At that time, Brockman had approached Sajak, then a weatherman at KNBC-TV in Los Angeles, about hosting a game show, but Sajak rejected the idea, saying what he really wanted to do was host a talk show. Brockman kept him in mind over the years, and at a lunch meeting in 1986 he reminded Sajak (who by then was hosting Wheel) about the conversation. Sajak confirmed his interest in a talk show, and Brockman went to work getting approvals from his management for the plan and getting network affiliates to commit to the show.
CBS spent more than $4 million for a new sound stage for the show at its Television City studios located above the four studios on the first floor. A staff of more than 30 was hired, and Sajak signed a guaranteed two-year contract for what was reportedly $60,000 a week.
In an interview held a month before the show premiered, Sajak said he was "not looking to raise the level of TV"; he summarized the elements planned for the show, a plan that "steal[s] liberally" from talk shows past and present.
Premiere
Chevy Chase was the show's first guest; his interview was followed by one with Joan Van Ark, a performance by and brief interview with The Judds, an interview with the outgoing commissioner of baseball, Peter Ueberroth (interrupted briefly when Chase, who followed late-night talk show conventions of the time and remained seated on stage during the show's other guest appearances, raised his hand and asked if he could go to the bathroom). There was an interview with Michael Gross, and then the show ended with a performance by stand-up comic Dennis Wolfberg.
Format
The show's set was similar to that of The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. Its format emulated Carson's model, featuring a monologue, comedy bits, interviews with celebrities, and performances by musicians and comedians. The Pat Sajak Show began as a 90-minute talk show, but was reduced to 60 minutes in October 1989. CBS executives said the show was shortened because the late-night talk show format was better suited for a 60-minute time slot.
Rush Limbaugh
Two weeks before The Pat Sajak Show was canceled, on March 30, 1990, radio host Rush Limbaugh made headlines when he guest hosted the program, and, in a departure from its regular format, entered the audience to get a response about the veto of a bill in Idaho that would have restricted abortion. Directly after announcing that the bill was vetoed, Limbaugh went to the first woman who stood up and was cheering the loudest. The woman denounced Limbaugh's anti-abortion statements earlier in the show, stating "women's lives are more important than any potato" and "You don't know what it's about. You'll never have a baby, you'll never be pregnant. You'll never have an abortion." After a verbal confrontation with the angry woman in the audience, followed by an angry man shouting, "We are gonna be wherever you are and we're gonna denounce and expose you," Limbaugh addressed the camera and stated that he went into the audience in an attempt to show the viewing public that there was an underlying prejudice against him. Due to heckling, Limbaugh decided to conduct his interview with Sydney Biddle Barrows in another studio.
After a commercial break, Limbaugh attempted to address the topic of affirmative action, but was heckled again by several male audience members wearing ACT UP T-shirts, calling him a "murderer" before he could make a point. Limbaugh sat silently with the camera focused on him for nearly a minute while audience members continued shouting phrases such as "You want people to die!" Limbaugh responded with, "I am not responsible for your behavior."
After another break, Limbaugh returned and conducted the final segment after the audience had been cleared. He stated that the audience was not "evicted from the studio" or "forcibly restrained from doing anything they did" and gave CBS credit for handling the situation in the manner it did.
Limbaugh later claimed that the dissident audience members were planted by the show's producers as a publicity stunt.
Cancellation
During its final weeks, Sajak worked four days per week, with a guest host on Fridays. More than a decade later, Sajak (serving as guest host of Larry King Live) interviewed Limbaugh and facetiously said the show "was going so well that they actually auditioned replacements for me on the air." Limbaugh all but confirmed the suspicion.
On April 9, 1990, CBS announced the cancellation due to low ratings, which were generally half the level of Carson's, and were further diminished by The Arsenio Hall Show, which had been launched in syndication the same month as Sajak's show. Some affiliates delayed the show or never carried the program at all, choosing to air sitcom reruns or syndicated shows; there were even some that actually carried Arsenio instead.
The final show aired on April 13, 1990. Because it was a Friday, Sajak did not appear, and comedian Paul Rodríguez hosted in his place.
CBS restored its CBS Late Night block of movies and reruns, which The Pat Sajak Show replaced earlier, and would not program another late-night talk show until the Late Show with David Letterman debuted in August 1993. That show proved far more successful, with Letterman hosting until May 2015 and Stephen Colbert taking over the show in September of the same year.
Legacy
Studio 56 at CBS Television City, where The Pat Sajak Show was taped, would later host numerous other talk shows, including The Dennis Miller Show, Politically Incorrect, The Tyra Banks Show, The Wanda Sykes Show and Rove LA. In September 2012, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson moved into Studio 56, returning a CBS late night talk show to that location over 22 years after The Pat Sajak Show was cancelled. As a tribute, Ferguson installed an autographed publicity photo of Sajak from The Pat Sajak Show era on the Late Late Show set's faux-mantelpiece, alongside those of Letterman and previous Late Late Show hosts Tom Snyder and Craig Kilborn. James Corden took over The Late Late Show in 2015, which remains in Studio 56 with a completely redesigned set.
Rush Limbaugh would begin a run in syndicated television in 1992, following a similar format to the one he used guest-hosting The Pat Sajak Show. The show aired from 1992 to 1996.
Sajak's first guest Chevy Chase went on to host his own late night talk show on Fox in 1993, which proved even less successful than Sajak's own show.
See also
List of late-night American network TV programs
References
External links
1989 American television series debuts
1990 American television series endings
1980s American television talk shows
1990s American television talk shows
1980s American variety television series
1990s American variety television series
1980s American late-night television series
1990s American late-night television series
English-language television shows
CBS late-night programming
The Afrikaans Language and Culture Association (Afrikaans: Afrikaanse Taal- en Kultuurvereniging), ATKV, is a society that aims to promote the Afrikaans language and culture. The association was founded in 1930 in Cape Town. Since its inception and up to the end of Apartheid in 1994, membership was only open to members of the Afrikaner Christian community. Membership was thereafter opened to include people of all ethnicities, sharing the same values as the ATKV (i.e. speaking Afrikaans and belonging to the Christian faith).
History
The Witwatersrand Gold Rush of 1886 and Anglo Boer War (1899–1902) resulted in an influx of foreigners to the Zuid Afrikaanse Republiek. Because the Boer Republics became British colonies right after the Anglo Boer War, the Afrikaners felt marginalised and stigmatised. This culminated in the mass urbanisation of unskilled Afrikaners during the great depression years. Like many British soldiers and immigrants the impoverished Afrikaners found refuge in the former South African Railways. Provision was made for them by the South African Government in railway camps (a forerunner of the Apartheid Township) later known as "Spoorwegkampe".
The combination of the above factors caused the Afrikaners to fear erosion of their culture and language. In 1930 Edwin Robert Carney and Sybrand (Sybie) Jacobus van der Spuy started talking about an association for Afrikaners. Van der Spuy felt that an Afrikaans debate association would be sufficient. Edwin Carney showed preference to the idea of an Afrikaans language and culture association because in his opinion such an association would have more bargaining power to the authorities.
On Tuesday, 19 August 1930, twelve Afrikaners from different sections of the railway services met in Cape Town and the Afrikaans Language and Cultural Association (ATKV) was founded. Sybie van der Spuy was chosen as the first chairman and HJ Kamerman as the first secretary of the newly founded ATKV.
Controversy
The ATKV has been controversial on membership issues in the past, most notably:
In 2000 the ATKV rejected two applicants because they did not comply with the organisation's policy that members had to belong to the Christian faith.
Again, in 2004 the ATKV was as the center of a membership issue when it denied a Muslim couple membership to its Goudini spa. Fritz Kok (managing director of the organisation at that time) said: "We do not exclude other religious beliefs and cultures from participating in projects and festivals which we run throughout the year. Everyone is welcome. However, when it comes to applying for membership, we have to be united in our beliefs as we are the ones who formulate important policies on various issues. The ATKV was founded with Christian values at the core of its operations. We follow all our business dealings and other operations under the guidance of what the Bible says. Therefore we cannot have members of other faiths join – there would be conflict of beliefs,".
Publications
Die Taalgenoot is a quarterly magazine published by the ATKV for its members, with content sourced from Afrikaans speaking people in South Africa and in the diaspora.
Holiday resorts
The ATKV owns and operates seven holiday resorts in South Africa. Historically these resorts were only open to white Afrikaans speakers that were members of the ATKV. Since the early 1990s these resorts have been open to the general public with discount to organisation members.
These seven resorts are:
Buffelspoort (near Rustenburg).
Drakensville (nestles in the foothills of the majestic Amphitheatre in the Northern Drakensberg, approximately 350 km from Johannesburg and 250 km from Durban between the town Bergville and Jagersrust. ).
Eiland Spa (within the Hans Merensky-nature reserve).
Goudini Spa (near Worcester, Western Cape).
Hartenbos (in Hartenbos).
Klein-Kariba (near Bela-Bela).
Natalia (near Winkelspruit).
Crescendo / CrescendoKreatief
Beginning 1994, ATKV started organising an annual music competition dedicated to Afrikaans music. The competition was known as Crescendo from its inception until 2005. In 2006, it was renamed CrescendoKreatief and became a songwriting-based competition. The competition was terminated after the 2012 competition season.
Winners of Crescendo
1974 – Eoudia de Kock / Rouel Beukes
1975 – Randall Wicomb
1976 – Randall Wicomb
1977 – Randall Wicomb
1978 – Rina Hugo / Bruce Sanderson
1979 – Anneli van Rooyen
1980 – Karin Hougaard
1981 – Gisela de Villiers
1982 – Johan Badenhorst
1983 – Stephen Mundell
1984 – Take 5
1985 – Innes / Franna Benadé
1986 – Pieter van der Westhuizen / Gavin Davies
1987 – Bosch-Troebadoers
1988 – Coleské
1989 – Greta Jones
1990 – Die Boschenzangers
1991 – Rian du Toit
1992 – Natasja Groeneveld
1993 – Lizanne Helberg
1994 – Sanet Nel
1995 – Wikus du Toit
1997 – Anna Davel
1998 – B-Natural
1999 – Petronel Baard
2000 – Réana Nel
2001 – Joe Niemand / Jaco du Plessis
2002 – Jak de Priester
2003 – Hi-5
2004 – Werner van Coller
2005 – Carlè van Deventer
Winners of CrescendoKreatief
2006 – Hanno van Heerden
2007 – Geen
2008 – William Loots
2009 – Shane Heynie
2010 – Elzahn Rinquest
2011 – Babette Viljoen
2012 – Fran Carstens
Projects
The ATKV has been active in many areas of South African culture and language.
Some projects ATKV are part of or sponsor include:
National Afrikaans Olympiad
Rieldans
Ligteliedjiewerkswinkel (Song writing)
Mediaveertjies (Media Awards)
ATKV-Tienertoneel (Teen – Drama) https://atkv.org.za/neem-deel/jeugprojekte/tienertoneel/
ATKV-Tjokkertoneel (Primary School - Drama) https://atkv.org.za/neem-deel/jeugprojekte/tjokkertoneel/
ATKV-Skryfskool (Writing School)
ATKV-Applous (School Choir Competition)https://atkv.org.za/neem-deel/jeugprojekte/applous/
ATKV-Komposisiekompetisie (Composition Competition) https://atkv.org.za/neem-deel/musiek-en-dansprojekte/komposisiekompetisie/
ATKV-Entrepreneurs https://atkv.org.za/neem-deel/jeugprojekte/entrepreneurs/
ATKV-Redenaars (Public speaking) https://atkv.org.za/neem-deel/jeugprojekte/redenaars/
ATKV-Spanredenaars (Public Speaking)
ATKV-Debat (Debate)https://atkv.org.za/neem-deel/jeugprojekte/debat/
ATKV-Jeugleierssimposium (Youth leaders symposium) https://atkv.org.za/neem-deel/jeugprojekte/jeugleiersimposium/
ATKV-Jeugberaad (Youth Discussion)https://atkv.org.za/neem-deel/jeugprojekte/jeugberaad/
ATKV-Leiersontwikkeling (Leader Development)
ATKV-Spelathon (Spelling competition) https://atkv.org.za/neem-deel/jeugprojekte/spelathon/
They also sponsor several South African arts festivals:
Aardklop
KKNK (Klein Karoo Nasionale Kunstefees)
Nampo – Agricultural Trade Show (Held annually near Bothaville in the Free State Province).
InniBOS
Vryfees
Woordfees
Snoek & Patat Fees
Other areas of operation
ATKV Hartenbos Museum
During 1937 the ATKV decided to establish a museum in Hartenbos. As the idea of the Symbolic Ox Wagon Trek of 1938 originated in Hartenbos, the museum concentrates on the Great Trek of 1838 (when the Boers, dissatisfied with British rule, left the Cape Colony en masse). The museum also focuses on the history of Hartenbos itself.
The Museum is well stocked with ox wagons, weapons, and other historic artefacts, and is divided into ten halls depicting various aspects of the overall theme:
Hall 1: Preparation for the Great Trek;
Hall 2: Outspan (camping and relaxing) at the end of a day's journey;
Hall 3: Repairing the ox wagons;
Hall 4: Building the laager (a camp with the wagons drawn into a circle for protections against attack);
Hall 5: Relaxation during the Great Trek
Hall 6: Daily activities (baking bread, candle making);
Hall 7: Settling after the journey (featuring family worship in a Boer homestead);
Hall 8: The Voortrekkers' freedom struggle;
Hall 9: The Symbolic Ox Wagon Trek of 1938;
Hall 10: The History of Hartenbos.
References
Afrikaans
Afrikaner culture in South Africa
Afrikaner nationalism
Non-profit organisations based in South Africa
Organisations based in Johannesburg
The Crow Tribal General Council, the governing body of the Crow Nation, through the adoption of the 2001 Crow Tribal Constitution, established a three-branch government with a separation of powers. There is an Executive Branch, Legislative Branch, and Judicial Branch.
The Executive Branch is composed of four independently elected officials (Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Secretary, and Vice-Secretary) and all agencies and departments. The four elected officials serve concurrent four year terms (term limit of two).
The Legislative Branch is composed of 18 legislators (called "senators" as a matter of courtesy), with three elected in staggered terms from each of the six districts of the Crow Indian Reservation. The Crow senators serve four year terms with no term limits.
The Judicial Branch is composed of courts established in the Crow Law and Order Code. Currently, there is a Crow Tribal Court (general jurisdiction), Crow Juvenile Court, and a Crow Court of Appeals. A Traditional Supreme Court has been established by law but is not yet implemented. The judges of the Crow Tribal Court are elected to unlimited, four-year terms.
See also
Crow chairperson
References
Ian Caesar Potter (born 2 September 1938) is a former English cricketer. He played for Kent County Cricket Club and Oxford University between 1959 and 1962.
Potter was born at Woking in Surrey in 1938. He was educated at The King's School, Canterbury where he played cricket in the school XI, appearing for Southern School and Public Schools sides at Lord's in 1957.
Potter, who played primarily as a bowler, made this first-class debut for Kent in 1959, playing against Cambridge University. He played most of his first-class cricket for Oxford, making 16 appearances for the side between 1960 and 1962, including playing in two University Matches and winning cricket Blues in 1961 and 1962. He played two County Championship matches for Kent in 1961, but did not play first-class cricket after leaving university. He played 26 times for Kent's Second XI between 1959 and 1962 and won a hockey Blue for Oxford.
Potter graduated from Oxford with a BA in Zoology in 1962, before moving to Australia. He completed a PhD thesis studying the biology of lampreys in 1968 at the University of New South Wales, before working at Duke University in the United States and conducting research at the University of Bath in the UK, where he was later appointed as a lecturer. In 1976 he moved to Murdoch University in Australia, becoming the inaugural Professor of Animal Biology, later becoming a Research Professor.
References
1938 births
Living people
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Sportspeople from Woking
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford
The Romania women's national basketball team is the national women's basketball team representing Romania. It is administrated by the Romanian Basketball Federation.
Current roster
Roster for the EuroBasket Women 2015.
4 Claudia Pop
5 Andreea Olah
6 Sonia Ursu-Kim
7 Annemarie Părău
8 Gabriela Cursaru
9 Elisabeth Pavel
11 Gabriela Irimia
13 Florina Pașcalău
14 Alina Crăciun
21 Adina Stoiedin
24 Ancuţa Stoenescu
44 Gabriela Mărginean
Head Coach position
Florin Nini 2014-15
Miroslav Popovic 2016
Dragan Petričević 2017-2019
Ayhan Avci 2019-present
See also
Sport in Romania
Romania women's national under-19 basketball team
Romania women's national under-17 basketball team
Romania women's national 3x3 team
References
External links
Romanian Basketball Federation
Romania Basketball Records at FIBA Archive
Romanian National Basketball Team - Women at Eurobasket.com
National, women's
Basketball teams in Romania
Basketball, women's
Women's national basketball teams
Cameraria macrocarpella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ontario and Quebec in Canada, and New Jersey, Texas, Maine, Maryland, New York, Illinois and Vermont in the United States.
The wingspan is 8.5–9 mm.
The larvae feed on Castanea species and Quercus macrocarpa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1878
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Taxa named by Heinrich Frey
Taxa named by Jacob Boll
The Association of Independent Schools of Greater Washington (AISGW) is an association of 75 independent schools located in the District of Columbia and metropolitan Washington, D.C. areas in Virginia and Maryland. More than 30,000 students attend these member schools in grades pre-K through high school.
Founded in 1951, AISGW member schools include co-ed schools as well as boys- and girls-only programs. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., with a staff of three full-time employees, AISGW serves as a resource for member schools and families seeking to learn more about independent education and the educational options provided by its member schools.
The mission of AISGW is to advance the collective interests of member schools in the capital region by promoting high professional standards and exemplary practices, encouraging cooperative endeavors, enhancing member schools' standing in the community, and safeguarding their independence.
Programs
AISGW provides advocacy for its member schools, both on legislative and regulatory issues and to the public in advocating and communicating the benefits of an independent school education. The Association also provides tools for schools to use, opportunities for networking and professional development for administrators and school leaders, sponsors recruiting fairs, and provides educational benefits for member schools and their faculty and staff.
The Association manages a job bank where it lists open positions at its member schools and provides yearly statistical analysis of trends in enrollment, tuition, and other topics.
Membership
Membership is available to independent, 501(c)(3) schools within the AISGW service area who have independent boards of trustees and independent finances, are accredited by a nationally recognized accrediting board (i.e. Virginia Association of Independent Schools, the National Association for the Education of Young Children, the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, the Association of Independent Schools of Maryland and DC, the Southern Association of Independent Schools, and have been in operation for 36 consecutive months. Provisional memberships are also available.
District of Columbia
Aidan Montessori School
Beauvoir, The National Cathedral Elementary School
Bishop John T. Walker School For Boys
Capitol Hill Day School
Edmund Burke School
The Field School
Georgetown Day School
Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School
Gonzaga College High School
The Lab School of Washington
Lowell School
Maret School
Milton Gottesman Jewish Day School of the Nation's Capital
National Cathedral School
National Child Research Center
National Presbyterian School
Parkmont School
The River School
Sheridan School
Sidwell Friends School
St. Albans School
St. Anselm's Abbey School
St. Columba's Nursery School
St. John's College High School
St. Patrick's Episcopal Day School
Washington International School
Washington Jesuit Academy
The Washington School For Girls
Maryland
Alef Bet Montessori School
The Academy of The Holy Cross
Barrie School
Bullis School
Butler Montessori
Charles E. Smith Jewish Day School
Concord Hill School
Connelly School of the Holy Child
The Diener School
Evergreen School
Georgetown Preparatory School
German International School Washington, DC
Grace Episcopal Day School
Green Acres School
The Harbor School
The Heights School
Holton-Arms School
Landon School
Mater Dei School
McLean School of Maryland
The Nora School
Norwood School
The Primary Day School
St. Andrew's Episcopal School
Stone Ridge School of the Sacred Heart
The Tidewater School
Washington Episcopal School
Washington Waldorf School
The Woods Academy
Virginia
Browne Academy
Burgundy Farm Country Day School
Commonwealth Academy
The Congressional School of Virginia
Episcopal High School
Flint Hill School
Foxcroft School
Grace Episcopal School
Green Hedges School
The Hill School
The Langley School
Loudoun Country Day School
The Madeira School
Oakwood School
The Potomac School
St. Stephens & St. Agnes School
Westminster School
References
External links
Official website
1951 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Education in Washington, D.C.
Educational institutions established in 1951
Private and independent school organizations in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in Washington, D.C.
501(c)(3) organizations
Shri Krishna Chaudhary is the former Director General of National Disaster Response Force, Director General of Railway Protection Force, Director General of Indo-Tibetan Border Police and an IPS officer of 1979 batch from Bihar cadre.
He also served as a Superintendent of Police in Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for four years.
References
Indian Police Service officers
Azteca constructor is a species of ant in the genus Azteca. Described by Emery in 1896, the species is endemic to several countries in Central America and South America.
References
constructor
Hymenoptera of North America
Hymenoptera of South America
Insects of Central America
Insects described in 1896
Ch'angdo County is a kun, or county, in Kangwŏn province, North Korea. Originally part of Kimhwa, it was split off as a separate county in 1952.
Geography
Ch'angdo lies to the west of the Taebaek Mountains, in the Ryŏngsŏ region of Kangwŏn, but is nonetheless quite rugged. The highest point is Okpatpong (옥밭봉), 1240 m above sea level. Ch'angdo lies just north of the Korean Demilitarized Zone. The chief stream is the Pukhan River, which flows southward across the DMZ into South Korea. Roughly 80% of the county's area is forestland.
Administrative divisions
Ch'angdo county is divided into 1 ŭp (town) and 16 ri (villages):
Economy
The chief local industry is agriculture, including sericulture and livestock farming. Lumbermills have also been developed, but there is little other industry. There are deposits of copper, zinc, nickel, and lead.
Transportation
Ch'angdo is connected to the rest of North Korea by road, but not by rail. Google Earth imagery from 2017 shows a newly constructed emergency highway landing strip for aircraft and is equipped with two aircraft parking revetments located to the north of Changdo city.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
Kangwon (North Korea)
References
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province (North Korea)
"Oh, Lady Be Good!" is a 1924 song by George and Ira Gershwin. It was introduced by Walter Catlett in the Broadway musical Lady, Be Good! written by Guy Bolton, Fred Thompson, and the Gershwin brothers and starring Fred and Adele Astaire. The song was also performed by the chorus in the film Lady Be Good (1941), although the film is unrelated to the musical.
Recordings in 1925 were by Paul Whiteman, Carl Fenton, and Cliff Edwards. A 1947 recording of the song became a hit for Ella Fitzgerald, notable for her scat solo. For her album Ella Fitzgerald Sings the George and Ira Gershwin Songbook (1959), it was sung as a ballad arranged by Nelson Riddle.
Recorded versions
Rob Agerbeek – Three of a Kind (1998)
Fred Astaire – rec. December 1952 – The Astaire Story
Count Basie – rec. February 4, 1939 (Decca)
Buck and Bubbles – rec. December 26, 1933 (Columbia)
Kenny Burrell - rec. August 25, 1959 - On View at the Five Spot Cafe (Blue Note)
Joe Carroll – The Man with the Happy Sound (1962)
Cliff "Ukulele Ike" Edwards – rec. January 2, 1925
Carl Fenton and His Orchestra – recorded on December 11, 1924 (Brunswick)
Ella Fitzgerald – with Bob Haggart (1947)
Ella Fitzgerald – rec. 1959 – Ella Fitzgerald Sings the George and Ira Gershwin Songbook
Benny Goodman Trio – rec. April 27, 1936 as the B–side of China Boy (Victor)
The Gordons with Dizzy Gillespie and Stuff Smith – rec. April 17, 1957
Jack Hylton and his Orchestra – rec. March 29, 1926
Buddy Lee with the Gilt–Edged Four – rec. May 17, 1926 (Columbia)
Charlie Parker and Lester Young for Jazz at the Philharmonic, January 28, 1946
Dianne Reeves – We All Love Ella: Celebrating the First Lady of Song (2007)
Slim & Slam – rec. May 3, 1938 (Vocalion)
Mel Tormé and Buddy Rich – Together Again: For the First Time (1978)
Paul Whiteman and His Orchestra – rec. December 29, 1924 (Victor)
John Wilson Orchestra– Gershwin in Hollywood, live at the Royal Albert Hall (2016)
Django Reinhardt- Django Reinhardt swing de Paris 4 CD set (2003)
See also
List of 1920s jazz standards
References
External links
1924 songs
1925 singles
Songs from Lady, Be Good (musical)
Ella Fitzgerald songs
Pop standards
Songs with music by George Gershwin
Songs with lyrics by Ira Gershwin
1920s jazz standards
Jazz compositions in G major
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Pune (IISER Pune) is an autonomous public university established in 2006. It is one of the seven Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research, and was one of the first IISERs to be established along with IISER Kolkata. It is located in the city of Pune, India.
Campus
The construction of the final campus was completed in 2012. The campus is of 98 acres.
Academics
Academic programmes
IISER Pune offers integrated masters programmes (BS-MS), an integrated doctoral programme (Int. PhD) and a doctoral programme (PhD).
Admission to the master's degree is through the IISER joint admission process which provides three channels for admission: Kishore Vaigyanik Protsahan Yojana, Joint Entrance Examination – Advanced and state and central boards candidates, which require an additional IISER Aptitude Test. Admission to the various PhD programmes is either with a master's degree in science or with a bachelor's degree, for the integrated PhD programme. Candidates are screened by interviews. In addition to that candidates should have qualified a national level entrance exam for PhD program in science (like GATE)
The faculty is organised by various disciplines such as Biology, Chemistry, Earth and Climate Sciences, Humanities and Social Sciences, Mathematics, and Physics. Interdisciplinary research is encouraged across disciplines. The first batch of students graduated in 2012.
Rankings
In the 2020 Times Higher Education World University Rankings, IISER Pune is ranked among the top 800 globally and ranked 10 in India.
Research centres
IISER-Pune houses the following advanced research centres/ centres of excellence:
Centre for Integrative Studies (CIS)
DBT Centre of Excellence in Epigenetics
DST Unit on Nanoscience
Max-Planck Partner Group in Quantum Field Theory
Max-Planck Partner Group in Glyco-nanotechnology
National facility for gene function in Health and Disease
Centre of Excellence in Science and Mathematics Education (CoESME)
Centre for Energy Science
Student life
The majority of the student activities at IISER-P are conducted by various clubs.
Mimamsa is an intercollegiate science challenge conducted by the students of IISER-P. The aim of the organizers is to make it the most conceptually challenging competition at the national level for science students. It is a two-stage affair. The first stage is a written exam with 60 subjective questions from all disciplines of science. The top four colleges selected through this round move into the finals.
There is also a very active SPIC MACAY sub-chapter, which organizes events jointly with National Chemical Laboratory, and the SPIC MACAY Pune Chapter.
In the last week of October or first week of November, IISER Pune organises its college fest, Karavaan. The fest attracts students from colleges all across Pune, as well as national institutes all over India.
See also
List of universities in India
List of autonomous higher education institutes in India
References
External links
IISER Pune
Universities and colleges in Pune
Research institutes in Pune
Pune, Indian Institute of Science Education and Research
Research institutes established in 2006
2006 establishments in Maharashtra
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Pune faculty
Douglas Allan (born 1951) is a Scottish wildlife cameraman and photographer best known for his work in polar regions and underwater.
Biography
Allan is one of twin brothers born in Dunfermline in Scotland, the son of a photographer and photojournalist who ran his own photography shop in the town. As a child Allan became a keen snorkeller and underwater diver, which inspired him to study marine biology at the University of Stirling. His first job was as a pearl diver with Bill Abernathy, the last pearl hunter in Scotland. Allan then worked for eight years for the British Antarctic Survey in Antarctica as a research diver, scientist and photographer.
Becoming a full time cinematographer in 1985, Allan has been a principal cameraman on many BBC wildlife programmes, particularly concerning extreme environments, including Life in the Freezer, Wildlife Special: Polar Bear, The Blue Planet, Planet Earth, and Frozen Planet.
Allan has won eight Emmys including "Outstanding Cinematography for Nonfiction Programming in 2002, for Blue Planet, and in 2007, for Planet Earth. He has won four BAFTAs and in 2017 he won an outstanding contribution award at the British Academy Scotland Awards. He frequently gives illustrated lectures and talks, including at the 2016 Cambridge University Expedition Society annual dinner.
In 2012, Allan was awarded an Honorary Fellowship of the Royal Photographic Society.
References
External links
Thomas Tolkien Website
Living people
1951 births
People from Dunfermline
Twin people from Scotland
Alumni of the University of Stirling
British Antarctic Survey
Nature photographers
Underwater photographers
Scottish underwater divers
Recipients of the Polar Medal
BAFTA winners (people)
News & Documentary Emmy Award winners
Tyler Williamson (born May 17, 1972) is an American professional golfer who played on the Nationwide Tour.
Williamson joined the Nationwide Tour in 2002 and won the Preferred Health Systems Wichita Open in his rookie season. He continued to play on the Nationwide Tour until 2008.
Professional wins (3)
Nationwide Tour wins (1)
Other wins (2)
2000 Cypress Creek Golf Classic, Boomtown Casino Classic (both on NGA Hooters Tour)
External links
American male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Sacramento, California
California State University, Sacramento alumni
1972 births
Living people
Nadia Azzi (born August 11, 1998 in Dunedin, Florida) is an American classical pianist of Lebanese-Japanese origin. Fluent in Japanese and English, she began playing piano at age four and a half and has won many awards since then. She currently resides in Los Angeles.
Studies
Currently a student of the Colburn School, Azzi studies with Fabio Bidini. She had previously been a pre-college student of The Juilliard School, studying with Yoheved Kaplinsky, and graduated from high school at the Professional Performing Arts School. Azzi had studied during the summer at the Aspen Music Festival and School, Yellow Barn Young Artists Program, among others. She is on the Duke University Talent Identification Program (Duke TIP) listing for the most academically gifted students and is a member of the American Mensa. She actively promotes music through numerous outreach programs and community services both in solo and chamber music performances.
Career
In 2010, she made her New York City debut performing at Carnegie Hall. She later returned to Carnegie Hall for performances on two other occasions. In the summer of 2010, Azzi had her European debut at the Teatro Communale in Sterzing, Italy. She also performed in many places in Aspen, Colorado. Azzi's Canadian debut was featured on Radio Canada International. She was also featured exclusively on the "Impromptu" program on 98.7 WFMT in Chicago, Illinois, carrying classical music programming.
Her orchestral debut at the age of 12 led her to perform Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 2 with the Boston Neapolitan Chamber Orchestra in Cambridge, MA under the baton of conductor Jon Ceander Mitchell. She has been a soloist with several other orchestras since then, including the Tampa Bay Symphony, Northwest Indiana Symphony, New Philharmonic Orchestra, and Juilliard Pre-College String Ensemble under distinguished conductors. She performed in Montreal in July 2014 at the Salle Bourgie with the Orchestre de la Francophonie under conductor Jean-Philippe Tremblay.
In 2012, she made her debut at the Newport Music Festival. Also in 2012, Azzi played on NPR's From the Top radio program. In 2013 and 2014, she performed at the Junior Piano Academy Eppan in Italy, the Bravo Niagara International Music Festival in Canada, the 15th Youth America Grand Prix Anniversary Celebration at David H. Koch Theater in Lincoln Center, Aspen Music Festival, and in Washington, D.C. by an invitation from the Florida House on Capitol Hill.
Nadia appeared on Arabs Got Talent in 2015 and got the golden buzz from MBC Group TV Director Ali Jaber, automatically qualifying her to the semi-final round. Co-host Raya Abirached dubbed her the "golden girl." Jaber told her, "Nadia, you are magnificent, you raise the name of Arabs and of Lebanon. I am so very proud of you." She placed in the top 3 in the semi-final round.
Awards
Gold Medal at the 2010 and 2012 "Passion of Music" Festival by the American Association for the Development of the Gifted and Talented (AADGT)
Youngest winner of the 2010 Orfeo International Music Festival Competition in Italy.
First prize in the Overall and the ART New Music Awards at the 2011 New Music National Young Artist Competition in Chicago, Illinois.
Winner of the 2011 Tampa Bay Symphony Young Artist Competition.
Grand Prize Winner of the 2012 Crescendo International Music Competition.
First Prize Winner of the 2013 Bradshaw & Buono International Piano Competition
Second Prize and Audience Prize Winner of the 2013 Thousand Islands International Chopin Piano Competition
First Prize of the 2014 Nordmann Scholarship Competition, which gave her a full tuition merit scholarship to continue her study at Juilliard Pre-College Division
First Prize at the Western instrument category of 2014 Sinovision Teen's Talent Show
References
External links
official website
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Interviews
NBC News interview
Channel 14 interview
St. Petersburg Times Article
Tampa Tribune Article
Dunedin Beacon Article
From the Top broadcast
Pasco Tribune Article
Talent Notes
iaam
1998 births
Living people
American classical pianists
American women classical pianists
American classical musicians of Japanese descent
American women musicians of Japanese descent
American people of Lebanese descent
People from Dunedin, Florida
Mensans
21st-century American women pianists
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century American pianists
Harry Reid (1939–2021) was an American politician who served as the senior United States senator from Nevada, from 1987 to 2017.
Harry Reid may also refer to:
Harry Reid (bishop) (1866–1943), Bishop of Edinburgh
Harry Avery Reid (1877–1947), Director of Veterinary Services in New Zealand
Harry Fielding Reid (1859–1944), American geophysicist
Harry Reid (journalist) (born 1947), Scottish journalist and author
Harry Reid (actor) (born 1992), British actor
See also
Henry Reid, former director of UCLA's willed body program who sold donated body parts to drug companies
Henry Reed (disambiguation)
Harold Reid (born 1939), former bass singer for the country vocal group The Statler Brothers
La Minute de vérité (US title: The Moment of Truth) is a 1952 French language motion picture drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co-wrote the screenplay with Henri Jeanson, Roland Laudenbach and Robert Thoeren. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Jean Gabin.
The music score is by Paul Misraki, Winfried Zillig and Georges Van Parys.
It tells the story of a doctor, his wife and his patient, who was her former lover.
Cast
External links
La Minute de vérité at Films de France
1952 films
Films directed by Jean Delannoy
Adultery in films
Films with screenplays by Roland Laudenbach
French drama films
1952 drama films
French black-and-white films
1950s French-language films
1950s French films
Quantum walks are quantum analogues of classical random walks. In contrast to the classical random walk, where the walker occupies definite states and the randomness arises due to stochastic transitions between states, in quantum walks randomness arises through: (1) quantum superposition of states, (2) non-random, reversible unitary evolution and (3) collapse of the wave function due to state measurements.
As with classical random walks, quantum walks admit formulations in both discrete time and continuous time.
Motivation
Quantum walks are motivated by the widespread use of classical random walks in the design of randomized algorithms, and are part of several quantum algorithms. For some oracular problems, quantum walks provide an exponential speedup over any classical algorithm. Quantum walks also give polynomial speedups over classical algorithms for many practical problems, such as the element distinctness problem, the triangle finding problem, and evaluating NAND trees. The well-known Grover search algorithm can also be viewed as a quantum walk algorithm.
Relation to classical random walks
Quantum walks exhibit very different features from classical random walks. In particular, they do not converge to limiting distributions and due to the power of quantum interference they may spread significantly faster or slower than their classical equivalents.
Continuous time
Continuous-time quantum walks arise when one replaces the continuum spatial domain in the Schrödinger equation with a discrete set. That is, instead of having a quantum particle propagate in a continuum, one restricts the set of possible position states to the vertex set of some graph which can be either finite or countably infinite. Under particular conditions, continuous-time quantum walks can provide a model for universal quantum computation.
Relation to non-relativistic Schrödinger dynamics
Consider the dynamics of a non-relativistic, spin-less free quantum particle with mass propagating on an infinite one-dimensional spatial domain. The particle's motion is completely described by its wave function which satisfies the one-dimensional, free particle Schrödinger equation
where and is the reduced Planck's constant. Now suppose that only the spatial part of the domain is discretized, being replaced with where is the separation between the spatial sites the particle can occupy. The wave function becomes the map and the second spatial partial derivative becomes the discrete laplacian
The evolution equation for a continuous time quantum walk on is thus
where is a characteristic frequency. This construction naturally generalizes to the case that the discretized spatial domain is an arbitrary graph and the discrete laplacian is replaced by the graph Laplacian where and are the degree matrix and the adjacency matrix, respectively. Common choices of graphs that show up in the study of continuous time quantum walks are the d-dimensional lattices , cycle graphs , d-dimensional discrete tori , the d-dimensional hypercube and random graphs.
Discrete time
Discrete-time quantum walks on
The evolution of a quantum walk in discrete time is specified by the product of two unitary operators: (1) a "coin flip" operator and (2) a conditional shift operator, which are applied repeatedly. The following example is instructive here. Imagine a particle with a spin-1/2-degree of freedom propagating on a linear array of discrete sites. If the number of such sites is countably infinite, we identify the state space with . The particle's state can then be described by a product state
consisting of an internal spin state
and a position state
where is the "coin space" and is the space of physical quantum position states. The product in this setting is the Kronecker (tensor) product. The conditional shift operator for the quantum walk on the line is given by
i.e. the particle jumps right if it has spin up and left if it has spin down. Explicitly, the conditional shift operator acts on product states according to
If we first rotate the spin with some unitary transformation and then apply , we get a non-trivial quantum motion on . A popular choice for such a transformation is the Hadamard gate , which, with respect to the standard z-component spin basis, has matrix representation
When this choice is made for the coin flip operator, the operator itself is called the "Hadamard coin" and the resulting quantum walk is called the "Hadamard walk". If the walker is initialized at the origin and in the spin-up state, a single time step of the Hadamard walk on is
Measurement of the system's state at this point would reveal an up spin at position 1 or a down spin at position −1, both with probability 1/2. Repeating the procedure would correspond to a classical simple random walk on . In order to observe non-classical motion, no measurement is performed on the state at this point (and therefore do not force a collapse of the wave function). Instead, repeat the procedure of rotating the spin with the coin flip operator and conditionally jumping with . This way, quantum correlations are preserved and different position states can interfere with one another. This gives a drastically different probability distribution than the classical random walk (Gaussian distribution) as seen in the figure to the right. Spatially one sees that the distribution is not symmetric: even though the Hadamard coin gives both up and down spin with equal probability, the distribution tends to drift to the right when the initial spin is . This asymmetry is entirely due to the fact that the Hadamard coin treats the and state asymmetrically. A symmetric probability distribution arises if the initial state is chosen to be
Dirac equation
Consider what happens when we discretize a massive Dirac operator over one spatial dimension. In the absence of a mass term, we have left-movers and right-movers. They can be characterized by an internal degree of freedom, "spin" or a "coin". When we turn on a mass term, this corresponds to a rotation in this internal "coin" space. A quantum walk corresponds to iterating the shift and coin operators repeatedly.
This is very much like Richard Feynman's model of an electron in 1 (one) spatial and 1 (one) time dimension. He summed up the zigzagging paths, with left-moving segments corresponding to one spin (or coin), and right-moving segments to the other. See Feynman checkerboard for more details.
The transition probability for a 1-dimensional quantum walk behaves like the Hermite functions which
(1) asymptotically oscillate in the classically allowed region,
(2) is approximated by the Airy function around the wall of the potential, and
(3) exponentially decay in the classically hidden region.
Realization
Atomic lattice is the leading quantum platform in terms of scalability. Coined and coinless discrete-time quantum-walk could be realized in the atomic lattice via a distance-selective spin-exchange interaction. Remarkably the platform preserves the coherence over couple of hundred sites and steps in 1, 2 or 3 dimensions in the spatial space. The long-range dipolar interaction allows designing periodic boundary conditions, facilitating the QW over topological surfaces.
See also
Path integral formulation
References
Further reading
External links
International Workshop on Mathematical and Physical Foundations of Discrete Time Quantum Walk
Quantum walk
Quantum algorithms
Maurice Thiriet (; 2 May 1906 – 28 September 1972) was a French composer of classical and film music.
Biography
Born in Meulan, Yvelines, Maurice Thiriet attended the Paris Conservatory from 1925 to 1931, studying counterpoint and fugue with Charles Koechlin, and orchestration and arrangement under Alexis Roland-Manuel. Thiriet's career revolved mainly around film music, and he completed around seventy scores from 1942 to 1960. A fellow composer Maurice Jaubert, whose life was cut short during World War II, is often cited as a major influence for Thiriet's outlook.
Apart from his cinematic output, Thiriet also composed several concert works including a concerto for flute, twelve ballets, and three operas. His compositional style, which was influenced by Jaubert and Roland-Manuel, is characterized by taught construction and modest, nearly impressionistic harmonization, often bearing a neo-classical grace similar to that of the music of Francis Poulenc and Jean Françaix. Thiriet's work was also presented at the in the art competition during the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Thiriet also wrote La Nigérienne, the national anthem of Niger in 1961.
List of works
Stage and dramatic
La Bourgois de Falaise – opera (1937)
Psyché – ballet (1950)
Herakles – ballet (1953)
Œdipe-roi – sur le texte de Jean Cocteau for speaker and orchestra (1940–41) and on stage (1963)
La véridique histoire du docteur – opéra comique (1937)
La Locandiera – opéra-bouffe (1960)
L'œuf à la coque – ballet (1949)
Deuil en 24 heures – ballet (1953)
La nuit vénitienne – ballet (1939)
La chaloupée – ballet (1960)
La chambre noire – ballet-bouffe (1955)
La précaution inutile (sur des thèmes de Rossini) – ballet (1946)
La reine des iles – ballet (1955)
Le maure de Venise – ballet (1958)
Les amants de Mayerling – ballet (1960)
Les jeux de l'amour et du placard – ballet-opérette (1953)
Messaline – théatre (1947)
Vogue la galère – théatre (1952)
Orchestra
Le Livre pour Jean (1929)
Rhapsody on Inca Themes (1935)
Poem, for strings (1936)
La Nuit Fantasque (1941)
Les visiteurs du soir (1947)
Concertante
Introduction, Chanson et Ronde, harp and orchestra (1936)
Flute Concerto, flute and string orchestra (1959)
Selected filmography
Once Upon a Time (1933)
Southern Mail (1937)
Adrienne Lecouvreur (1938)
The Wolf of the Malveneurs (1943)
Pamela (1945)
Not So Stupid (1946)
Eternal Conflict (1948)
Three Boys, One Girl (1948)
Mystery in Shanghai (1950)
Passion (1951)
The House on the Dune (1952)
The Air of Paris (1954)
La Tour, prends garde ! (1958)
Eyes of Love (1959)
References
Sources
^ Mark Brill "Maurice Thiriet" in The Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians
External links
1906 births
1972 deaths
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
French classical composers
French male classical composers
French opera composers
Male opera composers
People from Meulan-en-Yvelines
20th-century classical composers
20th-century French composers
20th-century French male musicians
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Asase Ya/Afua (or Asase Yaa, Asaase Yaa, Asaase Afua, Asaase Efua) is the goddess of fertility, love and the earth of the Akan of Ghana and Ivory Coast. She is also known as Mother Earth or Aberewaa.
Asase is the wife of Nyame the Sky deity, who created the universe. Asase gave birth to two children, Bea and Tano. Bea is also named Bia.
Asase is also the mother of Anansi, the trickster, and divine stepmother of the sacred high chiefs.
Asase is very powerful, though no temples are dedicated to her, instead, she is worshipped in the agricultural fields of the Asante and other Akans. Asase is highly respected amongst Akans. Sacrifices are given to her for favour and blessings. Asase's favoured people are the Bono people. Planet Earth is her symbol.
Names
The name Asase means 'Earth' in Twi. The name Ya means 'one born on Thursday, meaning that Asase was created on a Thursday. However, the name Afua means 'one born on Friday', meaning that in she was created on Friday. In actuality, the Asante believe that Asase was created on a Thursday while the Fante believe that Asase was created on a Friday. Due to this, the Asante and most other Akans call Asase 'Asase Ya' meaning 'Earth born on Thursday' whilst the Fante and the other Akans call Asase 'Asase Efua (Afua)' meaning 'Earth born on Friday'
The Asante also know Asase Ya as Aberewaa, meaning 'old woman'
Asase is also known as 'Asase bo ne nsie' meaning 'Earth, creator of the underworld'
Description
Asase has two differing descriptions and, thus, two different personalities. However, they are both one deity
Asase Yaa: Asase Yaa is described as an old woman, linked to the other meaning of the name Asase Yaa; Old Mother Earth, and the other name Asase Yaa is known as, Aberewaa. As such she is regarded as the Goddess of the barren places on earth and the dead (she is the mother of the Dead). Asase Yaa is also the Goddess of Truth and Peace and is consulted on matters of the community through divination. As the Goddess of Truth and the Mother of the dead, she governs the gateway to Asamando, the Akan Ancestral Realm. At death, Asase Yaa reclaims her mortal children, humanity
Asase Afua: Asase Afua, by contrast, is depicted as a youthful, incredibly beautiful woman. Due to this, she is regarded as the Goddess of the fertile places on earth, fertility, farming, love and procreation. Mmoatia are said to be her spiritual custodians similar to how baboons are the custodians of Tano Akora. Asase Afua is had said to have given birth to all of humanity, despite the Asante proverb that says that all mankind are children of Nyame, not Asase, although this actually applies to one's Sunsum and Kra (Ego and Soul), not Mogya (blood) and Honam (body). It is this form of Asase who is the wife of Nyankapon.
All Akans, no matter if they call Asase Yaa or Afua, recognize that Asase has two personalities; One old and one youthful
Asase Yaa/Afua Worship and Taboos
There are many ways that Asase Yaa/Afua is worshipped. Here are some of the ways
Goddess of Truth
As the upholder of truth, lying is a taboo committed against Asase. When a member of the Akan people wants to prove their credibility, they touch their lips or tongue to the soil of the Earth and recite the Asase Ya Prayer-Poem as evidence of their honesty
Goddess of the Earth, Fertility, Procreation and Farming
As the Goddess of the Earth, she is credited as being the nurturer of the earth and is considered to provide sustenance for all. As such she is regularly worshipped so she doesn't withhold her abundance of resources. For the Asante, Bono and most other Akans, Thursday is reserved as Asase's day. On said day these Akan people generally abstain from tilling the land. However, for the Fante and few other Akans, Friday is reserved as Asase's day. On said day, Fante and other Akans generally abstain from tilling the land.
No one is allowed to change or agitate the land without the consent of Asase, which can only be gained by pouring libations to Asase. Serious consequences can befall those who violate this rule. Before planting the person who is going to plant must knock upon the earth as if she was a door
During a child's outdooring (naming) ceremony, once the child's complete name is bestowed upon the infant, the child is placed on a mat symbolizing thanksgiving to Asase for sustaining its life and for allowing the parents to successfully procreate
As the aspect of Earth, Asase receives the deceased body for interment
The colour marron is associated with Asase due to its link to clay (which comes from the earth) and the clay, due to its connection to Asase is seen as a healing and purifying agent in Akan culture.
If a person commits a sexual in the bush, Assase Yaa must be propitiated
Before setting up a house, a sacrifice of appeasement is made towards Assase so that the house is protected from evil spirits
When humans die, their honam and mogya are returned to Asase
During ayie (funeral rites) libations are poured so Asase can permit the grave of the deceased to be buried
Goddess of Peace
Asase is the God of peace, meaning that when there is a murder, war or a way where human blood is intentionally spilt, very substantial sacrifices are needed in order to appease Asase
Mother of the Dead
As the Mother of the Dead, she is the one who comes to fetch Akan people's souls to the otherworld (Asamando) at the time of death [cite]. Also, it is with her name that the first offerings are made to the ancestors, due to the fact that the Ancestors are looked over by Asase. During ayie libations are poured so Asase can accept and protect the person to be buried and to lead them peacefully to Asamando
Libations and reverence towards Asase
As the first deity to be created by Odomankoma, Asase is called in libations immediately after Nyame
The Akan believe that everyone has the ability to show reverence towards Asase, whether by pouring libations to her or by looking after her (i.e. looking after the world)
Fowls are sacrificed in her name and their blood poured onto the floor, specifically by farmers when they need Asase's permission to plough, plant and harvest
Proverbs and Adinkra
Here are proverbs linked to Asase:
Asase Ye Duru: lit The Earth has weight. This proverb and Adinkra (shown below) symbolizes the providence and the divinity of Mother Earth and this symbol represents the importance of the Earth in sustaining life
Tumi nyina ne asase: lit All power emanates from Earth. This proverb attests to the power of Asase, where anything earthly that has power is part of her power
Asase ye duru sen epo: lit The Earth is much heavier than the Sea. This proverb shows the importance of Asase to the Akan
Nipa nyina ye Nyame mma, obi nye Asase ba: lit All mankind is Onyame's offspring, no one is the offspring of the Earth. This means that spiritually (as far as Sunsum and Kra go) humans are not Asase's children as all sunsum and kra return to Nyame after death
Songs and Prayers to Asase
Asase Ya Prayer Poem
Poetry to Asase
O Mother Earth, who gives birth, who wed the sky,
Who nurtures and sustains all, who gives us life:
While we live, we depend on You; when we die,
We lean on You. You taught us the tiller-knife,
You give us law, order, and truth-seeing eye;
Save you alone we would live in fear and strife.
We press our lips to your bosom, the rich soil,
Ever turn with song and smile to holy toil.
Short prayer to Asase
Into your womb I place the seed of self
To be nurtured in goodness and grown in love.
Family
Asase is the wife to Nyame. With him, she has had several children, the most notable being Bosomtwe, Epo, Bia, Tano Akora and Ananse.
Asase Ya's a favorite child is most likely Bia (same as Nyame's), as Bia is the Akan God of the Wilderness, and Asase Ya represents the harsh, dry Earth
Myths
Asase is separated from Nyame and the tower to Nyame
According to legend, Asase and Nyame were once very close. However a person, either Asase herself or someone else pounds their yam with a pestle either to prepare fufu for their children or just to annoy Nyame. Either way, the pestle routinely bumps against the heaven, hitting Nyame. Annoyed, Nyame separates himself from Asase by turning into his true creator form; Ananse Kokroko (Great Spider) and climbing on a thread to heaven.
In one version of the myth, Asase attempts to reestablish her relationship with Nyame. To do that, she gets many mortars, piling them one on top of the other. In the process, she moves closer and closer to the sky. To reunite with Nyame, she needed just one more mortar. She asks a child to get one for her, but he can find none. In desperation, she tells him to take one of the mortars from the bottom of the pile. He does so, and, when the mortar is removed, the entire tower collapses, forever separating Asase and Nyame
In another version the woman who pounds her pestle against heaven orders her children to build a tower of mortars, one atop another, right to Nyame. Needing one more mortar, the children took it from the bottom—and the whole tower collapsed, killing many
In a third version of the myth, Nyame and Asase are so close, humans were squished between them. So man annoyed Nyame with cooking smoke, banging pestles, and slicing off chunks of the sky for the pot until he retreated further away from the earth.
Asase and her magical sword, how Ananse stole it and the plant that cuts people
According to myth, Asase had a long, sharp sword that could fight by itself. When she ordered the sword to fight, it slaughtered everyone it encountered. When she commanded the sword to stop fighting, by saying "cool down", it did.
Ananse had fled to his mother, Asase's house. There were one of two reasons for this:
1) Because there was famine in the land, and the only food available was in the storehouse of Nyame. Ananse, in order to become Nyame's agent and sell his food supplies to the people, Ananse agreed to let his head be shaved daily but the shaving was painful, and people made fun of the way he looked.
Or
2) Because he had tried hiding beans under his hat, but the beans were extremely hot and ended up scalding his head and hair, leading to him becoming mostly bald with a bit of oddly placed hair, where again people made fun of how it looked
Either way, when Ananse could no longer stand this situation, he stole some food and fled to Asase's house. When he asked the goddess for her protection, she granted it. One day, when Asase left the house, Ananse stole her sword. He returned with it to Nyame and offered to use the sword to protect Nyame whenever he needed help. Nyame accepted Ananse's offer. When an enemy army approached, Anansi ordered the sword to fight. It slew all of the enemy forces. However, Ananse could not remember the command to make the sword stop. With no enemies left to kill, the sword turned on Nyame's army. When only Ananse was left alive, it killed him too. Then it stuck itself into the ground and turned into a plant with leaves so sharp they cut anyone who touched them. The plant still cuts people, because no one has ever given the sword the command to stop.
The Abosom in the Americas (Jamaica)
Worship of the Asase was transported via the transatlantic slave trade and was documented to had been acknowledged by enslaved Akan or Coromantee living in Jamaica. Jamaican slave owners did not believe in Christianity for the Coromantee and left them to their own beliefs. Hence the Akan's spiritual system was dominant on the plantation. According to Jamaican historian and slave owner Edward Long, creole descendants of the Akan coupled with other newly arrived Coromantee joined in observation and worship of the Akan goddess Asase (the English people recorded erroneously as 'Assarci'). They showed their worship by pouring libations and offering up harvested foods. Other Akan Abosom were also reported to be worshipped. This was the only deity spiritual system on the island, as other deities identities in the 18th century were obliterated because of the large population of enslaved Coromantee in Jamaica, according to Edward Long and other historians who observed their slaves.
See also
Nyame
Akan religion
Adinkra
Amokye
References
Akan religion
Ashanti people
African goddesses
Fertility goddesses
Earth goddesses
"Grown-Up Christmas List" (sometimes titled "My Grown-Up Christmas List") is a Christmas song composed by David Foster (music) and Linda Thompson-Jenner (lyrics). It was originally recorded by Foster, with Natalie Cole on vocals, for his 1990 non-holiday album River of Love and a similar second version on his 1993 holiday album The Christmas Album. Though it was also released as a single, the song was not a hit upon its first appearance. In 1992, Amy Grant recorded a version for her second Christmas album, Home for Christmas. Grant's version featured an additional verse that Grant penned herself. Her record label at the time, A&M Records, promoted the song as the second single from the album, and it received substantial radio airplay.
In 2003, original American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson performed "Grown-Up Christmas List" on the show's Christmas special, and the song was released on the album American Idol: Great Holiday Classics, which resulted in renewed airplay of the song during the holiday season that year.
Amy Grant version
Personnel
Amy Grant – lead vocals
Robbie Buchanan – keyboards
Tom Hemby – guitar
Ronn Huff – conductor
Alan Moore – orchestration
The London Studio Orchestra – strings
Nat Peck – contractor
Single CD track listing
"Grown Up Christmas List" (edit) - 3:44
"Grown Up Christmas List" (LP version) - 5:00
Music video
A&M Records released a music video for Amy Grant's recording of the song, featuring an appearance by Grant's son, Matthew Chapman. The song's edited version was used in the video.
Chart
The original version of Grant's single did not enter any of the Billboard charts until 2011. Since then, it has spent 30 weeks on the Christian Digital Songs chart, peaking at No. 11 in December 2017. Kelly Clarkson's version entered the Adult Contemporary chart in 2003 where it spent five weeks.
Kelly Clarkson version
Amy Grant version
Other recordings
In 1995 Bryan Duncan recorded the Amy Grant version of the song for his album Christmas Is Jesus.
In 2000 Monica recorded a version that was released on the Platinum Christmas various artists compilation album. It contains a second verse penned by Thompson-Jenner. Luis Miguel's cover was recorded in Spanish as "Mi Humilde Oración" for his album Navidades and it peaked at No. 37 on the Billboard Latin Pop Songs chart.
In 2008, American country artist Rissi Palmer released a version of "Grown Up Christmas List" through 1720 Entertainment. The song was released in a digital format via Apple Music.
References
1990s ballads
Amy Grant songs
American Christmas songs
1990 singles
1990 songs
1992 singles
2003 singles
A&M Records singles
Kelly Clarkson songs
Luis Miguel songs
Pop ballads
Rissi Palmer songs
Songs written by Amy Grant
Songs written by David Foster
Songs written by Linda Thompson (actress)
In enzymology, a L-ribulose-5-phosphate 4-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the interconversion of ribulose 5-phosphate and xylulose 5-phosphate in the oxidative phase of the Pentose phosphate pathway.
L-ribulose 5-phosphate D-xylulose 5-phosphate
This enzyme has a molecular mass of 102 kDa and is believed to be composed of four identical 25.5 kDa subunits. It belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is L-ribulose-5-phosphate 4-epimerase. Other names in common use include phosphoribulose isomerase, ribulose phosphate 4-epimerase, L-ribulose-phosphate 4-epimerase, L-ribulose 5-phosphate 4-epimerase, AraD, and L-Ru5P. This enzyme participates in pentose and glucuronate interconversions and ascorbate and aldarate metabolism.
Enzyme Mechanism
L-Ribulose 5-phosphate 4-epimerase catalyzes the epimerization of L-ribulose 5-phosphate to D-xylulose 5-phosphate by retro-aldol cleavage and subsequent aldol reaction. The proposed mechanism involves the abstraction of the proton from the hydroxyl group on C-4, followed by cleavage of the bond between C-3 and C-4 to give a metal-stabilized acetone enediolate and a glycolaldehyde phosphate fragment. The C–C bond of glycolaldehyde phosphate is then rotated 180°, and the C–C bond between C-3 and C-4 is regenerated to give inversion of stereochemistry at C-4.
This mechanism is contested by a possible alternative dehydration reaction scheme. The literature favors the aldol mechanism for two reasons. First, the retro-aldol cleavage mechanism is analogous to the reaction catalyzed by L-fuculose-phosphate aldolase which has high levels of sequence similarity with L-ribulose-5-phosphate 4-epimerase. Second, the analysis of 13C and deuterium kinetic isotope effects points toward the aldol mechanism. It has been reported that there is little to no difference in the deuterium isotope effects at C-3 and C-4, suggesting that these C–H bonds are not broken during epimerization. Changes in isotope effect at C-3 would be expected for the dehydration mechanism, because the breaking of the C–H bond is the rate-limiting step in this mechanism and substituting the C-3 hydrogen with deuterium would significantly alter the rate. At the same time there are significantly large 13C isotope effects, suggesting rate-limiting C–C bond breakage, as expected with the aldol mechanism.
Structure
The structure is homo-tetrameric and displays C4 symmetry. Each protein subunit has a single domain consisting of a central β sheet flanked on either side by layers of α-helix. A central β-sheet is formed from nine β-strands (b1-b9) and is predominantly antiparallel except between strands b7 and b8. The eight α-helices of the structure form two layers on either side of the central β-sheet. The active site is identified by the position of the catalytic zinc residue and is located at the interface between two adjacent subunits. Asp76, His95, His97, and His171act as the metal-binding residues. A remarkable feature of the structure is that it shows a very close resemblance to that of L-fuculose-phosphate aldolase. This is consistent with the notion that both enzymes belong to a superfamily of epimerases/aldolases that catalyze carbon-carbon bond cleavage reactions via a metal-stabilized enolate intermediate.
Biological Function
Ribulose 5-phosphate 4-epimerase is found on the well studied L-arabinose operon. This operon consists of eight genes araA-araH with the gene for Ribulose 5-phosphate 4-epimerase called araD. The arabinose system enables the take up the pentose L-arabinose, and then the conversion of intracellular arabinose in three steps catalyzed by the products of the araB, araA, araD genes to D-xylulose-5-phosphate.
Evolution
L-Ribulose-5-phosphate 4-epimerase and L-fuculose-1-phosphate (L-Fuc1P) aldolase are evolutionarily related enzymes that display 26% sequence identity and a very high degree of structural similarity. They both employ a divalent cation in the stabilization of an enolate during catalysis, and both are able to deprotonate the C-4 hydroxyl group of a phosphoketose substrate. Despite these many similarities, subtle distinctions are present which allow the enzymes to catalyze two seemingly different reactions and to accommodate substrates differing greatly in the position of the phosphate (C-5 vs C-1).
References
Further reading
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of known structure
The Rice Bucket Challenge is a response to the Ice Bucket Challenge that started in India and spread to other South Asian nations. Whereas the original Ice Bucket Challenge involved participants pouring a bucket of ice over their heads and/or donating to the ALS research, the Rice Bucket Challenge involves donating a bucket of rice to a poor person or family.
Significance
As an alternative to the Ice Bucket Challenge, the Rice Bucket Challenge served the dual purpose of highlighting water scarcity (in that the use of ice was considered expensive and wasteful) and poverty (in that a bucket of rice was considered a valuable donation by recipients).
History
The idea for the Rice Bucket Challenge is attributed to Manju Latha Kalanidhi , a 38-year-old journalist based in Hyderabad, India. She considered the Ice Bucket Challenge artificial and wasteful of water, and came up with the Rice Bucket Challenge as a less-wasteful alternative that would help local communities. It started off as a Facebook page on August 23, 2014, and within a day, the page had 7000 likes. On August 24, 2014, the Twitter hashtag #ricebucketchallenge was first used, and within a month, the hashtag had been tweeted 11,000 times. On August 25, the Rice Bucket Challenge was covered in BuzzFeed and Quartz, and within a few days, it had received coverage in the Huffington Post, Chicago Tribune, CNN, CNBC, NPR, NDTV, Time, and many other news websites.
The Rice Bucket Challenge spread to other South Asian nations, including Nepal and Sri Lanka. Ingress Philippines attempted to start the challenge in the Philippines on Google+ private post It was forwarded to other social network sites on September 3, 2014 as a public post and accepted by Ingress Enlightened Philippines community on the same day. A version of this challenge not related to it was led by businessman Dr. Henry Lim Bon Liong in Manila in the Philippines on September 12, 2014 that attracted media attention in the Philippines.
References
2010s fads and trends
Projects established in 2014
Challenges
Health-related fundraisers
Internet memes introduced in 2014
Viral videos
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
2014 establishments in India
Charity events
Internet memes introduced from India
Borogani is a village in Leova District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Leova District
Hassnae Bouazza (Arabic: حسناء بوعزة, ḥasnāʾ būʿazza; born 1973) is a Moroccan-Dutch journalist, writer, columnist, translator and television programme maker.
Life
Bouazza was born in the city of in Oujda, Morocco, close to the Algerian border. She moved with her family including brother Hafid (now a noted writer) to the Netherlands to join her father, who worked there as a guest worker. They lived in the village of Arkel where they were the only Moroccans. Bouazza studied English language and literature at Utrecht University. She started writing columns for various periodicals (including Vrij Nederland. Bouazza also worked for the VPRO as a television programme maker. She is known for discussing taboo subjects like pornography in the Arab world. Bouazza is the editor of a collection of short stories called Achter de sluier (Behind the Veil) about strong Arab women.
Works
1999 Achter de Sluier (Behind the Veil)
2013 Arabieren kijken – de alledaagse revolutie (Watching Arabs – the everyday revolution)
2014 Seks en de Zonde (Sex and the Sin)
References
1973 births
Living people
Dutch journalists
Dutch columnists
Moroccan emigrants to the Netherlands
People from Oujda
Zabardast (meaning "Fantastic" in Hindi) is a 1985 Indian Hindi action film directed by Nasir Hussain, with his nephew Aamir Khan as assistant director, and produced by Mushir-Riaz. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar, Sunny Deol, Jaya Prada, Rajiv Kapoor, Rati Agnihotri and Amrish Puri. This was Hussain's final film.
Cast
Sanjeev Kumar ... Ratan Kumar / Ramesh Kumar
Sunny Deol ... Sunder Kumar / Shyam
Jaya Prada ... Mala Sehgal
Rajiv Kapoor ... Ravi Kumar / Tony
Rati Agnihotri ... Sunita
Tanuja ... Maharani Maanwati
Gita Siddharth ... Puspha Kumar
Kulbhushan Kharbanda ... Dr. Sehgal
Amrish Puri ... Balram Singh
Tariq ... Anwar
Rajendra Nath ... Monty
Arjun ... Vikram Singh
Ravindra Kapoor ... Dilawar Khan
Vikas Anand ... Police Inspector Verma
Mac Mohan ... Bheema
Plot
Ratan Kumar lives a middle-class existence with his wife, Pushpa and son, Sunder. When he is asked to commit a crime for Balram Singh, he does so, but decides to keep a suitcase full of diamonds for himself. An enraged Balram sets fire to his house. Believing his wife to be dead, Ratan flees, is rescued by Dr. Saigal, taken to the palace of a distraught Maharani Maanwati, who has just lost her son and husband, but is placated after being told that Sunder is her son. For years, Ratan, who now calls himself Ramesh, works for the Maharani, and when Sunder grows up, the Maharani learns of Ramesh's existence, finds that he closely resembles her husband, and marries him. Shortly thereafter, Pushpa re-surfaces, an enraged Maharani attempts to kill Ramesh, but ends up killing herself, before dying she asks Sunder to avenge her death. Sunder now hates Ramesh, not knowing that Ramesh is his real father. Fleeing from Sunder and the Police's wrath, Ramesh is apprehended by the Police, tried in Court, and sentenced to several years in jail. When he returns, he becomes an underworld don, with a sole motive of bringing an end to Balram. Meanwhile, Sunder, who now calls himself Shyam, is also on the lookout for Ramesh for taking his revenge, and has befriended Ravi, Ramesh's second son, who was born during his tenure in prison. When Balram finds this out, he plots to use Shyam to bring an end to Ramesh and his entire family - once and for all. Later, Shyam learns that Ramesh is his real father and innocent. It is now up to Shyam (Sunder) to save his father and family from Balram.
Soundtrack
Majrooh Sultanpuri write all songs.
"Jab Chaaha Yaara Tumne", sung by Kishore Kumar, is an evergreen classic.
References
External links
1985 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Nasir Hussain
Films scored by R. D. Burman
Albert Étienne Jean-Baptiste Terrien de Lacouperie (23 November 1844 – 11 October 1894) was a French orientalist, specialising in comparative philology. He published a number of books on early Asian and Middle-Eastern languages, initially in French and then in English. Lacouperie is best known for his studies of the Yi Ching and his argument, known as Sino-Babylonianism, that the important elements of ancient civilization in ancient China came from Mesopotamia and that there were resemblances between Chinese characters and Akkadian hieroglyphics.
The American sinologist E. Bruce Brooks writes that Lacouperie "gained a sufficiently accurate view of the Spring and Autumn period that he realized, half a century before Chyen Mu and Owen Lattimore, that the 'Chinese' territory of that period was in fact honeycombed with non-Sinitic peoples and even states." Brooks concluded that the "whole trend of Lacouperie's thought still provokes a collective allergic reaction in Sinology and its neighbor sciences; only now are some of the larger questions he raised, and doubtless mishandled, coming to be hesitantly askable."
Terrien died in London at his residence, 136 Bishops Road, Fulham, leaving a widow.
Early life and name
Biographical detail on Terrien is scant, some notices drawing on Royal Asiatic Society records and prefaces. He was born in November 1844 in Ingouville, Le Havre, Normandy. He was a descendant of the Cornish family of Terrien, which emigrated in the 17th century during the English Civil War, and acquired the property of La Couperie in Normandy. Some bibliographies append "Baron" to his name and it appears he published under the name Albert Étienne Jean-Baptiste Terrien de Lahaymonnais Peixotte de Poncel, Baron de La Couperie, but there is no record of the family being ennobled. His father was a merchant, and Albert received a business education.
Career
In early life he settled at Hong Kong, where he soon turned his attention from commerce to the study of oriental languages, and he acquired an especially intimate knowledge of the Chinese language. In 1867, he published a philological work, Du Langage, Essai sur la Nature et l'Étude des Mots et des Langues (Paris, 8 volumes), which attracted considerable attention. Soon after, his attention was attracted by the progress made in deciphering Babylonian inscriptions, and by the resemblance between the Chinese characters and the early Akkadian language hieroglyphics.
The comparative philology of the two languages occupied most of his later life, and he was able to show an early affinity between them. In 1879, he went to London, was elected a fellow of the Royal Asiatic Society, and began to write works in English. In 1884, he became professor of comparative philology, as applied to the languages of South-Eastern Asia, at University College, London.
In the 1880s, he was also employed on several short-term contracts to work on the East-Asian coin collection at the British Museum. In 1892, he published his Catalogue of Chinese Coins from the VIIth Century BC to AS 621 including the Series in the British Museum, for which the Académie des Inscriptions, France, awarded him the Stanislas Julien Prize, worth 1,500 French francs, "for the best work relating to China".
His last years were largely occupied by a study of the I Ching, or Book of Changes. Its meaning had long proved a puzzle both to native and to foreign scholars. Terrien demonstrated that the basis of the work consisted of fragmentary notes, chiefly lexical in character, and noticed that they bore a close resemblance to the syllabaries of Chaldaea. In 1892, he published the first part of an explanatory treatise The Oldest Book of the Chinese (London, 8 volumes), in which he stated his theory of the nature of the I Ching, and gave translations of passages from it. The treatise, however, was not completed before his death.
In recognition of his services to oriental study he received a Doctor of Letters degree from the University of Leuven. He also enjoyed for a time a small pension from the French government, and after that had been withdrawn an unsuccessful attempt was made by his friends to obtain him an equivalent from the English ministry. He was twice awarded the prix Stanislas Julien by the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres for his services to oriental philology.
Evaluations of Lacouperie's theories
Lacouperie's translations and Sino-Babylonian theories that the origins of Chinese civilization lay in Mesopotamia impressed the public but were criticised or dismissed by sinologists then and in following years. James Legge, whose translations of the Chinese Classics appeared at the same time as Terrien's and are still considered standard, questioned Terrien's sinological competence. Legge's review of Lacouperie's translation of the I Ching charged that only "hasty ignorance" could have led to the mistakes, which included failing to consult the basic reference, the Kangxi Dictionary. Another reviewer at the time labelled Terrien a "specious wonder-monger." But the final decline of Lacouperie's comparativist theories of the origins of Chinese civilisation was marked by the attacks of University of Leiden sinologist, Gustav Schlegel. Schlegel and following Orientalists insisted on the independent origin and growth of Chinese civilisation. In particular, these scholars pointed out that monosyllabic Chinese characters could not be equated to polysyllabic Chaldean words; that in any case, Assyriological knowledge was "dangerously uncertain" and too unreliable to make such claims; and that it had not even been established that Babylonian civilization was earlier than Chinese.
Lacouperie's theory on the Babylonion origins of the sixty year ganzhi cyclical calendar system has fared little better, as the two systems differed both in concept and function: the Babylonion decimal system was used to count up to 60, where the cycle started again, while the Chinese system combined a cycle of twelve and a cycle of ten.
Lacouperie's ideas received attention from some Chinese intellectuals and nationalists, in support of anti-Manchu racist theories (founded on those of Herbert Spencer and the Yellow Book) that were current at the beginning of the 20th century. His theory of a Western origin of Chinese civilization had reached Japan around the same time, the academic refutation did not stop it becoming a prevalent and populist notion.
The idea for a mythical script, native to Formosa, was founded on a formulation of the author, though he also noted the paucity in quality of information from that region.
A more durable contribution to scholarship was Lacouperie's identification of the ancient names of the Indian Brahmi and Kharosthi scripts from research in Chinese sources.
Works
Besides the works mentioned, Terrien was the author of:
Early History of Chinese Civilisation, London, 1880, 8vo.
On the History of the Archaic Chinese Writings and Text, London, 1882, 8vo.
Paper Money of the Ninth Century and supposed Leather Coinage of China, London, 1882, 8vo.
Cradle of the Shan Race, London, 1885, 8vo.
Babylonia and China, London, 1887, 4to.
Did Cyrus introduce Writing into India? London, 1887, 8vo.
The Languages of China before the Chinese, London, 1887, 8vo; French edition, Paris, 1888, 8vo. Online at Internet Archive
The Miryeks or Stone Men of Corea, Hertford, 1887, 8vo.
The Yueh-Ti and the early Buddhist Missionaries in China, 1887, 8vo.
Formosa Notes; Mss., Languages and Races, 1887, 8vo.
The Old Babylonian Characters and their Chinese Derivates, London, 1888, 8vo.
The Djurtchen of Mandshuria, 1889, 8vo.
Le Non-Monosyllabisme du Chinois Antique, Paris, 1889, 8vo.
The Onomastic Similarity of Nai Kwang-ti of China and Nakhunte of Susiana, London, 1890, 8vo.
L'Ère des Arsacides selon les Inscriptions cunéiformes, Louvain, 1891, 8vo.
How in 219 B.C. Buddhism entered China, London [1891?], 8vo.
Mélanges: on the Ancient History of Glass and Coal and the Legend of Nü-Kwa's Coloured Stones in China [1891?], 8vo.
Sur deux Ères inconnus de l'Asie Antérieure, 330 et 251 B.C., 1891, 8vo.
The Silk Goddess of China and her Legend, London, 1891, 8vo.
Catalogue of Chinese Coins from the VIIth Cent. B.C. to A.D. 621, ed. R. S. Poole, London, 1892, 8vo.
Beginnings of Writing in Central and Eastern Asia, London, 1894, 8vo.
'* Internet Archive
Many of these treatises were reprinted from the Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society and other publications. He also edited the Babylonian and Oriental Record from 1886.
See also
List of French people
List of sinologists
List of University College London people
References
Attribution
External links
Titles of papers in The Academy, etc.
"The Metallic Cowries of Ancient China (600 B.C.)" Terrien de Lacouperie The Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland New Series, Vol. 20, No. 3 (July 1888), pp. 428–439
E. Bruce Brooks, "Albert Terrien de Lacouperie 1845–1894" Warring States Project, University of Massachusetts, Amherst.
1844 births
1894 deaths
19th-century French writers
19th-century philologists
Academics of University College London
French expatriates in Hong Kong
Fellows of the Royal Asiatic Society
French emigrants to the United Kingdom
French sinologists
French scholars
People associated with the British Museum
Writers from Le Havre
French people of Cornish descent
19th-century British male writers
Chinese numismatics
French male non-fiction writers
Ellen Arkbro (born 1990) is a Swedish avant-garde composer working largely in meantone temperament. Her primary instrument is the pipe organ, and she also composes for brass and winds. Early work makes ample use of the text-based programming environment SuperCollider as a tonality design resource in which "there are some very natural ways of working with rational frequency relationships."
Early life
Arkbro was born in Stockholm. Excelling in church choir she resolved to study jazz, only to find that jazz depressingly compelled her to seek an opposite aesthetic direction. After attending Elektronmusikstudion in Stockholm, and upon completing a degree in electroacoustic composition at the Royal College of Music in Stockholm, Arkbro studied just intonation under the tutelage of LaMonte Young, Marian Zazeela and Jung Hee Choi in New York and Marc Sabat in Berlin.
Recordings
For Organ and Brass
For her 2017 debut album For Organ and Brass, Arkbro, who was raised Baptist, uses the Sherer-Orgel organ at St. Stephen's Church in Tangermünde, Germany, an instrument dating to 1624, in a church dating to 1118. The LP comprises recordings of her compositions in just intonation for renaissance organ, horn, trombone and microtonal tuba.
CHORDS
CHORDS (2019) was designed to draw attention to the way sound exists in space, the way tonality and harmony affect an environment. The music is intended for large speakers, allowing it to take over a home and envelop the listener.
Pitchfork finds that the album "delves even deeper into microtonal interplay, balancing heady theoretical terrain with a rare emotional resonance. [Arkbro's] music is infused with a profound emotionality that transcends its heady origins. Passing through the gates of extreme rigor, CHORDS finds private infinity in a handful or stretched-out drones."
Sounds while waiting
Sounds while waiting (2021) is an album that explores the long drawn out manner of playing chords in a resonant space. It focuses on exploring the depths of a "rough, focused and yet strangely transparent" form of "texturality". The instrumentation consists of organ and cymbals and the album contains the two-parter "Sculpture", along with 2 others.
Concerts
During the coronavirus pandemic in 2021, Arkbro performed at the medieval Church of São Martinho de Cedofeita, in the municipality of Porto, Portugal.
Discography
Hästköttskandalen
2015: Spacegirls (Fylkingen Records)
Solo
2017: For Organ and Brass (Subtext Recordings)
2019: CHORDS (Subtext Recordings)
References
External links
Official website
Ellen Arkbro on NTS Radio
Hör ny musik av Ellen Arkbro, Sveriges Radio, January 22, 2020.
1990 births
Swedish women composers
21st-century composers
Just intonation composers
Experimental composers
Microtonal composers
Royal College of Music, Stockholm alumni
Living people
21st-century Swedish musicians
21st-century women composers
Composers for carillon
Silver phosphate or silver orthophosphate is a light sensitive, yellow, water-insoluble chemical compound composed of silver and phosphate ions of formula Ag3PO4.
Synthesis, reactions and properties
Silver phosphate is formed as a yellow solid precipitate by the reaction between a soluble silver salt, such as silver nitrate, with a soluble orthophosphate. Its solubility product is 8.89×10−17 mol4·dm−12. The precipitation reaction is analytically significant and can be used in qualitative or quantitative and quantitative analysis.
This compound dissolves in aqueous ammonia. Large crystals of silver phosphate form upon gradual evaporation of such ammoniacal solutions.
Its structure has been confirmed by X-ray crystallography.
Uses
The precipitation of silver phosphate is useful in traditional analytical chemistry. Precipitation of silver phosphate is also used in silver staining of biological materials (after reduction to silver metal) - as a magnifying agent for phosphate.
Silver phosphate also found use in early photography as a light sensitive agent.
Silver phosphate exhibits antibacterial properties.
Research
Silver phosphate is a high (90%) quantum yield photocatalyst for the visible light photochemical splitting of water and for production of activated oxygen by the same method.
Other silver phosphates
Silver pyrophosphate Ag4P2O7 (CAS No. 13465-97-9) can be prepared as a white precipitate from reaction of silver(I) and pyrophosphate ions. Like silver orthophosphate it is light sensitive. Silver orthophosphate turns red on exposure to light. It has a density of 5.306 g/cm3 and a melting point of 585 °C. A hydrate also exists which decomposes at 110 °C.
Silver metaphosphate (AgPO3) (CAS No. 13465-96-8) is a white solid with a density of 6.370 g/cm3 and a melting point of 482 °C. A hydrate also exists which decomposes at 240 °C.
References
Silver compounds
Phosphates
Hugh Norman Guthrie (2 July 1910 – 28 January 2000) was an Australian politician who was a Liberal Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1959 to 1971, representing the seat of Subiaco. He served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 1968 to 1971.
Early life
Guthrie was born in the remote mining town of Laverton, to Annie (née Hutchinson) and Wemyss Manley Guthrie. He attended Hale School and the University of Western Australia, and after training as a lawyer was admitted to practise in 1933. Guthrie enlisted in the Second Australian Imperial Force in 1939, and saw service in the Middle East with the 2/16th Infantry Battalion. Later he was commissioned as an officer and served in New Guinea where he was wounded while serving at Sanananda with the 49th Infantry Battalion. Afterwards, he saw further service at Morotai and in Borneo, including a period in the headquarters of Lieutenant-General Sir Leslie Morshead, the commander of the II Corps. By the end of the war Guthrie had reached the rank of captain, and also been mentioned in dispatches. He was discharged in October 1945, and returned to the legal profession. Guthrie married June Cresswell Collins in 1946, with whom he had five children.
Politics and later life
A member of the Nationalist Party from 1933 and a founding member of the Liberal Party in 1945, Guthrie was elected to parliament at the 1959 state election, defeating the sitting Labor member for Subiaco, Percival Potter. He increased his majority at the 1962 election. When John Hearman, the long-serving Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, was defeated in his seat at the 1968 election, Guthrie was elected to take his place. He served until his retirement at the 1971 election, which also saw the defeat of the Liberal government led by Sir David Brand. Outside of politics, Guthrie served as a director of a number of mining companies, and was also president of the Royal King's Park Tennis Club from 1950 to 1955 and president of the Western Australian Club from 1953 to 1955. He died in Midland in 2000, aged 89.
See also
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
References
1910 births
2000 deaths
Australian Anglicans
Australian Army officers
Australian barristers
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
Speakers of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People educated at Hale School
People from Laverton, Western Australia
University of Western Australia alumni
20th-century Australian politicians
Mark Woodforde defeated Wally Masur 6–2, 6–4 to secure the title.
Seeds
Wally Masur (final)
Michiel Schapers (first round)
Mark Woodforde (champion)
Peter Doohan (first round)
John Fitzgerald (semifinals)
Darren Cahill (first round)
Christian Saceanu (first round)
Matt Anger (first round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1988 South Australian Open Draw
Singles
Henriëtte Mayer-van den Bergh (9 July 1838 – 27 March 1920) was a Belgian museum founder, known for commissioning the building and establishing Museum Mayer van den Bergh, which she curated until her death.
She was the daughter of the Antwerp senator Jean Félix Van den Bergh who ran the “La Cloche” brewery with his brother Maximilien. Henriette married the Cologne businessman Emil Mayer in 1857, who had moved to Antwerp to open a franchise for his family's pharmacy and spice business. The Mayer-Van den Berghs purchased the 'Hof van Arenberg' on the corner of Lange Gasthuisstraat and Arenbergstraat in 1861 and renovated it to suit their taste. They had two sons, Fritz and Oscar. After the death of her husband Emil in 1879, Henriette withdrew from society but turned to the study of art. Her oldest son Fritz broke off his studies to move back in with her and Oscar took over the family business. In 1887 Fritz took her name, and in 1888 both sons were granted noble titles. Fritz became thereafter known in the art world as 'Chev. Mayer-van den Bergh'.
Founding a museum
During the years her husband was alive, Henriette was probably already active as a collector, as the archives of her museum have provenance notes by her son Fritz indicating "Maman" for works purchased by her. After her son returned to live with her, he first spent time on his own numismatic collection and then turned his attention to cataloguing the family's art. In 1892, mother and son sold a large part of their collection, presumably to enable Fritz to make serious acquisitions with an eye for founding a museum. During the next nine years he became a dealer in his own right, making sales and purchases to augment his growing collection. After his untimely death, Henriette fulfilled his dream, hiring the architect Joseph Hertogs to build an adjacent building in Gothic style, and hiring advisors to help her oversee her son's estate, while securing his papers regarding the core collection that was destined for the museum. She curated the museum herself until she died, leaving a legacy that has survived to the present day.
References
Museum Mayer van den Bergh in 'Openbaar Kunstbezit Vlaanderen'
1838 births
1920 deaths
Belgian philanthropists
Belgian women
Belgian art curators
Museum founders
The Iserhoff River North is a tributary of the Iserhoff River, flowing into Regional County Municipality (RCM) of Eeyou Istchee Baie-James (municipality), in the administrative region of Nord-du-Québec, in the province Canadian of Quebec, in Canada.
The course of the river Iserhoff Nord successively crosses the townships of Vignal and Bergères.
The hydrographic slope of the Iserhoff River North is accessible by the R1018 road (North-South direction). This road is attached to the South to the road 113 linking Lebel-sur-Quévillon to Chibougamau.
The surface of the Iserhoff North River is usually frozen from early November to mid-May, however, safe ice circulation is usually from mid-November to mid-April.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the North Iserhoff River are:
North side: Vignal Creek, Waswanipi River, Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
East side: Lake Waswanipi, Bachelor River;
South side: Iserhoff River, Madeleine Lake;
West side: Opaoca River, Bell River.
The Iserhoff North River originates from a forest stream near Highway 1018 (North-South direction) at the foot of the Waswanipi Hills at:
North of the mouth of the North Iserhoff River (confluence with the Iserhoff River);
Northwest of the mouth of the Iserhoff River (confluence with Lake Waswanipi;
Southwest of the mouth of Lake Waswanipi (confluence with the Maicasagi River);
Southeast of the mouth of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
South of the mouth of the Matagami Lake;
Southeast of the mouth of the Nottaway River;
Southeast of downtown Matagami.
From its source, the "Iserhoff River North" flows over according to the following segments:
southerly in Vignal Township through a marsh zone to the northern limit of the township of Bergères;
southerly in the canton of Bergères, to a creek coming from a mountain range (coming from the North-West);
southeasterly at the foot of Waswanipi Hills to the bridge of a forest road that passes on the west side of the R1018 forest road;
southerly forming an easterly curve to drain a marsh area to R1018 Forest Road Bridge;
west, to a creek (coming from the North);
south winding to its mouth.
The Iserhoff North River empties onto the North shore of the Iserhoff River, which flows eastward to the bottom of the Southwest Bay of Lake Waswanipi. From this mouth, the current flows East, then North, on the Lake Waswanipi to its mouth. From there, the current flows first north through the Waswanipi River, then West to the East shore of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River). The current flows westward to the east shore of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River). The latter is crossed to the northwest by the Waswanipi River which is a tributary of Matagami Lake.
The mouth of the Iserhoff North River is located at:
West of the mouth of the Iserhoff River;
southwesterly of the mouth of Lake Waswanipi (confluence with the Waswanipi River);
Southeast of a bay south of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
Southeast of the mouth of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
Southeast of the mouth of Olga Lake (Waswanipi River);
South-west of the village center of Waswanipi;
Southeast of downtown Matagami.
Toponymy
The term "Iserhoff" is a family name.
The toponym "Iserhoff North River" was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec, at the creation of this commission
References
See also
Rivers of Nord-du-Québec
Nottaway River drainage basin
Eeyou Istchee James Bay
Arthroleptis kutogundua, also known as the overlooked squeaker frog, is a species of frog in the family Arthroleptidae. It has not been seen since 1930, and is believed to be possibly extinct.
Taxonomy
Originally, Arthroleptis kutogundua was incorrectly identified as Arthroleptis adolfifriederici. It was formally described as a new species in 2012 by David C. Blackburn. He gave it the specific epithet 'kutogundua' from a Kiswahili word for 'to not discover', referring to the fact that its original collector did not recognize it as a new species.
Description
Arthroleptis kutogundua is larger than most members of its genus, with the only known specimen being 44.4mm long. They have longer toes and less prominent tympanums than other members of their genus as well.
Habitat and distribution
Arthroleptis kutogundua is only known from its type locality, Ngozi Crater in the Poronto Mountains of Tanzania. The holotype was collected while hopping on the sodden forest floor, and the species is believed to be terrestrial and associated with leaf litter.
History
The holotype and only known specimen of Arthroleptis kutogundua was an adult female, collected on March 19th, 1930 by herpetologist Arthur Loveridge. He incorrectly identified it as Arthroleptis adolfifriederici. The species has not been seen since then. In 2012, herpetologist David Blackburn reassessed the specimen, and identified it as a new species. His recommendation was that the species be classed as Data Deficient by the IUCN. The IUCN assessed the species on October 1st, 2012, and classified it as Critically Endangered and possibly extinct.
References
kutogundua
Amphibians of Tanzania
Endemic fauna of Tanzania
Amphibians described in 2012
Otiorhynchus gemmatus is a species in the weevil family (Curculionidae).
Description
Otiorhynchus gemmatus can reach a length of . The basic color is black, with small white spots on the elytra.
Distribution and habitat
This species inhabits the mountains of most of Europe.
References
Biolib
Fauna Europaea
EoL
Entiminae
Beetles described in 1763
Taxa named by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli
Luis Miguel del Risco Torres (born September 7, 1989, in Barranquilla, Colombia) is a professional Italo-Colombian soccer player. He currently plays as a defender for Expreso Rojo.
CLub career
From 2008 to 2010, he played for Millionarios in the Copa Mustang.
External links
Profile at BDFA
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Barranquilla
Colombian footballers
Millonarios F.C. players
Tigres F.C. footballers
Association football defenders
The İske Taş () or Iske Tash Mosque, also the Old Stone Mosque (via , , Starokamennaya, Iske-Tash) or the Mosque of the Old Stone (via ), formerly known as The Ninth Cathedral Mosque, The Big Stone Mosque, is a mosque in Kazan, Russia.
History
According to the old legend, it was erected on the place of a communal grave of the fighting men who defended Kazan in 1552. The grave was marked by a big old stone (zur iske taş), which has been preserved in front of the east facade of the mosque for many years after its erection.
The mosque was built in 1802 with donations of merchant Ğabdulla Ütämişev. The qibla of the mosque was set by Ghabdennasir Qursawi. In 1830 it was reconstructed according to the project of Alexander Schmidt. The mosque's façades were rebuilt in classicism traditions. Their strictness is accentuated by the minaret with three tiers set on a thick cross wall between the praying rooms. The minarets' shape is associated with the minarets in the ancient towns Bolghar and Kasimov. The mosque is two-storied, has two halls, the minaret is placed in the center of gable roof.
In the 19th century the imams were from Amirkhan family.
The mosque was closed according to the decision of Central Executive Committee of Tatar ASSR at the end of the 1930s. It was used as a school and then as storage during the Soviet rule. In 1994 it was returned to the believers.
See also
Islam in Tatarstan
Islam in Russia
List of mosques in Russia
List of mosques in Europe
References
External links
Russian mosques
Mosques in Kazan
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1802
Closed mosques in the Soviet Union
Mosques in Russia
Mosques in Europe
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Tatarstan
The Journal of Dental Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of dentistry. The editor-in-chief is Nicholas Jakubovics (Newcastle University, UK). It was established in 1919 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the International and American Association for Dental Research.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Science Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a two-year impact factor of 4.914.
References
External links
International & American Associations for Dental Research
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Dentistry journals
Monthly journals
Publications established in 1919
The Zeppelin C.I (sometimes Zeppelin (Jaray) C.I or Zeppelin-Friedrichshafen C.I) was a German single-engine two-seat biplane, designed by Paul Jaray and built by Zeppelin in World War I. Friedrichshafen referred to the location of the Zeppelin factory where development occurred, and was not connected with the aircraft manufacturer of that name.
Development
The structure of the C.I was wood with a fabric covering, while the C.II had a metal structure, and dispensed with the horn balance on the rudder.
Specifications
References
Citations
Bibliography
1910s German aircraft
Biplanes
Aircraft first flown in 1917
Empires and Dance is the third studio album by Scottish new wave band Simple Minds, released on 12 September 1980 by record label Arista.
Background
The album was influenced by the band's experience of travelling in Europe on their previous tour. Prior to the album the band demoed several of their new songs, including "Capital City" and "I Travel" that had appeared on that tour. "Room" was first recorded as a John Peel session in December 1979 together with three songs from Real to Real Cacophony. (These recordings were all later released as part of the 2004 box set Silver Box).
Recording and release
Empires and Dance was recorded from May to July 1980 in Wales at Rockfield Studios and the Rolling Stones Mobile Studio.
While more successful than its non-charting predecessor (Real to Real Cacophony), Empires and Dance charted relatively poorly, peaking at only number 41 in the UK Albums Chart. According to AllMusic, this was primarily because Arista Records only released a small number of copies at a time before each batch sold out. This had the effect of limited availability for fans.
The opening track "I Travel" was released as a single in 1980, but failed to chart. "Celebrate" was chosen as the second single due to popularity amongst fans. However, it was only released after Simple Minds had left Arista. As a result, the single sold very poorly, and the picture sleeve 7" is amongst the hardest of the band's singles to find.
Following the release of the album, Simple Minds transferred to Virgin Records, where they met with much greater commercial success. Arista tried to capitalise on this success by re-releasing "I Travel" as a single in 1982, along with the compilation Celebration. In 1983, Virgin re-released "I Travel" on 12", to coincide with the acquisition of the band's Arista catalogue. Both times, it still failed to chart.
Critical reception
Empires and Dance has been well-received critically. Paul Morley called it "a weird, agitating record" in his review for NME. He highlighted "I Travel" as one of "the great disco-rock songs" and "the magnificent" "This Fear of Gods" as the band's "most impressive work to date", and concluded: "Simple Minds have invented their own ways, melodramatic yet modernist. An authentic new torch music. I'm dancing as fast as I can." Simon Ludgate of Record Mirror praised Empires and Dance as "one of the few classic albums of 1980."
Legacy
In a retrospective review, Andy Kellman of AllMusic described Empires and Dance as a "post-punk dance classic". Trouser Press said that despite its inconsistency, Empires and Dance was an "extremely atmospheric and promising" album, "with good dance tunes and a few more quasi-psychedelic ones."
John Foxx has praised the album and Jim Kerr as a "unique" lyricist.
The album cover's faux Cyrillic typeface was emulated for the cover of Manic Street Preachers' third album The Holy Bible, released in 1994. (While the former album reversed all Rs and Ns to resemble Cyrillic letters, the latter album, in contrast, reversed only the Rs.) Twenty years later, Empires and Dance would be cited as a key influence on Futurology, the Manics' twelfth album. It remains one of singer and guitarist James Dean Bradfield's favourite records. He said of Empires and Dance in a 1995 Melody Maker article on his favourite albums:
Imagery in Patrik Sampler's novel The Ocean Container was inspired by "Thirty Frames a Second".
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the album's liner notes.
Simple Minds
Charlie Burchill – guitar, saxophone
Derek Forbes – bass guitar, fretless bass guitar
Jim Kerr – vocals
Mick MacNeil – keyboards
Brian McGee – drums
Technical
John Leckie – production, engineering
Hugh Jones – engineering
The Artifex Studio – artwork
Michael Ruetz – front cover photography
Richard Coward – photography
Charts
References
External links
1980 albums
Simple Minds albums
Albums produced by John Leckie
Albums recorded at Rockfield Studios
Arista Records albums
Pentanoyl chloride is an acyl chloride derived from pentanoic acid. It is a colorless liquid that is used to attach the valeroyl group. It is usually produced by chlorination of valeric acid.
Reactions
Like related acyl chlorides, valeryl chloride hydrolyzes readily:
CH3(CH2)3C(O)Cl + H2O → CH3(CH2)3CO2H + HCl
Alcohols react to give esters:
CH3(CH2)3C(O)Cl + ROH → CH3(CH2)3CO2R + HCl
Amines react to give amides:
CH3(CH2)3C(O)Cl + R2NH → CH3(CH2)3C(O)NR2 + HCl
Benzene reacts under conditions of the Friedel-Crafts reaction to give valerophenone:
CH3(CH2)3C(O)Cl + C6H6 → CH3(CH2)3C(O)C6H5 + HCl
References
Acyl chlorides
Reagents for organic chemistry
Jean-Charles Prince (13 February 1804 – 5 May 1860) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, teacher, seminary administrator, editor, and Bishop of Saint-Hyacinthe, Lower Canada from 1852 to 1860.
Life
Jean-Charles Prince was born 13 February 1804 at Saint-Grégoire (Bécancour), Lower Canada to Jean and Rosalie Bourg Prince. His father was a farmer. He attended the minor Séminaire de Nicolet from 1813 to 1822, when he began his studies for the priesthood. He taught rhetoric and the humanities while still a seminarian. On 23 September 1826 he was ordained. Prince then became secretary to Jean-Jacques Lartigue, an auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Quebec and vicar general for Montreal. Father Prince was also appointed chaplain of Saint-Jacques Cathedral, Bishop Lartigue's cathedral seat.
In 1831, Prince was made director of the major seminary, the Collège de Saint-Hyacinthe, a position he held until 1840. In addition to his regular duties, Prince also taught theology and served as prefect of studies. Attempting to maintain neutrality during the political unrest at the time was challenging. Following the battles of Saint-Denis and Saint-Charles-sur-Richelieu in 1837, the Séminaire de Saint-Hyacinthe sheltered for a few days 200 soldiers and six officers, while also hiding two Patriote leaders on the run. Prince was obliged to assert on more than one occasion that the institution was entirely neutral.
In April 1840 Bishop Lartigue died and was succeeded by his coadjutor Ignace Bourget as Bishop of Montreal. Bishop Bourget brought Prince to Montreal to establish the Mélanges religieux, a Catholic newspaper. Prince remained in charge of the newspaper until November 1843. His other duties included serving as a canon at the cathedral, and as chaplain to the Montreal Asylum for Aged and Infirm Women. He helped to train the novices who were to form the Daughters of Charity, Servants of the Poor, and was chief chaplain to the Congregation of Notre-Dame and the Religious Hospitallers of St Joseph of the Hôtel-Dieu in Montreal. He accompanied a group of Hospitallers to Kingston, Upper Canada, at the request of the bishop there, Rémi Gaulin. Prince left for Kingston on 19 November and stayed a year. As well as helping the sisters get settled, he ministered to the French Canadians of the region and studied English.
On July 5, 1844, Pope Gregory XVI appointed him titular bishop of Martyropolis and coadjutor of Montreal. During a pastoral visit to Bytown in 1846, the bishop blessed the chapel of Notre-Dame de Bon Secours, which had been built in Hull for the purpose of ministering to the woodcutters. On June 29, 1851, he laid the first stone of the church of Saint-Pierre-Apôtre.
In 1851 he was sent to Rome to deliver to Pope Pius IX the acts of the first provincial council of Montreal.
Bishop of Saint-Hyacinthe
Bishop Prince brought the French Sisters of the Presentation of Mary and the Dominicans to his diocese. Bishop Prince died on May 5, 1860.
See also
References
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry
1804 births
1860 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
Roman Catholic bishops of Saint-Hyacinthe
Cannonball Funk'n Friends is an album by jazz pianist Roberto Magris released on the JMood label in 2013, featuring performances by the Roberto Magris Quintet with Hermon Mehari, Jim Mair, Dominique Sanders and Alonzo "Scooter" Powell. The album is a tribute to saxophonist Cannonball Adderley and his jazz-funk and soul jazz bands.
Reception
The All About Jazz review by Jack Bowers awarded the album 3½ stars and simply states: "In choosing music for the quintet, Magris focused on 'the groovy side' of Cannonball Adderley's songbook. The mood is cheeky and aggressive from start to finish, and everyone plays well within that framework. What the album does not have, of course, is either of the Adderley brothers, and so it is missing the deep-rooted ebullience they would bring to any such enterprise. Aside from that, an astute and listenable session."
Track listing
Jeannine (Duke Pearson) – 9:45
Blue Daniel (Frank Rosolino) – 5:34
Sticks (Julian Cannonball Adderley) – 7:17
Saudade (Walter Booker) – 8:22
Bohemia After Dark (Oscar Pettiford) – 5:32
Keep Headed in the Right Direction (Roberto Magris) – 8:13
Arriving Soon (Eddie Vinson) – 8:12
Outback Special (Roberto Magris) – 8:37
Audio Liner Notes – 3:48
Personnel
Musicians
Hermon Mehari – trumpet, cornet
Jim Mair – alto sax
Roberto Magris - piano, Hammond organ
Dominique Sanders - electric bass
Alonzo “Scooter” Powell - drums
Production
Paul Collins – executive producer and producer
George Hunt – engineering
Stephen Bocioaca – design
Jerry Lockett and Naima Magris – photography
References
2013 albums
Roberto Magris albums
The Plaxton Verde was a step-entrance full-size single-decker bus body built by Plaxton between 1991 and 1997. It was built on a rear-engined chassis, the most popular of which was the Dennis Lance which accounted for over half of the Verdes built. The rest were on Volvo B10B, DAF SB220 and Scania N113 chassis.
The Verde has an aluminium structure, which is related to that of the smaller Pointer. The flat-sided, boxy shape is also similar to that of the Pointer, except for the front end, which has a "barrel-curvature" windscreen plus quarterlights.
On early vehicles (primarily the Scania N113s and DAF SB220s), the side windows have rounded corners and the quarterlights are deeper than the windscreen. Later built vehicles have square-cornered windows, an enlarged cab side window with an angled corner like that on the Pointer, and quarterlights which finish level with the windscreen. Minor alterations were also made to the front dash panel.
The forty DAF SB220/Plaxton Verdes, which went into service with Dublin Bus in 1993, had additional front grille apertures and dual door. They were known as the P class and were used to introduce a new high frequency brand known as 'City Swift' on route 39 (city centre - Blanchardstown). They were plagued with structural problems and returned to Scarborough more than once for remedial treatment. In 2003 they passed to sister company Bus Éireann and were converted to single door for school bus work. All are now withdrawn as of May 2015.
The Verde was identified by the letter L in Plaxton's post-1989 body numbering system.
See also
List of buses
External links
Verde
Full-size buses
Step-entrance buses
Chedra pensor is a tiny dwarf moth in the family Batrachedridae. It was collected by Ronald W. Hodges at a place called West Fork, southwest of Flagstaff, Coconino County, Arizona, in the United States, at in elevation in early July, and subsequently described by him in 1966. It has been found in the US states of California, Arizona and Illinois. The holotype is kept at the Department of Entomology of the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution. It is the type species of the genus Chedra.
References
Batrachedridae
Moths described in 1966
Endemic fauna of the United States
Strahinja Bunčić (; born 05 January 1996) is a Serbian judoka. He won European U-23 Championships bronze in 2017 in Podgorica. He took bronze in the Champions League in 2019 with Red Star Belgrade.
Achievements
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Serbian male judoka
European Games competitors for Serbia
Judoka at the 2019 European Games
Sportspeople from Banja Luka
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Serbia
Mediterranean Games medalists in judo
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Final Account may refer to:
Final Account (film), 2020 documentary about Nazi Germany
Dry Bones That Dream, also known as Final Account, 1994 crime novel by Peter Robinson
See also
Final accounts
Einar Wang (5 November 1855 – 2 March 1939) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
Born in Våle, he started his career working in a trade company in Tønsberg, from 1871 to 1878. In 1878 he was issued burghership in the city of Holmestrand, and established his own company.
He was a member of Holmestrand city council from 1896 to 1901 and 1904 to 1916, serving as mayor from 1910. He also chaired the local commercial association, the school board, the board of the local savings bank and was deputy chairman of the board of the Holmestrand–Vittingfoss Line.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1919, representing the constituency of Brevik og Holmestrand. He served only one term.
References
1855 births
1939 deaths
Members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Vestfold
Conservative Party (Norway) politicians
People from Holmestrand
Norwegian businesspeople
People from Re, Norway
Politicians from Tønsberg
Accident Fund Insurance Company of America is an American workers' compensation insurance company headquartered in Lansing, Michigan. The company is a member of AF Group, a provider of insurance. Insurance policies may be issued by any of the following companies within AF Group: Accident Fund Insurance Company of America, Accident Fund National Insurance Company, Accident Fund General Insurance Company, United Wisconsin Insurance Company, Third Coast Insurance Company or CompWest Insurance Company.
The company is led by Stephen Cooper, president.
History
Accident Fund was founded as a state operation in 1912. It was purchased by Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan in 1994.
In April 2011, Accident Fund completed redevelopment of the Ottawa Street Power Station, an Art Deco landmark on the Grand River in downtown Lansing, Michigan, as its new corporate headquarters.
References
External links
Companies based in Lansing, Michigan
Insurance companies of the United States
American companies established in 1912
Financial services companies established in 1912
1912 establishments in Michigan
Workers' compensation
1994 mergers and acquisitions
Tomai may refer to several places:
Tomai, a commune in Gagauzia
Tomai, a commune in Leova District
Tomai Station, a railway station in Ninohe, Iwate Prefecture, Japan
In organic chemistry, dihydropyran refers to two heterocyclic compounds with the formula C5H8O:
3,4-Dihydro-2H-pyran
3,6-dihydro-2H-pyran
Nomenclature
In IUPAC names, "dihydro" refers to the two added hydrogen atoms needed to remove one double bond from the parent compound pyran. The numbers in front of the prefix indicate the position of the added hydrogen atoms (and not the position of the double bonds).
The italicized capital H denotes the "indicated hydrogen", which is a second hydrogen atom present on the location where no double bond is present.
See also
Pyran
Tetrahydropyran
References
David Williams (4 May 1877 – 12 July 1927) was a Welsh Calvinistic Methodist minister and theological tutor.
Life
Williams was born on 4 May 1877 at Holyhead, Anglesey, north Wales. He was educated in Holyhead and in Beaumaris before moving to Oswestry where he was taught by Owen Owen. He obtained a degree in Greek and Latin from University College, Aberystwyth in 1898, then studied classics and theology at Jesus College, Oxford. He was appointed as the pastor of the Calvinistic Methodist church in Clifton Street, Cardiff in 1903 and was ordained in the following year. In 1905, he became professor of Church History at Trefeca theological college, and became professor of the New Testament in 1906 when the college moved to the United Theological College in Aberystwyth.
During the First World War, he was a chaplain with the Royal Welch Fusiliers from 1916 to 1918, seeing action in Egypt and Palestine. He had a high reputation as a chaplain, preacher (in both Welsh and in English) and teacher. He wrote commentaries on Galatians and 2 Corinthians, and helped prepare revised editions in Welsh of Galatians and James. He left Aberystwyth in 1922 to teach at the Bala College, refusing a promise of the Principalship in Aberystwyth. He died in London on 12 July 1927 after a long illness.
References
1877 births
1927 deaths
Alumni of Aberystwyth University
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Welsh-speaking clergy
Welsh theologians
Welsh Methodist ministers
Royal Welch Fusiliers officers
World War I chaplains
People educated at Holyhead High School
19th-century Welsh clergy
20th-century Welsh clergy
The Capture of Agra Fort ended a month-long siege by Suraj Mal on 12 June 1761. After a one month siege of Agra the Mughal army surrendered to the Jat army. The Jats occupied Agra, the old capital of Mughal Empire. It remained in possession of Bharatpur State rulers until 1774.
Background
Jats began to expand the boundaries of their kingdom. They expanded their territory to eastern Rajasthan, western Uttar Pradesh, southern Haryana, and Delhi. The Jat ruler of Bharatpur Suraj Mal controlled over the Braj region. Agra had to be merged with his territory to dominate.
Battle
Surajmal's army (four thousand Jat soldiers) advanced towards Agra. After a month's siege, on 12 June 1761, Surajmal offered peace terms and promised Qiledar one lakh money with five villages and Agra Fort came under the control of Surajmal. They also melted the two silver doors of the famous Mughal monument Taj Mahal. It remained under the control of Bharatpur rulers until 1774. After the Jats captured the fort of Agra, the Jats had stuffed straw in the Taj Mahal of Agra.
Aftermath
After capturing Agra Fort, Suraj Mal became more powerful and dominant. He now became the ruler of the area of Yamuna. For the Jats, the capture of Agra was an emotional moment. About 90 years ago, just a short distance away from the gate of this fort, Gokula was cut and thrown. Surajmal thus avenged himself. Jats ruled Agra for 13 years from 1761 to 1774. In 1774 the Mughal Commander Mirza Najaf Khan re-captured Agra.
See also
Battle of Delhi (1764)
References
External links
Suraj Mal at Britannica
Agra 1761
1761 in India
Military history of India
Agra 1761
Agra
"I'll Be OK" is a song by English pop rock band McFly. It was released on 15 August 2005 as the second single from their second studio album, Wonderland (2005). The single became the group's fourth number-one single on the UK Singles Chart. Despite its initial popularity, it plunged to number eight during its second week on the chart and spent only a month inside the UK top 40.
Background
The song was written by band members Tom Fletcher, Dougie Poynter and Danny Jones. The single started its life out as two tracks, one written by Jones and the other by Fletcher and then by placing their "best" parts of their songs together, they had written I'll Be OK. In an interview, Tom Fletcher stated "It gives people a positive message, by saying that you should always reassure yourself, even when things do go wrong". The single also includes a new track—"No Worries"—written by former Busted members Charlie Simpson and James Bourne.
The opening of the song is similar to the opening "Won't Get Fooled Again" by the Who, who McFly were influenced by at the time. Another of The Who's songs, "Pinball Wizard", was also covered by McFly for an "I'll Be OK" B-side.
Music video
The music video features the band in various situations that are considered bad, sometimes following along with the lyrics. The video also shows the band on a rooftop playing their instruments. The video is said to have taken inspiration from the 2004 song "The Love of Richard Nixon" by Manic Street Preachers.
Track listings
UK CD1
"I'll Be OK"
"No Worries"
UK CD2
"I'll Be OK"
"Nothing"
"Pinball Wizard"
"I'll Be OK" (video)
UK DVD single
"I'll Be OK" (audio)
"All About You" (audio)
"Pinball Wizard" (home video)
"All About You" (video)
"Home Footage"
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2005 singles
McFly songs
Song recordings produced by Hugh Padgham
Songs written by Danny Jones
Songs written by Dougie Poynter
Songs written by Tom Fletcher
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
Melissa A. Schilling is an American innovation scholar and professor. She holds the John Herzog Family chair in management and organizations at NYU Stern, and she is also the Innovation Director for Stern's Fubon Center for Technology, Business and Innovation. She is world known as an expert in innovation, is the author of the leading innovation strategy text, Strategic Management of Technological Innovation (now in its 5th edition), and is a coauthor of Strategic Management: An Integrated Approach (now in its 12th edition). She is also the author of Quirky: The remarkable story of the traits, foibles, and genius of breakthrough innovators who changed the world. She and her work have been featured on NPR's Marketplace, Bloomberg BusinessWeek, Entrepreneur, Inc., Harvard Business Review, Huffington Post, CNBC, Scientific American, and USA Today, among others. She also speaks regularly at national and international conferences as well as corporations on strategy and innovation.
Biography
Melissa Schilling earned her PhD in strategic management from the University of Washington. Her research focuses on innovation and strategy in high technology industries such as smartphones, videogames, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, electric vehicles, and renewable energies. Much of her work has focused on technology trajectories, collaboration networks and modularity. Her interest in medical innovation also led her to study neurodegenerative diseases, and she has published an influential article on the relationship between Alzheimer's and diabetes.
Professor Schilling has won numerous awards such as the 2003 National Science Foundation's CAREER Award and the Best Paper in Management Science and Organization Science for 2007. She has served on the National Academy of Sciences Committee on "Overcoming the Barriers to Adoption of Electric Vehicles," and currently serves on the Advisory Board of the American Antitrust Institute.
Selected publications
Schilling, M.A. 2000. "Towards a general modular systems theory and its application to inter-firm product modularity". Academy of Management Review, vol. 25:312-334.
Schilling, M.A., & C. Phelps. 2007. "Interfirm collaboration networks: The impact of large-scale network structure on firm innovation", Management Science, 53: 1113-1126.
Schilling, M.A., & M. Esmundo. 2009. "Technology s-curves in renewable energy alternatives: Analysis and implications for industry and government". Energy Policy, 37:1767-1781.
Schilling, M.A. 2015. "Technology shocks, technological collaboration, and innovation outcomes". Organization Science, 26:668-686.
Schilling, M.A. 2015. Strategic Management of Technological Innovation, 5th edition. Boston: McGraw Hill. In English, Spanish, Korean, Chinese (long form and short form), Italian, and Greek.
Schilling, M.A. 2018. Quirky: The Remarkable Story of the Traits, Foibles, and Genius of Breakthrough Innovators who Changed the World. New York: Public Affairs.
Citations
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New York University faculty
University of Washington alumni
University of Colorado Boulder alumni
Robert J. Lang (born May 4, 1961) is an American physicist who is also one of the foremost origami artists and theorists in the world. He is known for his complex and elegant designs, most notably of insects and animals. He has studied the mathematics of origami and used computers to study the theories behind origami. He has made great advances in making real-world applications of origami to engineering problems.
Education and early occupation
Lang was born in Dayton, Ohio, and grew up in Atlanta, Georgia. Lang studied electrical engineering at the California Institute of Technology, where he met his wife-to-be, Diane. He earned a master's degree in electrical engineering at Stanford University in 1983, and returned to Caltech for a Ph.D. in applied physics, with a dissertation titled Semiconductor Lasers: New Geometries and Spectral Properties.
Lang began work for NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in 1988. Lang also worked as a research scientist for Spectra Diode Labs of San Jose, California, and then at JDS Uniphase, also of San Jose.
Lang has authored or co-authored over 80 publications on semiconductor lasers, optics, and integrated optoelectronics, and holds 46 patents in these fields. In 2001, Lang left the engineering field to be a full-time origami artist and consultant. However, he still maintains ties to his physics background: he was the editor-in-chief of the IEEE Journal of Quantum Electronics from 2007 to 2010, and has done part-time laser consulting for Cypress Semiconductor, among others. Lang currently resides in Altadena, California.
Origami
Lang was introduced to origami at the age of six by a teacher who had exhausted other methods of keeping him entertained in the classroom. By his early teens, he was designing original origami patterns. Lang used origami as an escape from the pressures of undergraduate studies. While studying at Caltech, Lang came into contact with other origami masters such as Michael LaFosse, John Montroll, Joseph Wu, and Paul Jackson through the Origami Center of America, now known as OrigamiUSA.
While in Germany for postdoctoral work, Lang and his wife were enamored of Black Forest cuckoo clocks, and he became a sensation in the origami world when he successfully folded one after three months of design and six hours of actual folding.
In 1990, Lang first attempted to write computer code that would solve origami problems, and the result was his first version of Tree Maker. Lang takes full advantage of modern technology in his origami, including using a laser cutter to help score paper for complex folds.
Lang is recognized as one of the leading theorists of the mathematics of origami. He has developed ways to algorithmetize the design process for origami, and is the author of the proof of the completeness of the Huzita–Hatori axioms.
Lang specializes in finding real-world applications for the various theories of origami he has developed. These included designing folding patterns for a German airbag manufacturer. He has worked with the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in Livermore, California, where a team is developing a powerful space telescope, with a 100 m (328 ft) lens in the form of a thin membrane. Lang was engaged by the team to develop a way to fit the tremendous lens, known as the Eyeglass, into a small rocket in such a way that the lens can be unfolded in space and will not suffer from any permanent marks or creases. Lang is the author or co-author of eight books and many articles on origami. Lang also designed the Google Doodle for Akira Yoshizawa's 101st birthday, which was used by Google on March 14, 2012.
Awards and honors
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Bibliography
The Complete Book of Origami; Dover Publications, 1988,
Origami Zoo (with Stephen Weiss ); St. Martin's Press, 1989,
Origami Sea Life (with John Montroll); Dover Publications, 1990,
Origami Animals; Crescent, 1992 (out of print),
Origami Insects and their Kin; Dover Publications, 1995,
Origami in Action; St. Martin's Press, 1996,
Origami Design Secrets: Mathematical Methods for an Ancient Art; A K Peters, 2003,
Twists, Tilings, and Tessellations: Mathematical Methods for Geometric Origami; CRC Press, 2018,
See also
Napkin folding problem
Black Forest cuckoo clock
References
External links
Doctoral Thesis Abstract
Computational Origami from IT Conversations
Radio interview at The Connection
Interview with Robert Lang, by Margaret Wertheim, featured in Cabinet magazine, Issue 17, Spring 2005
Origami Engineering in the Fold: video report on origami telescopes
An Origami Space Telescope
Interview with Peter Shea at Institute for Advanced Study, University of Minnesota, March 2011
Origami^6, American Math Society, (2015)
Origami Insects II; Gallery Origami House, 2003
See a NASA Physicist's Incredible Origami Southwest Daily News (video) 16 Mar 2019
1961 births
Living people
People from Dayton, Ohio
American non-fiction writers
21st-century American physicists
California Institute of Technology alumni
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Origami artists
People from Altadena, California
Stanford University alumni
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Charles Emery may refer to:
Charles Edward Emery (1838–1898), civil engineer
Charles E. Emery, American football coach
The former Palace of Justice of Douala situated in Douala is a building originally constructed between 1930-31 under the French Mandate.
In 2000 the building was extended with two additional wings in a project initiated by the Department of Justice.
History
Under the German administration (1884-1914), three judiciary bodies were created: a landlords' court, a tribes' court and an arbitration court. The Douala landlords were subjected to a patent in order to exercise as customary judges, and gained some income from it. Their competence to fine and jail was restricted to 100 marks and six months. Beyond these figures and up to the death penalty, only the German civil laws had force of law. In parallel, a council of notables collaborated with the German governor on the questions of social organization.
During the Franco-British condominium (1916-1919), and until the granting of the Mandate by the Company of the Nations (1922), the French administration works within the legal framework left by the Germans and preserves the same indigenous jurisdictions.
Under the French Mandate, as of the construction of the law courts, in 1930, these jurisdictions are replaced by courts of 1st and 2nd degree. This reorganization removes the consequent material advantages that the Douala landlords' possessed. This displeases them immensely. They made their dissatisfaction heard, maintaining clandestine courts, and even restore the pre-colonial traditional authorities.
Until 1941, the French administration will preserve the Council of notable, while applying the code of the indigénat, heir to the Code Noir established by Louis XIV at the beginning of the 18th century. This legal situation will end in Cameroon only after the French Liberation and the Conference of Brazzaville in 1944.
Today this building shelters the Court of Appeal of the Littoral.
In 2006 the building is highlighted by an urban sign produced by doual'art and designed by Sandrine Dole; the sign presents an historical image of the building and a description of its history.
Related articles
List of public art in Douala
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Douala
The Closing Ceremony of the 2006 Commonwealth Games was held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia on 26 March 2006.
Performances
Countdown
The ceremony began with a countdown at the screen starting at 17, footage from previous games appeared with Melbourne at the end complete with an image of fireworks with numbers between 17 and 1 being from previous games until 0 from currents games
17 - 1930 Hamilton
16 - 1934 London
15 - 1938 Sydney
14 - 1950 Auckland
13 - 1954 Vancouver
12 - 1958 Cardiff
11 - 1962 Perth
10 - 1966 Kingston
9 - 1970 Edinburgh
8 - 1974 Christchurch
7 - 1978 Edmonton
6 - 1982 Brisbane
5 - 1986 Edinburgh
4 - 1990 Auckland
3 - 1994 Victoria
2 - 1998 Kuala Lumpur
1 - 2002 Manchester
Music of Australia
The ceremony began with a fireworks show. This was followed by Grinspoon's Pat Davern suspended on the Great Southern Stand of the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) playing a guitar (equipped with pyrotechnics which produced sparks) whilst being lowered onto the stadium ground, giving a rock concert feel to the closing ceremony. Grinspoon performed their hits Hard Act To Follow and Better Off Alone. During the performance under 18 TAC Cup Australian rules football players, accompanied by several contemporary key figures of the sport entered through a banner, running out into formation. Ballerinas dressed in club colours followed.
Melbourne musician Paul Kelly performed Leaps and Bounds, while various costumed performers representing Melburnians entered the arena, in addition to a number of significant Melbourne landmark icons such as Flinders Street station, The Skipping Girl Vinegar Sign, St Kilda's Luna Park facade, the Royal Exhibition Building, the Melbourne Cup and the Victorian Arts Centre Spire.
Ben Lee then performed a tribute to Melbourne's multicultural nature, performing We're All in This Together while people (known on-site as "Multis") held photoboards of their ancestors from the many different nationalities of Melburnians and created a "wall" with them. (Note: not all the people were holding their own ancestors. Most were assigned random photos. Those who had submitted photos got to hold their own.) Nearing the end of Ben Lee's song, the "Multis" took out large red and yellow paper flowers, alluding to Lee's upcoming video for the song. During the song, girls dressed in pink costumes, reminiscent of a 1980-1990's videos Kylie Minogue music video danced with large sweetheart lollies. These girls were known on-site as the "sweetheart girls".
The Bodyrockers performed their hit I Like the Way (You Move) while the "multis" and "sweetheart girls" performed separate dances. Towards the end of the song, the multis moved from the front of the stage to the middle, flipping their boards over and revealing a giant moving version of Federation Square, also using the boards to create an audience wave (Mexican wave). They finished up, holding poses, as fireworks were set off around the MCG. Fireworks were alluded to during the ceremony, with small explosions taking place throughout the event.
The volunteers were then welcomed and thanked, with 14,000 being invited to the closing ceremony, while a poem was read out listing a few more of Melbourne's icons, such as the Esplanade Hotel, Graham Kennedy and Shane Warne. The volunteers were honoured as being an integral part of the games success.
Confetti snow rained down on the stage, representing the fickle nature of Melbourne's weather, as Sarah Blasko performed a Neil Finn and Crowded House hit, Don't Dream It's Over. Paul Kelly and the Stormwater Boys played "Rally around the Drum", before flag bearers for each country raised flags, in the same order of continental region that they had done in the opening ceremony, starting with England and finishing with Australia. An illuminated globe suspended in the centre was lowered with Australia, upside down, highlighted in red, and on top of the world. Melbourne City Council's Mayor, Lord Mayor John So was included in the proceedings, to rapturous applause of the crowd, who continued to cheer as his name was read out throughout the ceremony.
The Commonwealth Games Ceremonial Flag was lowered by workers representing the Emergency Services of Victoria to the backing of a Wurundjeri Indigenous traditional song performed by the Gondwana Voices, a national youth choir.
Welcoming Delhi 2010
The ceremony took a distinct change, in acknowledgment of the 2010 Commonwealth Games which will be held in Delhi. A short promotional video was displayed extolling the virtues of India. The stage was filled with the sights and sounds of the Bollywood film culture, with colour and dance predominant features. Several colourful performances were displayed, such as the lively bhangra by Rani Mukherjee and Saif Ali Khan as well as a dance by Aishwarya Rai, who is a Bollywood and Hollywood actress, a supermodel and Miss World 1994.
The 2010 Delhi Games mascot, Shera the Friendly Tiger paraded around the stage waving at the crowd, accompanied by the Miss Universe 2000, Lara Dutta and the Miss World 2000, Priyanka Chopra. Then the theme song was performed on stage. The song was sung by popular Indian singers Sonu Nigam, Shreya Ghoshal, Sunidhi Chauhan and Shiamak Davar. The latter is also a famous dance choreographer in India. The song, called "Delhi Chalein" invites everyone to the next Commonwealth Games in Delhi.
David Dixon Award
The David Dixon Award, for Best and Fairest, was awarded to Indian Commonwealth Games Team shooter, Samaresh Jung. As the Indian shooter had already returned to India, the award trophy was handed over to an Indian Olympic Association official as the representative.
Closing of the games
Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex then officially closed the Games.
Concluding performances
The Boy and White Duck from the opening ceremony returned and the boy, who was holding the duck, went down a trapdoor at the centre of the stage and disappeared from sight, symbolizing the closing of the 2006 Games.
Casey Donovan, the winner of the 2004 Australian Idol, performed Better To Love.
Michael Klim then came on stage to respond on behalf of the athletes. He was interrupted, mid-sentence, by Barry Humphries (as Dame Edna Everage). Michael Klim's interrupted speech was never finished.
Dame Edna Everage read a message, and a poem and then sang a song in tribute to Melbourne, via video, while 1,000 so-called "Commonwealth Dames", wearing various costumes, some from the beginning of the show, performed on the circular stage, waving gladioli and dancing. During this, many fireworks were set off, finally ending in a large human formation in the shape of Dame Edna's trademark glasses.
The athletes danced and partied around the centre stage, many of them taking advantage of the informal procedures to take photos, and celebrate in the festivities. Then a select number of outer circle volunteers speared inwards to form a heart-shaped enclosure, while Melbourne's larger skyscrapers set fireworks alight - mirroring the opening ceremony. The floating fish of the Yarra River were illuminated one final time. The official goodbye was announced, and the ceremony ended.
The President of the Commonwealth Games Committee, Mike Fennell, declared to the crowd, "Melbourne, you are simply the best!"
The stage then cleared, with the volunteers surrounding the centre platform, with John Farnham singing his hit Age of Reason, followed by a set of Farnham songs, finishing with his anthem song, You're the Voice.
A month after the ceremony, all the Melbourne performers received certificates of participation.
Music
Following were the songs that were played or performed at the closing ceremony.
"Fanfare for H.R.H. the Earl of Wessex" – Chong Lim & The Games Symphony Orchestra
"Guitar Fanfare" – Pat Davern
"In Full Flight" – Chong Lim & The Games Symphony Orchestra
"Hard Act to Follow" – Grinspoon
"Better Off Alone" – Grinspoon
"Leaps & Bounds" – Paul Kelly & The Boon Companions
"We're All in This Together" – Ben Lee
"I Like the Way" (radio edit) – BodyRockers
"Prelude to Don't Dream It's Over" – Sarah Blasko
"Don't Dream It's Over" – Sarah Blasko
"Rally Round the Drum" – Paul Kelly & The Stormwater Boys
"Beams" – The Presets
"Menenaringee" – Chong Lim, The Games Symphony Orchestra featuring Corey Kirk, Gondwana Voices & Cantillation
"The Athlete's Fanfare" – Chong Lim & The Games Symphony Orchestra
"Thank You Delhi" – Chong Lim & The Games Symphony Orchestra
"Goodbye Melbourne" – Chong Lim & The Games Symphony Orchestra
"Better to Love" – Casey Donovan
"The March of the Gladioli" – Chong Lim & The Games Symphony Orchestra
"We've Made the Most of Melbourne" – Dame Edna Everage
"Faith & Hope: Fireworks Overture for Melbourne" – Chong Lim & The Games Symphony Orchestra
"Age of Reason" – John Farnham
"I Remember When I Was Young" – John Farnham
"Playing to Win" – John Farnham
"You're the Voice" – John Farnham
See also
2006 Commonwealth Games opening ceremony
2018 Commonwealth Games closing ceremony
References
Closing Ceremony
Ceremonies in Australia
Commonwealth Games closing ceremonies
Richard Walker (January 21, 1933 - January 15, 2013) was an American football coach and player. He has worked at the professional, college and high school levels. He coached on two Super Bowl-winning teams with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League.
Early life
Walker is a native of Cleveland, Ohio. He attended Cleveland's East High School, where he played football. Walker played college football at John Carroll University in nearby University Heights, Ohio. He played four years (three as a starter) at center and linebacker for the Blue Streaks, including playing all 60 minutes of every game in his junior and senior seasons. He was a three-time letterman. He graduated from John Carrol University in 1955.
Coaching career
Walker has spent most of his life coaching football. In the early 1960s he compiled a record of 51–11–3 as head coach at Bishop Watterson High School in Columbus, Ohio. He got his first college coaching job in 1967 mentoring defensive backs at the University of Toledo in Toledo, Ohio. After two seasons at Toledo he spent a year coaching at the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.
The New England Patriots gave Walker his first professional football opportunity as their defensive backs coach in 1977. The following season, Walker took a similar position with the Pittsburgh Steelers. Walker was on the staff of two Pittsburgh teams which won Super Bowls, in and . He left the Steelers after the 1981 season.
Walker later coached with the Canadian Football League's Montreal Concordes the short-lived United States Football League's Chicago Blitz and at various high schools in Georgia and Las Vegas.
Honors
Walker was inducted into John Carroll University's Hall of Fame in 2006.
References
1933 births
2013 deaths
American football centers
John Carroll Blue Streaks football players
Montreal Alouettes coaches
Navy Midshipmen football coaches
Ohio State Buckeyes football coaches
Pittsburgh Steelers coaches
Toledo Rockets football coaches
High school football coaches in Ohio
United States Football League coaches
Pittsburgh Steelers players
High school football coaches in Georgia (U.S. state)
Blyton Group is an Australian media and entertainment company. The company primarily operates in the radio industry under its subsidiary Capital Radio Network and owns hospitality, service and entertainment businesses in New South Wales.
History
The company was started by Kevin Blyton who first acquired a radio station 2XL (now XLFM) in the Snowy Mountains and has since grown the radio network and expanded into hospitality. With the exception of XLFM, Snow FM and 3GG, all radio stations are operated as a 50/50 joint venture with Grant Broadcasters.
The current COO of Blyton Group is Josh Elliot. Former radio host with Capital Radio Network, Andrew Dunkerley, served as Operations Manager until his departure in July 2020.
In 2020, Blyton Group announced a 10-year master-plan for continued development of its Charlotte Pass Snow Resort, beginning with an upgraded chair lift.
In November 2021, Grant Broadcasters sold their wholly owned radio stations to ARN. Their share of Capital Radio Network stations and wholly owned Geelong stations K Rock and Bay 93.9 remained with the Grant Broadcasters' owners, the Cameron family.
Radio Network
Operating under the name Capital Radio Network, the Blyton Group wholly owns three radio stations and has a joint venture with Grant Broadcasters for the remaining stations. The radio network operates in 5 locations across Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Victoria and Western Australia. The Snowy Mountains radio station organised the automated music for the Blyton Group's Magic Mountain amusement park speakers.
Wholly owned stations
Snowy Mountains, New South Wales
XLFM
Snow FM
Gippsland, Victoria
3GG
Joint venture with Grant Broadcasters
Australian Capital Territory
2CC
2CA
MyDAB Canberra
Snow FM (relayed from Snowy Mountains on DAB+)
KIX Country
New South Wales
Southern Tablelands
2GN
Eagle FM
KIX Country
Snowy Mountains
KIX Country
Perth, Western Australia
6iX
X Digital
KIX Country
MyDAB Perth
Former stations
In the 1990s, Kevin Blyton held a 40% stake in Newcastle's NXFM.
Outside of buying and selling stations in the same stations/territories as current stations, he has also held stations in Tasmania and owned Q92fm in Queenstown, New Zealand which he purchased in 1992.
Hospitality and services
Blyton Group operates two snow resorts in the New South Wales Snowy Mountains region. The two resorts are Charlotte Pass Snow Resort and Selwyn Snow Resort.
The company also has multiple hotels as a part of their operations in the region:
Kosciuszko Chalet Hotel, Charlotte Pass
Lucy Lodge, Charlotte Pass
Stillwell Hotel, Charlotte Pass
Selwyn Accommodation Centre, Selwyn Snow Fields
In the 2019-2020 Australian summer bushfires, the Selwyn Snow Resort burned down, the Blyton Group has committed to rebuilding.
In addition to the resorts and hotels, the Blyton Group owns the Snowy Mountains Airport Corporation, which operates Cooma-Snowy Mountains Airport and as a part of their Charlotte Pass resort, operate an over-snow bus service linking the village to Perisher Valley.
Entertainment
Group also operates the movie theatres in the Snowy Mountains townships of Jindabyne and Cooma. In Merimbula, the Blyton Group have the Magic Mountain amusement park.
References
Australian radio networks
Tony Maiden (died 17 February 2004 in Torrevieja, Alicante, Spain) was an English actor, who is best known for playing “Albert Clifton” in all episodes in the first series of the British television series The Adventures of Black Beauty, premiered on 17 February 1973.
He is also known for playing “Willy” in Outer Touch (1979). He played also the Assistant Boots “E.J. Guy” in S.O.S. Titanic (1979). He also appeared in Keep it in the Family as “Val” (6 episodes, 1971).
On 17 February 2004 he died in Spain.
References
External links
2004 deaths
English male film actors
English male television actors
Daniel Pinta Quigley is a four time world professional kickboxer from Derry, Northern Ireland. He was coached by the former three time world kickboxing champion Paddy Toland at PT's Kickboxing Gym in Carrigans, he now trains and coaches out of his own gym called Strike Martial arts Academy in Derry City.
Quigley's titles include:
ISKA European full contact cruiser weight title v Paul Hunt (England)
ISKA World Full Contact cruiserweight title V Wayne Turner (England)
ISKA World full contact Heavy weight title V Pacome Assi (France)
ISKA World Full contact Super Heavy weight title V Jose Dela Lara (Spain)
ISKA world k1 rules heavyweight title V Lucian Danilencu (Italy)
"Pinta", as he is widely known, has appeared on RTÉ local television, appearing on the RTÉ Nationwide programme in 2009, following his World Cruiser-weight title win over England's Wayne Turner. Pinta is a qualified personal trainer. He has won the Derry City Sports personality of the year award on two occasions.
Quigley won the ISKA Professional World Super Heavyweight Kickboxing title in Derry City, Northern Ireland in March 2013.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Male kickboxers from Northern Ireland
Sportspeople from Derry (city)
Cladophora socialis is a species of green algae.
Distribution
Cladophora socialis is found in many locations over the world including the Atlantic Ocean and Pacific Ocean.
References
External links
Cladophoraceae
Taxa named by Friedrich Traugott Kützing
"I'm in Love" is a song by American recording artist Ginuwine. It was co-written and produced by Troy Oliver for his fifth studio album Back II Da Basics (2005). Released as the second and final single from the album, it reached number 69 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
Credits and personnel
Credits lifted from the liner notes of Back II Da Basics.
Jimmy Douglass – mixing engineer
Ginuwine – vocals, writer
Troy Oliver – producer, writer
Jonathan Shorten – keyboards
Charts
References
2006 singles
Ginuwine songs
Songs written by Troy Oliver
Songs written by Ginuwine
Song recordings produced by Troy Oliver
Pianoteq is a software synthesizer that features real-time MIDI-control of digital physically modeled pianos and related instruments, including electric piano, harp, harpsichord, fortepiano, and various metallophones. It is usable as a stand-alone program for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X and Linux (including ARM architecture) platforms, or as a plug in for VSTi hosts and two VSTi counterpart for use with digital audio workstations.
History and technology
The original version of the program was released in August 2006. The software's physically modeled synthesis create sound from scratch using several megabytes of mathematical algorithms (Fourier construction) to generate electric piano and acoustic piano sounds that can be manipulated analogously to those produced by their material counterparts. Pianoteq's modeled sounds are supplemented with sampled pedal noise, key release, and hammer noise.
Patches for additional instruments are also available. Several of the historical instruments were created as part of the KIViR (Keyboard Instruments Virtual Restoration) project, which aims to create playable digital models of historical keyboard instruments in museums like the Händel-Haus in Halle.
Instruments
Pianoteq models several moderns as well as historical pianos, including the Steinway model B and model D, the Antonin Petrof 275 and 284, Bechstein DG, Steingraeber E-272, Grotrian Concert Royal, and Blüthner Model 1. Other instruments include models for the Hohner Pianet models N and T and Clavinet D6, as well as models for harpsichord, concert harp and Celtic harp, various tine and reed electric pianos, vibraphones, celeste, xylophone and marimba, and various steelpans.
See also
Physical modelling synthesis
Digital piano
Piano acoustics
References
External links
Pianoteq official website
Modartt Official forum
Interview with the creator of Pianoteq explaining the difference between modelled pianos vs. acoustic pianos and the generations in-between (in French, with English subtitles)
Keyboard software synthesizers
Jay Carrington Scott (1953–2009) was a saxophone player whose solos were featured on many gold and platinum records of the late 1970s and early 1980s. He was born on March 13, 1952 in Durham, North Carolina, and in 1958, the family moved to East Point, Georgia, where his father worked a government job and moonlighted as an upright bass player. Scott's father honed in on Scott's innate musical talent and ended up buying him a Music Minus One program for the saxophone. At nine years of age, Scott started playing saxophone.
Early life
Scott's family relocated to St. Thomas, Virgin Islands for work and he continued to seep in the music and culture of the Caribbean. His Anglican private school – All Saints – did not offer a full band for students. When Carnival time came and many of the other schools' bands were featured in the annual parade, he ended up joining three other bands.
In 1968, the father again moved the family to Dothan, AL. When young Jay tried to join the Dothan High School band, he was told “no” by the Band Director given his long hair. Jay found other avenues for musical expression. He connected with some of the young black musicians and they played various clubs in the Bottom, the predominantly black area of Dothan. They particularly found a home at Buier's Lounge. It was here where he found his sound which incorporated elements of funk, soul, rhythm and blues, and jazz. He was also known for intricate scale work which facilitated his solo playing.
Career
After graduating from high school, Scott played saxophone with Mitch Goodson of MG and the K-PERS and they played Panama City beach on a regular basis. It was there that he was spotted by Sonny Turner. Sonny had recently left The Platters and was starting a solo career as Sonny Turner and Sound Unlimited; he hired Scott on the spot to go on tour and Scott traveled around the states. The band played Las Vegas a great deal and it was there that Scott was also hired to be in the house band for famous comedians playing the Strip like Rodney Dangerfield and Rich Little.
In the mid-70s, Scott returned to Dothan. His sister Laura introduced him to musicians in the area. Scott was hired by the band Satyr.
In 1977, Scott decided to move to Atlanta to find session work. His saxophone work was used by the southern rockers, Lynard Skynard on “What's Your Name – Little Girl?” (1977), produced by the legendary Tom Dowd.
Scott was then discovered by a young producer, Steve Buckingham, who enlisted him to play on a new disco record coming out on Polydor, featuring the 1978 single, Alicia Bridges' “I Love the Nightlife.” Scott's solo on that song caught the attention of many musical admirers. His sister Linda, who was living in New York City at the time, remembers when Scott performed at the famous East Village club, The Bottom Line, backing Alicia Bridges. She explained that Scott had also struggled with Bells Palsy throughout his life and had learned how to play through muscle weakness on one side of his face. Despite this, Scott was able to learn to play two saxophones simultaneously through intentionally isolating his muscles. Scott featured this technique during The Bottom Line show, and according to Linda, the New York City audience leapt to their feet, cheering.
When the Grammys were held in 1978, “I Love the Nightlife” was nominated for best song and Alicia Bridges performed the song at the ceremony. After Scott's success with Alicia Bridges, he soon garnered the attention of other music producers and recorded the featured sax solo on various gold and platinum records at this time: Melissa Manchester's “Whenever I Call You Friend” (1979); Dione Warwick's “Easy Love” (1980); Paul Davis' “He Sang Our Love Songs” (1980); and Kansas.
Scott also recorded with other Dothan artists like John Rainey Adkins, David Adkins (Sister Laura's husband), and Rodney Justo who had gained commercial success in the late 70s with their band Beaverteeth. Scott was featured on their two RCA Victor albums: 1) the title track, “I'm Callin,” on Beaverteeth (1977) and “Stop that River in Your Eye” on Dam It (1978).
In the 1980s, Scott decided to move to Panama City Beach, permanently and continued to play for more than two decades on the Emerald Coast. Using backing tracks, he played solo gigs and led other band configurations, as well as played a great deal with the guitar player, Lowell Howell. He also began teaching in earnest and volunteered to teach children for free at the Martin Luther King Center. He ended up marrying a local guitar-player/singer, Pat in 1993, while he continued his musical endeavors.
Besides his saxophone playing, Scott was a soul singer and also a multi-instrumentalist – playing flute, congas, and piano. Yet, he also was plagued by various health problems, having been through a serious motorcycle accident which required a hip replacement. When Scott went in front of a judge to request Medicaid benefits for this hip replacement, the judge declared that being a musician was not a true profession and denied him benefits.
Death
On September 3, 2009, Scott died suddenly of a heart attack at the age of 57.
American male saxophonists
1953 births
2009 deaths
20th-century saxophonists
Alexander William Stanaway (14 July 1886 – 27 June 1972), also known as Ariki Haira, was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented New Zealand. His brother, Jack Stanaway, was also a professional rugby league footballer and international referee.
Playing career
Stanaway toured Australia in 1908 with the first New Zealand Māori rugby league team. He again toured Australia in 1909 with a New Zealand Māori side.
Also in 1909, Stanaway played for the new City Rovers club in the Auckland Rugby League competition and represented Auckland.
In 1910, the Great Britain Lions toured New Zealand. Stanaway played for Auckland against the Lions.
In 1911, Stanaway was selected to represent New Zealand in their tour of Australia. No test matches were played on the tour.
In 1912 Stanaway played for the Auckland side that lost to New Zealand 16-38.
Later years
In 1916, Stanaway was called up to serve in the New Zealand Expeditionary Force.
He died on 27 June 1972.
References
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand national rugby league team players
Auckland rugby league team players
1886 births
New Zealand Māori rugby league team players
Rugby league props
City Rovers players
1972 deaths
New Zealand Army personnel
New Zealand military personnel of World War I
The 2006–07 LEN Euroleague was the 44th edition of LEN's premier competition for men's water polo clubs. It ran from 5 October 2006 to 23 June 2007, and it is contested by 40 teams. The Final Four (semifinals, final, and third place game) took place on June 22 and June 23 in Milan.
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
The first legs were played on 5 May, and the second legs were played on 23 May 2007.
|}
Final Four
Piscina Scarioni, Milan, Italy.
Final standings
See also
2006–07 LEN Cup
External links
LEN Champions League seasons
Champions League
2006 in water polo
2007 in water polo
Evald Flisar (born 13 February 1945) is a Slovene writer, poet, playwright, editor and translator. He was president of the Slovene Writers' Association for three consecutive terms between 1995 and 2002 and is editor-in-chief of the literary and cultural magazine Sodobnost.
Biography
Flisar was born in 1945 in Gerlinci in the Prekmurje region of eastern Slovenia. He attended secondary school in Murska Sobota and studied comparative literature at the University of Ljubljana, English and English literature at Chiswick Polytechnic in London and for a while in Australia. Many of his books are travelogues and he is also an acclaimed playwright. He received the Prešeren Foundation Award in 1993 for his travelogue Popotnik v kraljestvu senc and his plays Kaj pa Leonardo? and Jutri bo lepše.
Published works
Poetry
Symphonia poetica (1966)
Prose
Mrgolenje prahu (1968, novel)
Umiranje v ogledalu (1969, novel)
Tisoč in ena pot (1979, travelogue)
Južno od severa (1981, travelogue)
Lov na lovca (1984, short stories)
Čarovnikov vajenec (1986, novel)
Noro življenje (1989, travelogue)
Popotnik v kraljestvu senc (1992, travelogue)
Potovanje predaleč (1998, novel)
Zgodbe s poti (2000, short stories)
Velika žival samote (2001, novel)
Ljubezni tri in ena smrt (2002, novel)
Čaj s kraljico (2004, novel)
Mogoče nikoli (2007, novel)
Opazovalec (2009, novel)
Na zlati obali (2010, novel)
To nisem jaz: legoromaIstros Booksn (2011, novel)
Dekle, ki bi raje bilo drugje (2012, novel)
Začarani Odisej (2013, novel)
Prose Translated into English
My Father's Dreams, Istros Books, London 2015.
Plays
Sodniška zgradba (1969, radio play)
Vojaki ob koncu vojne (1970, radio play)
Kostanjeva krona (1970)
Ukradena hiša (1972, radio play)
Nimfa umre (1989)
Jutri bo lepše (1992)
Kaj pa Leonardo? (1992)
Naglavisvet (1993, radio play)
Tristan in Izolda: igra o ljubezni in smrti (1994)
Stric iz Amerike (1994)
Iztrohnjeno srce (1995)
Temna stran svetlobe (1995, radio play)
Angleško poletje (1997, radio play)
Sončne pege (1998)
Padamo, padamo (1998)
Poslednja nedolžnost (1999)
Enajsti planet (2000)
Nora Nora (2004)
Akvarij (2007)
Alica v nori deželi (2010)
Antigona zdaj (2012)
Children's literature
Pikpokec postane svetovni prvak (2007)
Alica v nori deželi (2008)
References
1945 births
Living people
People from the Municipality of Cankova
Slovenian writers
Slovenian editors
Slovenian dramatists and playwrights
Slovenian novelists
Slovenian male short story writers
Slovenian short story writers
Presidents of the Slovene Writers' Association
Slovenian children's writers
University of Ljubljana alumni
20th-century Slovenian writers
21st-century Slovenian writers
20th-century male writers
All Saints' Church is a small Gothic Revival Anglican church located in Kilmalooda near Timoleague, County Cork, Ireland. It was completed in 1858. It is part of Kilgarrife Union of Parishes in the Diocese of Cork, Cloyne, and Ross. Kingsley Sutton is the current rector.
History
The church was commissioned by William Bence-Jones as a memorial to his daughters Alice and Laura, both of whom died in December 1851. Construction began in 1857 to designs by James Piers St Aubyn, and the church was completed the following year.
Architecture
The church is built in the Middle Pointed English Gothic architectural style. A bell tower was added to the church . The nave of the church features a stained glass lancet window designed by John Milner Allen, depicting the Ascension of Christ.
References
Notes
Sources
Architecture of Ireland
Churches in the Diocese of Cork, Cloyne and Ross
19th-century Church of Ireland church buildings
Gothic Revival church buildings in the Republic of Ireland
Móveis Coloniais de Acaju (usually referred to as simply Móveis; ) are a Brazilian-based band comprising ten members, including singer André Gonzáles, keyboardist Eduardo Borém, and bassist Fabio Pedroza. The band's name literally translated means "colonial mahogany wood-made furniture".
The Acaju Rebellion
According to Fabrício Ofuji, the name of the band is an homage to a fictitious rebellion that supposedly happened when English troops invaded Bananal Island, in the Northern Region of Brazil.
English troops invaded and settled down on the island, where they started making furniture out of Cedrela odorata, commonly known as “Acaju”. When the Portuguese discovered the invasion, they gathered slaves, indigenous people and other Portuguese to kick out the invaders.
The Portuguese forces are successful, and decide to burn the colonial furniture that belonged to the invaders as a celebration of their victory.
Discography
Albums
2005 - Idem (sold by Amazon as "Moveis Coloniais de Acaju")
2009 - C_mpl_te
2013 - De Lá Até Aqui
Singles
2006 - Seria o Rolex?
2007 - Sem Palavras (free digital release)
2009 - O Tempo (free digital release)
2009 - Falso Retrato (U-HU) (free digital release)
2009 - Projeto Tamar: 30 anos (free digital release)
EPs
2001 - Móveis Coloniais de Acaju (EP)
2007 - Vai Thomaz no Acaju (with Gabriel Thomaz from Autoramas)
See also
Jota Quest
Pato Fu
Skank
Los Hermanos
Brazilian rock
References
External links
Official site
Musical groups established in 1998
Brazilian indie rock groups
Musicians from Brasília
1998 establishments in Brazil
SD Cinematografica was formed in 1981 as a production company, based in Roma.
The founders are Giuseppe Dall'Angelo and Elsa Dossi.
Since 2000, the company is controlled by Roberto Dall'Angelo, acting as CEO and President of the company.
Area of business
Since its founding, the company has produced Films, Variety shows, and Science and Cultural documentaries for the Italian public broadcaster RAI and other leading international television channels.
In recent years the company has focused on wildlife, Science and History documentaries with such success that it now counts National Geographic Channel, Discovery Channel, TF1, ARTE, NHK, RTSI, ARD, PBS, ZDF as well as RAI and Mediaset, among its clients.
In 2006, an independent division was created in order to distribute Italian documentary content all around the world.
SD Cinematografica also offers a range of services in the areas of shooting, audio and video post-production and duplication.
Awards and Prizes
Many SD documentaries have won major international prizes at the world's leading festivals, including Academy Award, Emmy award and Banff World Television Festival nominations.
Recent productions
The ghosts of the Third Reich (47 min.)
On the trails of the glaciers (52 min.)
Free Mussolini (120 min.)
The battle of Monte Cassino: the shocking truth (52 min.)
Trieste: a ring on the Adriatic (52 min.)
Blue jeans and short skirts (52 min.)
Ortona 1943: a bloody Christmas (52 min.)
Banff World Television Festival nominee (Canada 2008)
Animals A to Z (38 x 8 min.)
1° Prize at the Cinema, Nature and Environment Film Festival (Italy 2006)
The sinking of the Andrea Doria (75 min.)
PBS submission at Emmy Awards (USA 2007)
Flying over Everest (60 min. e 2 x 45 min.)
1° prize at the Chamois international film festival (Italy 2004)
Prix de l'exploit at the St. Hilarie - Coupe Icaro Film festival (France 2004)
1° prize at the Festival internazionale del cinema naturalistico e ambientale - Teramo (Italy 2004)
Prize by the Politecnico di Bari during the Catellana Grotte International film festival (Italy 2005)
“Sport Estreme” prize at the Moscow Filmfestival (Russia 2005)
“Best adventure Film” prize at the Wildsouth Film Award (New Zealand 2005)
“Silver Screen” prize at the US International Film and Video Festival (USA 2005)
“Best adventure Film” prize at the Mountainfilm in Telluride (USA 2005)
Special prize at the Cervino International Film Festival (Italy 2005)
1° prize in the category “man and mountain” at the Film Festival Teplice nad Metujì (Czech Republic 2005)
Special prize at the Jonio International Film Festival (Italy 2005)
Special prize at the Festival International du film d'aventure de Dijon (France 2005)
1° Prize at the Montreal International Adventure Film Festival (Canada 2005)
Special prize at the Sport Movies & TV 2005 (Italy 2005)
“Most Inspiring Adventure Film” prize at the Wild Scenic Environmental Film Festival (USA 2006)
1° Prize “Leggimontagna” (Italy 2006)
Special prize at the Festival Internazionale del documentario ornitologico (Italy 2006)
Special prize at the Festival Internazionale Cine de Cantabria – Santander (Spain 2006)''
The mystery of the wolf(52 min.)
Special prize at the International Festival Bergfilm in Tegersee (Germany 2004)
Special prize at the International Festival of Lessinia (Italy 2004)
"Best italian documentary" prize at the “Stambecco d'oro” Festival in Cogne (Italy 2005)
Hunting for 'Ngotto (52 min.)
Press (in Italian language)
Italia Oggi 23.7.2003
La Repubblica 20.12.2003
La Repubblica 19.2.2005
Il Piccolo 12.4.2007
Il Piccolo 22.1.2008
Il Piccolo 27.3.2009
Il Centro 17.12.2009
Il Piccolo 27.12.2009
Il Piccolo 6.3.2010
Corriere del Mezzogiorno 1.12.2010
La Repubblica 1.12.2010
External links
Company website: SD Cinematografica
Company profile of SD Cinematografica on Cinemaitaliano
Mass media companies of Italy
Hybridoneura truncata is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1958
Eupitheciini
Acrolepia mixotypa is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Argentina.
References
Moths described in 1931
Acrolepiidae
Arnljótur Davíðsson (born 3 September 1968) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a forward. He won three caps for the Iceland national football team in 1988.
References
External links
Profile at Football Association of Iceland
1968 births
Living people
Arnljotur Davidsson
Association football forwards
Arnljotur Davidsson
Arnljotur Davidsson
Arnljotur Davidsson
Arnljotur Davidsson
ÍR men's football players
25th National Board of Review Awards
Late December, 1953
The 25th National Board of Review Awards were announced in late December, 1953.
Top Ten Films
Julius Caesar
Shane
From Here to Eternity
Martin Luther
Lili
Roman Holiday
Stalag 17
The Little Fugitive
Mogambo
The Robe
Top Foreign Films
A Queen is Crowned
Moulin Rouge
The Little World of Don Camillo
Strange Deception
The Conquest of Everest
Winners
Best Film: Julius Caesar
Best Foreign Film: A Queen is Crowned
Best Actor: James Mason (Face to Face, The Desert Rats, The Man Between, Julius Caesar)
Best Actress: Jean Simmons (Young Bess, The Robe, The Actress)
Best Director: George Stevens (Shane)
External links
National Board of Review of Motion Pictures :: Awards for 1953
1953
1953 film awards
1953 in American cinema
The Paris Square (; ) also known as Hamra Square or the Churches District is a public square in Haifa, Israel, located in Downtown Haifa. It was built during the Ottoman period.
History
The Hamra Square was a public space created in Haifa during the Ottoman period. It was surrounded by a market, Carmelite (St. Elias Carmelite Church) and Maronite (St. Louis the King Cathedral, Haifa) churches, hotels, etc.
In 1935; the Carmelite order commissioned italian architect Giovanni Borra to design the area bordering on Paris Square (Khamra) from the norh and adjacent to the Carmelite Monastery, which called later the "Carmelite Compound". The buildings were designed in the International Style with Tubzeh (split face) and Musamsam (light chiseled) stone cladding. The result: two spectacular three-story and five-story blocks on the corners that defiine Eliyahu Hanavi St., surrounded on both sides by a portico and comerece.
In 1954, when the Israeli government commissioned the Carmelit funicular subway system from a French company, it decided to rename the area to Paris Square as a friendly gesture to the French. The station next to the square was named Paris Square as well.
In 2018 the Paris Square Carmelit station was renamed Downtown Station. It is the lower terminus of the Carmelit.
In 2011, the square was renovated, and its reopening ceremony was attended by the mayor of Paris at the time, Bertrand Delanoë.
Gallery
See also
German Colony, Haifa
Wadi Nisnas
Wadi Salib
References
External links
Squares in Israel
Geography of Haifa
Tourist attractions in Haifa
Arab Israeli culture in Haifa
A Question of Proof is a 1935 detective novel by Cecil Day-Lewis, written under the pen name of Nicholas Blake. It is the first in a series of novels featuring the private detective Nigel Strangeways. Day-Lewis chose to write under an assumed name as he feared writing in the popular detective genre would harm his growing reputation as a serious-minded poet. Consequently, the publishers Collins advertised the book as being written by a "well-known writer" using a pen name. It was a commercial success selling around 200,000 copies in Britain and launching Day-Lewis, who quickly did become widely identified as the author, as one of the leading writers of the Golden Age of Detective Fiction.
Synopsis
At Sudeley Hall preparatory school on sports day the body of Algernon Wyvern-Wemys, nephew of the headmaster and widely loathed throughout the school, is found dead in a haystack. When the police's suspicions fall on teacher Michael Evans who has been having an affair with the headmaster's wife, he asks his old friend from Oxford Nigel Strangeways to investigate the real culprit. He has his suspicions, but requires the necessary proof until a second murder is committed during a cricket match.
References
Bibliography
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
Stanford, Peter. C Day-Lewis: A Life. A&C Black, 2007.
1935 British novels
Novels by Cecil Day-Lewis
British crime novels
British mystery novels
Collins Crime Club books
Novels set in England
British detective novels
1935 debut novels
Fred Fenster (born 1934) is a metalsmith and professor emeritus of the University of Wisconsin at Madison where he taught art and education.
He is particularly known for his work in pewter, influencing generations of metalsmiths.
Fenster was named a Fellow of the American Craft Council in 1995.
Career
Fenster received his B.S. in industrial arts from City College of New York in 1956. After teaching industrial arts in the Bronx he went to Cranbrook Academy of Art where he worked with Richard Thomas. His fellow students included Stanley Lechtzin, Michael Jerry, and Brent Kington. He received his M.F.A. in metalsmithing from Cranbrook in 1960. He spent the summer of 1960 working at the Rochester Institute of Technology with Hans Christensen. He then worked for Roger Berlin in a company doing silversmithing and industrial fabrication,
In 1961 Fenster became a professor at the University of Wisconsin at Madison.
After more than 40 years at Madison, he became a professor emeritus in 2005. Fenster lives in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin.
Fenster is a colleague and friend of Eleanor Moty. Their works were featured together in the exhibition and accompanying catalogue Metalsmiths and Mentors: Fred Fenster and Eleanor Moty (2006) at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
He is a founding member of the Society of North American Goldsmiths (SNAG).
Work
As a metalsmith, Fenster is influenced by the simplicity of Scandinavian design.
Fenster makes objects that are both beautiful and usable, including jewelry, holloware, and flatware, using gold, silver, copper, and pewter. He is often commissioned to make Judaica and liturgical objects such as Kiddush cups. Fenster uses scoring and bending techniques to create elegant three-dimensional forms with clean, graceful lines.
Awards
1984, American Pewter Guild award
1995, Fellow of the American Craft Council
1999, Underkofler Excellence in Teaching Award
2002, Hans Christensen Sterling Silversmiths Award, Society of American Silversmiths
2004, Renwick Alliance Award for Excellence in Teaching
2005, Gold Medal, American Craft Council
2011, Master Metalsmith, Metal Museum, Memphis, Tennessee
2015, Lifetime Achievement Award, Society of North American Goldsmiths
Museums
Fenster's works are in collections including the
Detroit Institute of Arts,
Minnesota Museum of Art,
National Ornamental Metal Museum,
National Museum of American Art,
Renwick Gallery,
Smithsonian Institution,
Yale University Art Gallery, and the
National Museum of Contemporary Art, Seoul, South Korea.
References
1934 births
Living people
20th-century American artists
American metalsmiths
Fellows of the American Craft Council
Nikolai Liakhoff, MBE (1897–1962) was a Russian guide dog trainer. Born in Odessa, now in Ukraine, Liakhoff won a bravery award while serving as a Cossack guard in World War I. He evacuated to Constantinople (now Istanbul) in late 1920, where he met his wife, the Russian princess Irena Ourousoff, whom he married in 1925. He did several odd jobs in Europe before working with the organisation L'Oeil qui Voit, led by the American guide dog trainer Dorothy Eustis. Her guide dog school collapsed due to the Great Depression, so Liakhoff was given the choice of working in the US or the UK; he reportedly chose the UK because it had a monarchy.
In 1933, Liakhoff went to the UK to be the trainer for The Guide Dogs for the Blind Association, which was founded in 1934. Involved from the earliest stages of the charity's life, Liakhoff and his program was instrumental in the successful development of guide dog training in the UK. Liakhoff was awarded an MBE in 1953.
References
Dog trainers
Russian military personnel of World War I
Ukrainian Cossacks
White Russian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Members of the Order of the British Empire
1897 births
1962 deaths
Dennstaedtia davallioides, commonly known as the lacy ground fern, is a species of fern native to eastern Australia, from the Bunya Mountains in central Queensland south through eastern New South Wales, and into Victoria southwest to the Otway Ranges.
It requires some shelter when cultivated, as can easily be damaged by wind and sun. A moisture retentive soil is beneficial. Plants can be attacked by green caterpillars in cultivation.
References
davallioides
Ferns of Australia
Flora of Queensland
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Flora of New South Wales
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Plants described in 1861
The Athens State Orchestra (Greek: Κρατική Ορχήστρα Αθηνών) is a Greek symphony orchestra based in Athens, which is consistently ranked in the top handful of orchestras of the country.
Principal conductors
Filoktitis Εkonomidis (1942–1957)
Theodoros Vavagiannis (1957–1969)
Andreas Paridis (1969–1975)
Manos Hadjidakis (1976–1982)
Yannis Ioannidis (1983–1989)
Alexandros Symeonidis (1989–1995)
Aris Garoufalis (1995–2004)
Byron Fidetzis (2004–2011)
Vassilis Christopoulos (2011–2014)
Stefanos Tsialis (2014–2020)
Lukas Karytinos (2020– )
References
External links
Official website
Greek symphony orchestras
HA-966 or (±) 3-Amino-1-hydroxy-pyrrolidin-2-one is a molecule used in scientific research as a glycine receptor and NMDA receptor antagonist / low efficacy partial agonist. It has neuroprotective and anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, antinociceptive and sedative / hypnotic effects in animal models. Pilot human clinical trials in the early 1960s showed that HA-966 appeared to benefit patients with tremors of extrapyramidal origin.
The two enantiomers of HA-966 have differing pharmacological activity. The glycine/N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist activity is specific to the R-(+) enantiomer, whereas the sedative and ataxic effects are specific to the S-(-) enantiomer.
R-(+)-HA-966 did not induce drug-appropriate responding in animals trained to discriminate phencyclidine (PCP) from saline, suggesting that the glycine receptor ligand R-(+)-HA-966 has a significantly different behavioral profile than drugs affecting the ion channel of the NMDA receptor complex.
S-(−)-HA-966 has been described as a "γ-hydroxybutyric acid (GHB)-like agent" and a "potent y-butyrolactone-like sedative", but it shows no affinity for the GABAB receptor (GABABR).
See also
Rapastinel
NRX-1074
References
Amines
NMDA receptor antagonists
Pyrrolidones
Toni Bürgler (born 17 August 1957 in Rickenbach, Schwyz) is a Swiss former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1957 births
Living people
Swiss male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from the canton of Schwyz
Herbert James "Ringer" Edwards (26 July 1913 – June 2000) was an Australian soldier during World War II. As a prisoner of war (POW), he survived being crucified for 63 hours by Japanese soldiers on the Burma Railway. Edwards was the basis for the character "Joe Harman" in Nevil Shute's novel A Town Like Alice (1950; also known as The Legacy). The book was the basis for a film (1956; also known as The Rape of Malaya) and a television miniseries (1981).
Early life
Edwards was born in Fremantle, Western Australia. He spent much of his adult life working on stations (ranches) in outback Australia. The nickname "Ringer" means a stockman who works on cattle stations, alluding to the stockmen's practice of ringing mobs of cattle at night, keeping them in a tight mob, which can be easily controlled. In the morning, as the cattle are moved off, a ring of manure remains. The term is shortened from "shit ringer". A gun shearer (the shearer who shears the most in a particular woolshed during an annual shearing) is also called a ringer; however, there is no evidence to suggest Ringer Edwards was ever a shearer.
Ringer Edwards enlisted at Cairns, Queensland on 21 January 1941 and was posted to the 2/26th Infantry Battalion. The battalion became part of the 27th Brigade, which was assigned to the 8th Division. As the possibility of war with the Empire of Japan increased, the main body of the division was sent to garrison the British colony of Singapore, later in 1941. The 2/26th fought the Japanese in the Malayan campaign and the Battle of Singapore. Edwards, along with the rest of the 8th Division, became a POW when the Allied forces at Singapore surrendered on 15 February 1942.
Experiences as a POW
Along with many other Allied prisoners, Edwards was sent to work as forced labour on the railway being built by the Japanese army from Thailand to Burma. In 1943, he and two other prisoners killed cattle to provide food for themselves and comrades. They were caught by the Japanese and sentenced to death. Crucifixion was a form of punishment, torture and/or execution that the Japanese military sometimes used against prisoners during the war. Edwards and the others were initially bound at the wrists with fencing wire, suspended from a tree and beaten with a baseball bat. When Edwards managed to free his right hand, the wire was driven through the palms of his hands. His comrades managed to smuggle food to him and he survived his ordeal. The other two men crucified at the same time did not survive.
Post war
After the Surrender of Japan, Edwards was released and was discharged from the army on 4 December 1945.
British novelist Nevil Shute met Ringer Edwards in 1948 at a station in Queensland. Some of Edwards' experiences, including the crucifixion, became the basis for the character "Joe Harman" in A Town Like Alice. Unlike Edwards' experiences, the entire story takes place in Malaya. The other main character, "Jean Paget", was based on the separate experiences of a Dutchwoman whom Edwards never met. The novel was the basis for subsequent adaptations, including a 1956 film and a 1981 television miniseries. In the former, the Harman character was played by Peter Finch, and in the latter by Bryan Brown.
Edwards later returned to Western Australia and settled at Gingin, where he died in 2000.
Footnotes
1913 births
2000 deaths
Australian Army personnel of World War II
World War II prisoners of war held by Japan
Japanese war crimes
Australian prisoners of war
People from Fremantle
People from Cairns
Burma Railway prisoners
Australian Army soldiers
Pseudiragoides itsova is a species of moth of the family Limacodidae. It is found in China (Guangxi, Fujian, Hunan and Zhejiang) at altitudes between 1,200 and 2,300 meters.
The length of the forewings is 13–15 mm for males. They have a wingspan of 28–33 mm.
References
External links
The Barcode of Life Data Systems (BOLD)
Limacodidae
Moths described in 2011
Moths of Asia
The Shung Ye Museum of Formosan Aborigines () is a museum located just 200 meters diagonally across from the National Palace Museum in Shilin District, Taipei, Taiwan. It houses exhibits relating to the cultures and histories of the Taiwanese aborigines. The aboriginal tribes live mainly in the mountainous east and south of Taiwan and have historically spoken a variety of Austronesian languages, so it was thought important to have a central location in the capital where their cultures could be on display. Both permanent and rotating exhibits are a part of the museum.
Architecture
The museum is notable for its architectural design, featuring a 13.2 x 1.1 meters (43 x 3.6 feet) white granite totem pole at the entrance. The museum consists of man and nature exhibition area, lifestyle and implements, tools and weapon exhibition area, clothing, ornaments and culture exhibition area and floor beliefs and ceremonies exhibition area which are housed in a 4-story building.
See also
List of museums in Taiwan
Footnotes
References
Guidebook (2011): Shung Ye Museum of Formosan Aborigines Guidebook. .
Blundell (2009): Austronesian Taiwan: Linguistics•History•Ethnology•Prehistory. Revised Edition. Edited by David Blundell. SMC publishing, Taiwan. (paper).
External links
Museum website
Description of the museum
Another description of the museum
1994 establishments in Taiwan
Ethnic museums in Taiwan
Museums established in 1994
Museums in Taipei
Taiwanese aboriginal culture and history
de Bray may refer to:
People
Salomon de Bray, Dutch artist
Jan de Bray, his son
Places
Pays de Bray, area in northern France
See also
Bray (disambiguation)
Bray (surname)
For Aeons Past is the debut studio album by Swedish metal band Solution .45. It was released in Europe on 24 March 2010, and in North America on 11 May 2010. On 15 February 2010 Solution .45 released the track "Gravitational Lensing" for free download.
The album features lyrics and guest vocals from Dark Tranquillity singer Mikael Stanne.
Track listing
All music written by Jani Stefanovic & Christian Älvestam; except where noted
All lyrics written by Mikael Stanne; except where noted
Personnel
Band members
Christian Älvestam - vocals
Jani Stefanovic - lead and rhythm guitars
Tom Gardiner - lead and rhythm guitars
Rolf Pilve - drums
Anders Edlund - bass
Guests
Mikko Härkin - keyboards
Mikael Stanne - backing vocals, lyrics
Patrik Gardberg - guitars
References
2010 debut albums
AFM Records albums
Albums with cover art by Pär Olofsson
Solution .45 albums
Coco is a women's perfume by Chanel, introduced in 1984. It was created by perfumer Jacques Polge. In 1991, French actress, model and singer Vanessa Paradis starred in a commercial for the fragrance covered in black feathers, portraying a bird swinging in a cage. The advert, entitled "L'esprit de Chanel" ("The spirit of Chanel"), was shot by Jean-Paul Goude.
References
Perfumes
Chanel perfumes
Products introduced in 1984
Crossover is the debut solo studio album by Yoshinori Sunahara. It was released on Ki/oon Records on September 1, 1995. Most of the album was created using samplers.
Critical reception
Charlie Porter of The Times gave the album a 7 out of 10, commenting that Sunahara's cover of Rah Band's "Clouds Across the Moon" is the best song on the album.
Track listing
References
External links
1995 debut albums
Yoshinori Sunahara albums
Ki/oon Records albums
The West End Historic District is a residential historic district located in western Decatur, Illinois. The district, which was primarily built in the first half of the 20th century, includes over 1,700 contributing buildings. The West End was a popular neighborhood for Decatur's business owners and managers at its large industries, and the majority of its residents came from upper-middle class occupations; however, the district also had many working-class residents. A diverse array of architecture is featured in the district; twenty-three different architectural styles and twelve vernacular types are represented in its homes. The Dutch Colonial Revival and American Craftsman styles are the most prevalent, along with the latter's related vernacular type, the bungalow; the English Revival, Colonial Revival, Prairie School, and Georgian Revival styles also had a significant influence on the district's character.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 27, 2002.
References
Buildings and structures in Decatur, Illinois
Dutch Colonial Revival architecture in the United States
American Craftsman architecture in Illinois
Bungalow architecture in Illinois
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Macon County, Illinois
Valeri Valeryevich Safonov (; born 13 May 1987) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
He played two seasons in the Russian Football National League for FC Krasnodar and FC Zhemchuzhina-Sochi.
Honours
Russian Cup winner with PFC CSKA Moscow: 2006 (played 2 games in the tournament).
External links
1987 births
People from Istrinsky District
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Krasnodar players
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
PFC Spartak Nalchik players
FC Sokol Saratov players
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Zandeweer is a village in Het Hogeland municipality in the Dutch province of Groningen. It had a population of around 475 in January 2017.
History
It was part of Kantens municipality before 1990, when it became part of Hefshuizen.
Gallery
References
External links
Het Hogeland
Populated places in Groningen (province)
Krissy Nordhoff (born June 24, 1974; as Kristen Lynn Stora) is an American Christian musician, who primarily plays a Christian pop style of worship music. She has released two studio albums, Thank Him in 2004 and Downpour in 2007, both with ICC Records. She was awarded with a GMA Dove Award, for her songwriting on "Your Great Name", where it won Worship Song of the Year at the 43rd GMA Dove Awards.
Early life
Nordhoff was born Kristen Lynn Stora on June 24, 1974, in Allegan, Michigan. She suffered with Lyme disease in 2002 where she got a tick bite in 1999, but she has since made a full recovery from illness.
Music career
Nordhoff's music recording career commenced in 2004, when her first studio album, Thank Him, was released on November 1, 2004 by ICC Records. Her subsequent studio album, Downpour, was released on September 10, 2007, with ICC Records. She won a GMA Dove Award, for Worship Song of the Year at the 43rd GMA Dove Awards, due to her songwriting of her songwriting on "Your Great Name", performed by Natalie Grant on her 2010 studio album, Love Revolution.
Personal life
She is married to Eric Nordhoff, where together they reside in Franklin, Tennessee, attending Gateway Church located in their hometown, with their three children, two sons and a daughter.
Discography
Studio albums
Thank Him (November 1, 2004, ICC)
Downpour (September 10, 2007, ICC)
References
External links
Official website
1974 births
Living people
American performers of Christian music
Musicians from Michigan
Musicians from Tennessee
Songwriters from Michigan
Songwriters from Tennessee
Huddersfield Town's 1944–45 campaign saw Town continuing to play in the Wartime League. They finished 1st in the 1st NRL Competition, 34th in the War Cup qualifiers and 13th in the 2nd NRL Competition.
Results
1st NRL Competition
2nd NRL Competition
Notes
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. seasons
Huddersfield Town
Mohammed Zillur Rahman (9 March 1929 – 20 March 2013) was the President of Bangladesh from 2009 to 2013. He was also a senior presidium member of the Awami League. He is the third president of Bangladesh, after Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and Ziaur Rahman, to die in office, while being the first to die of natural causes.
Early life
Rahman was born on 9 March 1929 in Bhairab Upazila, Kishoreganj District, his mother's paternal home. His father, Meher Ali Miyan, was a lawyer, the Chairman of the Mymensingh Local Board and Member of the District Board.
Rahman's early education started at a nearby primary school named Bhairab Model Govt. Primary school. In 1946, he passed Matriculation from Bhairab K. B. High School. He graduated with an Intermediate of Arts (IA) in 1947 from Dhaka College. In 1954, he got his MA with Honours in History and a LLB degree from Dhaka University.
Career
Rahman became close with Sheikh Mujibur Rahman during the campaign for the 1947 Sylhet referendum. He participated in the Bengali language movement of 1952. He held a student gathering on 19 February 1952 at Dhaka University as part of the language movement. In 1953, he was expelled by the Dhaka University for his role in the language Movement but the order was rescinded in the face of student protests. He was the vice-chairman of election steering committee for the greater Mymensingh region during the 1954 election. He served as the president of the Awami League affiliated East Pakistan Awami Swechchhasebak League. In 1956 he was elected President of the Kishoreganj subdivision unit of Awami League. He served as the General Secretary of Dhaka District Bar Association.
Later, as an Awami League candidate, Rahman was elected as a member of parliament in the 1970 national elections of Pakistan. During the Bangladesh Liberation War, Rahman actively participated in the Government-in-exile. He was a contributor to the Daily Joy Bangla. After the war, Rahman became the General Secretary of Awami League in 1972. He was elected as a member of the parliament in the 1973 general elections. In 1974, he was elected to the post of General Secretary of the Awami League. In 1975 he was appointed to the Central Committee of Bangladesh Krishak Sramik Awami League and made its secretary. After the assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, Rahman was arrested by the army junta, and spent four years in prison. In 1981, he served as a Presidium Member of Awami League. he was elected to the parliament in 1986 and was imprisoned the same year. In 1992, he was made the general secretary of Awami League.
Rahman served as a Minister of Local Government, Rural Development and Co-operatives and the deputy leader of parliament in the Awami League government between 1996 and 2001. He was re-elected General Secretary of Bangladesh Awami League in 1997. He was re-elected to Parliament in 2001. His wife, Ivy Rahman, was killed the 2004 Dhaka grenade attack. She was a leader of Bangladesh Awami League and its women's front the Mohila League. He served as the temporary President of Bangladesh Awami League during the 2006–08 Bangladeshi political crisis when President of Bangladesh Awami League, Sheikh Hasina, was imprisoned by the military backed caretaker government. He was re-elected to Parliament in 2008.
Presidency
Rahman was sworn in as the 19th president of Bangladesh on 12 February 2009. He was elected president of Bangladesh uncontested. In May 2009 in a meeting with the Dhaka Chamber of Commerce and Industry, he called for caution over the global recession and emphasized the importance of globalization. He was the Chief Scout of Bangladesh and expressed happiness over Bangladesh becoming the 5th largest scout country in the world during his term. As President he was the Supreme Commander of the Bangladesh Armed Forces. He had called for the modernizing of the Armed Forces. He called for improving ties between the Air Forces of South Asian countries.
On 27 September 2010, Rahman appointed Justice A. B. M. Khairul Haque to be the 19th chief justice of Bangladesh. He called for their training to be improved to facilitate the modernization. In 2012, he asked the Organisation of Islamic Conference countries to pressure Myanmar to take back the Rohingya refugees. He called for expanding trade and diplomatic ties with Cuba after the Cuban ambassador to Bangladesh presented his credentials on 10 February 2012. On 28 January 2013, he criticised Bangladesh Nationalist Party, then the opposition party, for not participating in the parliament and carrying out their duties.
Clemency power exercised by Rahman
Rahman exercised his power to grant clemency to as many as 21 individuals while he was in office. In contrast, only four pardons were granted by his predecessors between 1972 and 2008. Among the people for whom Rahman exercised his clemency power is A H M Biplob who was convicted in the case of murdering a lawyer. The Sessions Court awarded Biplob, son of Awami League leader and Mayor of Laxmipur municipality Abu Taher, the death penalty for the murder in absentia. Following applications from Biplob's mother Rahman, the then President pardoned Biplob in the murder case of the lawyer in July 2011 and, then in February 2012, remitted the two other life imprisonments to ten years imprisonments.
Personal life
Rahman was married to fellow Awami League politician Ivy Rahman, the party's secretary for women's affairs. Ivy was killed in the 2004 Dhaka grenade attack. Together they had one son – Nazmul Hassan Papon – and two daughters – Tania Bakht and Tanima Bakht. Papon is the president of the Bangladesh Cricket Board, managing director of Beximco Pharma and an MP.
Illness and death
Rahman died at Mount Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore aged 84 on 20 March 2013 after he was flown to the country by an air ambulance for critical lung infection on 10 March. It followed his admission to the Combined Military Hospital (CMH) at Dhaka cantonment the previous day, which was his 84th birthday. In Singapore, he had been undergoing treatment for kidney and respiratory problems since 11 March. Bangladesh's High Commissioner in Singapore Mahbub Uz Zaman announced: "The president died at a hospital here in Singapore at 6:47 pm local time." At the time of his death his children were with him. In his absence, Parliamentary Speaker Abdul Hamid was appointed as acting president on 14 March. A presidential spokesman later announced that Hamid has declared three days of national mourning. He was buried in Dhaka's Banani graveyard.
In reaction to his death, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's immediate response was to express profound shock and that the death was "an irreparable loss to the country and its people," according to her Press Secretary Abul Kalam Azad. In 2013, Hasina declared that the Mirpur-Airport Road Flyover will be named after him.
References
External links
1929 births
2013 deaths
Awami League politicians
Presidents of Bangladesh
7th Jatiya Sangsad members
8th Jatiya Sangsad members
Local Government, Rural Development and Co-operatives ministers
Burials at Banani Graveyard
People from Kishoreganj District
Bangladesh Krishak Sramik Awami League executive committee members
Bangladesh Krishak Sramik Awami League central committee members
Wimer is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 678. Wimer lies along Evans Creek north of the city of Rogue River.
The community was named for a relative of William Wimer, who edited a newspaper in Grants Pass in 1886–87. Grants Pass is about southwest of Wimer. William Wimer was also said to have helped establish a post office in Wimer, which remained open until 1909. Simon E. Simpkins was the first postmaster.
Wimer Bridge is a covered bridge that crosses Evans Creek in Wimer. It replaced a 1927 version of the bridge that collapsed into the creek in 2003. In 2008, with the help of federal funds and local labor, the bridge was replaced with a look-alike using stronger materials. The one-way bridge, still wide, as was the original, has a load limit of 10 tons. This version of the bridge opened to traffic in February 2008.
Demographics
References
Unincorporated communities in Jackson County, Oregon
Census-designated places in Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
Census-designated places in Jackson County, Oregon
Hans-Georg Stümke (16 September 1941 in Königsberg – 29 September 2002 in Berlin) was a German gay activist, author, and historian.
The son of an army officer, Stümke grew up in Celle, Lower Saxony, and worked first as a meteorologist for the German army. He returned to school to complete his secondary education and enrolled at the Free University of Berlin to study history. In the early 1960s, he came out as a gay man, and he was an LGBT activist in the 1970s. Stümke was among the first to report in West Germany about the Stonewall riots in New York City, which helped spark the founding of the nationwide gay rights movement. In the following years he was active in the LSVD and authored pioneering books about German gay history and gay seniors. His humorous travel guide to Playa del Ingles, Gran Canaria, went through numerous printings in German and was translated into English. He died of cancer in 2002 and is buried in the Alter St.-Matthäus-Kirchhof cemetery in Berlin.
Works by Stümke
Älter werden wir umsonst. Schwules Leben jenseits der Dreißig. Erfahrungen. Berlin: Verlag rosa Winkel, 1998. (Interviews and essays by Michael Bochow, Rainer Hoffmann, Rüdiger Lautmann, and Michael Schmidt.)
Homosexuelle in Deutschland. Eine politische Geschichte. Munich: C.H. Beck, 1989.
Rosa Winkel, rosa Listen. Homosexuelle und "gesundes Volksempfinden" von Auschwitz bis heute. Reinbek: Rowohlt, 1981. (Coauthored with Rudi Finkler.)
Elvira Klöppelschuh (pseudonym), Elvira auf Gran Canaria. Urlaub, Schwule, Strand und Tand. Berlin: Verlag rosa Winkel, 1994.
English translation: Elvira Totterheels (pseudonym), Elvira in Gran Canaria: Sea, Sun, Sand and a New Pair of Shoes. Transl. by Ashley Lancaster. Berlin: Verlag rosa Winkel, 2002.
External links
Titles by Stümke in the German National Library
Persönlichkeiten von schwulem Interesse:Hans-Georg Stümke (German)
taz:'Unerbittlich im Kampf für schwule Rechte (German)
1941 births
2002 deaths
LGBT rights activists from Germany
German gay writers
Historians of LGBT topics
LGBT historians
Historians of Germany
Historians of Nazism
Historians of the Holocaust
Alex de Oliveira (born February 21, 1988) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist who last competed in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).
Background
Born and raised in Três Rios, Rio de Janeiro, Oliveira worked for a time as a construction worker and bull rider before he's starting training in martial arts. Oliveira had three brothers – of whom two deceased due to violent crime – and four sisters. He also trained in Muay Thai for a couple of years before switching to mixed martial arts at the age of 22.
Mixed martial arts career
Fighting out of Três Rios, he made his professional debut competing in the welterweight division in December 2011. He compiled a record of 11–2–1 (1), including a two-fight stint for Bitetti Combat while competing exclusively for regional promotions in his native Brazil. After taking a unanimous decision victory over Joilton Santos, Oliveira signed with the UFC in early 2015.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
2015
Oliveira made his promotional debut as a short notice replacement against Gilbert Burns on March 21, 2015 at UFC Fight Night 62, filling in for an injured Josh Thomson. After arguably winning each of the first two rounds, Oliveira eventually lost via submission in the third round.
For his second fight in the UFC, Oliveira was again tabbed as short notice replacement and faced K. J. Noons on May 30, 2015 at UFC Fight Night 67, filling in for Yan Cabral. Oliveira won the fight via submission in the first round.
Competing in his third UFC fight in just over three months, Oliveira faced promotional newcomer Joe Merritt on June 27, 2015 at UFC Fight Night 70. Oliveira won the fight by unanimous decision.
Oliveira faced Piotr Hallmann in a lightweight bout on November 7, 2015 at UFC Fight Night 77. He won the fight by knockout in the third round. The win also earned Oliveira his first Performance of the Night bonus award.
2016
Oliveira fought Donald Cerrone on February 21, 2016 at UFC Fight Night 83, filling in for Tim Means. Oliveira lost the fight via submission in the first round.
Oliveira faced James Moontasri on July 23, 2016 at UFC on Fox 20. He won the one-sided fight via unanimous decision.
Oliveira next faced Will Brooks in a lightweight bout on October 1, 2016 at UFC Fight Night 96. The bout took place at a catchweight of 161.5 lbs, as Oliveira missed weight. Oliveira won the fight via KO in the third round.
Oliveira faced Tim Means on December 30, 2016 at UFC 207. The bout was halted in the first round after Means landed several knees to the head of Oliveira while he was considered a grounded opponent. As a result, Oliveira was unable to continue after the foul occurred. Subsequently, referee Dan Miragliotta judged that the foul was accidental, and in turn, the result was scored a No Contest.
2017
A rematch with Means eventually took place on March 11, 2017 at UFC Fight Night 106. Oliveira won the bout via submission in the second round.
Oliveira faced Ryan LaFlare on July 22, 2017 at UFC on Fox 25. He won the fight via knockout in the second round, after landing a well timed right uppercut. He was awarded his second Performance of the Night bonus award.
Oliveira faced Yancy Medeiros on December 2, 2017 at UFC 218. He lost the back-and-forth fight via TKO in the third round. Despite the loss, Oliveira earned his first Fight of the Night bonus award for the fight.
2018
Oliveira defeated Carlos Condit on April 14, 2018 at UFC on Fox 29, after replacing injured Matt Brown. He won the fight via a guillotine choke. This fight earned him the Performance of the Night bonus award.
Oliveira was expected to face Neil Magny on September 22, 2018 at UFC Fight Night 137. However Magny was removed from the pairing on August 22 in favor of a matchup with Santiago Ponzinibbio in November at UFC Fight Night 140, he was replaced by Carlo Pedersoli Jr. Oliveira won the fight via knockout just 39 seconds into the first round.
Oliveira faced Gunnar Nelson on December 8, 2018 at UFC 231. He lost the fight via a rear-naked choke in round two.
2019
Oliveira was expected to face Li Jingliang on April 27, 2019 at UFC Fight Night: Jacaré vs. Hermansson. However, it was reported on March 23, 2019 that Li was injured and was forced to pull from the bout. He was replaced by Mike Perry. Oliveira lost the back-and-forth fight by unanimous decision. The bout also earned Oliveira his second Fight of the Night bonus award.
Oliveira faced returning veteran Nicolas Dalby on September 28, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 160. He lost the fight via unanimous decision. Subsequently the decision was appealed on grounds of erroneous action by the referee.
2020
Oliveira was expected to face Mickey Gall on February 29, 2020 at UFC Fight Night 169. However, on December 27, 2019 the bout was pulled from the event by UFC. The bout will not be replaced and no reason was given from UFC. Oliveira was quickly rescheduled and instead faced Max Griffin the following week at UFC 248. He won the back-and-forth fight via split decision.
Oliveira faced Peter Sobotta on July 26, 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Whittaker vs. Till. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Oliveira faced Shavkat Rakhmonov, replacing injured Elizeu Zaleski dos Santos on October 24, 2020 at UFC 254. At the weigh-ins, Oliveira weighed in at 173 pounds, two pounds over the welterweight non-title fight limit. The bout proceeded at catchweight and he was 20% his purse, which went to his opponent Rakhmonov. Oliveira lost the fight via a guillotine choke submission in the first round.
2021
Oliveira was expected to face Randy Brown on February 27, 2021 at UFC Fight Night 186. However, Brown pulled out of the fight during the week leading up to the event due to undisclosed reasons, and he was replaced by promotional newcomer Ramazan Kuramagomedov. However, the bout was scrapped the day before the event when Kuramagomedov was removed due to illness. The bout between Oliveira and Brown was rescheduled and eventually took place at UFC 261 on April 24, 2021. Oliveira lost the fight via a one-armed rear naked choke in the first round.
Oliveira faced Niko Price on October 2, 2021 at UFC Fight Night 193. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
2022
Oliveira faced Kevin Holland at UFC 272 on March 5, 2022. He lost the fight via technical knockout in round two.
In April 2022, it was announced that Oliveira was a free agent when his UFC contract and the UFC opted to not re-sign him.
Oliveira made his first appeareance post-UFC against Michel Silva at BF Mr. Cage Fight Music Show on June 10, 2022. He lost the bout after getting chocked unconscious in the second round via anaconda choke.
Personal life
Oliveira is nicknamed "Cowboy" due to formerly being a rodeo bullrider.
Oliveira has ten children from various relationships.
Grenade attack on Christmas Eve 2018
On Christmas Eve in 2018, while getting gasoline for his mother's car in Tres Rios, Brazil, a grenade was thrown toward his direction after he noticed several family members in an altercation with heavily armed thugs. Oliveira subsequently underwent surgery to remove fragments of the grenade from his leg.
Incidents in May 2019
According to reports, seemingly intoxicated Oliveira got into an altercation with a security guard during a party on May 24, 2019. The next morning, Oliveira showed up at his wife's apartment where he allegedly assaulted her, fleeing the scene on a motorcycle with their baby daughter. The child was found on May 26 at one of Oliveira's sister's apartments, and Oliveira had generally been understood to be reported missing until his early March 2020 arrival in Las Vegas for the UFC 248 fight card which he competed on. In an interview Oliveira denied punching his wife but did not comment on other indictments. Oliveira also said they were only having an argument and that they haven't separated: on the contrary, his wife is pregnant again.
Championships and accomplishments
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (Three times) vs Piotr Hallmann, Ryan LaFlare and Carlos Condit
Fight of the Night (Two times) vs Yancy Medeiros, Mike Perry
ESPN
2017 Fight of the Year vs. Yancy Medeiros
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center| (2)
|Helison Cruz
|TKO (doctor stoppage)
|SFFN 9
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:36
|Três Rios, Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| (2)
|Michel Silva
|Technical Submission (anaconda choke)
|BF Mr. Cage Fight Music Show
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:51
|Manaus, Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| (2)
|Kevin Holland
|TKO (elbows)
|UFC 272
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:38
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| (2)
|Niko Price
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Santos vs. Walker
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| (2)
|Randy Brown
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC 261
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:50
|Jacksonville, Florida, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|22–9–1 (2)
|Shavkat Rakhmonov
|Submission (guillotine choke)
|UFC 254
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:40
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|22–8–1 (2)
|Peter Sobotta
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on ESPN: Whittaker vs. Till
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|21–8–1 (2)
|Max Griffin
|Decision (split)
|UFC 248
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|20–8–1 (2)
|Nicolas Dalby
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Hermansson vs. Cannonier
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Copenhagen, Denmark
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|20–7–1 (2)
|Mike Perry
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Jacaré vs. Hermansson
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Sunrise, Florida, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|20–6–1 (2)
|Gunnar Nelson
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC 231
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:17
|Toronto, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|20–5–1 (2)
|Carlo Pedersoli Jr.
|TKO (punches)
|UFC Fight Night: Santos vs. Anders
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:39
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|19–5–1 (2)
|Carlos Condit
|Submission (guillotine choke)
|UFC on Fox: Poirier vs. Gaethje
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:17
|Glendale, Arizona, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|18–5–1 (2)
|Yancy Medeiros
|TKO (punches)
|UFC 218
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|2:02
|Detroit, Michigan, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|18–4–1 (2)
|Ryan LaFlare
|KO (punch)
|UFC on Fox: Weidman vs. Gastelum
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:50
|Uniondale, New York, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|17–4–1 (2)
|Tim Means
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Belfort vs. Gastelum
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:38
|Fortaleza, Brazil
|
|-
|NC
|align=center|16–4–1 (2)
|Tim Means
|NC (illegal knees)
|UFC 207
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:33
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|16–4–1 (1)
|Will Brooks
|KO (punches)
|UFC Fight Night: Lineker vs. Dodson
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|3:30
|Portland, Oregon, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|15–4–1 (1)
|James Moontasri
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on Fox: Holm vs. Shevchenko
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Chicago, Illinois, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|14–4–1 (1)
|Donald Cerrone
|Submission (triangle choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Cowboy vs. Cowboy
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:33
|Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|14–3–1 (1)
|Piotr Hallmann
|KO (punch)
|UFC Fight Night: Belfort vs. Henderson 3
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|0:51
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 13–3–1 (1)
|Joe Merritt
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Machida vs. Romero
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Hollywood, Florida, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 12–3–1 (1)
|K. J. Noons
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Condit vs. Alves
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:51
|Goiânia, Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 11–3–1 (1)
|Gilbert Burns
|Submission (armbar)
|UFC Fight Night: Maia vs. LaFlare
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:14
|Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 11–2–1 (1)
|Joilton Santos
|Decision (unanimous)
|Face to Face 10
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Itaboraí, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 10–2–1 (1)
|Douglas Aparecido
|TKO (punches)
|Watch Out Combat Show 38
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:52
|Ubá, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 9–2–1 (1)
|Ederson Moreira
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Watch Out Combat Show 36
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:18
|Três Rios, Brazil
|
|-
|NC
|align=center| 8–2–1 (1)
|Rogerio Matias
|NC (overturned)
|CEF 10
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|5:00
|Maceió, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 8–2–1
|Fabio Lima Ferreira
|TKO (punches)
|Bitetti Combat 19
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:26
|Manaus, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 7–2–1
|Welton Doidao
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Watch Out Combat Show 32
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|3:44
|Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 6–2–1
|Thiago Macedo
|TKO (punches)
|Watch Out Combat Show 27
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:40
|Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
|Draw
|align=center| 5–2–1
|Kenedy Gualande Andrade
|Draw (unanimous)
|Luta Contra o Crack
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 5–2
|Jone Guilherme Garcia
|TKO (punches)
|Bitetti Combat 15
|
|align=center| 2
|align=center| 2:03
|Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 4–2
|Wendell Oliveira
|Decision (unanimous)
|Watch Out Combat Show 25
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 4–1
|Daniel Silva
|TKO (doctor stoppage)
|JF Fight Evolution
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|5:00
|Juiz de Fora, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 3–1
|Fabi Ohany
|TKO (punches)
|Vicosa Fight 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:43
|Viçosa, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 2–1
|Leandro Beinrothi
|TKO (knees)
|Big Fights Champions
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:57
|Nova Serrana, Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 1–1
|Wallace Dantas
|Submission (triangle choke)
|ATS Kombat 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:03
|Senador Firmino, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 1–0
|Rodrigo Rodrigo
|KO (punches)
|Ervalia Fight
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|N/A
|Ervália, Brazil
|
|-
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
Welterweight mixed martial artists
Lightweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Muay Thai
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Living people
1989 births
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (state)
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Brazilian Muay Thai practitioners
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Diablo Canyon (Nuclear) Power Plant, located in San Luis Obispo County California, was originally designed to withstand a 6.75 magnitude earthquake from four faults, including the nearby San Andreas and Hosgri faults, but was later upgraded to withstand a 7.5 magnitude quake. It has redundant seismic monitoring and a safety system designed to shut it down promptly in the event of significant ground motion.
In 2008 the Shoreline Fault, which passes less than a mile from the plant, was discovered. The fault has the potential of triggering a 6.5-magnitude earthquake. Because the Richter magnitude scale is logarithmic, Diablo Canyon is designed to withstand an earthquake of shaking amplitude ten times larger than that which the Shoreline fault is capable of triggering, based on an analysis by plant owner Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E).
Introduction
Diablo Canyon Power Plant (DCNPP/DCPP) is located proximal to the Los Osos, Hosgri, San Andreas and Shoreline faults. The discovery of these faults required design modifications during construction of the plant.
The Shoreline Fault is described in the November 2008 PG&E report as an "alignment of microseismicity subparallel to the coastline indicating the possible presence of a previously unidentified fault located about 1 km offshore of DCPP." The plant's current operating license expires in 2024 and, in the aftermath of the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, there is renewed opposition due to public perception that the risk of earthquake or tsunami might make the plant unsafe. Re-licensing is contingent upon consistency with the Coastal Act and thus review by the California Coastal Commission, however seismic issues are more properly within the purview of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. The NRC in June 2011 announced that it had already completed its Safety Evaluation Report (SER) for the plant. In July, 2016 PG&E announced that it does not plan on relicensing either of its two Units.
Public controversy
Critics contend that the Diablo Canyon (Nuclear) Power Plant was built so close to a set of geological fault lines that it is "for all practical purposes" to be regarded as built "directly over" a fault. They refer to the Hosgri fault, which was discovered while the plant was under construction. No scientific corroboration for these opinions has been presented, and PG&E maintains that "new and extensive scientific re-evaluations performed at the direction of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) continue to show that Diablo Canyon can safely withstand earthquakes, tsunamis and flooding that could potentially occur in the region."
On July 15, 2011, PBS aired a 17-minute video documenting the controversy over the discovery of the Shoreline fault. It details the differences of opinion between PG&E and a USGS geologist who disagrees with PG&E's assessment of the length of the Shoreline fault, and the potential for shaking should slippage occur at the Hosgri/Shoreline faults simultaneously.
The documentary also prominently features former California Assemblyman Sam Blakeslee, who after discovery of the Shoreline fault introduced legislation mandating 3-D seismic studies. Blakeslee, a former employee of Exxon-Mobil and an outspoken critic of the seismic evaluation undertaken in-house by PG&E, has come under fire by the California Democratic Party for alleged ties to California's fossil fuel industry. The Party alleges Blakeslee "led the effort to insert offshore drilling rights along the Santa Barbara coast as part of [2009] state budget negotiations", and he "used his Assembly position to rake in more than $56,000 from his friends in Big Oil including Exxon, BP, Chevron and Valero".
According to the documentary, Blakeslee authored a bill in 2006 giving the California Energy Commission (CEC) "the power to assess the safety of [California's] nuclear plants", ostensibly to provide a seismic evaluation by an organization without involved financial interest. Others dispute CEC's impartiality. CEC Chairman Robert B. Weisenmiller co-founded and maintained a 24-year association with MRW & Associates, a company with areas of focus including "Fossil fuel generation", "Natural gas pipelines and storage", and "Liquified natural gas". On its website the company notes, "Because MRW maintains a singular focus on power and gas markets, we are ideally placed to help clients take advantage of the changes in market structure and industry regulation." Nuclear energy has been perceived by many as a barrier to the expanding role of natural gas as a fuel for generating electricity, due to nuclear's lack of carbon emissions.
Geological perspectives
Three Pliocene-Miocene marine sedimentary units dominate the geology of Diablo Canyon: the Pismo Formation, the Monterey Formation, and the Obispo Formation. According to a Lawrence-Berkeley report entitled Geologic Investigation of a Potential Site for a Next-Generation Reactor Neutrino Oscillation Experiment – Diablo Canyon, San Luis Obispo County, CA
the area is tectonically active, located east of the active Hosgri Fault and in the southern limb
of the northwest trending Pismo Syncline."
The Obispo Formation is made up of marine and volcaniclastic sedimentary rocks.
Seismic source characterization studies
Various techniques are used to identify faults. These include:
aeromagnetic survey
marine magnetic survey
seismic reflection profiling
seismicity
sub-bottom profiling
geologic mapping
geodetic survey
gravity survey
In 1989, the USGS of the Department of Interior published a report titled "Empirical prediction of near-source ground motion for the Diablo Canyon power plant site, San Luis Obispo County, California". Though the report was a primarily deterministic (empirical) analysis, it included a 1000-point Monte Carlo simulation to demonstrate that seven principal coefficients of ground motion were statistically significant at the 90-percent confidence level.
More recent studies include a probabilistic seismic hazard assessment. As a result of studies by PG&E, it is determined that "ground motions from strike-slip earthquakes along the Hosgri fault zone have decreased and the ground motions from the reverse-slip earthquakes on the Los Osos and San Luis Bay fault zones have remained about the same".
Shoreline Fault
The Shoreline Fault is a 25 km long vertical strike-slip fault, identified in 2008, which lies approximately three hundred meters from the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant in California. According to Pacific Gas & Electric, the fault may produce quakes up to 6.5 magnitude. Mandated three-dimensional seismic studies have not been yet completed, and are not prerequisites for reissuance of the operating licenses for the two onsite units.
Safety
According to USGS seismologist, Jeanne L. Hardebeck, the Shoreline Fault has potential to trigger an earthquake of 6.4–6.8 magnitude, while the company asserts the facility is designed to withstand a 7.5 magnitude quake, and NRC's estimate of the risk each year of an earthquake intense enough to cause core damage to the reactor at Diablo Canyon was 1 in 23,810 according to an NRC study published in August 2010.
Preparedness
The Office of Nuclear Reactor Regulation of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission provides oversight of Incident response teams and assures provision of an appropriate Incident commander for all adverse events including earthquakes. The company does have in place the following measures:
Severe Accident Management Guidelines (SAMG)
Controlling reactor coolant pressure and temp, containment pressure and H concentration
Flood containment
emergency steam injection into generators
Extreme Damage Mitigation Guidelines
Spent fuel pool water replacement measures
Depressurization of steam generators
reduction of pressure w/o power
start diesel w/o power
Design basis
According to information provided by PG&E the plant is designed to accommodate a ground acceleration of 0.75 g – three quarters of gravity. By comparison, the ground tremors experienced by the Fukushima Daiichi power plant was reported as 0.2–0.51g, with the plant certified to withstand 0.18–0.36g. Subsequent inspection showed no significant damage to any of Fukushima Daiichi's four reactors from the earthquake, indicating all four reactors exceeded safety specifications by 0.02–0.15 g.
Tsunami
Diablo Canyon is designed to exceed a maximum oceanic flood level (combined tsunami, storm wave, high tide, and storm surge) of 32.0 feet above mean sea level (MSL) / 34.6 feet mean lower-low water (MLLW). The facility recently conducted a trial application of a Probabilistic Tsunami Hazard Assessment (PTHA) to evaluate lessons learned from the 2004 Sumatra tsunami as part of PG&E's Long-Term Seismic Plan (LTSP). This study shows that the hazard for tsunami waves of up to 3 meters (approximately 10 ft) is dominated by distant earthquakes around the circum-Pacific region, and is consistent with the historic record. The tsunami wave heights observed in San Luis Obispo County from the March 2011 Japanese tsunami were consistent with these results.
Soil liquefaction
Soil liquefaction resulting from earthquake activity has been raised as a concern however the plant and storage fuels are anchored on bedrock.
Post-Fukushima developments
In April 2011, in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear incident in Japan, PG&E asked the NRC not to issue license renewals until PG&E can complete new seismic studies, which are expected to take at least three years.
The ongoing (as of 6/2011) seismic studies were recommended by the California Energy Commission and are approved and funded by the California Public Utilities Commission.
On June 21, 2016, PG&E announced a Joint Proposal with labor and environmental organizations to increase investment in energy efficiency, renewables and storage, while phasing out nuclear power. Specifically, the operating licenses for Diablo Canyon Units 1 and 2 will not be renewed. These are set to expire on November 2, 2024 and August 26, 2025 respectively.
See also
Abalone Alliance
Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility
Dark Circle (film)
Diablo Canyon Power Plant
Nuclear renaissance in the United States
Pandora's Promise
1927 Lompoc earthquake
References
External links
PG&E Diablo Canyon
Seismic update of Jan 2011
Pyrochemical reprocessing possible solution to spent fuel at risk from earthquakes
Nuclear safety and security
Power station technology
Environmental issues in California
Francis "Frank" Milburn Howlett (5 January 1877 – 20 August 1920) was a British entomologist who served as a Second Imperial Entomologist and as Imperial Pathological Entomologist in India. He specialized in insects (mainly Diptera - sandflies) and parasitic ticks of medical and veterinary importance. A major discovery by him was the attractant methyl eugenol and its effect on flies of the genus Bactrocera.
Life and work
Howlett was born in Wymondham, Norfolk, the son of Francis John Howlett, a solicitor, and Mary Jane née Milburn. He was educated at Wymondham Grammar School and Bury St Edmunds Grammar School, and then at Christ's College, Cambridge. He was an assistant master at Edinburgh Academy from 1900 to 1903 and at Holt Grammar School before being posted as a professor of natural science (which included the teaching of chemistry) at Muir Central College, Allahabad, from 1905 to 1908, initially in a temporary position (to replace E.G. Hill who was on furlough) which was then extended. He joined the Imperial Agricultural Research Institute at Pusa in December 1907 as Second (i.e. deputy) Imperial Entomologist under Harold Maxwell-Lefroy and from 1912 as Imperial Pathological Entomologist for the Government of India. In 1910 he was in England and Harold Maxwell-Lefroy deputed him to attend the first International Entomological Congress in Brussels, where he presented on the state of economic entomology in India and also on issues in preserving specimens in India. He left India during the First World War and worked with the Royal Army Medical College, while also attending various meetings of learned societies, and returned to India only in 1917. In 1919 he presided over the zoological section of the 6th Indian Science Congress at Bombay, giving a talk on "tactics against insects." One of his most important findings was in noting the attraction of tephritid flies to methyl eugenol, a component that he identified from several others present in citronella oil. He also noted how fleas disliked wet grass and noted a decline in plague during the onset of the rains and suggested that this might be a reason for the plague being rare in Bengal. He published a technique to trap thrips with attractant mixtures of Benzaldehyde, Cinnamaldehyde and Anisaldehyde. Howlett also discovered that he could induce Stomoxys calcitrans to oviposit on cotton impregnated with valerianic acid, which is a component of fermenting vegetable matter. He also noted the life history of mosquito larvae (Stegomyia, now Anopheles) that could survive in dry soil. He also studied the biology of sandflies. Howlett was also known for his humorous sketches at Pusa, but he later moved to the Agricultural Research Institute at Pune. Howlett was an athlete and artist but his health was poor during his service in India and he died a premature death due to complications following a surgical procedure at Mussoorie. At the time of his death he was working on a book titled The Control of Harmful Insects. An obituarist writing in the Agricultural Journal of India noted that he was:... a man of almost childlike simplicity and originality of outlook, and with many interests. ... He had the faults as well as the merits of the artistic temperament. ... He was a born schoolmaster, delighted in teaching, and could make all subjects interesting, and had the gift of implanting in his disciples some of his own enthusiasm. He was a combative apostle of pure research, and his disappearance from the ranks of scientists of this order will be a serious blow to the cause.Howlett assisted Harold Maxwell-Lefroy in writing and illustrating the book Indian Insect Life. He wrote the sections on the flies and also trained staff at Pusa in technical illustration. A species of tick, Haemaphysalis howletti, were described by Warburton in 1913 from a pony in Pakistan and in 1962 was found on rodents and birds in Pune, Maharashtra. Howlett developed techniques for collecting and preserving insects and for marking insects (houseflies) to study dispersal. Brunetti, named a fly after Howlett as Howlettia (now considered a synonym of Platypalpus of family Hybotidae).
Publications
Apart from the publications cited, Howlett's works include:
References
British entomologists
1877 births
1920 deaths
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
The Lwandle Plate is one of three tectonic microplates, along with the Rovuma Plate and Victoria Plate, that make up the African Plate with the Somali Plate and the Nubian Plate. Its discovery is very recent, so the velocity of the plate is neither well known nor well understood. Many experiments are ongoing to quantify this. The Lwandle Plate lies between 30°E and 50°E, sharing a boundary with the Nubian, Somali, and Antarctic Plates.
The Lwandle Plate is largely oceanic, lying off the southeast coast of Africa. It is currently believed that the southern part of Madagascar forms part of the Lwandlean Plate, with one of the plate boundaries cutting through the island.
Discovery of the Lwandle Plate
For many years it was widely accepted that rifting in the East African Rift system, 22–25 million years ago, resulted in the splitting of the African Plate into 2 smaller plates – the Somali Plate and the Nubian Plate. However, most recently, through the application of GPS technology and integration of earthquake data, it was discovered that the rift created three additional “microplates” – the Lwandle Plate, Victoria Plate, and Rovuma Plate.
Earthquakes occur most often at plate boundaries and have been used as a guide to predict the locations of multiple plate boundaries. “Lwandle's” existence was postulated after studying earthquake data in areas that were once assumed to be the interiors of the Nubian and Somali plates. By including the Lwandlean Plate in their calculation, researchers were able to more accurately solve for the intersection between the East African Rift and the Southwest Indian Ridge.
GPS technology and data was also introduced in an effort to show with certainty the difference between the Somali Plate and the Nubian Plate. Using the GPS data, researchers could measure the velocity of tectonic plates from their interiors.
The existence of the Lwandle Plate was first quantified using the Lwandle-Antarctica-Nubia plate circuit closure constrained by spreading rates and transform azimuths along the Southwest Indian Ridge. Mathematical plate circuit closure is attained while including the existence of Lwandle; using plate circuit closure, plate velocities can be calculated from the velocities of other plates.
In 2008, the entire East African Rift System was successfully "quantified" through the integration of the GPS and earthquake data with the spreading rate and transform azimuth constraints.
There have been very few studies that directly study the Lwandlean Plate. Previous studies about Lwandle have primarily been focused on attempting to quantify the mechanics of the African Rift System. For this reason, the presumed evolution and formation of the microplates are not well known.
Evolution
Lwandle was assumed to be part of the Somali plate, at first. Here are two models that show how thinking about Lwandle has evolved.
Boundary types
The majority of Lwandle's plate boundaries are not well understood. What is known is:
Southern boundary – The Southwest Indian Ridge, an ultra-slow spreading ridge with a slow spreading rate of about 12–18 mm/yr, acts as the southern boundary. This spreading ridge separates Lwandle from the Antarctic plate.
Eastern boundary – To the east, the boundary may be more of a diffuse boundary. There are current studies trying to pinpoint the exact location of this boundary; it is believed to cut across Madagascar, making it Lwandle's only boundary that is not purely oceanic. Earthquake slip vectors are the primary constraint that predict the actual plate boundaries. Velocity predicted at this boundary is 1.3–1.4 mm/yr. This boundary separates Lwandle from the Somali Plate.
Western boundary – The western boundary is especially poorly understood; there is very little seismic activity along this boundary. Despite that, a misfit to a seafloor magnetic anomaly strongly suggests that motion exists. Some models suggest it is a right-lateral strike slip boundary with a rate of about 1 mm/yr, with some extension. Still, others even suggest that motion ceased at this boundary approximately 11 million years ago. This boundary separates Lwandle from the Nubian Plate.
Northern boundary – Bordering the Lwandle plate to the north is the Rovuma plate.
Modern movements
GPS data paired with earthquake slip data is used to estimate the velocity of the Lwandle Plate and its neighbors. The velocity of the Lwandlean Plate, relative to the Nubian and Somali plates, is estimated to be a very slow rate (1–2 mm/yr). With these low rates of motion, it is expected that this area wouldn't have much seismic activity. The data supports this expectation. Though Lwandle is moving faster relative to the Antarctic plate than to Nubian and Somali, this spreading ridge is one of the slowest on planet Earth, spreading at less than half the rate of human fingernail growth. It appears that Lwandle will be in its current position for quite some time.
See also
List of tectonic plates
Plate tectonics
References
Tectonic plates
This is an English language bibliography of American Samoa and its geography, history, inhabitants, culture, biota, etc.
American Samoa (; ) is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the South Pacific Ocean, southeast of the sovereign state of Samoa (formerly known as Western Samoa).
History
- published annually.
Military histories
Natural histories
Setchell, William Albert – American Samoa: Part I: Vegetation of Tutuila Island. Part II. Ethnobotany of the Samoans. Part III. Vegetation of Rose Atoll.
Political and social histories
Coulter, John Wesley - Land Utilization in American Samoa.
Emerson, Rupert, Lawrence S. Finkelstein, E. L. Bartlett, George H. McLane, and Roy E. James - America's Pacific Dependencies: A Survey of American Colonial Policies and of Administration and Progress toward Self-Rule in Alaska, Hawaii, Guam, Samoa, and the Trust Territory.
Freeman, Derek - The Fateful Hoaxing of Margaret Mead: A Historical Analysis of Her Samoan Research.
Freeman, Derek - Margaret Mead and Samoa: The Making and Unmaking of an Anthropological Myth.
Gilbert, Sandra M. - Wrongful Death: A Medical Tragedy.
Kirch, P. V. and T. L. Hunt - The To'aga Site: three millennia of Polynesian occupation in the Manu'a Islands, American Samoa.
Schramm, Wilbur, Lyle M. Nelson, and Mere T. Betham – Bold Experiment: The Story of Educational Television in American Samoa.
Sinavaiana-Gabbard, Caroline – Alchemies of Distance.
West, Francis J. - Political Advancement in the South Pacific: A Comparative Study of Colonial Practice in Fiji, Tahiti and American Samoa.
Fiction
Bibliographies
Notes
See also
Topic overview:
American Samoa
Outline of American Samoa
Index of American Samoa-related articles
Bibliographies of the United States and territories
American Samoa
The Yanwu Expressway (), also known as the Yan'an-Wuqi Expressway (), or the Yan'an-Zhidan-Wuqi Expressway (), or Shaanxi Provincial Expressway S16 () is an expressway in Yan'an, Shaanxi, China. The route traverses the hills of the Loess Plateau in the Shaanbei region, beginning at an interchange with the G65 Baotou-Maoming Expressway in the town of Yanhewan in Ansai District, and travelling through Zhidan County to its terminus in Wuqi County. The expressway's total length is . Construction started in on December 14, 2008, and on December 19, 2013, construction was completed, and the expressway was opened to traffic. Upon its completion, it became Shaanxi's longest provincial highway by mileage.
Design
The highway has four lanes, a speed limit of , and a roadbed width of . The expressway traverses a total of 202 bridges and 10 tunnels, accounting for 57.2% of the route's total length. Initially, the route was planned to open by the end of 2011, and cost 10.495 billion RMB. Later, its completion date was pushed back to 2012, and its projected total cost was raised to 10.785 billion RMB.
Route
References
Expressways in Shaanxi
Niels Eje (born Copenhagen 1954) is a Danish composer and oboist.
Niels Eje was educated at the Carl Nielsen Academy of Music in Denmark 1974 to 1979. Thereafter he studied with Lothar Koch of the Berlin Philharmonic.
His career included a position as principal oboist in the Danish National Symphony Orchestra, (1979 to 1990) performances in Europe, USA and Japan as soloist and chamber musician.
Niels Eje has composed and arranged a large repertoire for different classical ensembles as well as music for concerts, theatre, TV and documentaries. He is the founder of Trio Rococo (harp, Berit Spaelling, oboe Niels Eje, and cello, Inge Mulvad,) whose album 'Norwegian Wood' was released worldwide.
Niels Eje has participated on several recordings with various artists in a number of genres, including with Miles Davis on the album Aura, and with Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen, Berit Spaelling, Inge Mulvad in the album In the Name of Music
In 1998 Niels Eje founded the interdisciplinary project Musica Humana Research together with Professor Lars Heslet, Copenhagen University Hospital. The research projects were aimed at creating a new specially designed music environment in hospitals and with scientific methods documenting the effect. The music and research documentation is published under the name MusiCure.
Grants & Awards
Jacob Gade Grant
Børge Schrøder and Herta Finnerups grant for special achievements in music
The "Jante Knuser Cultural Award" 2001 for best entrepreneur activity in the field of "cultural business" idea in Denmark - given to Niels Eje by the Ministry of Economic and Business Affairs, Denmark.
Gold Award for the Trio Rococo recording "Classical Mystery Tour/Norwegian Wood"
2007 Blair Sadler Award
Selected list of works
Faries and Tales dedicated to James Galway and Safri Duo
Pip's Theme, from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens for oboe, cello, harp and electronics
Biddy, from Great Expectations, violin/flute and piano
Miss HavishamHouse, violin, harp and electronics
Estella, violin, cello, harp
Fragile Light, oboe, cello, harp and electronics( Trio Rococo)
Infinity, oboe, cello and harp (Trio Rococo)
Asian Echoes, oboe, cello and harp (trio Rococo)
Sakhalin Fantasy, flute, oboe, cello and piano
The Power of The Harp, harp solo ( Berit Spaelling)
Ablaze suite The Vikings Large ensemble and soprano
Sakura suite Japanese folk songs for piano and wind quintet
Octoman, wind octet
Oboe in Orbit, oboe and electronics
The Storyteller, large ensemble and electronics
Great Expectations suite, after Dickens (Ablaze)
More than 30 titles for the Musica Humana research project
Discography
With Trio Rococo
1988: Sonata and Divertimenti: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart arranged by Niels Eje
1991: Crystal Bridge, Music by Chick Corea, Palle Mikkelborg, Thomas Clausen and Niels Eje
1992: Trio Rococo plays Rococo Trios. Music by Johann Wilhelm Hertel and Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, arranged by Niels Eje
1992: Hexerie eller Blind Alarm (stage music) – Music by Niels Eje (cassette)
1994: Classical Mystery Tour, Trio Rococo plays The Beatles Gefion Records GFO 20112
1994: Sangen er et Eventyr (The song is a fairy-tale), Music by Frederik Magle – feat. Trio Rococo (arranged by Niels Eje), NHØP, and others
1996: Friends Music by Brian Wilson, Paul Simon and Niels Eje. Gefion Records GFO 20120
1998: In The Name Of Music, Trio Rococo and NHØP. Gefion Records 3672634848639
2001: No Time At All – Michael Vesterskov (‘Bromzkij Garden')
2002: Den danske sang til hver en tid (Danish Songs), Tritonus Choir & Trio Rococo. Arranged by John Höybye and Niels Eje. Exlibris
Niels Eje
1993: Pride of The Ocean (single) – Music by Niels Eje
1997: Ablaze, Music by Niels Eje, Gefion Records GFO 2012
With Selandia Wind Ensemble
1989: Wind Chamber Music I – Danish and French composers
1990: Wind Chamber Music II – W.A. Mozart
1992: Wind Chamber Music III – Bach & Villa-Lobos
1999: Wind Chamber Music IV – Carl Nielsen
With Solisti Pro Musica
1990: Sonatas & Arias – J. S. Bach
2005: Klassisk Jul – Merete Hjortsø – (Niels Eje: oboe & arrangement.)
MusiCure
Music composed and produced by Niels Eje and Inge Mulvad Eje:
2003: MusiCure 1. The Journey
2003: MusiCure 2. Equator
2004: MusiCure 3. Fairy Tales
2004: MusiCure 4. Northern Light
2005: MusiCure 5. Seasons
2006: MusiCure 6. Waves
2007: MusiCure 7. Horizons
2008: MusiCure 8. Peace
2009: MusiCure 9. Scandinavia
2010: MusiCure 10. Dreams
2011: MusiCure Nature Editions (2-CD set)
2013: MusiCure Moonlight & Nature Meditation (2-CD set)
Other CD releases where Niels Eje appears (selected)
1985: Aura: Columbia Records, COL 463351 2, Miles Davis. Danish Radio Big Band. Conductor and composer: Palle Mikkelborg.
1990: Homage/Once Upon a Time – NHØP/Mikkelborg
1993: Kærlighedens Triumf (stage music) – Arranged by Niels Eje (cassette)
1995: The musical Atlantis – Peter Spies et al. (oboe solo on Morgen på Atlantis)
1995: Du Kan Få Mig Til Alt – Lis Sørensen and Stig Kreutzfeldt (solo on ‘Vågen I Drømmeland')
1997: Michael Brydenfelt, Trompet – (Niels Eje soloist in J.S. Bach Brandenburg Concerto no. 2)
1999: Imprints – by Jan Lippert
2001: Misty Paradise – Hanne Boel
2001: King of Nothing – Henrik Andersen
2006: Vores Bedste – Danser med Drenge, and others
References
External links
Niels Eje website
MusiCure
The Research
Trio Rococo
1954 births
Living people
Musicians from Copenhagen
Danish composers
Male composers
Danish oboists
Male oboists
Headwind/Tailwind is an EP by Freiband (stage name of Frans De Waard). The EP features a track by Freiband and a remix by Bass Communion and was released on Frans De Waard's My Own Little Label.
Release
After releasing the EP Haze Shrapnel, which contained a Bass Communion track and a Freiband remix, Steven Wilson and Frans De Waard decided to switch roles. The result was an EP featuring a track by Freiband, titled "Headwind", as well as a remix by Bass Communion, using only the Freiband track as source material, titled "Tailwind".
Due to the success of Haze Shrapnel, Headwind/Tailwind was released as a 3" factory pressed CD rather than as a CD-R, like the majority of My Own Little Label releases, including Haze Shrapnel.
Track listing
References
2008 EPs
Bass Communion albums
Disconnected may refer to:
Film
Disconnected (1984 film), an American psychological slasher film
Disconnected (2021 film), a Hong Kong action drama film
Music
Albums
Disconnected (The Buzzhorn album) or the title song, 2002
Disconnected (Fates Warning album) or the title song, 2000
Disconnected (Faust/Nurse with Wound album) or the title song, 2007
Disconnected (Funkstörung album) or the title song, 2004
Disconnected (Greymachine album), 2009
Disconnected (Stiv Bators album), 1980
Disconnected EP, by Profane Omen, or the title song, 2007
Disconnected, by Beat Union, 2008
Disconnected, by Chipzel, 2010
Disconnected, by Dry Cell, 2002
Disconnected, by the Dial-A-Poem Poets, 1974
Songs
"Disconnected" (Face to Face song), 1993
"Disconnected" (Keane song), 2012
"Disconnected" (Queensrÿche song), 1994
"Disconnected", by Idlewild from Warnings/Promises, 2005
"Disconnected", by Inspector K from the music of the video game In the Groove
"Disconnected", by Julian Lennon from Everything Changes, 2011
"Disconnected", by Lindsay Lohan from Speak, 2004
"Disconnected", by Rancid from Let the Dominoes Fall, 2009
"Disconnected", by the Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, 2007
"Disconnected", by Shy Child from Liquid Love, 2010
"Disconnected", by Simple Minds from Cry, 2002
"Disconnected (Out of Control)", by Trapt from Someone in Control, 2005
See also
Disconnected graph, in graph theory
Disconnected space, the opposite of connected space, in topology
Disconnect (disambiguation)
Disconnection (disambiguation)
The Howell-Garner-Monfee House is a historic house at 300 West Fourth Street in North Little Rock, Arkansas. It is a -story brick structure, with a wide gable roof pierced by gabled dormers. A single-story porch wraps around the east and north sides, with brick posts and a dentil course in the eave. The main entrance is flanked by pilasters and sidelights, with a distinctive transom window that has semi-circular sections joined by a straight section. Built in 1906, it is one of the best-preserved examples of housing built in the city's most fashionable neighborhood of that period.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1906
Houses in North Little Rock, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Pulaski County, Arkansas
1906 establishments in Arkansas
Feldwebel Friedrich Huffzky was a German flying ace during World War I. He was the pilot of the most successful two-seater German fighter crew of the war, scoring nine confirmed aerial victories.
World War I service
Friedrich Huffzky is known to have been assigned to Schlachtstaffel 15 of the Luftstreitkräfte in early 1918 as a Vizefeldwebel. He piloted a Halberstadt CL.II escort fighter. Teamed with Gottfried Ehmann, an experienced gunner who already had three victories verified, Huffzky began his victory streak on 4 June 1918. By 29 July 1918, he had run his string to nine confirmed victories; in the process, Ehmann was credited with a total of 12 wins and became the most successful German gunner of the war. Huffzky was awarded both classes of the Iron Cross for his efforts, and a promotion to Feldwebel.
Endnotes
Reference
Above the Lines: The Aces and Fighter Units of the German Air Service, Naval Air Service and Flanders Marine Corps, 1914-1918. Norman L. R. Franks, Frank W. Bailey, Russell Guest. Grub Street, 1993. , .
German World War I flying aces
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1914), 1st class
Luftstreitkräfte personnel
A gamma probe is a handheld device containing a scintillation counter, for intraoperative use following injection of a radionuclide, to locate sentinel lymph nodes by their radioactivity. It is used primarily for sentinel lymph node mapping and parathyroid surgery. Gamma probes are also used for RSL (radioactive seed localization), to locate small and non-palpable breast lesions.
History
The sentinel node market experienced high growth in the early and mid 1990s starting with melanoma sentinel node surgical search and breast cancer sentinel node staging; both are currently considered standards of care. The use of a radioactive tracer, rather than a coloured dye, was proposed in 1984.
Clinical use
To locate the draining lymph nodes or sentinel lymph node from a breast cancer tumour a Technetium-99m based radiopharmaceutical is common. This may be a nanocolloid or sestamibi. Although imaging with a gamma camera may also take place, the idea of a small gamma probe is that it can be used to identify lymph nodes (or other sites) with uptake at a much higher resolution, during an operation. The probe may be collimated to further restrict the field of detection.
See also
Nuclear medicine
Molecular Imaging
References
External links
Video on SLN
Video on Sentinel Node Mapping in Melanoma
Nuclear medicine
Image sensors
Medical physics
American inventions
Predrag Pavlović (; born 19 June 1986) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Club career
Born in Kruševac, Pavlović made his first football steps at his hometown club Napredak. He would join the youth system of Partizan in 2002, becoming a member of their promising generation, consisting of Nebojša Marinković, Milan Smiljanić and Borko Veselinović, among others. In order to get senior team experience, Pavlović was sent on loan to his parent club Napredak in the 2004–05 season. He returned to Partizan in the summer of 2005, being assigned to their satellite club Teleoptik, before eventually going back on loan to Napredak in January 2006.
In the summer of 2006, Pavlović signed a permanent contract with Napredak, before the club got promoted to the Serbian SuperLiga in 2007. He had a breakthrough season in 2007–08, scoring eight goals in 30 league appearances. After failing to complete his move to Dutch side NEC Nijmegen in August 2008, Pavlović spent two more seasons at Napredak, but struggled to recover his old form.
In the summer of 2010, Pavlović moved abroad to Hungary and signed with Debrecen. He made two cup appearances for the first team, but also played for their reserve team in the Nemzeti Bajnokság II, before being released near the end of the year. In January 2011, Pavlović returned to his homeland, having a six-month stint with Metalac Gornji Milanovac.
On 12 July 2011, Pavlović signed a four-year contract with OFK Beograd. He retired from professional football in October 2013, at the age of 27, due to a long history of injury problems. However, Pavlović came out of retirement in February of the following year by signing with Novi Pazar.
In January 2016, Pavlović moved abroad for the second time and joined Lithuanian side Sūduva Marijampolė. He played one season for the club, helping them reach the national cup final. In January 2017, Pavlović returned to his homeland and joined Mladost Lučani. He would make 108 appearances and score 20 goals across all competitions over the next three and a half seasons.
International career
Pavlović represented Serbia and Montenegro at the 2005 UEFA Under-19 Championship in Northern Ireland. He played the full 90 minutes in all of his team's four games, as they were eliminated by England in the semi-final. Already capped for the Serbia national under-21 team, Pavlović made one appearance at the 2007 UEFA Under-21 Championship, which was hosted in the Netherlands, winning the silver medal.
Pavlović was also a member of the team that represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, but failed to make an appearance. He previously played in two friendlies against China U23.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Sūduva Marijampolė
Lithuanian Cup: Runner-up 2016
Mladost Lučani
Serbian Cup: Runner-up 2017–18
International
Serbia
UEFA Under-21 Championship: Runner-up 2007
Notes
References
External links
HLSZ profile
MLSZ profile
Lietuvos Futbolas profile
A Lyga players
Association football midfielders
Debreceni VSC players
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac players
FK Mladost Lučani players
FK Napredak Kruševac players
FK Novi Pazar players
FK Partizan players
FK Sūduva Marijampolė players
FK Teleoptik players
Footballers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Nemzeti Bajnokság II players
OFK Beograd players
Olympic footballers of Serbia
Second League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Serbia and Montenegro footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Lithuania
Serbian First League players
Serbian footballers
Serbian SuperLiga players
Sportspeople from Kruševac
1986 births
Living people
A variable-frequency transformer (VFT) is used to transmit electricity between two (asynchronous or synchronous) alternating current frequency domains. The VFT is a relatively recent development. Most asynchronous grid inter-ties use high-voltage direct current converters, while synchronous grid inter-ties are connected by lines and "ordinary" transformers, but without the ability to control power flow between the systems.
It can be thought of as a very high power synchro, or a rotary converter acting as a frequency changer, which is more efficient than a motor–generator of the same rating.
Construction and operation
A variable-frequency transformer is a doubly fed electric machine resembling a vertical shaft hydroelectric generator with a three-phase wound rotor, connected by slip rings to one external power circuit. The stator is connected to the other. With no applied torque, the shaft rotates due to the difference in frequency between the networks connected to the rotor and stator. A direct-current torque motor is mounted on the same shaft; changing the direction of torque applied to the shaft changes the direction of power flow.
The variable-frequency transformer behaves as a continuously adjustable phase-shifting transformer. It allows control of the power flow between two networks. Unlike power electronics solutions such as back-to-back HVDC, the variable frequency transformer does not demand harmonic filters and reactive power compensation. Limitations of the concept are the current-carrying capacity of the slip rings for the rotor winding.
Projects
Five small variable-frequency transformer with a total power rate of 25 MVA were in use at Neuhof Substation, Bad Sachsa, Germany for coupling power grids of former East and West Germany between 1985 and 1990.
Langlois Substation in Québec, Canada () installed a 100 MW variable-frequency transformer in 2004 to connect the asynchronous grids in Québec and the northeastern United States. This was the first large scale, commercial variable frequency transformer, and was installed at Hydro-Québec Langlois substation and is located electrically near sixteen hydro generators at Les Cèdres, Quebec and thirty-six more hydro generators at Beauharnois, Quebec. The operating experience since April 2004 has demonstrated the VFT's inherent compatibility with the nearby generators
AEP Texas installed a 100 MW VFT substation in Laredo, Texas, United States () in early 2007. It connects the power systems of ERCOT (in the United States) to CFE (in Mexico). (See The Laredo VFT Project.)
Smaller VFTs are used in large land-based wind turbines, so that the turbine rotation speed can vary while connected to an electric power distribution grid.
Linden VFT
General Electric installed a 3 × 100 MW VFT substation in Linden, New Jersey, in the United States in 2009. It connects the power systems of PJM & New York Independent System Operator (NYISO). This installation is in parallel with three existing phase-shifting transformers to regulate synchronous power flow.
Economics of energy trading
VFTs provide the technical feasibility to flow power in both directions between two grids, permitting power exchanges that were previously impossible. Energy in a grid with lower costs can be transmitted to a grid with higher costs (higher demand), with energy trading. Power capacity is sold by providers. Transmission scheduling rights (TSRs) are auctioned by the transmission line owners.
Financial Transmission Rights (FTRs) are a financial instrument used to balance energy congestion and demand costs.
See also
Induction regulator
References
External links
Power Transmission Without the Power Electronics
Electric power infrastructure
Electric transformers
The Pondville Correctional Center is a minimum security/pre-release Massachusetts state prison. It is located 36 miles southwest of Boston, Massachusetts in the town of Norfolk, Massachusetts. Because this is a minimum security facility, there are no walls or fences to keep prisoners in. Security is maintained by inmate counts and strict accountability procedures. On January 6, 2020, there were 151 inmates in general population beds.
Accreditation
This facility was re-accredited by the American Correctional Association (ACA) signifying and adherence to national standards. In May 2003, PCC was also re-accredited by the National Commission on Correctional Health Care(NCCHC), in conjunction with its privatized medical services.
Prison Address
Pondville Correctional Center
PO Box 146
Norfolk, MA 02056
Covid Cases
Pursuant to the Supreme Judicial Court's April 3, 2020 Opinion and Order in the Committee for Public Counsel Services v. Chief Justice of the Trial Court, SJC-12926 matter, as amended on April 10, April 28 and June 23, 2020 (the “Order”), the Special Master posts weekly reports which are located on the SJC website here for COVID testing and cases for each of the correctional facilities administered by the Department of Correction and each of the county Sheriffs' offices. The SJC Special master link above has the most up to date information reported by the correctional agencies and is posted for the public to view.
References
Buildings and structures in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Prisons in Massachusetts
Eric Leon Swenson (August 4, 1946 – June 20, 2011) was an American skateboard designer and magazine publisher.
Born in San Francisco, Swenson was the chief skateboard designer for the Independent Truck Company, which he co-founded with skateboard entrepreneur Fausto Vitello in 1978. In 1981, he co-founded Thrasher magazine with Vitello. Thrasher is credited with helping to revitalize the popularity of skateboarding during the last two decades of the 20th century. He also played an instrumental role in helping to elevate skateboarding from a hobby into an internationally recognized sport. He was a fan of punk and hard rock, and befriended a number of musicians. Swenson's hobbies included playing guitar and repairing motorcycles and other vehicles, although he did not skateboard himself.
Swenson shot himself in front of a San Francisco police station on June 20, 2011, reportedly to spare his family from discovering his body. He was 64. According to his wife, he had suffered from joint problems for the past several years, aggravated by a leg injury suffered in a 1972 motorcycle accident; in the months prior to his death, the pain was becoming unbearable to him.
References
1946 births
2011 deaths
American magazine publishers (people)
Businesspeople from San Francisco
Suicides by firearm in California
20th-century American businesspeople
2011 suicides
The Air Support to Defence Operational Training (ASDOT), was a proposed programme whereby training in defence for aircrew in the armed forces of the United Kingdom would be provided by a civilian contractor. It was to include all air training undertaken under the umbrella of the Ministry of Defence (MOD); Royal Air Force (RAF), Fleet Air Arm (FAA), the Army Air Corps (AAC) and any units which came under the aegis of Joint Forces Command. The project was originally scheduled to go live in 2020, with training being folded into the programme when existing measures and contracts expired. The project was cancelled in March 2019 and re-launched in October 2021.
Background
The Fleet Air Arm Hawk T1 of 736 Naval Air Squadron were due to be phased out in 2020 and the ASDOT programme would then have assumed training for the Royal Navy. Additionally it was proposed that the Hawk T1 aircraft operated by the RAF's No. 100 squadron would be retired from their aggressor role in 2027, with the capability provided by the ASDOT programme.
Cobham Aviation Services supply fifteen Falcon 20 aircraft to use in the aggressor and electronic warfare role for the RAF and the Royal Navy. These aircraft are based at Bournemouth Airport and Durham Tees Valley Airport. It was expected that these aircraft would be replaced by a newer (or more capable) platform.
History
In June 2016, the Ministry of Defence (MOD) announced the contract detailing the requirements of the future training programme, which was still under review. The purpose was to combine the different training and support packages into one programme as they expired or ran their natural course. As the programme was still in its initial stages, the final details were still undecided until the contract was awarded, but it was proposed to include:
Air-to-air combat training
Air-to-surface training
Joint terminal attack controller and forward air controller training
Electronic warfare
Air Traffic Control
Aerospace Battle Management
Ground Based Air Defence
Live Gunnery
The initial contract was for a £700 million ($917 million) package to "cover the provision of live flying assets and technical capabilities to produce effects in support of training and assurance requirements". The contract, which was expected to start in 2020, was for ten years (though a fifteen-year contract with an additional £300 million–£500 million) was possible from the outset. Baseline training time was expected to be between 5,000 and 6,000 hours per year, but it was not stated whether this was in total or just the aerial phases.
Instructional training on the Typhoon aircraft has utilised civilian personnel before and the advantage of devolving training to private companies is that the MoD only pays for the hours that it uses the service, rather than having their own people on the payroll permanently. Additionally, a spokesperson confirmed that it was also a way of keeping the people who fly the fast-jets in the workstream when they come to leave the services.
Both the Canadian Air Force and the United States Air Force have civilian companies who provide an aggressor role capability (also known as red-air) for their training requirements.
The successful bidder for the contract would have been expected to provide the aggressor capability through its own aircraft. Typically involving some slower airspeed aircraft, but would have also needed fourth generation aircraft that were commensurate with the F-35B Lightning.
The desire was that any aggressor role aircraft should not be something in the current RAF Fleet (such as the Hawk T1) so that pilots "find themselves facing off with aircraft not in the British arsenal, whose capabilities they are unfamiliar with".
The contract was initially estimated to have been awarded in early January 2019, but by 24 January, the bids were still being scrutinised. In March 2019, the MOD announced that they had cancelled the £1.2 billion project. It was unclear whether the project was cancelled completely, or if it would be re-tendered at some point in the future as has indeed now happened.
Contenders
An Invitation to Negotiation (ITN) was issued in September 2018, with four multinational companies expressing interest in the contract:
Babcock Aerospace
Cobham Aviation Services
Leonardo
Thales UK
Each company partnered with at least one other third party in order to deliver the aims of the contract and derive experience and talent from previous associations with military skills. Babcock teamed up with Elbit Systems Limited, whilst Cobham entered into a partnership with Draken International, 3SDL and QinetiQ.
Leonardo teamed up with Top Aces and Inzpire; Top Aces are already contracted to the Canadian government in their Contracted Airborne Training Services (CATS) programme.
Thales announced a deal with QinetiQ in 2016, which would see the Scorpion aircraft deployed on the contract. However in 2018, QinetiQ signed a deal with Cobham. Similarly, Draken International had an understanding with Babcock, but later switched to the Cobham deal too.
Successor programmes
In October 2021, the MOD indicated it was seeking procurement of an adversary air support service from the private sector. Known as the Medium to Fast Speed Operational Readiness Training (ORT) Aerial Support Service, it would include air-to-air, target, threat simulation and mission augmentation training. The programme is an urgent requirement for the RAF, with an operational start required by summer 2022.
On 28th March 2022, the RAF announced that a six year contract to provide these services, now known as the Interim Red Air Aggressor Training Service (IRAATS) was awarded to Draken Europe using a fleet of Aero L-159 ALCA Honey Badgers and Dassault Falcon 20s.
Notes
References
United Kingdom defence procurement
United Kingdom military aircraft procurement program
Lumberton Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Lumberton, Robeson County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 64 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in the central business district of Lumberton. It includes buildings built between about 1840 to 1941 in a variety of popular architectural styles including Classical Revival and Streamline Moderne. Located in the district are the separately listed Carolina Theatre and Planters Building. Other notable buildings include the Proctor Law Office (c. 1840), McLeod Building (1879), (former) National Hotel, (former) Efird's Department Store, Huggins Star Shoe Shop (c. 1895), National Bank of Lumberton (1914), Dresden Cotton Mills Office Building, (former) Lumberton Municipal Building (1917), and Stephens Funeral Home (1936).
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
References
External links
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
Kondwa Sakala-Chibiya is a Zambian lawyer and Vice Chair for the Human Rights Commission, and former President of SADC Lawyers Association. She is a board member of the Centre for Infectious Disease Research in Zambia, and currently serves as a member of the Judicial Service Commission, following her appointment by Hakainde Hichilema.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
K. V. Ushashri Charan is a cabinet minister from Andhra Pradesh, India. She is a leader of the YSR Congress party. She is present MLA of Kalyandurg constituency of Anantapur district.
Career
Earlier she worked as Telugu Desam Party state general secretary of Women's wing. On December 2014, she resigned from this post and joined YSR Congress Party. In 2019 assembly elections she contested from Kalyandurg, won as MLA defeating Uma Maheshwar Naidu of TDP party with 19896 majority. In April 2022 during Cabinet reshuffle she was appointed Minister for women, children, differently-abled individuals, and senior citizen welfare.
References
People from Anantapur district
Living people
Andhra Pradesh MLAs 2019–2024
YSR Congress Party politicians
People from Rayalaseema
1976 births
Charles Keith Reyes Jensen (born January 7, 1988) is a Filipino-American former basketball player who last played for the CLS Knights Indonesia of the ASEAN Basketball League (ABL).
Professional career
PBA
Jensen was selected 8th overall in the 2012 PBA draft by Barangay Ginebra San Miguel.
Jensen would later be traded in the season from Ginebra to Barako Bull for Josh Urbiztondo.
On June 20, 2014 Keith Jensen was traded to GlobalPort Batang Pier in exchange for RR Garcia.
On May 11, 2016, Jensen was traded to the Star Hotshots along with Jonathan Uyloan for center Yousef Taha and for Sophomore Ronald Pascual. However, Jensen did not play a single game for the Hotshots, and on July 30, 2016, he announced that he will be leaving the team to go home to San Diego, where Jensen explains that he will address some personal matters.
ABL
On February 1, 2018, Jensen was signed by ASEAN Basketball League (ABL) club CLS Knights Indonesia, replacing Rudy Lingganay as the team's ASEAN Heritage Import.
PBA career statistics
Correct as of 2016
Season-by-season averages
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barangay Ginebra / Barako Bull
| 31 || 12.6 || .364 || .242 || .562 || 2.1 || .5 || .1 || .1 || 3.1
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barako Bull
| 32 || 16.3 || .478 || .383 || .684 || 1.9 || 1.0 || .2 || .1 || 6.0
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | GlobalPort
| 34 || 20.9 || .410 || .284 || .500 || 3.5 || .9 || .4 || .2 || 6.0
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | GlobalPort
| 28 || 25.0 || .353 || .270 || .705 || 3.4 || 1.3 || 1.0 || .6 || 6.9
|-class=sortbottom
| align=center colspan=2 | Career
| 125 || 18.6 || .402 || .299 || .642 || 2.7 || .9 || .4 || .2 || 5.5
References
External links
NYU profile
1988 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
ASEAN Basketball League players
Barako Bull Energy players
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel draft picks
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel players
Basketball players from San Francisco
Filipino expatriate basketball people in Indonesia
Filipino men's basketball players
NorthPort Batang Pier players
NYU Violets men's basketball players
Small forwards
American sportspeople of Filipino descent
Citizens of the Philippines through descent
The Purabi are a social group of India. Along with the Pachhimi, they make up the two branches of the Tharu caste. The cast is divided into the Barhka Purabi or "upper," and the Chhutka Purabi or "lower" eastern.
Customs
An 1880 record notes:
References
Indian castes
The Pizarreño asbestos disaster is an ongoing health disaster in Chile. Despite the company Pizarreño ceasing to use asbestos in 1998 and the prohibition of asbestos in 2001, its effects continue to be felt.
From 1935 to 1998 the company Pizarreño contaminated its neighborhood and its workers' homes with asbestos while producing toxic building materials. The company's eponymous asbestos boards are the most notorious asbestos-rich material the company produced. In 1951 the Pizarreño moved its manufacture plant to Maipú near the road to Melipilla in the western periphery of Santiago. In Maipú, the company built Villa Pizarreño in the 1950s, a house complex next to the factory for its workers. Pizarreño's workers had to wash their clothes at home, contributing to the spread of asbestos and further exposing their relatives to the mineral. This situation lasted until 1989, when a system for washing clothes in the workplace was inaugurated.
Reportedly, during the military dictatorship of Chile a trade union leader who was to denounce the company in courts was kidnapped by the National Information Center only to be released six months later without charges.
René Cortázar has been accused of actively rejecting the enforcement of the Asbestos Convention while he was minister in 1992. Furthermore, Cortázar has been accused by Raúl Sohr of acting in tandem with Pizarreño in suppressing journalistic investigations into the asbestos issue while he was director of Televisión Nacional de Chile from 1995 to 2000. In 1996 the minister of housing Edmundo Hermosilla continued to support the use of asbestos in housing reportedly claiming that regulation of asbestos would make housing projects for the poor more expensive and that this would be a "luxury" Chile could not afford. Hermosilla would also have been concerned about the possibility of mass media reporting on the issue would usher a "psychosis like in Europe".
As result of the disaster since 2001 various types of asbestos and uses of asbestos have been forbidden by law, in what is an effective ban on asbestos. The ban on asbestos, however, notoriously came after Pizarreño voluntarily stopped use it in its products in 1998.
Notable victims
Eduardo Miño. He committed suicide by self-immolation in November 2001 in protest of the neglect of asbestos victims like himself and others.
Julieta Bernal Trigo. She died in May 2016 of lung cancer. She was exposed by her proximity to the Pizarreño industry and washing her father's, who worked in Pizarreño, clothes. In 2018 a court ordered Pizarreño pay 125 million Chilean pesos in indemnity to her surviving family.
Manuela del Carmen Marín Cabello. She died in July 2012. She was exposed to asbestos coming both from the general environment near her house and from the clothes of her husband who worked in Pizarreño. In 2017 courts ruled Pizarreño to pay 80 million Chilean pesos as indemnity to her sons.
Patricia Gálvez. As a child she lived in the asbestos-ridden environment next to Pizarreño and played at times in asbestos dunes near her house. As of 2019 she was suffering from pleural mesothelioma, resulting from asbestos exposure. Together with three other women adversely affected by asbestos she has sued Etex Group, the owner of Pizarreño.
Notes
References
Asbestos disasters
Health disasters in Chile
Corporate scandals
Journalistic scandals
Environmental controversies
History of Santiago, Chile
Scandals in Chile
Man-made disasters in Chile
Wilfred Harry Bleaden (6 March 1887 – 30 August 1965) was a British athlete. He competed in the men's long jump at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
References
1887 births
1965 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
British male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Sportspeople from Aberdeen
Isoxys (meaning "equal surfaces") is a genus of extinct, pelagic bivalved Cambrian arthropod; the various species of which are thought to have been freely swimming predators. It had a pair of large spherical eyes (which are the most commonly preserved feature of the soft-bodied anatomy), and two large appendages It is possible that these appendages are homologous to the great appendages of radiodonts and megacheirans.
Ecology
Isoxys was abundant in tropical seas, and may have had a global distribution. Eyes of different specimens appear to have been adapted to different light intensities; one specimen of I. auritus was either crepuscular in shallow water, or lived in waters around 140 m below the sea surface; whereas another was morphologically adapted to a diurnal light intensity in shallow waters. It is likely that Isoxys was a visual predator that hunted swimming above the seafloor. It had powerful prehensile frontal appendages and large spherical eyes. Isoxys could propel itself by beating possibly 14 flippered swimming legs (setose exopods) and steer with a flap-like tail (or telson). Some species are likely to have vertically migrated up and down the water column based on their carapace morphology, like many modern marine invertebrates.
Species
There are a number of species of Isoxys. I. volucris is the most abundant in the Sirius Passet locality; I. auritus is found in China. In addition to a single specimen of I. longissimus, 163 specimens of I. acutangulus – making a total of 164 specimens of Isoxys are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed, where they comprise 0.31% of the community.
Taxonomy
Isoxys is thought to be one of the basalmost known arthropods, showing a combination of traits characteristic of more primitive stem-group arthropods like radiodonts, like lacking an arthrodized (sclerotized and jointed) trunk exoskeleton, with those of modern arthropods, like possessing sclerotized and jointed (arthropodized) biramous limbs. It is one of two genera within the family Isoxyidae, alongside Surusicaris. A close relationship to the bivalved arthropods Tuzoia and Duplapex has been proposed based on the similarities of some aspects of their carapaces.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
External links
Burgess Shale fossils
Cambrian arthropods
Burgess Shale animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Paibian
Cambrian genus extinctions
Wheeler Shale
Paleozoic life of the Northwest Territories
The University of the East Graduate School offers degree programs in Business, Teacher Education, Public Administration, Library Science, Environmental Science and Medicine.
History
The Graduate School of University of the East first started with the organization of the Graduate School of Business followed later by the Graduate School of Education.
The Graduate School of Business was organized in 1948 in response to the clamor of accounting graduates of UE for a graduate degree. The first program offered was a one-year master's degree course in accounting which was later superseded by two-year programs in Master in Business Administration (MBA) and Master of Arts in Economics (MA Economics). This curricular change aimed at meeting the increasing demand for trained professionals in business and industry as well as in developing well-equipped and intellectual leaders in this profession. Later the degree programs in MBA for executives and MBA for practitioners were instituted.
On the other hand, the Graduate School of Education, which was established in 1963, primarily aimed to develop high scholarship and leadership in the field of teacher education.
With the influx of students from all over the country as well as foreign students from neighboring nations, the two Graduate Schools reached the peak of their popularity in the 1970s, thus, turning that decade into their “golden age.”
In 1982, the two graduate schools were merged into one with Dr. Milda Ang as its first dean. The merger led to a centralized Graduate School unit in the University under the leadership of succeeding Deans, namely, Dr. Isidro Cariño, Dr. Arturo Trinidad, Dr. Rosario Lamug, Dr. Teresita Pascual, Dr. Josefina R. Cortes, Dr. Rosario E. Maminta and Dr. Danilo M. Yanga.
The former Dean of the Graduate School is Dr. Rosario E. Maminta, a respected specialist in Applied Linguistics trained at the UCLA in the United States and the University of British Columbia in Canada. A former Commissioner of the National Language Commission, she took over the Deanship from Dr. Josefina R. Cortes, who became UE President and who is an expert in development education with a Ph.D. from Stanford University. Dr. Cortes relinquished her position upon her appointment as Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs and subsequently as President.
The present Dean, who assumed office last June 1, 2004, is Dr. Danilo M. Yanga. A former Dean of the College of Science at the University of the Philippines Diliman, he is a respected physicist and a holder of Ph.D. in Physics degree.
At present, the Graduate School offers degree programs in Business, Teacher Education, Public Administration, Library Science and Environmental Science.
Graduate programs
College of Dentistry (CDent)
Doctor of Dental Medicine (DMD)
Pre-Dentistry Program (two school years)
College of Law (CLaw)
Juris Doctor (JD) - Bar Refresher Course (a two-semester course)
Graduate school
Doctor of Business Administration (DBA)
Major in Financial Management
Major in Human Resource Management
Major in Marketing Management
Major in Production/Operations Management
Doctor of Education (Ed.D.)
Major in Educational Administration and Leadership
Master in Business Administration (MBA)
Major in Entrepreneurship
Major in Financial Management
Major in Marketing Management
Major in Operational and Supply Chain Management
Major in Human Resource Management
Major in Tourism and Hospitality Management
Master in Information Management (MIM) - in coordination with the UE College of Computer Studies and Systems
Master of Science in Construction Management (MSCM)
Master in Education
Major in Biological Science
Major in English
Major in Filipino
Major in History
Major in Mathematics
Major in Physical Education
Major in Political Science
Major in Pre-Elementary School Teaching (Early Childhood Education)
Master of Arts in Education (MAEd.)
Major in Educational Administration
Major in English as a Second Language
Major in Filipino
Major in Guidance
Master of Public Administration (MPA)
Major in Human Resource Administration
Major in Fiscal Administration
Major in Public Policy and Program Administration
Master of Science (MSES)
Major in Environmental Science
Master of Library and Information Science (MLIS)
Master of Science in Dentistry (MScD)
Specialization in Endodontics
Specialization in Orthodontics
Specialization in Periodontics
Specialization in Prosthodontics
Master in Engineering Science
Master of Science in Accountancy (MSA)
Major in Management Accounting
Major in Internal Auditing
Major in Taxation
Master in Accountancy (MA)
Major in Management Accounting
Major in Internal Auditing
Major in Taxation
Master of Science in Dental Education (MSDE)
UERMMMC Graduate School
Further Information: UERMMMC
Master of Science in Nursing
Master of Science in Public Health
Master of Science in Clinical Medicine
Master of Science in Internal Medicine
Diploma Course in Diabetes Studies
See also
University of the East
UERMMMC''
References
University of the East http://www.ue.edu.ph
University of the East Graduate School http://www.ue.edu.ph/manila/gs.htm
External links
University of the East
University of the East Graduate School
Graduate School
Business schools in the Philippines
Graduate schools in the Philippines
Educational institutions established in 1948
1948 establishments in the Philippines
Wonnegau is a Verbandsgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the district Alzey-Worms, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It takes its name from the larger historical area Wonnegau, which covers the southern part of Rhenish Hesse. The seat of the Verbandsgemeinde is in Osthofen.
The Verbandsgemeinde Wonnegau consists of the following Ortsgemeinden ("local municipalities"):
Bechtheim
Bermersheim
Dittelsheim-Heßloch
Frettenheim
Gundersheim
Gundheim
Hangen-Weisheim
Hochborn
Monzernheim
Osthofen
Westhofen
Verbandsgemeinde in Rhineland-Palatinate
Jim Hughes (born December 11, 1933) is a former Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1957. He played college football at San Jose State University and was selected in the 1956 NFL draft by the Cleveland Browns.
References
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
San Jose State University alumni
1933 births
Living people
Zoltán Agócs (24 April 1938 Fiľakovo, Czechoslovakia – 14 February 2018, Senec, Slovakia) was an architect and professor from Czechoslovakia with Hungarian ancestry.
Biography
He matriculated in Lučenec at the Building Trade High School in 1957. He finished his master's degree as an architect in 1962 at the Architectural Department of Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava After finishing his studies at the university, he started to teach there. From 1982 he became an associate professor; from 1990 he was a professor. He was a senior lecturer and from 1994 to 2000 he was the vice-dean of Architectural Department. He wrote several course books and monographies. He was the member of several scientific groups, from 1998 he was the honorary professor of Technical University of Timișoara.
Works
As a researcher he worked with the structure of ropes, questions regarding theoretical and structural fields. Other field of his work was the architectural usage of steel structures. He took part planning of several bridges in Czechoslovakia and Hungary. He was one of the patrones of the reconstruction Mária Valéria Bridge connecting Štúrovo and Esztergom.
His most recognised work was the planning of Apollo Bridge of Bratisaval.
Books
Torsion of Steel Beams (Together with: Iványi M., Balázs I., 1990)
Diagnostikovanie a rekonštrukcia oceľových konštrukcií (together with: J. Brodniansky, J. Vielan, 2004)
Honours
Ányos Jedlik Prize (2000)
Ľudovít Štúr Prize degree III. (2000)
Prize for Hungarian Art (2002)
Saint Gorazd Great Memorial Placket (2003)
Sources
Szlovákiai Magyar Adatbank
Elhuny Agócs Zoltán professzor, hirek.sk
Further information
Miroslav Maťaščík, Agócs Zoltán: Apollo, a pozsonyi új Duna-híd, Magyar Tudomány, 2008/04 429. o.
1938 births
2018 deaths
Hungarians in Slovakia
People from Fiľakovo
Hungarian architects
Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava alumni
The Sheer Heart Attack Tour was the second headlining concert tour, and first world tour by the British rock band Queen, and supported their 1974 album Sheer Heart Attack.
Background
The year 1974 had started with their first trip outside of Europe and an appearance at the Sunbury Music Festival in Australia. Although the band headlined the event on 2 February, their appearance the next day was canceled. In March, the band commenced on their first headlining tour of the United Kingdom to promote their new album Queen II, and then embark on their first trip to the USA. Once again, they supported Mott The Hoople on a four-week tour beginning in April. The band paid more attention to their look on stage and employed the services of Zandra Rhodes to design some of their costumes, such as Freddie Mercury and Brian May's white and black wingsuits. Queen's supporting stint came to an abrupt halt, however, when May collapsed from hepatitis after the New York show on 11 May, and they all had to fly home so that he could recover.
The band were soon back on the road and commenced their second tour as the headlining act, with nineteen concerts at eighteen different venues around the UK. The band rotated supporting acts, and the setlist contained much of the material from the new album Sheer Heart Attack. With more money to invest in a new stage show, the band wore new costumes for this tour and added an additional lighting rig, complete with state of the art stage effects. To conclude Queen's touring for the year, they extended the leg with mainland European shows, consisting of ten shows in six countries, performing over a two-and-a-half-week period. The year 1975 started with the American leg of the tour, before transferring to Japan. The tour would have been longer, but an accident involving the truck that transported their equipment meant it was not able to reach the remaining scheduled venues, which would have been a second American leg for the tour. In late February, on the North American tour, a handful of shows is cancelled due to Freddie Mercury's voice failing on him. After several doctor's visits, he was diagnosed with vocal fold nodules, which would impact him for the rest of his life. With this, several more shows were cancelled to allow for a more lenient touring schedule for his voice.
There were slight differences between the European, North American and Japanese sets. The Japanese shows were a bit longer; the band added Doing All Right to the set, extended Killer Queen to include the second verse, and added See What A Fool I've Been to the end of some shows as well as reviving Hangman on the final night of the tour, almost certainly due to the warm welcome they received from the Japanese fans. Additionally, for the North American leg, Seven Seas of Rhye was dropped from the setlist due to it picking up little attention from listeners.
The band planned to return to the United States in late 1975 to play arena shows, however these were all cancelled, most likely due to Queen wanting to distance themselves from Trident and switching managers to John Reid. The shows most likely wouldn't have been profitable, seeing as Queen didn't tour arenas in the United States until 1977.
Opening acts
Hustler
Lynyrd Skynyrd
Kansas
Mahogany Rush
Kayak
The Storm
Argent
REO Speedwagon
Bloodrock
Styx
Set list
The following are average setlists for the respective legs of the tour.
{{hidden
| headercss = background: #ccccff; font-size: 100%; width: 100%;
| header = Europe
| content = #"Procession"
"Now I'm Here"
"Ogre Battle"
"Father to Son"
"White Queen"
"Flick of the Wrist"
"In the Lap of the Gods"
"Killer Queen"
"The March of the Black Queen"
"Bring Back That Leroy Brown"
"Son and Daughter"
"Keep Yourself Alive"
"Seven Seas of Rhye"
"Stone Cold Crazy"
"Liar"
"In the Lap of the Gods... Revisited
Encore
"Big Spender"
"Modern Times Rock 'n' Roll"
"Jailhouse Rock"
"God Save the Queen"}}{{hidden
| headercss = background: #ccccff; font-size: 100%; width: 100%;
| header = North America
| content = #"Procession"
"Now I'm Here"
"Ogre Battle"
"Father to Son"
"White Queen"
"Flick of the Wrist"
"In the Lap of the Gods"
"Killer Queen"
"The March of the Black Queen"
"Bring Back That Leroy Brown"
"Son and Daughter"
"Keep Yourself Alive"
"Stone Cold Crazy"
"Liar"
"In the Lap of the Gods... Revisited
Encore
Big Spender"
"Modern Times Rock 'n' Roll"
"Jailhouse Rock"
"See What A Fool I've Been"
"God Save the Queen"}}{{hidden
| headercss = background: #ccccff; font-size: 100%; width: 100%;
| contentcss = text-align: left; font-size: 100%; width: 100%;
| header = Japan
| content = #Procession"
"Now I'm Here"
"Ogre Battle"
"Father to Son"
"White Queen"
"Flick of the Wrist"
"Doing Alright"
"In the Lap of the Gods"
"Killer Queen"
"The March of the Black Queen"
"Bring Back That Leroy Brown"
"Son and Daughter"
"Keep Yourself Alive"
"Seven Seas of Rhye"
"Stone Cold Crazy"
"Liar"
"In the Lap of the Gods... Revisited
Encore
"Big Spender"
"Modern Times Rock 'n' Roll"
"Jailhouse Rock"
"See What A Fool I've Been"
"God Save the Queen"}}
Tour dates
Cancelled shows
External links
QueenConcerts.com – Sheer Heart Attack Tour
Notes
References
1974 concert tours
1975 concert tours
Queen (band) concert tours
Concert tours of Europe
Concert tours of North America
Concert tours of Japan
is a railway station in the city of Murakami, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Murakami Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line, and is 59.4 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Niitsu Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one side platform and one island platform connected by a footbridge. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office.
Platforms
History
Murakami Station opened on 1 November 1914. The station building was rebuilt in 1964. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 1663 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Murakami City Hall
Murakami Post Office
Murakami General Hospital
Senami Onsen
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Murakami, Niigata
The marsh seedeater (Sporophila palustris) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is sexually dichromic, with the males sporting a bright white throat, grey crown and chestnut belly, and the females resembling other brown female seedeaters.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay. It is migratory, breeding in wet grasslands and marshes around Uruguay and Argentina and migrating northwards in the austral winter to wet and dry grasslands in southern Brazil.
It is threatened by habitat loss, trapping for the pet trade, and pesticides. It is currently protected across most of its range and several protected areas may help safeguard this species.
The Entre Ríos seedeater
A rare seedeater very similar to this species breeds in the Entre Ríos province of Argentina, and a few individuals have been found in Corrientes province and in southern Brazil, eastern Paraguay, and southeastern Uruguay. It has been listed as a separate species, Sporophila zelichi (Narosky 1977), the Entre Ríos, white-collared, Zelich's, or Narosky's seedeater. Differences are that it has a wide white collar all the way around the neck; the back is chestnut, not grey; and the rufous of the belly is darker than the marsh seedeater's. However, its status has been controversial since its discovery; some have suggested that it is a color morph of the marsh seedeater or the chestnut seedeater, or a hybrid between the two. The few recorded songs are the same as those of the marsh seedeater. Accordingly, the American Ornithologists' Union's South American Classification Committee voted in 2008 to remove S. zelichi from their list, with two voters favoring the suggestion that it is a morph of the marsh seedeater. Following them, it is considered to belong to the marsh seedeater here.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
If zelichi is a separate species, it is critically endangered.
References
BirdLife International (2007). Species factsheet: Sporophila palustris. Downloaded from http://www.birdlife.org on 29/4/2008
marsh seedeater
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Uruguay
marsh seedeater
marsh seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Liberal Movement may refer to:
Liberal Movement (Australia), a political party in South Australia
Liberal Movement (Lithuania), a political party in Lithuania
This is a page with information on deaths that have occurred during motorsport events. Auto racing is a dangerous sport by its nature and has seen a large number of deaths. The number of deaths, however, has fallen in recent years as safety standards and car construction has improved. A prime example of this is in Formula 1, where deaths were a regular occurrence earlier in the history of the series but have now improved to the point where there has been only one death since 1994. Deaths in motorsport overall are still a tragic regular occurrence however, with motorcycle racing suffering more instances than car racing. This is largely due to the nature of motorcycle riding and lack of protection it affords a rider in the event of a crash. Deaths in motorsport can be categorised as follows.
Driver deaths in motorsport
This section covers all driver deaths in car or truck racing events. These have either taken place at racing circuits or oval racing venues. Deaths in all series and in all types of vehicles are included, from club or national level series to high-profile events like Formula 1 and Champ Car.
Rider deaths in motorcycle racing
This covers rider deaths in all forms of motorcycle racing. This includes all circuit and road racing events of any level. High-profile events like Moto GP and the Isle of Man TT are included alongside other international, national or club level events.
Driver and co-driver deaths in rallying events
Rallying is an offroad motorsport, generally featuring a number of timed stages on varying surfaces to crown an overall winner. Deaths in this form of motorsport often occur when the car leaves the road and crashes into something on the roadside or suffers a significant fall. Deaths at all levels are included, from national events to major events like the World Rally Championship and the Dakar Rally
References
Motorsport
IndieCade is an international juried festival of independent games. IndieCade is known as "the video game industry's Sundance." At IndieCade, independent video game developers are selected to screen and promote their work at the annual IndieCade festival and showcase events. In 2009, IndieCade launched a conference track featuring classes, panels, workshops, and keynotes. The conference has since become a major attraction for indie developers and others in the industry.
Background
IndieCade was formed by Creative Media Collaborative, an alliance of industry producers and leaders founded in 2005. IndieCade's board of advisors includes (among others) Seamus Blackley, Tracy Fullerton, Megan Gaiser, Andy Gavin, Carl Goodman, John Hight, Robin Hunicke, Henry Jenkins, Richard Lemarchand, Frans Mayra, Jamil Moledina, Janet Murray, Robert Nashak, Carolyn Rauch, Kellee Santiago, Keita Takahashi, Will Wright (game designer), and Eric Zimmerman. IndieCade founder is Stephanie Barish, Festival Chair is Celia Pearce, and Festival Director is Sam Roberts.
The festival started as part of E3 before being spun off as an independent event in Bellevue, Washington. In 2009 the festival moved to Culver City, where a Twitter game and an "urban" scavenger hunt were part of the festivities.
The Indiecade festival is the only stand-alone festival for independent games in the United States, and open to the public. Games are submitted for consideration to the IndieCade festival jury in the early spring and a selection of finalists for the culminating annual IndieCade festival is determined and announced by the fall. Additional games from the pool of IndieCade submissions are showcased at a variety of events each year around the world. 2009 IndieCade showcase events included E3, the Ottawa International Animation Festival (OIAF) partnered with the IndieCade organization "that focuses on independent games and works to cultivate innovation and artistry in interactive media" in 2009, and an independent video gaming ("IndieCade Europe") festival has been held in the United Kingdom in 2007-2009 at Gamecity. In 2016 IndieCade Europe was rebooted and took place in that year and 2017 in Paris, where it will return in 2018.
Location and Dates
In 2009, IndieCade moved its flagship stand-alone festival from Bellevue, Washington to Culver City (Los Angeles), California. Each year, IndieCade "invades" downtown Culver City to create a "city-sized arcade". The festival transforms a central blacktop parking lot on Main Street, leveraging the open space by building temporary structures that host parties, individual games, and planned and spontaneous Big Games.
Festival events
Showcase
The IndieCade showcase is the heart of the IndieCade festival and consists of approximately 40 finalist games selected for their creativity, unique vision, and technological innovation. The showcase involves both digital and physical games.
Previously, the main showcase was known as the "Game Walk" with several games exhibited in various locations across downtown Culver City: the fire station, NextSpace coworking offices, and the Gregg Fleishman Studio, all turned into temporary galleries for the festival. It is free and open to the public.
Night Games
Night Games is IndieCade's most popular signature event, an evening centered large-scale physical and hybrid games played outside after dark. Examples of game types include single-player experiences played on a giant screen in front of an audience (SuperHyperCube), multiplayer games that use only certain mechanics such as glowing wands or laser pointers (Johann Sebastian Joust, Renga), and large performance pieces involving many players (Humanoid Asteroids). IndieCade promotes Night Games to feature the beauty and innovation of modern game design in all forms, outside the label of what are commonly perceived to be "traditional" games.
Big Games
The Big Games program serves as an extension to IndieCade's mission to promote games of all kinds. Big Games are large, multi-player games played outside and involving physical activity, and range to include technology, tactics, and personal interaction. Big Games are curated by on-site docents, and presents projects such as Ninja (a turn based game of tag), Reality (an Alternate Reality game), and Meatspace Invasion (a mixed virtual/real-world tag/shooting style game). It is free and open to the public.
Annual events
The first IndieCade Mobile 3D Game Jam was hosted in Los Angeles at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division on August 6–7, 2011. During the two-day event, 12 teams began the process of creating a fully functional 3D mobile game for the LG Thrill 4G. 6 finalists were chosen to go on to the next round of refining their games in order to compete for the LG Mobile 3D Award at the Red Carpet Award Ceremonies.
The first annual IndieCade Holiday Party took place at Riot Games (League of Legends) headquarters in Santa Monica on December 14, 2011. The fundraiser featured postcard art sent in by the community, available for sale by silent auction. The art show was curated by Glitch Lab. Notable art contributors were Pendleton Ward (creator of Adventure Time), Jason Torchinsky, as well as Amanda Williams and Katherine Rubenstein.
IndieCade awards ceremony
Approximately 40 games each year are selected to exhibit at GameWalk. The finalists are eligible to compete in IndieCade's Red Carpet Awards. Audience Choice and Developer Choice Awards are announced separately during the festival's Closing Party.
Awards categories include:
Best In Show
Best Story/World Design
Best Technology
Best Gameplay Design
Best Visuals
Best Sound
Best Interaction
Community Impact
Special Recognition
See also
Independent Games Festival
References
External links
Animation film festivals in the United Kingdom
Animation film festivals in the United States
Festivals established in 2005
Indie video game festivals
Phratochronis is an extinct genus of chroniosuchid reptiliomorph from upper Permian (upper Roadian age) mudstone deposits of Dashankou locality, Xidagou Formation of China. It was first named by Jin-Ling Li and Zheng-Wu Cheng in 1999, from a maxilla and premaxilla with almost complete dentition (IGCAGS V 364). The type species is Phratochronis qilianensis. The generic name means “brothers of a clan” ( in Greek) + “late” () in reference to its taxonomic position, and the specific name referring to the chain of mountains where the type specimen was found.
References
Chroniosuchians
Permian tetrapods
Prehistoric tetrapod genera
Fossil taxa described in 1999
Permian animals of Asia
Rocky Hill is an unincorporated community in Barren County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
William Settles, Rifle Maker, founded Rocky Hill in 1798. A post office called Rocky Hill was established in 1825, and remained in operation until 1911. The community's name most likely is a transfer from Fauquier County, Virginia, the native home of a share of the early settlers.
References
Unincorporated communities in Barren County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Hayri Sevimli (born 22 February 1991) is a German former professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Career
Sevimli made his professional debut for Carl Zeiss Jena in the 3. Liga on 2 October 2010, coming on as a substitute in the 68th minute for Josip Landeka in a 3–1 home loss against Hansa Rostock.
Personal life
Sevimli was accused of attacking and injuring a ticket inspector in Jena with a glass bottle on 14 November 2010 together with fellow Carl Zeiss Jena youth player Ömer Cay. The Jena public prosecutor's office were investigating the situation involving Cay and Sevimli. Following the incident, Carl Zeiss Jena temporarily suspended Sevimli from play and training operations.
References
External links
Carl Zeiss Jena II statistics at Fussball.de
1991 births
Living people
Footballers from Bremen
German footballers
Association football midfielders
VfB Oldenburg players
VfL Osnabrück players
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
3. Liga players
Tundama or Saymoso (15th century - Duitama, late December 1539) was a cacique of the Muisca Confederation, a loose confederation of different rulers of the Muisca who inhabited the central highlands (Altiplano Cundiboyacense) of the Colombian Andes. The city of Tundama, currently known as Duitama and part of the Tundama Province, Boyacá, were named after the cacique. Tundama ruled over the northernmost territories of the Muisca, submitted last by the Spanish conquistadores.
Tundama was killed late December 1539 with a large hammer by Spanish conquistador Baltasar Maldonado. His successor, Don Juan was killed shortly after, ending the reign of the Muisca in the New Kingdom of Granada, the name for present-day Colombia and a part of Venezuela in the Spanish Empire.
Knowledge about Tundama has been compiled by scholar Lucas Fernández de Piedrahita.
Background
In the time before the Spanish conquest of central Colombia, there were several main rulers and several independent caciques who governed the Muisca. From south to north the psihipqua of Muyquytá, the hoa of Hunza, the iraca of Sugamuxi and the psihipqua of Tundama were the ruling elites of the area. Duitama in those ages was a lake surrounded by hilltops. On the hill La Tolosa the tundama lived in a bohío (hut) ornamented with golden figures.
Biography
Tundama was the last cacique of Duitama and the caciques of Cerinza, Chitagoto, Icabuco, Lupacoche, Sátiva, Soatá and Susacón were loyal to him. When a new iraca for Sugamuxi had to be elected alternating between the caciques of Firavitoba and Tobasía, the cacique of Tundama intervened in case of conflict.
Spanish conquest and death
In 1536 the Spanish conquistadores led by Licentiate Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada set foot towards the interior of modern-day Colombia from Santa Marta. looking for the beginning of the Magdalena River, and a land path ro Peru, and equipped with approximately 800 soldiers, an unknown number of native companions, black slaves, and dozens of horses they started their march to the Andes along the Magdalena River. The Spanish troops arrived first in the southern Muisca territories, in the early March of 1537. From there they marched north and in August of that year they conquered Hunza, a capital of the northern Muisca. They were informed of the sacred Iraka Valley around Sugamuxi and found the Sun Temple which soldiers of De Quesada burned by accident in September 1537.
Saymoso got notice of the submission of the neighbouring indigenous groups, the Panche, Guane and others and told his guecha warriors not to bow for the Spanish invaders. When one of his warriors suggested surrender was the best option, Tundama cut off his ears and left hand. The cacique declared a "death war" against the Spanish and gathered an army of 10,000 guecha warriors.
To keep the conquistadores away, he sent a delegation of his people with emeralds, gold and mantles to offer the Spanish with the promise that Tundama would surrender bringing eight more of these. Gaining time, Tundama hid his treasures and prepared the defence of Tundama.
On December 15, 1539, captain Baltasar Maldonado, a companion of Jiménez de Quesada (who had already left for Europe, to give account in Spain), entered the territories of Tundama and offered him a peace proposal if he would surrender. Tundama, informed by the Spanish murders of psihipqua Tisquesusa and hoa Eucaneme, did not accept and Maldonado attacked Tundama and his army on the island in Vargas Swamp, where 280 years later the Battle of Vargas Swamp by Simón Bolívar would be fought. Maldonado, enforced with 2000 yanakunas; natives from Peru and allied people from Muyquytá and Ramiriquí, was accompanied by the Muisca whose ears and hand had been cut off by Tundama. The Spanish conquistador with his weapons, cavalry and the inside knowledge of the earless Muisca killed 4000 guecha warriors of Tundama. Seeing this battle was fruitless, Tundama fled to Cerinza to ally with the cacique from there and prepared a new attack on the Spanish and indigenous troops, losing again. The caciques of northern Boyacá convinced Tundama to not fight anymore and Tundama surrendered to the Spanish troops. Maldonado demanded huge quantities of gold and emeralds to pay his loss to the Spanish. When handing over the valuables, Maldonado deemed the payments not enough and before the end of the year Maldonado killed Tundama with a large hammer.
After Tundama was killed, according to the Muisca tradition of inheritance, his nephew Don Juan took over the role of cacique. He was killed shortly after, ending the era of the Muisca in northern Boyacá. The last independent of the Muisca, Aquiminzaque, was killed by public decapitation by Hernán Pérez de Quesada in January 1540. Native caciques continued ruling their towns, working together with a Spanish encomendero.
Tundama in Muisca history
See also
Spanish conquest of the Muisca
Muisca
Muisca Confederation
iraca
References
External links
Animated video about Tundama
Muisca rulers
History of Colombia
Year of birth unknown
1539 deaths
15th century in Colombia
16th century in Colombia
16th-century South American people
Warriors of Central and South America
Duitama
People from Boyacá Department
Muysccubun
Kauniainen railway station (, ) is a station on the VR commuter rail network located in the town of Kauniainen, Finland. The station building was designed by architect Bruno Granholm, and it was built in 1908. The station building was heavily damaged in a fire on 2008-08-30.
Connections
118N (Jorvi-Kamppi, nighttime)
224 (Tuomarila-Leppävaara)
533 (Järvenperä-Matinkylä)
548 (Jupperi-Tapiola)
549 (Jorvi-Tapiola)
References
External links
Railway station
Railway stations in Uusimaa
Railway stations opened in 1908
1908 establishments in the Russian Empire
This is a timeline of incidents in 1999 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1999-related lists
1999
1999
William David Hill (October 1, 1833 – December 26, 1906) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Early life and career
Born in Nelson County, Virginia, Hill attended the country schools and Antioch College.
He moved to Springfield, Ohio, and published the Ohio Press in 1858.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1859 and commenced practice in Springfield, Ohio.
He served as mayor of Springfield 1861-1863.
He served as member of the State house of representatives 1866-1870.
He served as member of the Board of Education of Defiance, Ohio.
Superintendent of insurance 1875-1878.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1880 and 1888.
Congress
Hill was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1879 – March 3, 1881).
Hill was elected to the Forty-eighth and Forty-ninth Congresses (March 4, 1883 – March 3, 1887).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Territories (Forty-ninth Congress).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1886 to the Fiftieth Congress.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law in Defiance, Ohio.
He moved to Kalispell, Montana, in 1891.
He returned to Defiance in 1896 and continued the practice of law.
City solicitor of Defiance 1903-1905.
Death
He died near Litchfield, Illinois, while en route to Los Angeles, California, December 26, 1906.
He was interred in Riverside Cemetery, Defiance, Ohio.
Hill was married June 3, 1862, to Augusta B. March, and had four daughters.
References
Sources
1833 births
1906 deaths
People from Defiance, Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
Antioch College alumni
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Journalists from Ohio
People from Nelson County, Virginia
Mallotus pleiogynus is a species of the spurge family (Euphorbiaceae). It is found in New Guinea.
pleiogynum
2010 Consadole Sapporo season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Consadole Sapporo
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo seasons
Arklow () is a barony in County Wicklow, Republic of Ireland.
Etymology
Arklow barony derives its name from the town of Arklow (from Old Norse Arnkells Lág, "Arnkell's land". The Irish name means "large estuary.")
Location
Arklow barony is located in southeastern County Wicklow, opening onto the Irish Sea, containing Wicklow Head, Mizen Head and Arklow Head.
History
The Uí Garrchon in the north and the Uí Enechglaiss in the south are noted in Arklow barony from about the 7th century. This was part of Ó Broin country after the 12th century, referred to as Crioch Branach.
List of settlements
Below is a list of settlements in Arklow barony:
Arklow
Glenealy (southern part)
Redcross
References
Baronies of County Wicklow
The Colonial Quarter (previously known as the Colonial Spanish Quarter) is a site in St. Augustine, Florida. After an extensive multimillion-dollar renovation completed in three months, the site opened as the Colonial Quarter in March 2013.
History of Colonial Spanish Quarter
In 1963 the Colonial Spanish Quarter was opened as a living museum depicting life in St Augustine in the 1740s. In the 1740s Spain ruled the area and St. Augustine was occupied mostly by persons born in Spain or of Spanish ancestry. This living history museum operated until fall 2011 on a site owned by the University of Florida and managed by the City of St. Augustine.
Colonial Quarter Rebranding Project
In September 2012, Colonial Quarter LLC, owned by Pat Croce, who also owns the adjacent St. Augustine Pirate & Treasure Museum, and the University of Florida signed an agreement allowing Colonial Quarter LLC to operate the site.
Work began on the site, renamed Colonial Quarter, dropping "Spanish" from the name. By November 2012 a sign outside the site announced the project would open in spring 2013, which it did on March 16, 2013.
Since then, the Colonial Quarter has become one of the city's premier live music venues. Noted for its outdoor stage and open area picnic table seating covered with trees and lit by lanterns, local bands perform here nightly.
References
External links
Colonial Quarter
Museums in St. Augustine, Florida
Living museums in Florida
Pre-statehood history of Florida
Acando (previously AcandoFrontec) was a software, information technology, database and web design consulting firm based in Stockholm Sweden, also operating in Norway, Finland, Denmark and Germany. It counted around 4000 employees when it was acquired by CGI in 2019.
History
Founded in 1999, Acando provides consultancy in information technology and Software as a Service (SaaS). As of March, 2008, AcandoFrontec services over 250 clients and employs over 30 people.
In 2004, AcandoFrontec acquired Edge Consulting. Edge Consulting was a software consulting firm founded in 1999, with 15 employees.
In 2006, Acando Frontec acquired Resco. The company renamed as Acando.
In 2014, Acando acquired Connecta.
In 2019, Acando was acquired by CGI.
Services
Acando consulted with companies on information technology projects and Software-as-a-Service, and built software applications including web sites.
Acando was a reseller and integrator of NetSuite's ERP/Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Software-as-a-Service applications. Acando was a Microsoft .NET solution provider and Oracle partner.
Acando provided consultancy in project leadership, analysis, design and development for software projects of any size. In addition to web design and software development, Explore also offers Business Intelligence (BI), Data Warehousing design and development and mobile systems design and development.
Awards and Industry Recognition
In 2007, Acando was named to the Inc. 5000, ranking 3,520 nationally, with a three-year average annual sales growth of 83.8%. Also in 2007, Explore was named to the Puget Sound Business Journal's 100 Fastest-Growing Private Companies in Washington State, ranking 42 out of 100, with a three-year average annual sales growth of 83.8%.
See also
AccuSystems
References
External links
Official website
Information technology consulting firms
Software companies of Sweden
Companies based in Stockholm County
May Mahlangu (born 1 May 1989) is a South African professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for FC Aksu.
Club career
Early career
Mahlangu joined the Stars of Africa Academy at age 15 and played for their team Alexandra United FC.
Helsingborgs IF
Bo Nilsson was the manager of Allsvenskan club Helsingborgs IF in 2008 and through his connections with the academy he brought over Mahlangu to Sweden. Nilsson set it up so that Mahlangu would train with both Helsingborg and fourth tier club IFK Hässleholm each day, and that he would initially play league games for Hässleholm. After impressing in the Swedish lower leagues, Helsingborg decided to permanently make him a part of their squad in the summer of 2009. In 2011 the club won the Swedish league and Mahlangu was given the player of the year award.
IFK Göteborg
On 4 March 2014 Mahlangu joined Allsvenskan club IFK Göteborg on a one-year contract.
Konyaspor
May Mahlangu signed with Konyaspor in January 2015 as a free transfer. On 28 February 2015, Mahlangu scored his first league goal against Fenerbahçe.
Ludogorets Razgrad
Mahlangu signed a contract with Ludogorets Razgrad in August 2018, but saw limited action for the team.
Ordabasy
In 2019 he joined Ordabasy on loan before signing permanently with the Kazakh side in 2020.
International career
In January 2012, Mahlangu made his debut for the South Africa national football team in a friendly against Equatorial Guinea. He was also included in South Africa's squad for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations.
In November 2014, Mahlangu was banned from selection for the Bafana Bafana after failing to turn up for their 2015 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers against Sudan and Nigeria, citing fatigue.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Scores and results lists South Africa's goal tally first.
Honours
Helsingborgs IF
Allsvenskan: 2011
Svenska Cupen: 2010, 2011
Svenska Supercupen: 2011, 2012
Dinamo Bucharest
Cupa Ligii: 2016–17
Individual
Allsvenskan Player of the Year: 2011
References
External links
Profile at HelsingborgsIF.se
Profile at Eliteprospects.com
1989 births
Living people
People from Govan Mbeki Local Municipality
South African soccer players
South Africa international soccer players
South African expatriate soccer players
South African expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Association football midfielders
Helsingborgs IF players
IFK Göteborg players
Konyaspor footballers
Sint-Truidense V.V. players
FC Dinamo București players
PFC Ludogorets Razgrad players
FC Ordabasy players
Allsvenskan players
Division 2 (Swedish football) players
Süper Lig players
Belgian First Division A players
Liga I players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
2013 Africa Cup of Nations players
IFK Hässleholm players
was a professional wrestling event promoted by World Wonder Ring Stardom. The event took place on July 8, 2022, in Tokyo, Japan at the Shinagawa Intercity Hall, with a limited attendance due in part to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic at the time.
Background
The "New Blood" is a series of events which mainly focus on matches where rookie wrestlers, usually with three or fewer years of in-ring experience, evolve. Besides wrestlers from Stardom, various superstars from multiple promotions of the Japanese independent scene are invited to compete in bouts that are usually going under the stipulation of singles or tag team matches.
The show featured seven professional wrestling matches that resulted from scripted storylines, where wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches. The event's press conference took place on June 14, 2022 and was broadcast live on Stardom's YouTube channel.
Event
The entire event was broadcast live on Stardom's YouTube channel. In the opening match, Donna Del Mondo's Mai Sakurai defeated Ganbare Pro-Wrestling's Yuuri. Next, God's Eye member Ami Sourei defeated World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana's Nanami by way of submission. After Mirai and Suzu Suzuki's match ended in a draw, the latter kept on challenging Giulia as part of her still ongoing feud with her at the moment. Mai Sakurai appeared on behalf of Giulia, and then Risa Sera was summoned by Suzuki, a fact that hinted at a tag team match between the Donna Del Mondo and Prominence's unit members on further notice. After Ram Kaicho defeated Waka Tsukiyama in the fifth match, Rina of Oedo Tai came up to challenge Kaicho to a tag team match in the future. After Mirai's match against Suzu Suzuki, a backstage video was shown where World of Stardom Champion Syuri got attacked by Prominence's bodyguard Hiragi Kurumi. The show concluded with Giulia defeating rookie Miyu Amasaki in a singles match as the result of the main event.
Results
References
External links
Page Stardom World
2022 in professional wrestling
2022 in Tokyo
World Wonder Ring Stardom shows
Professional wrestling in Tokyo
MovieScore Media is a Swedish record label devoted to original film scores, founded in 2005 by former film music journalist Mikael Carlsson. The label has produced over 500 soundtrack albums, focusing primarily on scores composed by up and coming composers and from smaller, independent feature films. However, the label has also released soundtracks by established composers, including Academy Award-winning composers Dario Marianelli and Gabriel Yared, Grammy Award-nominated composer Ryan Shore, Basil Poledouris and Michael Kamen and Ivor Novello Award-winning composer Francis Shaw, as well as from films and television shows by bigger studios and companies, such as Warner Bros., BBC and Constantin Film.
In 2011, MovieScore Media launched a sub-label devoted exclusively to music from horror films, Screamworks Records, with the release of Stake Land by Jeff Grace as its first album.
In terms of distribution strategies, MovieScore Media was first introduced as an online label dedicated to digital distribution, primarily via Apple's iTunes Store, only. In 2007, the label expanded its business to include limited edition of CDs in addition to the established digital distribution. In 2021, the label's catalogue was acquired by Symphonic Distribution for worldwide digital distribution.
MovieScore Media has been nominated for the 'Film Music Record Label of the Year' award by the International Film Music Critics Association eleven times. Screamworks Records' release of Ryan Shore's soundtrack for The Shrine, received a 2012 Grammy Award nomination for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media.
References
External links
MovieScore Media (official web site)
Internet Movie Database
Swedish record labels
Record labels established in 2005
2005 establishments in Sweden
Si Nan National Park () is a national park in Thailand's Nan Province. This mountainous park is home to steep cliffs and a long section of the Nan River. It was established on May 25, 2007.
Geography
Si Nan National Park is about south of the town of Nan in the Wiang Sa, Na Noi, and Na Muen districts of Nan Province. The park's area is . The park's highest point is the Khao Khun Huai Huek peak at . The Nan River flows for about through the park.
Attractions
Pha Chu, Pha Hua Sing, and Doi Samer Dao offer scenic views of the park's mountainous terrain. Kaeng Luang is a popular rafting spot along the Nan River.
Flora and fauna
The park features forest types including deciduous and mixed. Tree species include Irvingia malayana, krabak, Malabar ironwood, makha, Xylia xylocarpa, Dalbergia oliveri and Vitex pinnata.
The park serves as a sanctuary for animal species, some endangered, including tiger, leopard, fishing cat, wild boar, mouse deer, masked palm civet and treeshrew.
References
National parks of Thailand
Geography of Nan province
Tourist attractions in Nan province
is a video game in the Hamtaro game series for Game Boy Advance developed by Pax Softnica and published by Nintendo, as the sequel to Tottoko Hamutaro: Tomodachi Daisakusen Dechu and Hamtaro: Ham-Hams Unite!. It was the second Hamtaro game released in America and Europe, but the third released in Japan. It was released in Japan on May 3, 2002, in North America on April 8, 2003, and in Europe on June 27, 2003. Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Heartbreak was followed by Hamtaro: Rainbow Rescue.
Like its predecessors, Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Heartbreak is an adventure game. Set in the world of the Hamtaro books and anime, the player controls the hamster ("Ham-Ham", as the hamsters tend to call themselves) Hamtaro. The game expands on the gameplay of the earlier titles by adding Bijou, a friend of Hamtaro who has a crush on him, as a partner. Together, they have to save the other hamsters' relationships from Spat, an evil hamster with a hatred for any kind of relation.
Synopsis
Storyline
At the start of the game, Hamtaro is having a nightmare. A hamster dressed in a black devil costume holding a trident is destroying the relations of various hamsters. Then, the hamster notices Hamtaro and attempts to attack him. Hamtaro is awakened by Boss, to whom he tells his dream. Hamtaro later finds Bijou, and the two of them must stop Spat and fix the problems he has made.
Characters
Being of the Hamtaro franchise, Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Heartbreak features many characters (hamster anthropomorphs) also seen in the books and anime. Many of them need help, like Pashmina and Penelope, but some, like Boss and Snoozer, also offer help. Apart from the main cast, the game also features several new Ham-Hams only seen in it, including the antagonist, Spat, and his opponent, Harmony. However, hamsters aren't the only characters in the game as it features other animals as well.
Setting
The game takes place in the "normal world". However, because hamsters are quite small, the world appears to be bigger. Sunflowers, grass, acorns and human toys all are larger than they would've been from a human perspective.
Gameplay
The goals in Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Heartbreak are to defeat Spat once and for all and to repair all the destroyed relations. A third quest, that supports those two, is to obtain all the "Ham-Chats". Ham-Chats are words, but also much more than that. At the start of the game, Hamtaro accidentally causes almost all the Ham-Chats in his Ham-Ham Dictionary to vanish, starting the hunt to fill the dictionary. Each Ham-Chat represents both a word (for communicating) and an action and/or motion. For instance, Lookie means to look. It is one of the most common Ham-Chats in the game, and solely has an action function. In that sense, action Ham-Chats often come with the necessary item (which is part of the Ham-Chat motion and doesn't show up in the inventory) and therefore, go another way than other adventure games in which the player already has all the actions available, but still has to get the required items. The other kind of Ham-Chat can only be used in conversations. A Ham-Chat like Perksie (Listen) for instance, only has value for conversations. New Ham-Chats are necessary to gain access to new parts of a conversation and get another Ham-Ham to do or give something.
Apart from Ham-Chats, the player also is required to obtain items (like a more conventional adventure game), though most of them are merely needed to complete minigames/side-quest. They are divided in inventory items, songs, currency and gems. Inventory items function like they do in any other adventure game and need to be combined with the Ham-Chats in order to proceed.
As in its predecessor, Ham-Hams Unite, this game allows you to put together the actions for Ham-Chat words to create dances, with a room just for this purpose in the Clubhouse. In Ham-Ham Heartbreak, however, there is an additional feature relating to "Ham-Jams."
You can pick up a variety of items such as sunflower seeds on the ground by selecting hif-hif or digging for them with digdig. Rocks can also be found in this game, but they serve a different purpose in Heartbreak. You can take the rocks and polish them in the RubRub Room in order to uncover gems.
Reception
Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Heartbreak received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. It was praised for reflecting the personality and wit of the show, but was criticized for being a bit repetitive.
Notes
References
External links
Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Heartbreak at NinDB
2002 video games
Adventure games
Game Boy Advance games
Game Boy Advance-only games
Hamtaro (video game series)
Nintendo games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Ahmad Syamim Bin Yahya (born 17 May 1990, in Raub) is a Malaysian professional footballer currently playing as a winger for Melaka United in Malaysia Super League.
Early life
Syamim was born in district of Raub, Pahang, on 17 May 1990. He studied at Sekolah Teknik Bentong and has represented the school, district and state in football competitions. After finishing high school, he attended a course at Institut Kemahiran Mara in Kampung Pandan. At the same time, he also played in Raub district league.
Club career
Johor
In 2012, at the age of 22, Syamim participated in the selection of the Johor and successfully made it through the selection and be part of Johor team. That was how his career as a professional footballer began. He played a year for Johor FA before the team merged with Johor FC to reform as JDT. He was released, and Peter Butler signed him up for T team before the 2013 campaign began. A year later he joined Felda where Irfan Bakti managed to dig the best out of him.
Felda United
In January 2014, Syamim signed with Jengka based club, Felda United playing in Malaysian second tier league, Malaysia Premier League. He spent 3 seasons with Felda United before leaving to Pahang in January 2017. While playing for the team, he was injured and spent a lot of time off the field.
Pahang
On 21 January 2017, during league campaign, Syamim scored one goal during his debut with Pahang playing against Perak in Ipoh. Syamim who joined Pahang FA this season, was a winger for Felda United in the last two seasons. He scored six goals in 2015 but only managed two in an injury-plagued season last year.
Returned to Felda
After a season with Pahang blighted by injury. Syamim re-signed with Felda for 2018 and the team became champions of the 2018 Malaysia Premier League
Terengganu F.C.
After one amazing season winning the second-tier league with Felda United, Syamim decided to join Terengganu for the 2019 season.
Bad Boy attitude
Syamim was known for his style of play with tough tackler and dirty challenged. In 25 February 2017, he was fined RM 500 by the FAM after showing middle finger to somebody during match against Melaka United. Shamim later apologize over his action, he said that he's just joking with his old-friend whom now play for Malacca and stated it's not about raged or anger.
Career statistics
Club
International
International career
In May 2015, Syamim has been selected to represent Malaysia XI in 2015 AIA Cup competition against English Premier League club, Tottenham Hotspur. The match took place on 27 May at the Shah Alam Stadium. Malaysia XI lost the match by a score of 2–1.
Honours
Clubs
Felda United
Malaysia Premier League: Runner-up; 2014
Malaysia Super League: Runner-up; 2016
References
External links
1990 births
Malaysian footballers
People from Pahang
Living people
Sri Pahang FC players
Felda United F.C. players
Terengganu F.C. II players
Johor Darul Ta'zim F.C. players
Malaysia Super League players
Malaysia international footballers
Association football midfielders
Farrokhabad (, also Romanized as Farrokhābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 38 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
StarTimes Sports is a chain of pay-television sports broadcasting channels operated by StarTimes in sub-Saharan Africa.
History
StarTimes first foray into sports broadcasting was in 2012, when it purchased a package of Italian Serie A games to air one a week on its StarTimes KungFu channel. In 2013 StarTimes purchased a package to air one French Ligue 1 game everyweek also on its StarTimes KungFu channel.
On 19 July 2014, StarTimes Sports 2 was launched as the first channel in the StarTimes Sports channel chain.
This was informed due to StarTimes taking in more sporting content as its satellite TV service expanded.
The new channel was to air football games from the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying tournament, the French Ligue 1 and 2014 International Champions Cup.
On 1 June 2015, StarTimes added a third sports channel to the chain, StarTimes Sports Premium, this was after StarTimes Sports Focus was added earlier in the year.
Later on, in August 2015, StarTimes Sports Life and World Football were added to the StarTimes EPG bringing the total number of StarTimes Sports channels to five.
StarTimes Sports 2 has since been rebranded to StarTimes Sports Arena.
StarTimes Sports channels also serve as a home for some football club tv channels in sub-Saharan africa, some of which include Barça TV, Roma TV, Chelsea TV, Arsenal TV, MUTV, Dortmund TV and Juventus TV. StarTimes Sports broadcasts a variety of other sporting events apart from association football, ranging from tennis, cricket, rugby, badminton, table tennis, motorsport, boxing and volleyball.
List of channels
StarTimes Sports Focus (Sub Saharan Africa exp. South Africa) HD simulcast
StarTimes Sports Arena (Sub Saharan Africa exp. South Africa) HD simulcast
StarTimes Sports Life (Sub Saharan Africa exp. South Africa) HD simulcast
StarTimes Sports Premium (Sub Saharan Africa exp. South Africa) HD simulcast
StarTimes World Football (Sub Saharan Africa exp. South Africa) HD simulcast
Sports 1 (South Africa only) HD simulcast
Sports 2 (South Africa only) HD simulcast
Sports 3 (South Africa only) HD simulcast
StarTimes Sports Focus
StarTimes Sports Focus is a channel which broadcasts sports news, highlights and interviews. Its programming also includes, rugby and table tennis.
It also acts as a spill over channel for association football when necessary.
StarTimes Sports Arena
StarTimes Sports Arena is the chain's home for fight events, airing events from promotions like ONE Championship, Bellator MMA, Cage Warriors, Glory (kickboxing) and World Boxing Council.
It is also used as a spill over channel for German Bundesliga and French Ligue 1.
StarTimes Sports Life
StarTimes Sports Life airs the Chinese Super League and Liga MX. It also airs golf, volleyball and X Games. It has aired tennis and cricket in the past and also French Ligue 1.
StarTimes Sports Premium
StarTimes Sports Premium airs a variety of sports, mainly from association football which include Bundesliga, Ligue 1, UEFA Europa League, UEFA Euro Qualifying tournaments and FIFA World Cup and its qualifiers. It has aired Italian Serie A in the past.
The channel also airs Basketball events like FIBA World Cup and its qualifiers and the AfroBasket tournament.
Motorsport also airs on the channel, from events like Formula E and World Rally Championship.
Since 1st, September 2020, it has broadcast programmes exclusively in French. It acts as a French Language simulcast for most football events broadcast on World Football channel and it also serves as the home for the Spanish Laliga on Startimes
StarTimes World Football
StarTimes World Football is a football only channel.
It is the home of the Bundesliga on StarTimes, but also airs Ligue 1, Serie A, FIFA World Cup, UEFA Nations League, FIFA World Cup qualifiers, International Champions Cup, FIFA World Club Cup, UEFA Europa League, FA Cup, Copa del Rey and Coppa Italia.
Sports 1, 2 & 3
Sports 1, Sports 2 and Sports 3 are StarTimes Sports channels carried on StarTimes' South African subsidiary, StarSat.
They basically carry the same programming with the channels in the rest of Sub Saharan Africa, except for the UEFA Europa League and FIFA events which are held by rivals SuperSport in South Africa.
Sports coverage
Football (soccer)
FIFA World Cup
FIFA Women's World Cup
FIFA Club World Cup (2015–2018)
FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup
Copa America
UEFA European Championship
UEFA Nations League (2020—present)
European Qualifiers (Euro and World Cup Qualifying)
UEFA Europa League (2018–2021)
African Cup Of Nations
African Nations Championship
CAF Champions League
CAF Confederations Cup
AFC Champions League
AFC Cup
AFC Asian Cup qualifiers
Bundesliga (2015–Present)
DFL-Supercup (2015–Present)
Ligue 1 (2013–2019)
Coupe de la Ligue (2018–2019)
Emirates FA Cup (2019–2021)
FA Community Shield (2019–2021)
Serie A (2015–2018)
Coppa Italia (2015–Present)
Supercoppa Italiana (2015–Present)
La Liga (2020–Present)
La Liga SmartBank (Promotion Play-Offs only)
Copa del Rey (2020–present)
Supercopa de España
Liga MX (2020—present)
Chinese Super League (2016–present)
International Champions Cup (2014–2019)
Ghana Premier League(2018—present)
Uganda Premier League
Zambia National Division One
Kenyan Premier League
Canadian Premier League (2020)
Basketball
FIBA Basketball World Cup
FIBA Women's Basketball World Cup
Afrobasket
AfroBasket Women
FIBA Under-17 Basketball World Cup
FIBA Basketball World Cup qualification(Africa Zone/ Involving African Teams)
Motorsport
Formula E
WRC
Extreme E
Macau Grand Prix
British Superbike Championship
WTCR
ERC
Rugby
Premiership Rugby
Athletics
World Athletics Relays
Valencia Marathon
Aquatics
FINA World Aquatics Championships
Tennis
Hopman Cup
ATP Tour 250
Davis Cup
Fed Cup
Diriyah Tennis Cup
Cricket
Bangladesh Premier League
Pakistan Super League
European Cricket League
Boxing
World Series of Boxing
WBC Boxing
WBO Boxing
Top Rank
World Boxing Super Series
Volleyball
FIVB Volleyball World League
Table tennis
Table Tennis World Cup
ITTF World Tour
World Table Tennis Championships
Badminton
BWF World Tour
Golf
PGA Tour Highlights
LPGA of Korea Tour
Solheim Cup
Kickboxing
Glory
Enfusion
Mixed Martial Arts
Bellator MMA
Bare Knuckle Fighting Championship
ONE Championship
Cage Warriors
Fight Nights Global
Wrestling
Major League Wrestling
Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide
TNA The Greatest Matches
World of Sport Wrestling
Impact Wrestling
Studio broadcasters/Presensters
See also
StarTimes
StarSat
References
External links
Television in Africa
Sports television networks
Martin Gaziev (; born 13 August 1988 in Gotse Delchev) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Maritsa Plovdiv.
Career
Gaziev played youth football at Lokomotiv 101 in Sofia five years before being scouted by Lokomotiv Plovdiv. He joined Lokomotiv Plovdiv as a youth player at the age of 16.
Gaziev started his senior career at Brestnik 1948 and played also for Benkovski Pazardzhik and Lokomotiv Septemvri, before moving to Pirin Gotse Delchev on 20 June 2011.
After playing six months at Pirin, Gaziev signed for First Macedonian League club Rabotnički Skopje on 1 February 2012.
On 11 July 2017, Gaziev returned to Pirin Razlog.
On 7 January 2018, Gaziev signed with Sozopol. He left the club at the end of the 2017–18 season.
References
External links
Profile at lpfc.net
Living people
1988 births
People from Gotse Delchev
Bulgarian footballers
Association football midfielders
PFC Pirin Gotse Delchev players
FK Rabotnički players
FC Pirin Razlog players
FC Sozopol players
FC Maritsa Plovdiv players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Macedonian First Football League players
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in North Macedonia
Sportspeople from Blagoevgrad Province
Pleurotus australis, the brown oyster mushroom, is a gilled fungus native to Australia and New Zealand. It is found on dead wood. Although morphologically similar to some other Pleurotus fungi, it has been shown to be a distinct species incapable of cross-breeding.
See also
List of Pleurotus species
References
External links
Biological Species in Pleurotus: ISG XIV. Pleurotus australis at University of Tennessee-Knoxville Mycology Lab
Pleurotaceae
Fungi described in 1887
Fungi native to Australia
Fungi of New Zealand
Edible fungi
The 1995–96 season was Paris Saint-Germain's 26th season in existence. PSG played their home league games at the Parc des Princes in Paris, registering an average attendance of 37,353 spectators per match. The club was presided by Michel Denisot and the team was coached by Luis Fernandez. Bernard Lama was the team captain.
Players
As of the 1995–96 season.
Squad
Out on loan
Transfers
As of the 1995–96 season.
Arrivals
Departures
Kits
German automobile manufacturer Opel was the shirt sponsor. American sportswear brand Nike was the kit manufacturer.
Competitions
Overview
Trophée des Champions
Division 1
League table
Results by round
Matches
Coupe de France
Coupe de la Ligue
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup
First round
Second round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
As of the 1995–96 season.
Appearances and goals
|-
!colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"|Goalkeepers
|-
!colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"|Defenders
|-
!colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"|Midfielders
|-
!colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"|Forwards
|-
!colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"|Players transferred / loaned out during the season
|-
References
External links
Official websites
PSG.FR - Site officiel du Paris Saint-Germain
Paris Saint-Germain - Ligue 1
Paris Saint-Germain - UEFA.com
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. seasons
Paris Saint-Germain
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup-winning seasons
Datascope Analytics, or Datascope, is a data-driven consulting and design firm based in Chicago, IL. The firm was founded in 2009 by co-founders Mike Stringer and Dean Malmgren after the two realized the lodes that could be extracted from data science. In addition to analyzing massive amounts of data, the firm builds useful tools for people, organizations and companies to learn from data, and be more quantitative in how they approach different problems. Their data science services include strategy consulting, software development and training.
History
Datascope was founded in 2009 by Mike Stringer and Dean Malmgren. Stringer received a BS in Engineering Physics from the University of Colorado and a PhD in Physics from Northwestern University. Malmgren received a BS from the University of Michigan and a PhD in Chemical and Biological Engineering from Northwestern University, where he was a research fellow alongside Stringer. It was during their time at Northwestern that they began to realize the lodes that could be extracted from data science, more specifically, the useful tools they can provide people, organization and companies.
The company has worked with industry leaders like Thomson Reuters, Procter & Gamble, Motorola, Kaplan, Daegis, and the Detroit Pistons, to emerging tech companies and nonprofits.
In 2011, Datascope began the Data Science Chicago Meetup, which now has over 3,635 members, as well as Data Science Madison, founded in 2014, which currently has 363 active members. The group discussions range from tutorials on new technologies and their applications to success stories from practitioners, as well as cutting-edge academic data science and social activities. In 2016, they founded a Chicago Women in Machine Learning and Data Science team. The Meetup discusses machine learning and data science in an informal setting with the purpose of learning about top-notch research and technology, while building a community around women in these fields.
In 2014, Datascope launched a data science boot camp for New York-based Metis, part of the Kaplan education network, helping others accelerate their data science careers. Datascope helped create the curriculum. Recently, Kaplan expanded their data science boot camp into the San Francisco and Chicago market, still utilizing Datascope's curriculum as a basis.
Culture
Bootstrapped since their inception, Datascope worked out of Northwestern University's Farley Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation their first year in business. Unlike most companies that have predetermined hierarchy, Datascope quickly adopted a completely flat company structure, which gives each employee the same monthly salary, and allows each employee the opportunity to take on a leadership role. These roles are chosen based on whichever employee finds a particular project to be the most mentally and creatively stimulating. To ensure this, Datascope custom-built an operating agreement to retain a flat organizational structure that reflects the company's culture.
References
Analytics companies
Companies based in Chicago
Pope County is the southeasternmost county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 4,470, making it the second-least populous county in Illinois. Its county seat is Golconda. The county was organized in 1816 from portions of Gallatin and Johnson counties and named after Nathaniel Pope, a politician and jurist from the Illinois Territory and State of Illinois.
History
The first permanent settlement in future Pope County was established in 1798 at the modern-day site of Golconda, then a part of the Northwest Territory which operated as a ferry point across the Ohio River. The county was formed in 1816 from portions of Gallatin and Johnson Counties.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water.
The entire county is hilly and during rainy weather rivulets cascade down the hills in the park forming waterfalls of varying sizes and heights. The county contains Dixon Springs State Park, one of many state parks in the Illinois Shawnee Hills, and is part of the Shawnee National Forest. It is bordered to the south and east by the Ohio River, which marks the state's border with Kentucky.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Golconda have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in August 2007. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in May.
Major highways
Illinois Route 34
Illinois Route 145
Illinois Route 146
Illinois Route 147
Adjacent counties
Saline County - north
Hardin County - east
Livingston County, Kentucky - southeast
Massac County - southwest
Johnson County - west
Williamson County - northwest
National protected area
Shawnee National Forest (part)
Demographics
As of the 2010 census, there were 4,470 people, 1,829 households, and 1,209 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,491 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 91.7% white, 6.0% black or African American, 0.6% American Indian, 0.2% Asian, 0.5% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 31.8% were German, 19.1% were Irish, 11.4% were English, and 5.4% were American.
Of the 1,829 households, 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were married couples living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.9% were non-families, and 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.72. The median age was 46.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,672 and the median income for a family was $51,500. Males had a median income of $45,865 versus $28,519 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,134. About 6.6% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
In its early days Pope County, being strongly Southern in its culture and opposed to Northern Illinois, was powerfully Democratic, giving a majority to that party in every pre-war Presidential election.
However, during the Civil War, under the influence of Congressman John A. Logan, this region of dubious initial loyalty was to provide a number of Union soldiers rivalled on a per capita basis only by a few fiercely Unionist counties in Appalachia.
Stephen A. Douglas in 1860 remains the last Democrat to win a majority of the county's vote, although Bill Clinton won pluralities in both 1992 and 1996 due to Ross Perot siphoning votes from Republican opponents George Bush senior and Bob Dole. Hillary Clinton in 2016 fared extremely poorly, carrying fewer than eighteen percent of Pope County's votes.
Communities
City
Golconda
Village
Eddyville
Unincorporated communities
Allens Spring
Bay City
Brownfield
Dixon Springs
Glendale
Hamletsburg
Herod
Homberg
Lusk's Ferry
McCormick
New Liberty
Rising Sun
Notable people
James Lusk Alcorn (1816-1894), born near Golconda, American Civil War general in the Confederate Army
John R. Hodge (1893-1963), born in Golconda; Military Governor of South Korea preceding the Korean War and Commanding General of the U.S. Third Army
C. L. McCormick (1919-1987), born in McCormick, Illinois state representative and businessman
Green B. Raum (1820-1909), born in Golconda, American Civil War general in the Union Army
James A. Rose (1850-1912), born in Golconda, Illinois Secretary of State
Mason Ramsey (2006-), born in Golconda, star of viral video “Walmart Kid Singing” and country singer
See also
Dixon Springs State Park
Ku Klux Klan in Southern Illinois
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pope County
Ohio River
Shawnee National Forest
References
External links
http://genealogytrails.com/ill/pope/cohist.htm
http://www.fs.fed.us/r9/forests/shawnee
Illinois counties
1816 establishments in Illinois Territory
Populated places established in 1816
Illinois counties on the Ohio River
Pope County, Illinois
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Peder Per Veggum (11 April 1768 – 15 April 1836) was a Norwegian artist associated with the decorative folk art of Rosemaling. He was primarily known as a skilled and prolific rose painter (norsk rosemaler), but he was also a cabinet carpenter and woodcarver.
Veggum was born at Nord-Fron in Oppland, Norway. He was the son of Ole Olsen Leine (1726-1801) and Lisbet Nilsdatter Bjorge (1736-1813). He grew up in Vågå and apprenticed at Roros in Sør-Trøndelag. From 1797 he settled at Sel in the traditional region of Gudbrandsdal, where he practiced cabinetmaking, wood carvings and floral paintings. He made and decorated cabinets, pantry, chests, and boxes.
References
Related reading
Blanck, Helen Elizabeth (1975) Rosemaling: the beautiful Norwegian art (Saint Paul, MN: Woodland Park Fine Arts)
Edwards, Sybil (1994) Decorative folk art: exciting techniques to transform everyday objects (London: David & Charles)
Miller, Margaret M.; Sigmund Aarseth (1974) Norwegian rosemaling : decorative painting on wood (New York City: Scribners)
Ellingsgard, Nils (1999) Norsk rosemåling – Dekorativ måling i folkekunsten (Oslo, Det norske samlaget)
External links
Rosemåling Historikk
1768 births
1836 deaths
People from Nord-Fron
18th-century Norwegian painters
19th-century Norwegian painters
Norwegian male painters
19th-century Norwegian male artists
The Italian regional elections of 16 April 2000 were won by the Pole for Freedoms coalition, led by Silvio Berlusconi.
Due to the electoral defeat suffered by The Olive Tree coalition, D'Alema resigned as Prime Minister of Italy.
Overall results
Regional councils
Presidents of the regions
Results by region
Piedmont
Lombardy
Veneto
Liguria
Emilia-Romagna
Tuscany
Umbria
Marche
Lazio
Abruzzo
Molise
Campania
Basilicata
Apulia
Calabria
References
External links
Ministry of the Interior – Electoral Archive
Elections in Italian regions
2000 elections in Italy
April 2000 events in Europe
Hutan Kampung Highway, Federal Route 175(Formerly Kedah State Road K5, ), is a major highway in Alor Star, Kedah, Malaysia.
List of junctions and towns
Highways in Malaysia
Tōru (Toru, Tooru, Touru or Tohru) is a male Japanese given name. There are some females with the name, and it can be expressed with several kanji. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese actor
, Japanese karateka
, Japanese water polo player
, Japanese politician
, Japanese manga artist
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese actor, voice actor and narrator
, Governor of Osaka Prefecture
, Japanese ice hockey player
, Japanese video game designer
, Japanese former sumo wrestler
, Japanese astronomer
(born 1977), Japanese badminton player
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese voice actor and narrator
, Japanese ice hockey player
, Japanese actor, voice actor and narrator
, Japanese manga artist
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese computer network researcher and businessman
, Japanese racing driver
, Japanese software entrepreneur
, Japanese composer and writer on aesthetics and music theory
, Japanese politician
Toru Toyoda, A perpetrator of the Tokyo subway sarin attack
, Japanese guitarist
, Japanese professional wrestler
, Japanese tennis player
, Japanese footballer and manager
, Japanese Researcher
Fictional characters
Tooru, in A Channel
Tohru, in Jackie Chan Adventures
Tohru, a character in Kare First Love
Tohru, the titular draconian servant in Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid
Toru, also known as Todd Snap, in the Pokémon anime
Toru, in Chris Bradford's Young Samurai
Tohru Adachi, from the game Persona 4
Tooru Amami, in The World God Only Knows
Toru Asakura, in The Idolmaster Shiny Colors
Toru, the main antagonist of JoJolion
Toru Egawa, in Business as Usual, a Finder Series fanfiction by Kadzuki_Fuchoin
, in My Hero Academia
Tōru Hikawa (Tory Froid) in MegaMan NT Warrior
Tohru Honda, in Fruits Basket
Toru Kazama (Kazama-kun), in Crayon Shin-chan
Toru Kouno, in Princess Princess
Tohru Mutou, in Shiki
Tōru Mutsuki, in Tokyo Ghoul: re
Toru Narita, in Hot Gimmick
Tooru Oikawa, in Haikyū!! with the position of captain and setter from Aoba Johsai High
Toru Okada, in The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle
Toru Oshikiri, in the series of the same name by Junji Ito
Tōru Rikiishi, in Ashita no Joe
Toru Sato, in the game Need for Speed: Most Wanted
Tohru Suidohbashi, of Machine Robo Rescue.
Toru Tokugawa, in The Grimnoire Chronicles, by Larry Correia
Tōru Watanabe, in Norwegian Wood
Tōru Yasunaga, in The Decay of the Angel
See also
Toru (disambiguation)
Japanese name
Japanese masculine given names
Japanese unisex given names
Fiona Fuller McFarland (born 1985) is an American politician from Florida. She serves in the Florida House of Representatives representing the 72nd district, which covers parts of Sarasota. She was elected on November 3rd, 2020, defeating lawyer Drake Buckman by 9.2 points, (9,285 votes) and assumed the office the next day. She is a member of the Republican Party.
Military service and political career
McFarland joined the United States Navy in June 2008 after attending the United States Naval Academy, earning a BS in political science and international relations. She served in the navy until 2016, when she then, and still serves in the navy reserves.
In June 2019, McFarland announced that she would be running to unseat the incumbent Democratic representative Margaret Good in the 72nd district of the Florida House of Representative. However, in July 2019, Good announced that she would be running to unseat Vern Buchanan in the race for Florida's 16th congressional district. During the Republican primary, McFarland faced local hospital board member Donna Barcomb and attorney Jason Miller. McFarland widely outspent both primary opponents but narrowly won the primary by 1.2 points (263 votes). She defeated attorney Drake Buckman in the general election.
References
1985 births
Living people
Florida Republicans
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Florida
21st-century American women politicians
21st-century American politicians
United States Naval Academy alumni
University of North Carolina alumni
Laveran is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the southern pole. The crater is located in between the prominent craters Schrödinger, Zeeman, Ashbrook, and South of De Forest. Laveran was adopted and named after French physician Charles Louis Alphonse Laveran by the IAU in 2009.
References
External links
LAC-144 area – Map of southern lunar pole
Impact craters on the Moon
The Oregon Historic Trails Advisory Council is an agency of the U.S. state of Oregon that oversees and provides advice on Oregon's sixteen historic trails, which include trails used in the 19th century by explorers and pioneer emigrants to the region as well as trails associated with the original Native American inhabitants. The council, a division of the Oregon State Parks and Recreation Department, was created by the executive order of Governor Kitzhaber in 1998 and consists of nine volunteer members.
History
In 1984, an Oregon Trail Advisory Council was formed by executive order of Governor Atiyeh. In 1988, the council published Our Oregon Trail: A Report to the Governor. In December 1990, Governor Roberts responded to the report by supporting the founding of the Oregon Trail Coordinating Council (OTCC) as an independent nonprofit corporation, and called on the council to plan activities for the 1993 Oregon Trail sesquicentennial celebration. The OTCC had anticipated dissolving after the commemoration, but the sesquicentennial highlighted the success of its programs and the state continued to support the group while expanding its mandate to include other Oregon historic trails, so the OTCC postponed its dissolution until at least 1995. The same year, the state legislature passed the Oregon Historic Trails Bill, which provided for the OTCC and the Oregon State Parks and Recreation Department to enter into a cooperative agreement to develop a statewide historic trails program and recognized the "value and significance" of sixteen trails in Oregon. During the 1997 legislative session, however, a bill was passed that included a provision terminating the manufacture of the specialty Oregon Trail commemorative license plates that had been authorized in 1993 and 1995 to provide funding for the council. Faced with a shortage of funds, in 1998 the OTCC transferred its financial assets to the Oregon Community Foundation, establishing the Oregon Historic Trails Fund, which continues to support programs related to Oregon's historic trails.
After seeing that the dissolution of the OTCC would create the need for a statewide advisory body to "continue to recognize the value and significance of Oregon's historic trails as outlined in ORS 358.057", Governor Kitzhaber took the recommendation of the OTCC to reactivate of the Oregon Trail Advisory Council, which was renamed the Oregon Historic Trails Advisory Council.
Trails
These sixteen trails were designated as historic by the Oregon State Legislature, as provided in the Oregon Revised Statutes (ORS 358.057).
National Historic Trails
The Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail
The Oregon National Historic Trail
The Applegate Trail
The Nez Perce National Historic Trail
Alternate routes of the Oregon Trail
The Whitman Mission Route
The Upper Columbia River Route
The Meek Cutoff
The Free Emigrant Road
The Cutoff to the Barlow Road
Other Oregon routes
The Klamath Trail
The Jedediah Smith Route
The Nathaniel Wyeth Route
The Benjamin Bonneville Route
The Ewing Young Route
The John Frémont Route
The Santiam Wagon Road
See also
National Historic Trail
Oregon Trail Memorial Association
Oregon-California Trails Association
References
External links
Oregon Historic Trails Advisory Council (official website)
Map of Oregon's Historic Trails from the Oregon Historic Trails Fund
Government of Oregon
1984 establishments in Oregon
Lea Ghirardi a.k.a. Lea Ghirardi-Rubbi (born 10 February 1974) is a former French tennis player.
Ghirardi, whose career peaked in the 1990s, was once ranked 73rd in the world.
ITF finals
Singles (6–3)
Doubles (3–4)
References
External links
Living people
French female tennis players
Place of birth missing (living people)
1974 births
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for France
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for France
Mediterranean Games medalists in tennis
Competitors at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
Sportspeople from Colombes
Girolamo Lancerotti (active first half of the 1600s) was an Italian painter, active mainly in the Veneto. He was born at Verona, and is best known for an altarpiece of St Jerome in Santa Maria Consolatrice and frescoes in the chapel of St Sebastian de'Gesuiti in Venice. He painted in the style of Paolo Veronese.
Sources
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Verona
Antonio de Luca or Antonio De Luca may refer to:
Antonio De Luca (bishop) (1956–), Italian Catholic bishop
Antonio de Luca (artist) (1975–), Canadian artist
"Kao ti i ja" is a song recorded by Croatian singer Franka Batelić. The song was released by Karpo Media on June 28, 2018. It was written by Branimir Mihaljević and Neno Ninčević and produced by Mihaljević.
Commercial performance
"Kao ti i ja" debuted at number eight on the Croatian HR Top 40, marking her fourth appearance and second top ten debut on the chart.
Later it peaked at number 3.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
External links
2018 singles
Franka Batelić songs
2018 songs
Epristeride, sold under the brand names Aipuliete and Chuanliu, is a medication which is used in the treatment of enlarged prostate in China. It is taken by mouth.
Epristeride is a 5α-reductase inhibitor and works by decreasing the production of dihydrotestosterone (DHT), an androgen sex hormone, in certain parts of the body like the prostate gland. It inhibits two of the three forms of 5α-reductase but is of relatively low efficacy and can decrease DHT levels in the blood only by about 25 to 54%.
Epristeride was under development for the treatment of enlarged prostate, scalp hair loss, and acne in the United States and other countries in the 1990s but did not complete development in these countries. Instead, it was developed and introduced for the treatment of enlarged prostate in China in 2000.
Medical uses
Epristeride is used in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), otherwise known as enlarged prostate.
Pharmacology
Pharmacodynamics
Epristeride is a selective, transition-state, non-competitive or uncompetitive, irreversible inhibitor of 5α-reductase, and is specific to the type II isoform of the enzyme similarly to finasteride and turosteride but unlike dutasteride.
Epristeride is unique in its mechanism of action relative to finasteride and dutasteride in that it binds irreversibly to 5α-reductase and results in the formation of an unproductive complex of the 5α-reductase enzyme, the substrate testosterone, and the cofactor NADPH. For this reason, testosterone is caught in a trap, and it was initially speculated that the reciprocal increase in intraprostatic levels of testosterone seen with finasteride and dutasteride should not happen with epristeride. However, subsequent clinical data have not supported this hypothesis. Moreover, in spite of the fact that epristeride is a very potent inhibitor of 5α-reductase type II (0.18–2 nM), it has been found to reduce circulating levels of dihydrotestosterone (DHT) by only 25 to 54% following 8 days of therapy over a dosage range of 0.4 to 160 mg/day. For this reason, relative to other 5α-reductase inhibitors like finasteride and dutasteride, the degree of DHT suppression with epristeride falls short of that desirable for full clinical benefit.
Pharmacokinetics
The oral bioavailability of epristeride is 93%. It has an elimination half-life of 26 hours.
Chemistry
Epristeride, also known as 17β-(tert-butylcarbamoyl)androsta-3,5-diene-3-carboxylic acid, is a synthetic androstane steroid.
History
Epristeride was under development for the treatment of BPH, androgenic alopecia (pattern hair loss), and acne vulgaris by SmithKline Beecham (now GlaxoSmithKline) in the 1990s and reached phase III clinical trials in the United States, United Kingdom, and Japan, but ultimately was never marketed in these countries. Instead, epristeride was developed by Ono Pharmaceutical and introduced for the treatment of BPH in China in 2000.
Society and culture
Generic names
Epristeride is the generic name of the drug and its , , , and .
Brand names
Epristeride is marketed under the brand names Aipuliete and Chuanliu in China.
References
External links
Epristeride - AdisInsight
5α-Reductase inhibitors
Androstanes
Carbamates
Carboxylic acids
Conjugated dienes
Enones
Tert-butyl compounds
The Geneva Congress of 1866 is the common name assigned to the 1st General Congress of the International Workingmen's Association, held in Geneva, Switzerland from September 3 to 8, 1866. The gathering was attended by 46 regular and 14 fraternal delegates from a total of five countries. The Geneva Congress is best remembered for its watershed decision to make universal establishment of the 8-hour working day a main goal of the International Socialist movement.
History
Background
The International Workingmen's Association (IWA), commonly known as the First International, was an international association of trade unionist and socialist political activists which attempted to coordinate labor activities across national boundaries. The organization is remembered for the active participation of many pioneer leaders of the modern socialist and anarchist movements, including Karl Marx and Mikhail Bakunin. Membership in the IWA was numerically small, its funding inadequate, and its institutional life short — lasting a mere 8 years from its establishment in 1864 until its termination at the Hague Congress of 1872.
Establishment of the IWA was related to ongoing efforts to coordinate the activities of the trade union movements in Great Britain and France, a project begun in connection with the 1862 London World's Fair. Economic crisis had led the imperial French government to concede the right to French workers to elect a delegation of 750 to the London exhibition. While in London certain members of this delegation headed by Henri Tolain (1828-1897) established contact with British trade union leaders and opened the door for a formal meeting in London the following summer in support of the Polish uprising of 1863.
Convocation
The 1st General Congress of the International Workingmen's Association was convened in Geneva, Switzerland on September 3, 1866. The gathering remained in session for six days, adjourning sine die on September 8 of that same month.
The convention was attended by 46 regular delegates, including 6 members of the General Council and representing 22 sections of the IWA. Of these, 20 represented 13 sections in Switzerland, 17 represented 4 sections in France, and 3 represented 4 sections in Germany. In addition, 14 fraternal delegates were in attendance, 11 of whom represented affiliated organizations, such as Swiss trade unions and educational societies.
Activities
The International Workingmen's Association took up the demand for an eight-hour day at its Congress in Geneva, declaring "The legal limitation of the working day is a preliminary condition without which all further attempts at improvements and emancipation of the working class must prove abortive", and "The Congress proposes eight hours as the legal limit of the working day." Karl Marx saw it as of vital importance to the workers' health, writing in Das Kapital (1867): "By extending the working day, therefore, capitalist production...not only produces a deterioration of human labour power by robbing it of its normal moral and physical conditions of development and activity, but also produces the premature exhaustion and death of this labour power itself."
Legacy
Footnotes
Further reading
Julius Braunthal, History of the International: Volume 1: 1864-1914. [1961] Henry Collins and Kenneth Mitchell, trans. New York: Frederick A. Praeger, 1967.
Wilhelm Eichhoff, The International Workingmen's Association: Its Establishment, Organisation, Political and Social Activity, and Growth. 1869, ch 6.
Institute of Marxism–Leninism of the CC, CPSU, The General Council of the First International, 1866-1868: Minutes. Lydia Belyakova, editor. Moscow: Progress Publishers, n.d. [1974].
G.M. Stekloff, History of the First International. Eden Paul and Cedar Paul, trans. New York: International Publishers, 1928, ch. 6.
Oscar Testut, Association Internationale des Travailleurs. Lyon: Imprimierie D'aimé Vingtrinier, 1870.
1866 in politics
History of socialism
Political congresses
International Workingmen's Association
Left-wing internationals
1866 conferences
September 1866 events
1866 in Switzerland
Elod Macskasy () (7 April 1919 – 21 January 1990) was a Hungarian chess master. He was a mathematics professor, and also competed in swimming for Hungary at the 1936 Berlin Olympics.
Early life and education
Elod Macskasy was born in Arad, which at the time was part of the Kingdom of Hungary, but was shortly afterwards ceded to Romania by the Treaty of Trianon. He completed his early schooling there, and at the age of 16 won the chess championship of the city.
He studied mathematics in Budapest from 1937 to 1942, at the Pázmány Péter University, earning his doctorate. During this time, he competed with some success in team and student chess tournaments.
Macskasy scored 1/1 on the first reserve board for Hungary at the 2nd Balkaniad, Sofia 1947, and his team won the gold medals. In 1947, he gained the Hungarian National Master title following his performance in the 1947 Hungarian championship. Perhaps his best Hungarian result occurred in 1952, when he won a Master tournament ahead of Árpád Vajda, István Bilek and Károly Honfi.
Macskasy co-authored a book on the 1952 Hungarian championship.
Life in Canada
Following the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, he emigrated to Canada, where he secured a position as professor of mathematics at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver.
He was a surprise winner of the 1958 Canadian Open championship, at Winnipeg, ahead of Grandmaster Larry Evans, with 9/10. Macskasy won the British Columbia Championship for five straight years, from 1958 to 1962, and shared this title in 1967. He continued to play often in this event, generally scoring well, into the late 1980s.
In 1961, he played an eight-game match with Daniel Yanofsky, Canada's top player, in Vancouver, losing by (+2 =1 -5); the match assisted Yanofsky's preparation for the 1962 Interzonal.
Macskasy competed several times in the Canadian Chess Championship, generally with good results. At Brockville 1961, he tied for 5-6th, with 6/11. At Winnipeg 1963, he was third, with 10/15. At Vancouver 1965, he finished tied 4-5th, with 6.5/11. At Toronto 1972, he scored 8.5/17 for a tied 12-13th. At Calgary 1975, at age 56, he struggled with 5/15 for a shared 12-13th.
In the early 1960s, he had a Canadian Chess Federation rating of 2400, indicating a player of International Master strength, however, he was never awarded a title by FIDE. Macskasy served as co-editor of the magazine Canadian Chess Chat for many years from the late 1950s.
Macskasy represented Canada twice at Chess Olympiads: 1964 at Tel Aviv on board 4: 5/13 (+3 = 4 -6); 1968 at Lugano on board 3: 6.5/13 (+4 =5 -4). He remained a strong player throughout his life, maintaining a rating of over 2200 until his last tournament, the 1989 Paul Keres memorial in Vancouver.
Macskasy died unexpectedly on 21 January 1990, at age 70.
References
External links
1919 births
1990 deaths
20th-century Hungarian mathematicians
20th-century chess players
Canadian chess players
Canadian chess writers
Canadian mathematicians
Chess Olympiad competitors
Eötvös Loránd University alumni
Hungarian chess players
Hungarian chess writers
Hungarian emigrants to Canada
Hungarian refugees
Olympic swimmers of Hungary
People from Arad, Romania
Swimmers from Vancouver
University of British Columbia faculty
Writers from Vancouver
Lard na (Lao: ລາດໜ້າ ; also spelled lad na, lard nar and lard nah) is a Lao-Chinese noodle dish covered in gravy that was made popular as a street food by Chinese living in Laos.
This dish is made with stir-fried wide rice noodles and either chicken, beef, pork, or tofu. The most common version includes vegetables such as Chinese kailan and straw mushrooms. However, broccoli is also commonly used if kailan is unavailable. Common seasonings include sweet soy sauce, fish sauce ("nam pa"), sugar, garlic, and black pepper.
See also
Rat na, the Thai counterpart
Laotian noodle dishes
Hartmuth Pfeil (13 February 1893 – 4 June 1962) was a German painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1893 births
1962 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Frankfurt
Talovy (; masculine), Talovaya (; feminine), or Talovoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Urban localities
Talovaya, Talovsky District, Voronezh Oblast, a work settlement under the administrative jurisdiction of Talovskoye Urban Settlement in Talovsky District of Voronezh Oblast
Rural localities
Talovy, Primorsky Krai, a settlement in Pogranichny District of Primorsky Krai
Talovy, Rostov Oblast, a khutor in Kamyshevskoye Rural Settlement of Orlovsky District of Rostov Oblast
Talovy, Volgograd Oblast, a khutor in Sukhodolsky Selsoviet of Sredneakhtubinsky District of Volgograd Oblast
Talovoye, a selo in Krasnovsky Selsoviet of Pervomaysky District of Orenburg Oblast
Talovaya, Kemerovo Oblast, a village in Kostenkovskaya Rural Territory of Novokuznetsky District of Kemerovo Oblast
Talovaya, Balakhtinsky District, Krasnoyarsk Krai, a village under the administrative jurisdiction of the work settlement of Balakhta in Balakhtinsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai
Talovaya, Dzerzhinsky District, Krasnoyarsk Krai, a village in Nizhnetanaysky Selsoviet of Dzerzhinsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai
Talovaya, Tyumen Oblast, a village in Slobodchikovsky Rural Okrug of Aromashevsky District of Tyumen Oblast
Talovaya, Verkhnekhavsky District, Voronezh Oblast, a village in Verkhnekhavskoye Rural Settlement of Verkhnekhavsky District of Voronezh Oblast
Steve Kosta is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s. He played for the Newtown Jets and the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.
Playing career
Kosta made his first grade debut for South Sydney in 1971. Kosta made a total of 4 appearances for Souths but was not included in the grand final side which won their 20th premiership defeating St George in the final 16–10. The premiership victory would be the club's last for 43 years.
In 1972, Kosta featured more prominently for Souths and played in the club's elimination final loss against St George ending their premiership defence. In 1974, Kosta joined Newtown but his time was not as successful as when he played for Souths with Newtown failing to make the finals and finished last on the table in 1976, 1977 and 1978.
References
1950 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Newtown Jets players
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league centres
Rugby league wingers
Rugby league players from Sydney
Pranadaata () is a 1992 Telugu-language drama film, produced by P. Balaram under the Sri Anupama Productions banner and directed by Mohan Gandhi. It stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Lakshmi, Harish, Charmmila with music composed by Raj–Koti.
Plot
The film begins with Dr. Chakravarthy (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) one of the foremost surgeons in India. He loves & marries a wise lady Kamala (Lakshmi) without the acceptance of his elders. So, she faces severe hardships from her mother-in-law & sister-in-law but Chakravarthy leads an elated life with Kamala & their lovely daughter Jyothi. Suddenly, one day Kamala disappears along with Jyothi when Chakrakarthy's family affirms she has eloped. Distressed Chakravarthy meets with an accident and loses his memory. Years roll by, Chakravarthy becomes a wanderer and reaches a village where he spots its head Bapaiah's (Pundarikakshaiah) son Seenu (Master Seenu) has been paralyzed. Soon, Chakravarthy regains his surgical knowledge and makes the boy normal through an operation in a rude way. After that, Bapaiah establishes a hospital in the village and makes Chakravarthy service the poor who is envious of local doctor Govindaraju (Kota Srinivasa Rao). The wheel fortune brings Kamala & Jyothi (Charmmila) nearer to Chakravarthy but he is unable to recognize them. Parallelly, a love story runs, Jyothi loves her classmate Narendra (Harish) and Kamala moves to his elders with the marriage proposal. At that juncture, surprisingly, it is revealed that Narendra is Chakravarthy's nephew and his elders denounce Kamala as a slut. Jyothi too believes it and decides to leave the house in that bedlam Kamala meets with an accident. Thereupon, she narrates the past, once Chakravarthy embarks to operate a politician to make him bar the opposition leader abducts Kamala. Irrespective of it, Chakravarthy attains his duty when the enranged opposition leader molests Kamala, wherefore, she is discarded. At present, Kamala is terminally ill, Jyothi seeks Chakrakarthy's help and she departs after watching her husband. Here, Chakravarthy himself performs the funeral without knowing her identity. Thereafter, he promises to couple up Narendra & Jyothi. During, Nani (Paruchri Ravi) a person who aspires to possess Jyothi attacks Narendra. In that quarrel, Nani is injured and Chakravarthy treats him. Exploiting it, begrudged Govindraju kills Nani when Chakravarthy is arrested and prosecuted. Right now, the court refers the case to the medical board when Dr. Siva Prasad (Girish Karnad) the disciple of Chakravarthy recognizes and retrieves the memory of his mentor. Besides, Narendra proves the innocence of Chakravarthy and sentences Govindaraju. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Narendra & Jyothi.
Cast
Akkineni Nageswara Rao as Dr. Chakravarthy
Lakshmi as Kamala
Harish as Narendra
Charmmila as Jyothi
Girish Karnad as Dr. Siva Prasad
Allu Ramalingaiah as Aadiseshaiah
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Dr. Govindaraju
Brahmanandam as Babu Rao
Babu Mohan as Kondaiah
Pundarikakshaiah as Bapaiah
Mouli as Special appearance
Narra Venkateswara Rao as Jooginadham
Bhimeswara Rao as Inspector
Paruchuri Ravi as Naani
Jenny as Shankaraiah
Annapurna as Annapurna
Jayalalita as Kalpataruvu
Bangalore Padma as Dr. Bindu
Chandrika as Babu Rao's wife
Tatineni Rajeswari as Rajeswari
Raghavamma as Aadiseshaiah's wife
Master Rajesh as Seenu
Soundtrack
Music composed by Raj–Koti. Music released on Balaji Audio Company.
References
Indian drama films
Films scored by Raj–Koti
Films directed by A. Mohan Gandhi
Joan Marshall (born Joan Schrepfermann; June 6, 1931 – June 28, 1992) was an American film and television actress. She is best known for her appearances in The Twilight Zone's "Dead Man's Shoes", and Star Trek's "Court Martial".
Early life
She was born Joan Schrepfermann on June 6, 1931 in Chicago, where she was also raised. At age 17, she suffered a bout of polio which temporarily paralyzed her vocal cords, leaving her unable to speak. She began her career performing as a showgirl in Chicago clubs.
Career
After appearing as a dancer in the film The Chicago Kid (1945) and in a part in the television series Have Gun – Will Travel (1958), she moved to California around 1959. In 1959 she reprised the Lauren Bacall role of Sailor Duval in the short-lived television series Bold Venture. During the 1960s, Marshall frequently guest-starred on various television series, including Tales of Wells Fargo, Maverick, Surfside 6, Hawaiian Eye, Gunsmoke, and The Jack Benny Program. She also appeared in the films Homicidal (using the stage name "Jean Arless") and Tammy and the Doctor opposite Sandra Dee and Peter Fonda.
Marshall also appeared in the 15-minute unaired pilot of The Munsters as Phoebe Munster (who strongly resembled Morticia Addams). Before the series was picked up, The Munsters was retooled and Marshall was replaced by actress Yvonne De Carlo. Marshall continued guest-starring in episodic television throughout the 1960s before her last role in the 1975 film Shampoo with Warren Beatty. She also worked as Barbra Streisand's personal assistant on her self-produced 1976 film A Star Is Born.
Personal life and death
Marshall was married five times. She had three children with her first two husbands. Marshall's third marriage was to director Hal Ashby in August 1969; she divorced him a year later in 1970, and married for a fourth time to Jeffrey A. Stein in 1978, whom she also divorced. In 1990 she married for a fifth time, this time to executive Mel Bartfield. The couple relocated to Montego Bay, Jamaica, where they remained until her death, at age 61, on June 28, 1992.
Filmography
References
External links
Will the Real Jean Arless Please Step Forward? - TCM Movie Morlocks on "Homicidal"
1931 births
1992 deaths
20th-century American actresses
Actresses from Chicago
American film actresses
American television actresses
American expatriates in Jamaica
Eva Vítečková (; born 26 January 1982) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
References
1982 births
Living people
Czech women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Czech Republic
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
People from Žďár nad Sázavou
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from the Vysočina Region
Waldalenus, or Wandalenus (late 6th – early 7th century), dux in the region between the Alps and the Jura, in the Frankish Kingdom of Burgundy, was a Frankish magnate who served as mayor of the Austrasian palace at Metz from 581, during the minority of Childebert II.
One of his seats of government (palatium) as patricius of Burgundy was at Arlay on the "Salt Road", noted in 597. There his son, Donatus of Luxeuil, would found the Abbey of Saint-Vincent, later destroyed by Otto II of Burgundy.
He was a well-known patron of Columbanus at Luxeuil Abbey (founded around 585–90), where he dedicated one son to monastic life, and thus provided early support for Hiberno-Frankish monasticism in Western Europe: "This family's connections stretched into Provence and would prove highly influential in seventh-century Frankish politics," Marilyn Dunn notes. Both Eustasius and Waldebert, kinsmen of Waldalenus, succeeded Columbanus as second and third abbots of Luxeuil. The extended family of Waldelenus controlled the Alpine passes approached from Briançon, those of Susa (the Col de Montgenèvre), Embrun, and Gap. Abbo, Patrician of Provence and rector of Maurienne and Susa, the opponent of Maurontus, came from the family of Waldelenus.
His opponents in Burgundy represented the influence of Willibad (died 642), the patrician of Burgundian Provence). Willibad may not have been a Frank but perhaps a Burgundian, one of the last representatives of the native nobility. The centre of Willibad's power was Lyon, Vienne and Valence. Willibad continued to be confronted by the supporters of Columbanus, Waldalenus' son, Chramnelenus of Besançon, Chramnelenus' brother-in-law Amalgar of Dijon and Wandalbert of Chambly.
Waldalenus was married to Flavia—noble in birth and bearing, according to the chronicler of Columbanus and his foundations, Jonas of Bobbio—but the couple were barren, until they beseeched Columbanus to intercede for a miraculous pregnancy. Columbanus required that the first-born be dedicated to the church, and consequently Donatus, christened by Columbanus himself as the "gift", was raised and educated at Luxeuil and was made Bishop of Besançon. The second son was Chramnelenus, and there were two daughters that the Merovingian chronicler did not think to name.
Flavia outlived her husband and founded a convent of nuns at the dynasty's headquarters, Besançon, where her son Donatus was bishop.
A later Waldalenus of this house, Abbot of Bèze, came to be venerated as a saint; is noticed in a diplomatic document of September 677.
Notes
External links
Waldalenus, abbot of Bèze
6th-century births
7th-century deaths
Mayors of the Palace
Politicians from Besançon
7th-century Frankish people
Tapis crude is a Malaysian crude oil used as a pricing benchmark in Singapore. Tapis is very light, with an API gravity of 43°-45°, and very sweet, with only about 0.04% sulfur. While it is not traded on a market like Brent Crude or West Texas Intermediate (WTI), it is often used as an oil marker or price referencing indicator for Asia and Australia.
The price of Tapis in Singapore is often considerably higher than the price of benchmark crude oils such as Brent or West Texas Intermediate (WTI), the more commonly referenced in market commentaries. This is because its lightness (i.e. higher ° API) allows for greater production of higher-value products, such as petrol, than from Brent or WTI. Its high price is also due to the purity of the blend. Its extremely low sulfur content means it requires less refinery processing than sourer crude oils, and hence a lower processing cost.
The Tapis field, located off the coast of Terengganu in the South China Sea was discovered in 1969 with production starting in 1978. ExxonMobil holds a 30% stake, the rest being held by state-owned Petronas. , production is approximately 300,000 barrels per day.
See also
Mean of Platts Singapore, similar regional oil price benchmark
References
Benchmark crude oils
Sir James Timmins Chance, 1st Baronet (22 March 1814 – 6 January 1902), was an English industrialist, philanthropist, director of the London and North Western Railway, and an expert in lighthouse optics. He served in public office, including as a Justice of the Peace for Staffordshire and Worcestershire in 1851, Deputy Lieutenant of Staffordshire in 1856 and for Worcestershire in 1859 (in which time he set up the first Volunteer Rifle Corps in the country), and High Sheriff of Staffordshire in 1868.
He was a nephew of Lucas Chance, the founder of the family firm, glassmakers, Chance Brothers, of which James was, like his father, also William, a partner and eventually head, until his retirement in 1889, when the company was formed into a public company and the name changed to Chance Brothers & Co. Ltd.
He was educated at London University, then Trinity College, Cambridge.
He gave West Smethwick Park to the public in 1895, and donated £50,000 to the endowment fund of Birmingham University in 1900. The park includes a memorial to him, in brick and terracotta, with a bronze bust by Hamo Thornycroft. Beneath the bust is a plaque reading:
He was awarded a Baronetcy in 1900, to which he was succeeded by his son, Sir William Chance, 2nd Baronet (1853–1935).
He sat for a portrait by John Callcott Horsley in 1851. Another, by Joseph Gibbs, may have been painted posthumously. It was presented to Smethwick Borough Council in December 1902, eleven months after the subject's death. It is now in Wednesbury Museum and Art Gallery.
Bibliography
References
1814 births
1902 deaths
People from Smethwick
English industrialists
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
London and North Western Railway people
19th-century English businesspeople
The Batopilas River is a river located in Batopilas, Chihuahua, Mexico, forming part of the Copper Canyon.
See also
List of rivers of Mexico
References
Atlas of Mexico, 1975 (http://www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/atlas_mexico/river_basins.jpg).
The Prentice Hall American World Atlas, 1984.
Rand McNally, The New International Atlas, 1993.
Rivers of Mexico
Rivers of Chihuahua (state)
Post-Attack Command and Control System Facility, Hadley is a defunct Post-Attack Command and Control System facility that operated from June 2, 1958 until 1970. It is located on and under Bare Mountain in Hadley, Massachusetts. The facility was known by many different names: 8th Air Force Combat Operations Center (COC), "The Notch", and "Westover Communications Annex" since it was related to nearby Westover Air Force Base.
The facility has been described as having two underground stories amounting to . It was designed to house 135 people.
History
In 1957, Strategic Air Command began construction for a hardened bunker to contain the command post for the 8th Air Force, which was located at nearby Westover Air Force Base, Chicopee, Massachusetts. The facility was located inside Bare Mountain, off Route 116, and was nicknamed "The Notch." The underground facility, built into the side of Bare Mountain, was hardened to protect it from the effects of a nearby nuclear blast and designed so that the senior military staff could facilitate further military operations.
It was connected to ATT Blackstone, ATT Chesterfield, and ATT Peru via microwave transmissions during its operation.
Reuse
The facility was shut down in 1970, when the 8th Air Force was relocated to Guam. After the U.S. Air Force abandoned the site in 1970, the Federal Reserve took over and used it as a secure storage facility for their records. Allegedly they stored large sums of money there as well, to be used to restart the economy after a nuclear war.
Today, the bunker is used as a library storage facility for the Five Colleges.
The facility was used in the 2010 Mel Gibson movie Edge of Darkness. The front entrance of the facility stood in for the main entrance of the Northmoor Facility in the movie and the access road, Military Road, was used in the beginning of the pursuit scene where Gibson's character begins his chase of the facility director.
Units based there
8th Air Force (1958–1970)
814th Combat Defense Squadron (1958–1968)
99th Security Police Squadron (1968–1970)
See also
Continuity of government
Magic Mountain
Post Attack Command and Control System
List of military installations in Massachusetts
References
External links
"The Notch" PACCS installation, with photos of the facility when it was active
Westover Joint Air Reserve Base (JARB), GlobalSecurity.org
"The Notch" - Westover Communications Annex - PACCS
"Library Holdings Moving Underground", Smith College news
814th Combat Defense Squadron - Air Police squadron that guarded "The Notch"
A 1990s era photo of the entrance
Bare Mountain: Go inside Amherst College's bunker (Photos)
Amherst College
Buildings and structures in Hadley, Massachusetts
Installations of the United States Air Force in Massachusetts
Continuity of government in the United States
Nuclear bunkers in the United States
United States nuclear command and control
1958 establishments in Massachusetts
1970 disestablishments in Massachusetts
is a Canadian-Japanese anime series, produced by Shogakukan-Shueisha Productions, Spin Master and TV Tokyo and animated by Bones. The anime revolves around four teenage humans named Guren, Ceylan, Toxsa, and Chooki, who find an interdimensional portal to Quarton where they are chosen by the Guardians to become the new generation of Tenkai Knights and prevent Vilius from taking control of both worlds.
The anime first aired in both the United States and Canada through Cartoon Network and Teletoon on August 24, 2013. It was later aired in Japan on TV Tokyo beginning April 5, 2014.
Four theme songs are used for the series: one opening theme and three closing themes. The opening theme is "Get the Glory" by Ayako Nakanomori. The first ending theme is by Rurika Yokoyama, while the second ending is by Cyntia. The third ending, , is sung by Pile.
Episodes list
Tenkai Knights: Origins
Tenkai Knights: Origins is a web series that acts as a prequel to Tenkai Knights. Each webisode tells the story of how Vilius betrayed the Guardians and his fellow knights to become the evil leader of the Corrupted Army. The web series has not been released in Japan.
References
Official TV Tokyo website
Cartoon Network Official Website
Tenkai Knights
Jennifer A. Senko born June 23, 1954 is an American documentary filmmaker and author. She is known for her work on the documentary films The Vanishing City, and The Brainwashing of My Dad.
Life and career
Senko graduated on the Dean's List from Pratt Institute, where she studied communications design and painting. In 2000, she directed her documentary short, Road Map Warrior Women. It was a road trip documentary about extraordinarily independent women in the West. In 2010, she co-directed the feature documentary, The Vanishing City, along with Fiore DeRosa, about gentrification's dire consequences in New York City and in other major cities around the world.
Senko directed The Brainwashing of My Dad about her father's radical transformation from a non-political Democrat to an extremely political Republican after he discovered talk radio on a long commute to work, which was released in 2016.
Filmography
Publications
2021 – The Brainwashing of My Dad
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
American documentary film directors
American documentary film producers
American women documentary filmmakers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kamb Glacier () is a broad elevated glacier, ) long, in the Royal Society Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica, flowing northeast from Fogle Peak to enter Condit Glacier. It was named in 1992 by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after glaciologist Barclay Kamb of the California Institute of Technology, who was from the 1980s a principal investigator in United States Antarctic Research Program studies of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet, including the drilling of deep boreholes to the base of Siple Coast ice streams, and who undertook research in order to determine the mechanisms by which the ice streams are able to move at relatively greater speeds than the surrounding ice sheet.
References
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
John, Prince of Antioch (1431–1457), was the second son of Infante Peter, Duke of Coimbra, and Isabella of Urgell, Duchess of Coimbra.
Life
He took part in the Battle of Alfarrobeira, where his father's army was defeated by the Portuguese royal army.
He was imprisoned and was to be executed. However, due to the intervention of his aunt Isabella, he was sent into exile in Burgundy together with his brother James and sister Beatrice. His aunt Isabella, Duchess of Burgundy, was able to offer protection to her nephews and niece as wife of Duke Philip the Good. In 1456, John was elected a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
In 1456, John married Charlotte of Cyprus in Nicosia and was accorded the title Prince of Antioch. He was poisoned on the orders of his mother-in-law, Helena Palaiologina.
He was buried in Nicosia in a tomb which bears his coat of arms.
Coat of arms
Following his marriage to Charlotte, John bore a unique coat of arms, combining: (I) the Kingdom of Jerusalem, (II) his father's Portuguese-English ascentry, (III) the Kingdom of Armenia, (IV) the Kingdom of Cyprus; on top the arms of Lusignan.
Ancestry
Notes
Sources
Raphael de Smedt (Ed.): Les chevaliers de l'ordre de la Toison d'or au XVe siècle. Notices bio-bibliographiques. (Kieler Werkstücke, D 3) Verlag Peter Lang, Frankfurt 2000, , p. 135f.
Genealogical information on John of Coimbra, Prince of Antioch (in Portuguese)
Nobreza de Portugal e Brasil, Vol. I, pages 270/1. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon, 1989.
1431 births
1457 deaths
15th-century Portuguese people
Assassinated nobility
Deaths by poisoning
House of Aviz
Jure uxoris officeholders
Knights of the Golden Fleece
People murdered in Cyprus
People of the Kingdom of Cyprus
Portuguese infantes
Portuguese nobility
Portuguese people murdered abroad
Princes of Antioch
Gerard Christopher (born May 11, 1959 in New York City) is an American actor, writer and producer. He was the second actor to play the eponymous role in the television series Superboy (from 1989 to 1992), replacing John Haymes Newton who played the role in season one (1988–1989). During his tenure he would later also be a producer and writer on the series. He has performed in a number of telemovies, and was a guest star on daytime soap operas such as Days of Our Lives and Sunset Beach, and the prime time soap opera Melrose Place. He has also starred in the comedy movie Tomboy (1985).
Christopher auditioned for the part of Superman / Clark Kent in Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman and was chosen by the casting director. However, when the producers learned he had essentially already played the role, he was dismissed in favor of Dean Cain.
His most recent film role (as of 2003) was "Zack" in the movie The First of May (1999). He also appeared as himself on the 2006 television documentary Look, Up in the Sky: The Amazing Story of Superman talking about his time on Superboy.
References
External links
Male actors from New York City
American male film actors
American male soap opera actors
American male television actors
Living people
1959 births
The Galil Jewish–Arab School is a primary school in Israel. Founded in 1998, it is the first Israeli school to have a dedicated joint Jewish–Arab social structure. The school is located in Eshbal, a kibbutz in the Misgav region of the Galilee near the Arab-majority city of Sakhnin in the Northern District.
History
The Galil Jewish–Arab School was established in 1998 by Hand in Hand: Center for Jewish–Arab Education in Israel, an Israeli network for socially-integrated bilingual schools. In 2007, the school had a student body of 200 Jewish and Arab students (Jews, Muslims and Christians) in grades 1 through 6. The school's students live in Sakhnin, Sha'ab, and communities of the Misgav Regional Council, whose populations have expressed support for bilingual and multicultural education.
Educational model
In line with the multiculturalist objectives of Hand in Hand, the Galil Jewish–Arab School maintains an equal number of Arab and Jewish students; each class has two teachers, one Arab and one Jewish, the school has two co-principals, also split between Arab and Jewish.
Hand in Hand's approach to bilingual education aims to create equality, understanding, and coexistence between the Arab and Jewish populations of Israel, who often live segregated from one another due to the historical effects of the ongoing Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Classes at Hand in Hand schools are co-taught by an Arab and Jewish teacher, and consequently integrate student learning in both Arabic and Hebrew. Teachers do not actively translate, providing a strong incentive for students to attain fluency in their non-native language.
See also
Arab–Israeli peace projects
Arab–Israeli conflict
Israeli–Palestinian conflict
References
External links
About the school on the "Hand in Hand" web site
A slideshow presentation about the school
1998 establishments in Israel
Charities based in Israel
Israeli–Palestinian peace process
Non-governmental organizations involved in the Israeli–Palestinian peace process
Schools in Israel
James Auckland (born 1 April 1980) is a former professional British tennis player.
His highest ATP singles ranking was 282nd, which he reached on 6 February 2006. While his career high in doubles was at 57 set at 9 April 2007.
Auckland was given a wildcard into the main draw of the men's singles at 2002 Wimbledon, but was forced to withdraw due to injury. His place was taken by lucky loser, Denis Golovanov.
Auckland played for the Kansas City Explorers of World TeamTennis during the 2008 season and for the Boston Lobsters in 2009.
In April 2013, James joined tennis coaching and management company Premier Tennis as Director of Tennis, where he designs and oversees a variety of coaching programmes and takes responsibility for coach development and training.
Performance timeline
Doubles
ATP Career Finals
Doubles: 1 (1 runner-up)
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 5 (1–4)
Doubles: 29 (8–21)
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
English male tennis players
Sportspeople from Norwich
British male tennis players
Tennis people from Norfolk
Hridayeshwar Singh Bhati (3 September 2002 – 15 June 2021) was an Indian student who invented a six-player variant of chess at the age of 9 with assistance from his father. He earned a patent for his invention in 2012, making him the youngest patent-holder in India at that time. For his invention Bhati received the CavinKare Ability Special Recognition Award and the Sri Balaji Society's Child Innovator Award. He since designed and received patents for twelve- and sixty-player versions of his game, with his boards capable of 100 distinct variations altogether.
Besides circular chess, Bhati developed a ramp system enabling easy access to vehicles for disabled people. In 2014 he was presented a Dr. Batra's Positive Health Award by Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
Bhati had Duchenne muscular dystrophy and used a wheelchair. He credited his passion for invention to his admiration of British physicist Stephen Hawking: "I want to be like Hawking who became a famous scientist despite suffering from motor neuron disease." Bhati died of cardiac arrest on 15 June 2021.
Six-player circular chess
Bhati's version of multiplayer chess is played on a circular board with 228 black and white cells (or ). The 12 red spaces are not used. Up to six players in teams of two or three can play. Bhati's design employs all the standard chess pieces and their moves. Individual armies are distinguished by colour.
Rules
Each player starts the game with the same number and types of pieces as in standard chess. Non-pawn pieces start in their normal positions on the (the 8×1 extensions at the board perimeter), with queens always placed to the left of kings. Pawns are placed on the rank in front of the pieces as in standard chess.
Red spaces cannot be occupied or passed through when moving or capturing. The multicoloured central area can be passed through but not occupied. It is considered a single "null" space, so a cell bordering it is considered adjacent to the cell on the direct opposite side of the null area. (E.g., a pawn on a cell bordering the null space that moves one step straight forward, will end its move on the opposite side of the null space on the same-coloured cell.)
The king, knight, and pawn have their standard chess moves, unaffected when crossing the central null space, where a cell directly across is considered adjacent. A pawn promotes as normal when reaching any player's back rank. A rook moves horizontally along concentric rings of cells, and vertically along files, including crossing the central null space and continuing along the same file in a straight line. When moving horizontally, a rook cannot end its move on the same cell it started from. The queen moves horizontally and vertically the same as a rook. When a queen or bishop moves diagonally and then crosses the central null space to the opposite side, it must continue from a cell of the same colour it started from: it is moved one cell clockwise or anticlockwise after passing the null space, consistent with whether it began its diagonal movement in a clockwise or anticlockwise direction.
When a player is checkmated or , all their remaining pieces are removed from play. In games where teams compete, the last team standing is the winner.
See also
Circular chess
References
21st-century Indian inventors
Chess variant inventors
2002 births
2021 deaths
People with muscular dystrophy
Businesspeople from Jaipur
Sportspeople from Jaipur
21st-century Indian businesspeople
Indian chess players
Game players from Rajasthan
Zatrephes fasciola is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Adalbert Seitz in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1922
Samuel Gbadebo Adegboyega, MON (1 April 1896 – 23 October 1979) was a Nigerian Christian clergyman widely regarded as one of the founding fathers of Pentecostalism in Nigeria. He is the first territorial chairman of the Lagos and Western/Northern Areas Territory (LAWNA) field of The Apostolic Church Nigeria.
Life
Born into a royal family from Owu Kingdom in Abeokuta, Ogun State, Nigeria, Adegboyega attended Methodist High School, Abeokuta where he completed his secondary education. He got employed at the Nigerian Railway Corporation and rose through the ranks to become station master before becoming a full-time Christian minister at a Methodist church in 1916 until 1920. In that year, he joined The Precious Stone Church, which later affiliated itself with the Faith Tabernacle Congregation of Philadelphia.
During the revival that took place in 1930 at the Nigerian chapter of Faith Tabernacle Congregation, Adegboyega was adopted as a member of the Apostolic Church, a Christian group from the United Kingdom who were invited by Faith Tabernacle during the revival. He later became one of the central figures who helped spread The Apostolic Church Nigeria throughout the country and beyond following a split by secessionists, who founded Christ Apostolic Church in 1941.
Death
He died on October 23, 1979, at the convention ground of The Apostolic Church Nigeria in Lagos State, Nigeria.
Personal life
He was married to Felicia Adegboyega née Olowe, with whom he had five children.
Recognition
During the celebration of Nigeria's independence in 1960, he was conferred with the national honor of Member of the Niger (MON). In 2011, Samuel Adegboyega University was founded by The Apostolic Church Nigeria in his memory.
References
1896 births
1979 deaths
Nigerian Christian clergy
Yoruba royalty
People from Abeokuta
Nigerian Pentecostal pastors
The House Opposite is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by Walter West and Frank Wilson and starring Matheson Lang, Violet Hopson and Ivy Close. It was based on a play by Perceval Landon.
Cast
Matheson Lang as Henry Rivers MP
Violet Hopson as Mrs. Anstruther
Ivy Close as Mrs. Rivers
Gregory Scott as Richard Cardyne
Dora De Winton
J. Hastings Batson
Terence O'Brien
Dora Barton
References
External links
1917 films
British silent feature films
Films directed by Walter West
1917 drama films
British drama films
British films based on plays
Broadwest films
British black-and-white films
1910s English-language films
1910s British films
Silent drama films
Sagarmatha Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising six districts, namely, Khotang, Okhaldhunga, Saptari, Siraha, Solukhumbu and Udayapur. Here is district wise List of Monuments which is in the Sagarmatha Zone.
Sagarmatha Zone
List of monuments in Khotang District
List of monuments in Okhaldhunga District
List of monuments in Saptari District
List of monuments in Siraha District
List of monuments in Solukhumbu District
List of monuments in Udayapur District
References
Sagarmatha Zone
Sagarmatha Zone
Sărata-Răzeși is a village in Leova District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Leova District
Thegabakha Ward also known as Officers' Hill is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 10 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Thegabakha Ward:
Schools
Thegabakha Government Primary School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 10
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Justin Jaymes Graham (born September 10, 1988) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Canterbury Rams of the National Basketball League (NBL). He played college basketball for San Jose State University.
Early life and high school
As a youth, Graham befriended future college teammate Adrian Oliver. The two played basketball together throughout school and competed on the same Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) team while in high school.
As a junior at Ripon High School in 2004–05, Graham averaged 15.9 points, 7.3 rebounds and 5.5 assists per game. In November 2005, he signed a National Letter of Intent to play college basketball for San Jose State University.
As a senior at Ripon in 2005–06, Graham averaged 15.6 points, 7.5 rebounds, 6.0 assists and 3.5 steals per game. His points, rebounds, assist and blocked-shot averages led the league. He was a two-time league MVP in high school, the Manteca Bulletin's "player of the year" and a Division IV all-state selection.
College career
After redshirting the 2006–07 season, Graham joined the San Jose State Spartans as a freshman for the 2007–08 season. He averaged 2.9 assists per game in 2007–08, becoming the first San Jose State freshman in 13 years to lead the team in assists. He also averaged 10.7 points, 2.4 rebounds and 1.5 steals in 26 games (25 starts). He played more minutes than any 2007–08 freshman in the Western Athletic Conference and led the Spartans in average minutes played per game (31.96). He also set a San Jose State freshman single-game scoring record with 29 points against Hawaii on January 5, 2008.
Prior to the start of his sophomore season, coach George Nessman felt that Graham had "a chance to develop into a major difference-maker." In 2008–09, Graham was the only San Jose State player to play and start in all 30 games. He led the team in assists (142) and steals (51), and became the first Spartan in nine seasons to record 100 assists in a season. He was also the first San Jose State player in 12 seasons to record at least 100 assists and 100 rebounds (112) in a season. He finished the season with averages of 8.3 points, 3.7 rebounds, 4.7 assists and 1.7 steals per game.
As a junior in 2009–10, Graham was one of two Spartans to start in all 31 games, and he had his best season in assists (149), rebounding (5.1 rpg) and field goal percentage (47.0). On November 28, 2009, he made the game-winning basket with 11 seconds to go against Pacific. He finished the season with averages of 9.4 points, 5.1 rebounds, 4.8 assists and 1.5 steals per game. Graham completed his B.A. in communications from San Jose State in May 2010.
As a senior in 2010–11, Graham averaged a career-high 14.2 points per game, in addition to 4.5 rebounds, 4.4 assists and 2.3 steals per game. On January 6, 2011, he scored a career-high 29 points and played all 60 minutes of the Spartans' 102–101 quadruple overtime home loss to Boise State. With 50 seconds remaining in the second half, Graham hit a three-pointer and had San Jose State trailing 72–69; he then scored the tying jumper to force overtime. On February 23, he broke the school record for career assists to help the Spartans win their third straight game with a 72–70 overtime victory over New Mexico State. At the season's end, he earned WAC All-Defensive Team and All-WAC Honorable Mention honors. Graham had also begun coursework that season for a Master of Arts in kinesiology with a concentration in sport management, a degree he completed in May 2013.
Professional career
Vanoli Cremona (2011)
In August 2011, Graham signed with Italian club Vanoli Cremona for training camp. He later parted ways with Cremona in mid-September after appearing in two preseason games.
Bakersfield Jam (2011)
On November 3, 2011, Graham was selected by the Bakersfield Jam in the third round of the 2011 NBA Development League Draft. He played in two games for the Jam on November 25 and November 26, before an injury forced the team to waive him on December 2. He was reacquired by the Jam on December 14 and played in three more games, before being waived again on December 22.
Inter Bratislava (2012–2014)
In September 2012, Graham signed Slovakian club Inter Bratislava for the 2012–13 season. In just his fourth games for Bratislava, in a 102–88 win over SKP Banská Bystrica on October 20, 2012, Graham scored a season-high 29 points, helping the team start the season 4–0. He went on to help the club reach the 2013 Slovak Extraliga Finals series, where Bratislava won 4–3 despite losing the series' first two games to MBK Rieker Komárno. In the Game 7 series-clinching win, Graham scored 10 points. He appeared in 44 games (29 regular season, 15 playoff) for Bratislava in 2012–13, starting in 18 and averaging 9.9 points, 5.8 rebounds, 2.4 assists and 1.2 steals per game.
Graham returned to Inter Bratislava for the 2013–14 season, recording a season-best game with 29 points and 10 rebounds on January 25, 2014 against Levice, and helped the club make it back to the Finals series. There they swept the series 4–0, defeating Prievidza to claim back-to-back championships. Graham appeared in 42 games (32 regular season, 10 playoff) for Bratislava in 2013–14, starting in 22 and averaging 13.0 points, 7.4 rebounds, 2.9 assists and 1.8 steals per game.
Zalakerámia-ZTE KK (2014)
In August 2014, Graham signed with Hungarian club Zalakerámia ZTE. He left the club in late November after appearing in seven games. In those seven games, he averaged 9.7 points, 4.9 rebounds, 4.6 assists and 2.1 steals per game.
Second Inter Bratislava stint (2014–2015)
On December 6, 2014, Graham signed with Inter Bratislava for the rest of the 2014–15 season, returning to the club for a second stint. He helped the club win the 2015 Slovakian Cup title, but they could not overcome eventual champions MBK Rieker Komárno in the playoffs. In 26 games for the club in 2014–15, he averaged 10.0 points, 5.8 rebounds, 3.0 assists and 2.2 steals per game.
Canterbury Rams (2016)
On March 25, 2016, Graham signed with the Canterbury Rams as injury replacement for Jamie Adams. He made his debut for the Rams later that day, recording 13 points, 3 rebounds, 4 assists, 1 steal and 1 block in 31 minutes of action as a starter in a 98–94 win over the Southland Sharks. On April 25, in his ninth game for the Rams, Graham was forced to hobble off the court with a knee injury after just three minutes and did not return. Four days later, he was ruled out for three weeks with a medial collateral ligament (MCL) sprain to his knee. He returned to the line-up on May 25, winning the battle over Jamie Adams for the Rams' second import spot for the NBL playoffs. The Rams finished the regular season in first place with a 13–5 record. In their semi-final match-up with the fourth-seeded Super City Rangers, the Rams were outclassed and heavily defeated 104–85. In 11 games for the Rams, he averaged 6.5 points, 3.5 rebounds, 2.1 assists and 1.0 steals per game.
Personal life
Graham's father, Steve Graham played two seasons of college basketball for Cal State Stanislaus (1986–88) and averaged in double-figure scoring each season. His mother, Shari Hernandez, also played basketball for Cal State Stanislaus. Graham's separated when he was four years old. His sister, Jessica, played basketball for the University of Idaho, another WAC school. Graham is also the step-grandson of former Phoenix Suns center Neal Walk, the second pick in the 1969 NBA draft behind UCLA's Lew Alcindor.
References
External links
Justin Graham at fiba.com
Justin Graham at sjsuspartans.com
Justin Graham at sportstg.com
1988 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Hungary
American expatriate basketball people in New Zealand
American expatriate basketball people in Slovakia
Bakersfield Jam players
Basketball players from California
BK Inter Bratislava players
Canterbury Rams players
Guards (basketball)
People from San Joaquin County, California
People from Turlock, California
San Jose State Spartans men's basketball players
ZTE KK players
American men's basketball players
Hugh James Saxton (born January 22, 1943) is an American politician from New Jersey. A member of the Republican Party, he represented parts of Burlington, Ocean, and Camden counties in the United States House of Representatives from 1984 to 2009. Before entering Congress, he served in the New Jersey Senate and the New Jersey General Assembly.
Saxton is currently a Director Emeritus on the board of New Jersey-based energy equipment and systems company Holtec International.
Life
Born in Nicholson, Pennsylvania, he attended East Stroudsburg State College (now East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania) and Temple University. He then pursued a career as an elementary public school teacher and small business owner. Saxton served in the New Jersey General Assembly (the lower chamber of the New Jersey Legislature) from 1976 to 1981 and in the New Jersey Senate from 1982 to 1984.
Saxton had been a resident of the Vincentown section of Southampton Township, New Jersey.<ref>Barone, Michael; and Ujifusa, Grant. The Almanac of American Politics 1988', p. 796. National Journal, 1987.</ref>
In 1984, 13th District Congressman Edwin B. Forsythe died with nine months left in his seventh full term. Saxton was elected as his successor. He ran in two elections which took place on the same day—a special election for the balance of Forsythe's term, and a regular election for a full two-year term. This gave him greater seniority than other freshmen congressmen elected in 1984. He was reelected 11 times without serious difficulty, always winning at least 58 percent of the vote. His district was renumbered as the 3rd District after New Jersey lost a seat in the 1990 census.
He was a high-ranking member of the Armed Services Committee and the Resources Committee and Ranking Republican Member and Chairman of the Joint Economic Committee made up of members of the Senate and House of Representatives.
In 2000, Saxton was challenged by then Cherry Hill Mayor Susan Bass Levin, giving Saxton a spirited challenge for the first time in years though Saxton ultimately prevailed.
In the United States House elections, 2006, Saxton was challenged by Democrat Rich Sexton, a lawyer and U.S. Navy veteran from Mount Laurel. Saxton won reelection by a 58%–41% margin.
Saxton was widely praised across South Jersey for his efforts to remove Fort Dix from the Pentagon's base realignment and closure lists in 1989 and 1991, McGuire Air Force Base from the list in 1993, and Lakehurst Naval Air Station from the list in 1995. From 1993 to 2005, he worked to foster joint military facilities at the three installations. Saxon's efforts were rewarded when Congress passed and President Bush signed into law the Base Realignment and Closure, 2005. In addition to saving the bases' 17,000 jobs, the legislation merged the three bases, creating a "megabase" (the first of its kind in the United States). Furthermore, 1,500 jobs and additional aircraft were directed to the new joint base. Saxton also saved the New Jersey National Guard's 108th Air Refueling Wing from oblivion by working to provide it with a squadron of newer planes.
His other accomplishments include a beach erosion repair project on popular tourist destination Long Beach Island (which saw a 2006 groundbreaking) and a hospital Medicare funding initiative that brought $80 million to New Jersey hospitals in 2005 and 2006.
On May 26, 2006, Saxton reported hearing a loud gunfire-type noise in the Rayburn House Office Building that led to the building being shut down for several hours. It was later determined that the noise was a construction worker discharging a pneumatic hammer in an elevator shaft near the garage. Capitol police officers who subsequently asked the workers to recreate the noise agreed it sounded like gunfire.
On November 9, 2007, Saxton announced that he would not seek reelection in 2008, citing prostate cancer. He was succeeded by Democratic state senator John Adler, who had been Saxton's Democratic opponent in 1990.
Saxton has been a resident of Mount Holly, New Jersey.
Committee assignments
Armed Services Committee
Air and Land Forces Subcommittee (Ranking Member)
Terrorism and Unconventional Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee
Natural Resources Committee
Subcommittee on Fisheries, Wildlife and Oceans
Joint Economic Committee (Ranking Member; Chairman)
Political positions
Saxton is best characterized as a moderate, like most New Jersey Republicans. The American Conservative Union counts his lifetime score as similar to that of conservative Mississippi Democrat Gene Taylor. In 2006, the nonpartisan National Journal'' listed him as one of the Congress's centrists. He supported taking action to ensure the long-term solvency of Social Security.
He argued against the estate tax in the Joint Economic Committee Study of 1998. This analysis examined the arguments for and against the federal estate tax and concluded that the estate tax generates costs to taxpayers, the economy and the environment which far exceeds any potential benefit that it might arguably produce.
He is conservative on abortion issues, which earned him a 100% rating by the Christian Coalition from 2003 to 2005. He has voted against bills that would authorize partial birth abortion, taxpayer-funded human embryo experimentation, and human cloning.
However, he supported liberal issues, such as gun control (Brady Bill and a ban on semi-automatic firearms). Saxton is supportive of environmentalism, which led him to be one of the few Republicans that the Sierra Club endorsed in 2000, 2002, 2004 and 2006. He has received generally favorable ratings by other environmental groups. He was endorsed by the League of Conservation Voters, Ocean Champions and the New Jersey Environmental Federation in his 2006 reelection bid. The Audubon Society, the National Wildlife Federation, and the Nature Conservancy have regularly given him high marks and various awards for his work on conservation issues. Saxton also co-founded the bi-partisan Congressional Wildlife Refuge Caucus. Saxton was also supportive of some gay rights measures, including the Employment Non-Discrimination Act and hate crimes bills.
Saxton is a member of both the Republican Main Street Partnership and Republicans for Environmental Protection.
He supported bipartisan issues, such as federal campaign finance reform (Shays-Meehan and McCain-Feingold). He voted against NAFTA, but voted for CAFTA as a means to help reverse abject poverty and hunger, and ease potential political unrest in impoverished Latin America.
As a former public school teacher, he did not support school vouchers.
He endorsed his good friend Duncan Hunter in the 2008 Presidential Primary.
References
External links
|-
1943 births
Living people
Methodists from New Jersey
East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania alumni
American gun control activists
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
New Jersey state senators
People from Mount Holly, New Jersey
People from Southampton Township, New Jersey
People from Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New Jersey
21st-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
Schoolteachers from New Jersey
Peter Hintze (25 April 1950 – 26 November 2016) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who served as a member of the German Bundestag from 1990 until his death in 2016.
From 2013 until 2016, Hintze was one of the six Vice Presidents of the Bundestag. He had previously been federal chairman of the Evangelical Working Group of the CDU/CSU from 1990 to 1992 and general secretary of the CDU from 1992 to 1998. He was also Vice President of the Centrist Democrat International.
Political career
Hintze served as a member of the German Bundestag from the 1990 federal election. Between 1990 and 1992, he chaired the Evangelical Working Group of the CDU/CSU.
In 1991/1992, Hintze briefly served as Parliamentary State Secretary at the Federal Ministry of Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth under minister Angela Merkel in the fourth cabinet of Chancellor Helmut Kohl.
During the national election campaign in 1994 Hintze was the driving force behind the Rote-Socken-Kampagne ("Red Socks Campaign"), a campaign which was directed against the left-wing PDS and the alleged possibility of a coalition between the PDS and the Social Democratic Party. It is believed that the Rote-Socken-Kampagne contributed to the electoral victory of the CDU and Chancellor Helmut Kohl.
In autumn 2005, the Bundestagswahl 2005 ended the Gerhard Schröder era; Angela Merkel became chancellor of a Union/SPD-cabinet. From 2005 to 2013, Hintze served as Parliamentary State Secretary at the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Technology under ministers Michael Glos (2005–2009); Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg (2009); Rainer Brüderle (2009–2011); and Philipp Rösler (2011–2013) in the first and second cabinets of Chancellor Angela Merkel. Between 2007 and 2013, he was also the government's Coordinator of Aerospace Policy.
From 2006, Hintze led the Bundestag group of CDU parliamentarians from North Rhine-Westphalia, the largest delegation within the CDU/CSU parliamentary group.
In the negotiations to form a coalition government of the Christian Democrats (CDU together with the Bavarian CSU) and the Free Democratic Party (FDP) following the 2009 federal elections, Hintze was part of the CDU/CSU delegation in the working group on foreign affairs, defense and development policy, led by Franz Josef Jung (CSU) and Werner Hoyer (FDP). Later, in the negotiations to form a Grand Coalition of Merkel's Christian Democrats and the SPD following the 2013 German elections, he was part of the CDU/CSU delegation in the working group on bank regulation and the Eurozone, led by Herbert Reul and Martin Schulz.
In his capacity as vice-president, he was a member of the parliament's Council of Elders, which – among other duties – determines daily legislative agenda items and assigning committee chairpersons based on party representation.
In 2015, Hintze appointed Diana Kinnert as his parliamentary chief of staff, which made her the youngest chief of staff in the history of the Bundestag.
Hintze died from cancer on 26 November 2016. He was 66.
Recognition
2009 – Officier de la Légion d'Honneur
2012 – Robert Schuman Medal
References
External links
Peter Hintze, Vice-President of the Bundestag
1950 births
2016 deaths
German Protestants
Members of the Bundestag for North Rhine-Westphalia
Deaths from cancer in Germany
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
Members of the Bundestag 1998–2002
Members of the Bundestag 1994–1998
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Democratic Union of Germany
A Nation at Risk: The Imperative for Educational Reform is the 1983 report of the United States National Commission on Excellence in Education. Its publication is considered a landmark event in modern American educational history. Among other things, the report contributed to the ever-growing assertion that American schools were failing, and it touched off a wave of local, state, and federal reform efforts.
Formation and motivation
The commission consisted of 18 members, drawn from the private sector, government, and education. The chair of the commission was David Pierpont Gardner. Secretary of Education Terrel Bell sought to have the president appoint the commission. Reagan disagreed and it was Bell who established the commission and appointed its members.
As implied by the title of the report, the commission's charter responds to Terrel Bell's observation that the United States' educational system was failing to meet the national need for a competitive workforce. Yvonne Larsen, vice chair of the commission, and Gerald Holton, a member, have both stated that they were trying to confirm concerns they already had, rather than complete an objective analysis of the state of schools. Among other things, the charter required the commission to assess the "quality of teaching and learning" at the primary, secondary, and postsecondary levels, in both the public and private spheres and to compare "American schools and colleges with those of other advanced nations." The report was primarily authored by James J. Harvey, who synthesized the feedback from the commission members. Harvey wrote, "the educational foundations of our society are presently being eroded by a rising tide of mediocrity that threatens our very future as a Nation and a people... If an unfriendly foreign power had attempted to impose on America the mediocre educational performance that exists today, we might well have viewed it as an act of war."
Presidential commissions on education have been relatively common since the Truman Report in 1947. Other notable groups include Dwight Eisenhower's "Committee on Education Beyond the High School" in 1956, John F. Kennedy's Task Force on Education in 1960, and George W. Bush's Commission on the Future of Higher Education, also known as the Spellings Commission, which produced "A Test of Leadership" in 2006.
Content
The report surveys various studies which point to academic underachievement on national and international scales. The report said that average SAT scores dropped "over 50 points" in the verbal section and "nearly 40 points" in the mathematics section, during the period 1963-1980. Nearly forty percent of 17-year-olds tested could not successfully "draw inferences from written material," and "only one-fifth can write a persuasive essay; and only one-third can solve a mathematics problem requiring several steps." Referencing tests conducted in the 1970s, the study points to unfavorable comparisons with students outside the United States: on "19 academic tests American students were never first or second and, in comparison with other industrialized nations, were last seven times".
In response to these and similar problems, the commission made 38 recommendations, divided across 5 major categories: Content, Standards and Expectations, Time, Teaching, Leadership and Fiscal Support:
Content: "4 years of English; (b) 3 years of mathematics; (c) 3 years of science; (d) 3 years of social studies; and (e) one-half year of computer science" for high school students." The commission also recommends that students work toward proficiency in a foreign language starting in the elementary grades.
Standards and Expectations: the commission cautioned against grade inflation and recommends that four-year colleges raise admissions standards and standardized tests of achievement at "major transition points from one level of schooling to another and particularly from high school to college or work."
Time: the commission recommended that "school districts and State legislatures should strongly consider 7-hour school days, as well as a 200- to 220-day school year."
Teaching: the commission recommended that salaries for teachers be "professionally competitive, market-sensitive, and performance-based," and that teachers demonstrate "competence in an academic discipline."
Leadership and Fiscal Support: the commission noted that the Federal government plays an essential role in helping "meet the needs of key groups of students such as the gifted and talented, the socioeconomically disadvantaged, minority and language minority students, and the handicapped." The commission also noted that the Federal government also must help ensure compliance with "constitutional and civil rights," and "provide student financial assistance and research and graduate training."
Critique
In 1990, Admiral James Watkins, the Secretary of Energy, commissioned the Sandia Laboratories in New Mexico to document the decline in the Nation at Risk report with actual data. When the systems scientists broke down the SAT test scores into subgroups, they discovered contradictory data. While the overall average scores declined, the subgroups of students increased. In statistics this is known as Simpson's paradox. The three authors presented their report. David Kearns, Deputy Secretary of Education allegedly told the authors of the report, "You bury this or I'll bury you." Diane Ravitch disputes this quote. Education Week published an article on the Sandia report in 1991. Unlike the Nation at Risk report, the Sandia Report critique received almost no attention.
On the 25th anniversary of the release of A Nation at Risk, the organization Strong American Schools released a report card showing progress since the initial report. The organization's analysis said:
While the national conversation about education would never be the same, stunningly few of the Commission's recommendations actually have been enacted.
Now is not the time for more educational research or reports or commissions. We have enough commonsense
ideas, backed by decades of research, to significantly improve American schools. The missing ingredient isn't even educational at all. It's political. Too often, state and local leaders have tried to enact reforms of the kind recommended in A Nation at Risk only to be stymied by organized special interests and political inertia. Without vigorous national leadership to improve education, states and local school systems simply cannot overcome the obstacles to making the big changes necessary to significantly improve our nation's K-12 schools.
Salvatore Babones has criticized the composition and competences of the committee:
The commission included 12 administrators, 1 businessperson, 1 chemist, 1 physicist, 1 politician, 1 conservative activist, and 1 teacher. ... Just one practicing teacher and not a single academic expert on education. It should come as no surprise that a commission dominated by administrators found that the problems of U.S. schools were mainly caused by lazy students and unaccountable teachers. Administrative incompetence was not on the agenda. Nor were poverty, inequality, and racial discrimination.
References
External links
Full text from ERIC
Full text from Hathi Trust
Full text from U.S. Department of Education. Archived from the original on 2020-10-29.
Education in the United States
Education reform
Education policy in the United States
Works about academia
1983 documents
Presidency of Ronald Reagan
William Francis Tunnicliffe (5 January 1920 – 1997) was a professional footballer who played outside-left at Port Vale, Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic, Wrexham, Bradford City, and Stafford Rangers. He made 377 league appearances in the Football League, mostly for Wrexham.
Playing career
Tunnicliffe joined Port Vale in January 1937, and made his debut at The Old Recreation Ground in a 2–1 victory over Rotherham United on 6 February. He played one further game in the Third Division North in the 1936–37 season, and featured in one league and one FA Cup game in the 1937–38 campaign. He was given a free transfer to Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic in May 1938. The "Cherries" finished 15th in the Third Division South in 1938–39, before competitive football was put on hold throughout World War II. He returned to Port Vale as a guest in October 1939, and scored ten goals in twenty games of the 1939–40 season, before departing again in April 1940. He also guested for Chester and Reading, before returning to Bournemouth. Under the stewardship of Harry Kinghorn, Bournemouth finished seventh in 1946–47. Tunnicliffe scored seven goals in 49 league games at Dean Court, before switching to Welsh club Wrexham. The "Dragons" finished third in the Third Division North in 1947–48, though were ten points behind champions Lincoln City. They dropped down to ninth place in 1948–49, before finishing just two places and one point ahead of bottom club York City in 1949–50. After manager Les McDowall was replaced by Peter Jackson, Wrexham rose to 14th position in 1950–51, and posted an 18th-place finish in 1951–52. Wrexham made a genuine bid for promotion in the 1952–53 season, but again finished in third place, just three points behind leaders Oldham Athletic. In total, Tunnicliffe made 236 league appearances, scoring 74 goals in his six years at the Racecourse Ground. In 1953 he signed for league rivals Bradford City, where he spent two-and-a-half seasons, scoring 20 goals in 89 league matches. Ivor Powell's "Citizens" finished fifth in 1953–54, before dropping down to 21st position in 1954–55; Tunnicliffe finished as the "Bantams" top-scorer in 1954–55, despite only finding the net seven times during the campaign. He then left both Valley Parade and the Football League to join Cheshire County League side Stafford Rangers.
Statistics
Source:
References
1920 births
1997 deaths
Footballers from Stoke-on-Trent
English footballers
Association football outside forwards
Port Vale F.C. players
AFC Bournemouth players
Port Vale F.C. wartime guest players
Chester City F.C. wartime guest players
Reading F.C. wartime guest players
Stoke City F.C. wartime guest players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Stafford Rangers F.C. players
English Football League players
is a railway station on the high-speed Sanyo Shinkansen line in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Shin-Iwakuni Station is served by the high-speed Sanyo Shinkansen line.
It is linked by a walkway to the Seiryū-Shin-Iwakuni Station on the Nishikigawa Seiryū Line.
History
Shin-Iwakuni Station opened on 10 March 1975, coinciding with the opening of the Sanyo Shinkansen extension west of Okayama to Hakata. With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
External links
JR West station information
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Shinkansen
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1975
Imma albifasciella is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Arnold Pagenstecher in 1900. It is found on the Bismarck Archipelago and in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are dark ochreous fuscous with a nearly straight snow-white line from the costa at three-fifths to the inner margin at two-thirds. The hindwings are black.
References
Moths described in 1900
Immidae
Moths of Australia
Kulegu (; Kaitag and Dargwa: Кьулегу) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dzhibakhninsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 151 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Kulegu is located 14km southeast of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Khatagi and Dzhinabi are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
XLAM: Luchshaya Belarusskaya Alternativa () is a compilation album by Belarusian alternative bands released by the portal on the label on June 11, 2006.
Background and release
Work on creating a list of artists on the disc began in February 2006. When choosing bands, attention was paid to the unusualness of musical material, as well as to the quality of the proposed tracks. As the project coordinator Dmitry Dmitriev spoke via Naviny.by, the main condition was “to be a Belarusian band playing high-quality, extreme, and honest music that is looking for its listener.”
As the publishers indicated, the goal of compilation was to discover new names in alternative music. Its circulation was to be 1,500 copies, one third of which was intended for distribution on the Russian market.
The presentation of the disc with the participation of a number of bands whose works were included in the compilation album took place on the day of its release on June 11, 2006, in Gomel, while the Ukrainian band Skinhate became the invited headliner of the party.
Track listing
Пневмания — «Открой меня»
3t.ON — «Дай нам знать»
Rasta — «Hakkah»
Ricochet — «Рикошет кор»
kuktooz — «Пустыня»
TT-34 — «Иной»
IKONA — «Не верю»
D-Tails — «Выжигая огнем»
Tweed — «Зверь»
M.L.A. — «Рио»
Tav.Mauzer — «Брудная вада»
4example — «Как земле вода»
Zv!k — «Клон»
Stinkface — «Ashamed»
Кризис — «Суицид»
Usplёsk — «Эфіp superlight»
Контур — «Все в глазах»
Termin X — «Згубіцца»
ONEGIN — «Smilla»
<killkitau> — «Больше ничего»
Скимен — «Зачем»
Critical reception
The song “Открой меня” by Пневмания was highlighted in the review of Muzykalnaya Gazeta, while the band ONEGIN disappointed critics. Later on, the disc was characterized by Muzykalnaya Gazeta's Maxim Zhukov by the adjective “rich.”
Siarhei “SB” Budkin from Tuzin.fm and Nasha Niva called the CD an alternative to the project “,” while the music was described by the words “expressive, aggressive, intertwined with nerves and screams.”
References
2006 compilation albums
Compilation albums by Belarusian artists
The 2003 Seville City Council election, also the 2003 Seville municipal election, was held on Sunday, 25 May 2003, to elect the 7th City Council of the municipality of Seville. All 33 seats in the City Council were up for election. The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in thirteen autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
Electoral system
The City Council of Seville () was the top-tier administrative and governing body of the municipality of Seville, composed of the mayor, the government council and the elected plenary assembly. Elections to the local councils in Spain were fixed for the fourth Sunday of May every four years.
Voting for the local assembly was on the basis of universal suffrage, which comprised all nationals over 18 years of age, registered in the municipality of Seville and in full enjoyment of their political rights, as well as resident non-national European citizens and those whose country of origin allowed Spanish nationals to vote in their own elections by virtue of a treaty. Local councillors were elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation, with an electoral threshold of five percent of valid votes—which included blank ballots—being applied in each local council. Councillors were allocated to municipal councils based on the following scale:
The mayor was indirectly elected by the plenary assembly. A legal clause required that mayoral candidates earned the vote of an absolute majority of councillors, or else the candidate of the most-voted party in the assembly was to be automatically appointed to the post. In the event of a tie, the appointee would be determined by lot.
The electoral law allowed for parties and federations registered in the interior ministry, coalitions and groupings of electors to present lists of candidates. Parties and federations intending to form a coalition ahead of an election were required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days of the election call, whereas groupings of electors needed to secure the signature of a determined amount of the electors registered in the municipality for which they were seeking election, disallowing electors from signing for more than one list of candidates. For the case of Seville, as its population was between 300,001 and 1,000,000, at least 5,000 signatures were required.
Opinion polls
The table below lists voting intention estimates in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first and using the dates when the survey fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication. Where the fieldwork dates are unknown, the date of publication is given instead. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party's colour. If a tie ensues, this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages. The "Lead" column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the parties with the highest percentages in a poll. When available, seat projections determined by the polling organisations are displayed below (or in place of) the percentages in a smaller font; 17 seats were required for an absolute majority in the City Council of Seville.
Results
Notes
References
Opinion poll sources
Other
Seville
Elections in Seville
The common name dwarf crab may refer to several different species:
Callinectes similis, the lesser blue crab
Rhithropanopeus harrisii
Animal common name disambiguation pages
Eripnopelta is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Eripnopelta, E. ithyvena, found in China.
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Donald Macdonald Steele (17 August 1892 – 13 July 1962) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for South Australia from 1912 to 1921. He was later a prominent doctor in South Australia.
Family and early life
Don Steele was one of six brothers. His elder brothers David Macdonald Steele and Ken Steele were doctors who served as medical officers in the field in World War I. Ken also played first-class cricket for South Australia before the war.
Don attended Prince Alfred College, Adelaide, where he played in the First XI for six years from 1907 to 1912, captaining the team in the last three years. He then studied medicine at the University of Adelaide, qualifying as a doctor at the end of 1919.
Cricket career
Steele played his first game for South Australia in January 1912 while still at school. He became a regular player in the state team in 1912-13 and remained a fixture in the side until the end of the 1920-21 season, studies and professional duties permitting.
In his first match in the 1912-13 season he scored 113 not out in 175 minutes against New South Wales in an innings victory for South Australia. He scored his second century in 1914-15 when he made 100 in 135 minutes, also against New South Wales.
He captained South Australia in the last three matches of the 1920-21 Sheffield Shield season, scoring 107 not out in the first match, against Victoria. He finished the season at the top of the South Australian batting averages, with 280 runs at 56.00.
He was selected to captain the Australian team to tour New Zealand at the end of the season. However, he was unable to go on the tour, having made arrangements to work as a locum in Port Lincoln. His professional duties prevented him from playing any further first-class cricket.
Later life
He practised as a doctor in Port Lincoln for some years before returning to practise in Adelaide, where he and his wife lived in Glenelg.
While watching a Test match at Adelaide Oval in 1925 he was called on to treat the English spin bowler Tich Freeman, who had broken his wrist while attempting a catch. Steele put the wrist in splints then took Freeman to hospital.
His son Ian was also a doctor.
References
External links
1892 births
1962 deaths
People educated at Prince Alfred College
University of Adelaide Medical School alumni
Australian cricketers
South Australia cricketers
20th-century Australian medical doctors
The board of selectmen or select board is commonly the executive arm of the government of New England towns in the United States. The board typically consists of three or five members, with or without staggered terms. Three is the most common number, historically.
History
In most New England towns, the adult voting population gathered annually in a town meeting to act as the local legislature, approving budgets and laws. Day-to-day operations were originally left to individual oversight, but when towns became too large for individuals to handle such work loads, they would elect an executive board of selected men (hence the name) to run things for them.
These men had charge of the day-to-day operations; selectmen were important in legislating policies central to a community's police force, highway supervisors, poundkeepers, field drivers, and other officials. However, the larger towns grew, the more power would be distributed among other elected boards, such as fire wardens and police departments. For example, population increases led to the creation of police departments, of which selectmen typically became the commissioners. The advent of tarred roads and automobile traffic led to a need for full-time highway maintainers and plowmen, leaving selectmen to serve as Supervisors of Streets and Ways.
Present
The function of the board of selectmen differs from state to state, and can differ within a given state depending on the type of governance under which a town operates. Selectmen almost always serve part-time, with a token or no salary. It is the chief executive branch of local government in the open town meeting form of government.
The basic function consists of calling town meetings, proposing budgets to the town meeting, setting public policy, calling elections, licensing, setting certain fees, overseeing certain volunteer and appointed bodies, and creating basic regulations.
In larger towns, the selectmen's daily administrative duties are delegated to a full-time town administrator or town manager. In some towns, the board of selectmen acts more like a city council, but retains the historic name.
In some places, such as Connecticut, the board is headed by a first selectman, who historically has served as the chief administrative officer of the town and may be elected separately from the rest of the board.
In New Hampshire cities (which have a board of aldermen instead of a board of selectmen), a "selectman" is an elected position that is responsible for organizing elections for local, state, and federal offices. Three selectmen, a moderator, and a clerk are elected in each city ward.
In Vermont towns, per state statute the Selectboard performs several ex officio roles to include: serving as the local Board of Health, Board of Liquor Control Commissioners, Board of Sewage System Commissioners; and together with the town's elected Justices of the Peace, serve as the Board of Civil Authority and Board of Tax Abatement.
A rare use of the term outside New England is in Georgetown, Colorado, where the town governing body is called the Board of Selectmen.
First selectman
The first selectman (or selectwoman) is the head of the board of selectmen in some New England towns.
Historically, the first selectman was the one who received the largest number of votes during municipal elections or at a town meeting. More recently most towns have chosen to elect the first selectman in a separate election, much like a mayor.
While the principle remains the same in most towns, the function has evolved differently. Traditionally, the first selectman acts as chief administrative officer. As with all politicians in New England, it was originally a part-time position. Most modern towns that have part-time first selectmen limit their function to chairing the board of selectmen and performing certain ceremonial duties. Actual administration of the town is handled by the town manager. In other towns, the first selectman acts as CEO of the town, much like a mayor, alone or in conjunction with a town manager who acts as a chief administrative officer.
In Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Vermont, the presiding selectman is usually called the chairman and is chosen annually by his or her fellow selectmen. In Vermont, immediately following the annual election, the Board of Selectmen is required by state statute to re-organize, which includes electing a chairman, appointing various town positions, and establishing the meeting schedule for the ensuing year.
In New Hampshire cities, selectmen maintain voter checklists and aid voters at the polls.
In Connecticut, the first selectman is the chief executive and administrative officer of most towns with the Selectmen-Town Meeting form of government. Some towns, such as Woodbridge, elect their first selectmen to be the chief administrative officer of the town even though the position is technically part-time. The first selectman is also a voting member of the board of selectmen and can cast a tie-breaking vote in the board of finance. In other towns, the position is full-time. In towns such as Beacon Falls, Bethany, Brookfield, Orange, and Simsbury, the losing first selectman candidate can earn a seat on the board of selectmen, depending on the number of votes the losing candidate received.
See also
City manager
Notes
References
de Tocqueville, Alexis (1835, 1840), Democracy in America: the Henry Reeve text as revised by Francis Bowen, now further corrected and edited with introduction, editorial notes, and bibliography by Phillips Bradley, (Alfred A. Knopf, Inc., New York, 1945), Chapter V: Spirit of the townships of New England.
Fairlee, J. A. Local government in counties, towns, and villages, (The Century Co., New York, 1906), Chap. 8 (online version)
Murphy, R. E. "Town Structure and Urban Concepts in New England", The Professional Geographer 16, 1 (1964).
Garland, J. S. New England town law : a digest of statutes and decisions concerning towns and town officers, (Boston, Mass., 1906), pp. 1–83. (online version)
Green, A. New England's gift to the nation—the township.: An oration, (Angell, Burlingame & Co., Providence, 1875) (online version)
Parker, J. The origin, organization, and influence of the towns of New England : a paper read before the Massachusetts Historical Society, December 14, 1865, (Cambridge, 1867) (online version)
Whiting, S. The Connecticut town-officer, Part I: The powers and duties of towns, as set forth in the statutes of Connecticut, which are recited, (Danbury, 1814), pp. 7–97 (online version)
Zimmerman, Joseph F. "The New England Town Meeting: Democracy in Action" Praeger Publishers, 1999.
Local government in the United States
Local government in Massachusetts
Local government in Vermont
Local government in New Hampshire
Local government in Rhode Island
Local government in Connecticut
Local government in Maine
Kenworthy may refer to:
People
Alexandra Kenworthy (born 1932), American voice actress
Bill Kenworthy (1886–1950), American baseball player
Christina Kenworthy-Browne, British Roman Catholic nun and historian
Christopher Kenworthy, Australian writer and film director
David Kenworthy, 11th Baron Strabolgi (1914–2010), English politician
Dick Kenworthy (1941–2010), American baseball player
Duncan Kenworthy (born 1949), British film producer
Esther Kenworthy Waterhouse (1857–1944), British artist
Gus Kenworthy (born 1991), American freestyle skier
John Kenworthy (1883–1940), English aviation engineer and aircraft designer
Joseph Kenworthy, 10th Baron Strabolgi (1886-1953), British politician
Mary-Anne Kenworthy (born 1956), Australian brothel owner
Max Kenworthy, British musician
Michael Kenworthy (born 1975), American actor
Roger Kenworthy (born 1971), Australian rugby league footballer
Shirra Kenworthy (born 1943), Canadian figure skater
Stuart Kenworthy, British comedy writer
Tony Kenworthy (born 1958), an English former footballer
Other uses
Kenworthy Hall, a plantation house near Marion, Alabama
See also
Kenworth (disambiguation)
Sandhu () is a surname or family name connected with Sandhu, which is Punjab's second largest Jat clan or tribe. The etymology is connected to the word Sindhu, the native name for the Indus river.
Notable people with the surname, who may or may not be affiliated to the clan, include:
Sardar Heera Singh Sandhu (1706-1767), founder of the Nakai Misl
Bhai Bala (1466–1544), a companion of Guru Nanak
Baba Deep Singh (26 January 1682 – 13 November 1757) is revered among Sikhs as one of the most hallowed martyrs in Sikhism
Jordan Sandhu indian singer and actor from punjab
Bhagat Singh (1907-1931), Saheed-e-Azam, Indian revolutionary.
[[Ranveer Singh Sandhu|(born 1994)Indian singer, lyricist, actor, producer,boxer,gatka player ,kavishar, founder of the Sandhuboyz media entertainment
Garry Sandhu (born 1984), Indian singer, lyricist, actor and owner of label Fresh Media Records
Gurbaksh Singh Sandhu, former national boxing coach, India
Gurinder Sandhu (born 1993), Australian professional cricketer
Gurpreet Singh Sandhu (born 1992), Indian international goalkeeper
Harnaaz Sandhu, Miss India 2021 and Miss Universe 2021
Harpreet Sandhu (actor) (born 1979), Indian actor, director, writer, music director, editor, cinematographer and poet
Harrdy Sandhu (born 1986), Indian singer and actor
Jaswinder Singh Sandhu, military secretary, Indian army
Jinny Sandhu, English professional wrestler
Kamaljeet Sandhu, Indian athlete
Khalil Tahir Sandhu, Pakistani politician
Manavjit Singh Sandhu (born 1976), Indian sport shooter and three-time Olympian
Nandish Sandhu, Indian model and television actor
Nashra Sandhu, Pakistani cricketer
Nick Sandhu (born 1962), Indian field hockey player
Paige Sandhu, English actress
Peter Sandhu, Canadian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta
Sahil Sandhu (born 1991), Canadian football (soccer) player
Surinder Sandhu, Indian sarangi player and composer
Taranjit Singh Sandhu, Indian ambassador to United States
Tommy Sandhu (born 1976), British DJ, remixer, producer and television presenter
Vattan Sandhu, Indian Punjabi singer and actor
Yasir Zafar Sandhu, Pakistani politician.
References
Punjab
Jat clans of Pakistan
Social groups of Punjab, India
Punjabi tribes
Social groups of Haryana
Punjabi-language surnames
The 1885 Iowa gubernatorial election was held on November 3, 1885. Republican nominee William Larrabee defeated Democratic nominee Charles E. Whiting with 50.76% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
William Larrabee, Republican
Charles E. Whiting, Democratic
Other candidates
James Michelwait, Prohibition
Elias Doty, Greenback
Results
References
1885
Iowa
An open formula is a formula that contains at least one free variable.
An open formula does not have a truth value assigned to it, in contrast with a closed formula which constitutes a proposition and thus can have a truth value like true or false. An open formula can be transformed into a closed formula by applying quantifiers or specifying of the domain of discourse of individuals for each free variable denoted x, y, z....or x1, x2, x3.... This transformation is called capture of the free variables to make them bound variables, bound to a domain of individual constants.
For example, when reasoning about natural numbers, the formula "x+2 > y" is open, since it contains the free variables x and y. In contrast, the formula "∃y ∀x: x+2 > y" is closed, and has truth value true.
An example of closed formula with truth value false involves the sequence of Fermat numbers
studied by Fermat in connection to the primality. The attachment of the predicate letter P (is prime) to each number from the Fermat sequence gives a set of false closed formulae when the rank n of the Fermat number is greater than 4. Thus the closed formula ∀n P(Fn) is false.
See also
First-order logic
Higher-order logic
Quantifier (logic)
Predicate (mathematical logic)
References
Logical expressions
Kalkut is a census town in the Matigara CD block in the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Kalkut is located at .
Area overview
The map alongside shows the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district. This area is spread across the foothills of the Himalayas and is a plain land gently sloping from north to south. While the northern part is mentioned as the Terai region, the larger southern portion forms the western part of the Dooars region. While 55.11% per cent of the population resides in the rural areas, 44.89% resides in the urban areas. On the western side the Mechi River forms a long border with Nepal. On the eastern side the Mahananda River forms a short border with Bangladesh.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Kalkut had a total population of 9,184 of which 4,765 (52%) were males and 4,419 (48%) were females. There were 1,102 persons in the age range of 0 to 6 years. The total number of literate people in Kalkut was 6,329 (68.91% of the population over 6 years).
Infrastructure
According to the District Census Handbook 2011, Darjiling, Kalkut covered an area of 1.4812 km2. Among the civic amenities, it had 12 km roads with open drains, the protected water supply involved overhead tank, tap water from treated sources and spring, it had 797 domestic electric connections and 30 road lighting points. Among the medical facilities, it had 1 dispensary/ health centre, 1 maternity home, 8 medicine shops. Among the educational facilities it had were 5 primary schools, 1 secondary school, 1 senior secondary school, 1 non-formal education centre (Sarva Siksha Abiyan). It had the branches of 1 cooperative bank and 1 non-agricultural credit society.
Education
Amiyo Palchoudhury Smriti Vidyalaya is a Bengalii-medium coeducational institution established in 2001. It has facilities for teaching from class V to class XII.
References
Cities and towns in Darjeeling district
NUT carcinoma (NC) (formerly NUT midline carcinoma) is a rare genetically defined, very aggressive squamous cell epithelial cancer that usually arises in the midline of the body and is characterized by a chromosomal rearrangement in the nuclear protein in testis gene (i.e. NUTM1 gene). In approximately 75% of cases, the coding sequence of NUTM1 in band 14 on the long (or "q") arm of chromosome 15 is fused to BRD4 or BRD3, which creates a chimeric gene that encodes the BRD-NUT fusion protein. The remaining cases, the fusion of NUTM1 is to an unknown partner gene, usually called NUT-variant.
The name NUT carcinoma was introduced as the carcinoma does not only occur in the body midline; therefore, WHO also changed the name in 2015 in the WHO Classification of Tumours of the Lung, Pleura, Thymus and Heart.
Signs and symptoms
In the United States, about 20–30 cases are reported each year. This may be a gross underestimate of the total number of cases as few laboratories have the reagents and expertise to make the diagnosis. The symptoms are similar to other forms of cancer and dependent on the stage. While generalized symptoms (weight loss and fatigue) may be seen, site specific symptoms are also present. If the tumor involves the head and neck region (in about 35%), then pain, a mass, obstructive symptoms, among others, may be experienced. NUT carcinomas are not specific to any tissue type or organ.
Common sites include the head, neck and mediastinum. The median age at diagnosis is 16–23 years, but older patients may be affected.
Diagnosis
NC when viewed microscopically, are poorly differentiated carcinomas which show abrupt transitions to islands of well-differentiated squamous epithelium. This tumor pattern is not specific or unique to NUT carcinoma, but this pattern is most suggestive of the diagnosis. The neoplastic cells will show a positive reaction with various cytokeratins, p63, CEA, and CD34 immunohistochemistry.
However, the defining feature of NCs is rearrangement of the NUT gene.
Most common is a translocation involving the BRD4 gene and NUT gene (t(15;19)(q13;p13.1)). Therefore, staining with the NUT antibody confirms the diagnosis (although only available in a limited number of laboratories).
Differential diagnosis
The differential diagnosis is quite wide, but it is important to consider this tumor type when seeing a poorly differentiated tumor that shows abrupt areas of keratinization. Other tumors included in the differential diagnosis are sinonasal undifferentiated carcinomas, Ewing sarcoma/Primitive neuroectodermal tumor, leukemia, rhabdomyosarcoma, and melanoma. When NUT midline carcinoma is seen in the head and neck, the squamous lining of the cavities may be entrapped by the neoplastic cells, and so it is important to document the carcinoma cells in the rest of the tumor by a variety of stains (including cytokeratin or p63). One of the most helpful and characteristic findings is the focal abrupt squamous differentiation, where stratification and gradual differentiation are absent, resembling a Hassall corpuscle of the thymus.
Treatment
Currently, the standard treatment approach is a multimodal approach involving surgery as well as radio-chemotherapy. As the mean survival under this treatment regimen is only 5–7 months, more specific treatment options are under investigation: Specific molecular targeted therapies (including BET inhibitors and histone deacetylase inhibitors (HDACi)) may help to yield growth arrest of the neoplastic cells.
Prognosis
NUT carcinoma is very resistant to standard chemotherapy treatments. The tumor may initially respond to therapy, and then rapid recurrence is experienced. A multimodality approach to treatment is advocated, especially since most patients present with advanced disease. Treatment must be tailored to the individual patient, with several promising new targeted molecular therapies in clinical trials. Overall, there is a mean survival of 6–9 months.
See also
BET inhibitor
References
External links
Rare cancers
The Bristol F.3A was a British three-seat, single-engined biplane designed by the British & Colonial Aeroplane Co in 1916 as an anti-Zeppelin fighter. Two prototypes were ordered for the Royal Flying Corps but were not completed and the project was cancelled. In 1923 the type was retrospectively designated the Type 7.
Development
The company was invited to bid for the production of two prototype escorts and anti-Zeppelin fighters, using two 250 hp Rolls-Royce engines made available by the Admiralty. The design was based on the company's twin-engined local defence fighter, the T.T.A., and was required to have a patrol endurance of seven hours. The company received an order on 16 May 1916 to build two prototypes for the Royal Flying Corps. The type used many TTA components including the wings, rear fuselage and tail unit. The two gunners were each accommodated in a nacelle on the top wing with a forward- and rearward-firing machine gun.
With the availability of aircraft with synchronising guns the programme was cancelled and the two aircraft were not built.
Specifications
References
Notes
Bibliography
1910s British fighter aircraft
F.3A
Tramway line T12 Express (known as the Tram-Train Évry-Massy and Tram Express Sud during the planning phase) is a future suburban tram-train line in Paris, France. Designed by Île-de-France Mobilités, it will be operated by SNCF, it will be long and is planned to carry approximately 40,000 passengers. On 22 January 2014, the STIF published a plan presenting the commissioning of the line in 2020. Initially planned to open in 2020, the opening date of the line has been postponed to 2022, and in May 2021, the opening date of T12 was delayed again to 2023.
History
Original RER Project
The line of tram-train Évry - Massy finds its origin in the project of Tangential the South or Tangential Southwest, which suggested connecting by a new RER line the city of Versailles, even that of Achères in Yvelines, to that from Melun in Seine-et-Marne, including Massy and Évry.
The project contained several operations:
The modification of the plan of railways, as well as the creation of a garage, a site of maintenance and a center of management of the operations in Massy-Palaiseau;
The construction of a completely new line of seven kilometers between Épinay-sur-Orge and Grigny, essentially underground;
The creation of two new train stations in Épinay-sur-Orge and to Grigny;
The putting in accessibility of all the stations to the people with reduced mobility;
The replacement of all crosswalks by works of engineering;
The removal of several level crossings on the existing lines.
The studies were presented in committee of follow-up of the STIF on September 23, 2004.
Registered with a 300 million euro budget on the planning contract State-Region in 2000–2006, the project of a global cost about a billion euros was finally abandoned in 2006 considering its cost considered as prohibitive by comparison with its expected effects. The attributed credits were accordingly lost.
Current Project
The tram-train solution
The STIF then proposed a less expensive solution but questioning all the LED studies. On its essonnian part, the project was transformed into a more modest line, but also more viable, connecting Évry with Massy by tram-train, the comfort, the speed and the number of transported passengers being necessarily lower than the initial project.
In February, 2008, the projected calendar was established as it follows:
File of objectives and main characteristics (dossier d'objectifs et de caractéristiques principales (DOCP)) : in February, 2008;
Consultation: in May 25 on July 3, 2009;
Early works: 2015;
Beginning of the building work of the line: in March, 2017
Projected putting into service: 2018.
Within the framework of the "Plan Banlieue" approved by the interministerial committee of the cities of June 20, 2008, the State claimed to be ready to finance at the level of 220 million euros "to support at least 4 specific projects of which the Tramway Line 4 towards Clichy-Montfermeil, the Tangentielle Nord, the Massy-Evry tram-train and the connection RER D/RER B (Barreau de Gonesse)".
The public consultation, which was kept during the second semester 2009, had no unanimous result. The proposed plan met oppositions: the association Tangentielle 8, for example, clearly showed its opposition to the project because of the abandonment of the Juvisy-Massy-Versailles direct link. The association rather proposed a RER line Juvisy-Massy-Versailles disconnected from the RER line C, and, in addition, to create a tramway line between Savigny and Évry.
The fate of the section between Versailles-construction sites and Massy-Palaiseau, who is at present a member of the branch C8, was unknown back then. In 2020, this section must be kept in principle in the plan of the RER C, after its connecting in the branch C2 of the RER C ending in the same place (this railway is moreover used by some Norman TGV intersectors every week). It was later decided to extent the line from Massy-Palaiseau to Versailles-Chantiers, in order to replace completely the branch C2. The projected putting into service is towards the end of 2020.
Déclaration d'utilité publique (declaration of public utility)
The public inquiry of the first phase, that is approximately connecting the multimodal pole of Évry-Courcouronnes with the station of Massy-Palaiseau, was held from January 7 to February 11, 2013 within the various municipalities concerned by the project. The déclaration d'utilité publique was granted on August 22, 2013.
Work
The financial plan of the line, to the amount of 455 million euros, is approved on October 7, 2015 by the STIF. The coverage is ventilated between the State (28%), the region Île-de-France (53%), the Essonne departmental council (15%) and SNCF Réseau (4%). Work began at the beginning of 2017, then the validation of the protocol of financing on March 9, 2017 by the regional elected representatives guaranteed the pursuit of the project for the deadlines, with an opening planned in 2020.
Versailles-Chantiers Extension
At the end of 2008, the SNCF proposed that the section between Versailles-Chantiers and Pont de Rungis (when it will be merged, thanks to the putting into service of the streetcar-train Évry-Massy in 2017) will be integrated into a project of tram-train connecting the stations of Versailles-Chantiers and Sucy-Bonneuil and it will replace the RER C.
However, during the public dialogue on the streetcar-train Évry-Massy, numerous notices expressed themselves in favour of another solution: the extension of the Évry-Massy tram-train to Versailles-Chantiers. Both projects are not compatible.
On January 26, 2011, the State and the Region agreed on the broad guidelines of the public transportation in Île-de-France by quoting the possible extension of the Évry-Massy tram-train to Versailles-Chantiers with the indication of a putting into service planned on 2020.
At the beginning of 2011, the SNCF seemed to notice this choice concerning the section between Versailles-Chantiers and Massy-Palaiseau by suggesting integrating the section between Massy-Palaiseau and Pont de Rungis into a Massy-Palaiseau-Sucy-Bonneuil line via Pont de Rungis.
On May 16, 2013, the STIF officially validated the continuation of the tram-train up to the station of Versailles-Chantiers. The tram-train would completely replace the C8 branch of the RER C. The project was presented in preliminary dialogue from June 1 to July 7, 2013.
2013: consultation
2013-2015: Follow-up studies;
2015: Public inquiry;
2015-2017: In-depth studies;
2017: Beginning of the works;
At the end of 2020: putting into service.
Planned rolling stock
The line Évry-Massy will be run by twenty one Citadis Dualis tram-trains.
The Citadis Dualis, a tram-train version of Citadis, is an electrical equipment 2.65 m wide and 42 m long, with a load in the 11.5-ton axle, the maximal speed of . It is capable of strong accelerations and can climb banisters of 65%. Totally accessible to people with reduced mobility or in wheelchairs, it is endowed with a flat floor 38 cm in height, and can transport 250 people. It can circulate in double or triple units to adapt itself to the traffic. The material will be endowed with an air conditioning system, with a space reserved for the people with reduced mobility, of a video surveillance system as well as a system of visual and sound announcement of the served stations, and a bright display from the plan of the line.
Route
The line Évry-Massy, planned to be long, will serve all in all 16 stations and stations among which 11 new stations, allowing in main-line railway lines the service of the municipalities of Longjumeau, Chilly-Mazarin and finally Épinay-sur-Orge. Then, in an urban tramway network, it will serve the municipalities of Épinay-sur-Orge, Morsang-sur-Orge, Viry-Châtillon, Grigny, Ris-Orangis, Courcouronnes and finally Évry. It will have interchanges with existing Réseau Express Régional (RER) lines B, C and D.
References
External links
Official website
Rail transport in Paris
Line 12
Jennifer Natalya Fink (born Washington, D.C.) is an American author working in experimental feminist and queer fiction. She is best known for her novels Burn, V, and The Mikvah Queen, which was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize in 2010. Her novel, Bhopal Dance (2018), won the FC2 Catherine Doctorow Innovative Fiction Prize in 2017.
Life
Fink holds a Ph.D in Performance Studies from New York University and an MFA in Performance from the School at the Art Institute of Chicago.
She teaches creative writing at Georgetown University.
She is also the founder and director of The Gorilla Press, a non-profit organization that promotes children's literacy through bookmaking workshops.
In 2009, she was the US judge for the Caine Prize for African Literature.
Awards
Won
FC2's Catherine Doctorow Innovative Fiction Prize, Winner for Bhopal Dance, 2017
Billy Heekin Arts Award, Winner for Out on Fire, Stonewall Foundation, 2002
Dana Award, Winner for The Mikvah Queen, 1997.
Georgetown Review Fiction Award, Winner for “World Records,” 1996
Writer's Digest Fiction Award, Second Place Winner for “Vertebrae,” 1996
Story Magazine Naked Fiction Contest, Second Place Winner for “Spit Bugs,” 1996
Story Magazine Short Short Fiction Contest, Second Place Winner for “Slipping,” 1996
Finalist/Nominations
The Clarissa Dalloway Fiction Prize, A Room of Her Own Foundation, Finalist for Bhopal Dance, 2015
The FC2 Catherine Doctorow Innovative Fiction Prize, Finalist for Bhopal Dance, 2015
The FC2 Ronald Sukenick Innovative Fiction Prize, Finalist for Bhopal Dance, 2015
The Willow Books Literature Award, Shortlisted for Bhopal Dance, 2015
The Pen/Faulkner Award, Nomination for Thirteen Fugues, 2011
The Pulitzer Prize, Nomination for The Mikvah Queen, 2010
Amazon Breakthrough Novel Award, Semi-finalist for The Mikvah Queen, 2010
Glimmer Train Short Fiction Award, Finalist for “Fabrications,” 2007
The National Book Award, Nominated for V, 2006
The National Jewish Book Award, Nominated for V, 2006
The National Jewish Book Award, Nominated for Burn, 2003
two girls review Experimental Novel Award, Finalist for manuscript of Thirteen Fugues, 1998
Works
Fiction
Criticism
References
External links
Story at 580 Split
Official Website
21st-century American novelists
Living people
Georgetown University faculty
American women novelists
21st-century American women writers
LGBT writers from the United States
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women academics
Kobieta na krańcu świata (Woman At the End Of the World) is a Polish documentary television series broadcast on TVN. The programme is presented by Martyna Wojciechowska who visits interesting places all over the world and shows the everyday life of women living there. It premiered on 20 September 2009.
List of episodes
Series 1 (2009)
Series 2 (2010)
Series 3 (2011)
Series 4 (2012)
Series 5 (2013)
Series 6 (2014)
Series 7 (2015)
Series 8 (2016)
Series 9 (2017)
Series 10 (2018)
Series 11 (2019)
Series 12 (2020)
International broadcast
References
2000s Polish television series
2010s Polish television series
2020s Polish television series
Polish documentary television series
2009 Polish television series debuts
TVN (Polish TV channel) original programming
CBCA may refer to:
Canada Business Corporations Act, a Canadian law regulating Canadian business corporations
Children's Book Council of Australia, a nonprofit organisation that aims to engage the community with literature for young Australians
Commercial Bank Centrafrique, one of the largest banks in the Central African Republic
Civilian Board of Contract Appeals, the U.S. Civilian Board of Contract Appeals
Central Blockchain Council of America, is blockchain's very first 3rd party platform agnostic credentialing and standards body.
Blaxland can refer to:
People
Gregory Blaxland (1778–1853), pioneer farmer and explorer in Australia, brother of John
Jasper Blaxland (1880–1963), English consultant surgeon
John Blaxland (explorer), pioneer settler and explorer in Australia, brother of Gregory Blaxland (1778–1853)
John Blaxland (politician) (1799–1884), member of NSW Legislative Council, a son of Gregory Blaxland (1778–1853)
John Blaxland (historian), Australian historian and academic
Other uses
Blaxland, New South Wales, a small town
Division of Blaxland, a NSW electoral district in the Australian House of Representatives
Blaxland, Queensland, a locality in the Western Downs Region
See also
Blaxlands Ridge, New South Wales, a suburb near Sydney
William Steuart (1754 – February 12, 1839) was a wealthy planter in colonial Maryland. He inherited the estate of Dodon in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, from his father, planter and politician George H. Steuart.
Early life
Steuart was born in 1754 in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, the fourth son of the planter and politician George H. Steuart (1700–1784). He was raised at Dodon, the family plantation on the South River, near Annapolis, Maryland.
Career
As a young man Steuart served as clerk to the two Judges of the Land Office, his father George H. Steuart and Benedict Swingate Calvert, who was the illegitimate son of Charles Calvert, 5th Baron Baltimore, the third Proprietor Governor of Maryland. The Steuart family's interests were closely linked to those of the ruling Calvert family, and in 1770 there was a disagreement between the upper and lower houses in the Maryland Assembly over the size of fees to be collected by the Land Office. After collecting fees that were larger than those designated by the lower house, Steuart was jailed. In response to this Governor Robert Eden prorogued the assembly, freed Steuart, and removed him from the assembly's jurisdiction. The question of proprietarial fees was to cause considerable discontent among Marylanders during the years immediately preceding the American Revolution.
Revolutionary War
Steuart's family was divided by the Revolution. His father George H. Steuart was a Loyalist politician who, as an ally of the ruling Calvert family, had benefited from substantial political patronage. In addition Steuart held estates in both Maryland and Scotland and, at the outbreak of war, forced to make a choice between loyalty to the Crown and backing the Revolution, he sailed to Scotland, saying that he "could not turn rebel in his old age", and pragmatically dividing his property between his sons. William Steuart accompanied his father to Scotland in 1775 and returned to Maryland after the war was over.
Despite this, according to the memoirs of his nephew Richard Sprigg Steuart, William Steuart was sympathetic to Revolutionary cause. "Uncle William was mild and conciliatory, rather Republican, but with too much respect for his father to say much".
After the end of the war, Steuart inherited the family estate of Dodon, on the South River, near Annapolis, Maryland. He was a founder member of the Maryland Jockey Club, re-established after the war's end on Saturday, March 1, 1783, at Mr Mann's tavern in Annapolis. Club rules were set down including that the plate given by the club should be run on the first Tuesday of November, at Annapolis, that the prize money should be "sixty guineas", and that the annual subscription should be "three guineas".
Will and Legacy
William Steuart died unmarried, leaving a substantial estate in land and slaves which was apportioned among his surviving family members. His will left detailed instructions on which family members would inherit the substantial Steuart estates in Maryland. According to the memoirs of his nephew Richard Sprigg Steuart "The fifth of my grandfather's children was William, also a bachelor, [who] left a very large landed property and numerous slaves. He was our good old "Uncle Billy".
He is buried at the family estate of Dodon on the South River, near Annapolis.
See also
Colonial families of Maryland
Province of Maryland
Steuart family
Notes
References
Andrews, Matthew Page, History of Maryland, Doubleday Doran & Co, New York City (1929).
Brugger, Robert J., p.109, Maryland, A Middle Temperament: 1634-1980 Retrieved August 2010
Griffith, Thomas Waters, Annals of Baltimore, 1815 Retrieved August 2010
Kilty, John, p.270, The land-Holder's Assistant, and Land-Office Guide Retrieved August 2010
Nelker, Gladys P., The Clan Steuart, Genealogical Publishing (1970).
Papenfeuse Edward C., and others, A Biographical Dictionary of the Maryland Legislature, 1635-1789, The Johns Hopkins University Press, 2009.
Richardson. Hester Dorey, Side-Lights on Maryland History: With Sketches of Early Maryland Families, Williams and Wilkins (1913). ASIN: B000VAWR4Q
Steuart, Richard Sprigg, Dr. George Steuart of Annapolis and Doden, Anne Arundel County and his descendants, S.N. 1955, ASIN: B0007GTCFG
Yentsch, Anne E, p.387, A Chesapeake Family and their Slaves: a Study in Historical Archaeology, Cambridge University Press (1994) Retrieved August 2010
External links
Steuart in Niles Weekly Register Volume 52, 1837 Retrieved August 2010
People of colonial Maryland
People of Maryland in the American Revolution
William
American planters
People from Anne Arundel County, Maryland
1754 births
1838 deaths
Maryland in the American Revolution
American people of Scottish descent
William
American slave owners
Shaposhnikov (Russian: Шапошников) is a Russian occupational masculine surname originating from the word shaposhnik, meaning hatter, its feminine counterpart is Shaposhnikova. The surname is known in Russia since at least 17th century and may refer to:
Adrian Shaposhnikov (1888–1967), Russian classical music composer
Aita Shaposhnikova (born 1957), Yakut translator and critic
Aleksei Shaposhnikov (1899–1962), Soviet football player
Aleksei Shaposhnikov (politician) (born 1973), Russian politician
Anna Shaposhnikova (born 1999), Russian handball player
Boris Shaposhnikov (1882–1945), Soviet military commander in the interwar period
Leonid Shaposhnikov (born 1969), Ukrainian rower
Matvey Shaposhnikov (1906–1994), Soviet military commander
Natalia Shaposhnikova (born 1961), Russian artistic gymnast
Sergei Shaposhnikov (1923–2021), Russian football player and coach
Tatyana Shaposhnikova (born 1946), Russian-born Swedish mathematician
Yevgeny Shaposhnikov (1942−2020), last Minister of Defence of the Soviet Union
See also
Shaposhnik
References
Russian-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Patronymic surnames
María Revuelto Sánchez-Aguilera (born 27 January 1982) is a Spanish basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1982 births
Living people
Spanish women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Spain
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
The Mianus River Railroad Bridge, also known as the Cos Cob Bridge, is a bascule drawbridge built in 1904 over the Mianus River, in Greenwich, Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The bridge carries the Northeast Corridor, the busiest rail line in the United States, both in terms of ridership and service frequency. It is operated by the Metro-North Railroad, successor to Conrail, Penn Central, and the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad, which erected it, and is owned by the Connecticut Department of Transportation.
It is a rolling lift type moveable bridge, and was prefabricated by the American Bridge Company, to replace a previous unsafe bridge on the site. It has a total length of , divided into 11 spans. Seven of these are deck truss spans, while the others are deck girder spans, all set on stone abutments. The main movable span is long; four of the truss spans are in length.
It is one of eight moveable bridges on the Northeast Corridor through Connecticut surveyed in one multiple property study in 1986. The eight bridges from west to east are: this Mianus River Railroad Bridge, at Cos Cob, built in 1904; Norwalk River Railroad Bridge at South Norwalk, 1896; Saugatuck River Railroad Bridge at Westport, 1905; Pequonnock River Railroad Bridge at Bridgeport, 1902; Housatonic River Railroad Bridge, at Devon, 1905; Connecticut River Railroad Bridge, Old Saybrook-Old Lyme, 1907; Niantic River Bridge, East Lyme-Waterford, 1907; and Thames River Bridge (Amtrak), Groton, built in 1919. The Pequonnock River bridge—also on Metro-North's New Haven Line, as are the Norwalk, Westport, and Devon bridges—has since been replaced.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Greenwich, Connecticut
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
References
External links
Railroad bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
Bridges completed in 1904
Bridges in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Greenwich, Connecticut
Railroad bridges in Connecticut
New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad bridges
Bascule bridges in the United States
Drawbridges on the National Register of Historic Places
National Register of Historic Places in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Girder bridges in the United States
Flexi may refer to:
The flexi disc, a type of vinyl phonograph record
The "Flexi truck", a type of Forklift truck
Flexible-fuel vehicles
Flexitarianism, a semi-vegetarian diet
Flextime plans, a working arrangement with variable schedules
Flexi was going to be the preliminary name of Tentro, a character from the Mixels franchise.
John Dodington (c. 1522 – 1585) of Westminster, was an English Member of Parliament. He represented Westminster in 1572. Offices held include clerk of the engrossment of pay books, comptroller of the pipe c. 1566; and burgess of Westminster 1585.
References
1520s births
1585 deaths
People from Westminster
English MPs 1572–1583
"Beibi" () is a song by Finnish pop rock band Haloo Helsinki!. It was released on by Sony Music Entertainment as the lead single from their upcoming, fifth studio album Kiitos ei ole kirosana. In September 2014, the song peaked at number one on the Official Finnish Singles Chart, Download Chart and Airplay Chart.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Official music video of "Beibi" on YouTube
2014 singles
Haloo Helsinki! songs
Finnish-language songs
Number-one singles in Finland
2014 songs
is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for RC Cannes. She played for the Japan national team during the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Career
Kotoki became a volleyball player at 9 years old. While in high school Kotoki served as captain of the team, and played as setter.
On 1 April 2008 Kotoki joined Hisamitsu Springs.
In March 2011 Kotoki was selected a member of national team, for which she played in the Montreux Volley Masters and the FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup.
Clubs
Okinawa Prefectural Chubu Commercial High School.
Hisamitsu Springs (2008-2016)
RC Cannes (2016-2017)
Hisamitsu Springs (2017-
Awards
Individual
2011-2012 V.Premier League - Best Receiver, Best Libero.
2015 Montreux Volley Masters - Best Libero
Team
2011–12 V.Premier League - Runner-up, with Hisamitsu Springs.
2014 - Empress's Cup - Champion, with Hisamitsu Springs.
2014-2015 V.Premier League - Runner-Up, with Hisamitsu Springs.
National Team
2015 Montreux Volley Masters - Silver medal
National team
National team (2011-)
References
External links
FIVB Biography
Japan Volleyball League Biography
Japanese women's volleyball players
Living people
1990 births
Japan women's international volleyball players
Olympic volleyball players of Japan
Volleyball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Anders August Rajala (30 June 1891 – 7 March 1957) was a Finnish wrestler. He competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics and the 1920 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1891 births
1957 deaths
Sportspeople from Tampere
People from Häme Province (Grand Duchy of Finland)
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
Johannes Metger (15 December 1850, Groothusen - 24 January 1926, Kiel) was a German chess master.
He tied for 2nd-4th at Cologne 1877 (the 11th WDSB-Congress, Johannes Zukertort won), took 9th at Leipzig 1877 (the 3rd MDSB-Congress, Louis Paulsen won), took 7th at Frankfurt 1878 (the 12th WDSB-Congress, Paulsen won), and won in local tournaments at Schwerin 1883, Rostock 1884, and Wismer 1886.
He tied for 14-16th at Frankfurt 1887 (the 5th DSB Congress, George Henry Mackenzie won), took 6th at Nuremberg 1888 (Siegbert Tarrasch won), took 12th at Breslau 1889 (the 6th DSB-Congress, Tarrasch won), tied for 4-6th at Kiel 1893 (the 8th DSB-Congress, Curt von Bardeleben and Carl August Walbrodt won), took 12th at Berlin 1897 (Rudolf Charousek won), won at Altona 1897 (Quadrangular), took 3rd at Kiel 1900 (Quadrangular), shared 1st at Kiel 1901 (Quadrangular), and tied for 23-24th at Ostend 1907 (Ossip Bernstein and Akiba Rubinstein won).
His name is attached to the Metger Variation in the Four Knights Game (C47): 1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Nc3 Nf6 4.Bb5 Bb4 5.0-0 0-0 6.d3 d6 7.Bg5 Bxc3 8.bxc3 Qe7 9.Re1 Nd8 (with the idea of playing this Knight to e6)
He is an author of Die Schachschule (Leipzig 1886), and Der achte Kongress des Deutschen Schachbundes (Leipzig 1894).
He directed in 1925 the Baden-Baden tournament (won by Alexander Alekhine).
References
1850 births
1926 deaths
German chess players
Korea University (고려대학교) most commonly refers to a private university in South Korea.
Korea University Anam Campus is the main campus in Seoul. The main portion of the campus is located in Anam-dong, Seoul
Korea University Sejong Campus is a campus mainly in Sejong
Korea University (조선대학교) may also refer to:
Korea University (Japan), a private university-level miscellaneous school affiliated by pro-North Korea Chongryon and located in Kodaira, Tokyo
A brilliant is a diamond or other gemstone cut in a particular form with numerous facets so as to have exceptional brilliance. The shape resembles that of a cone and provides maximized light return through the top of the diamond.
Even with modern techniques, the cutting and polishing of a diamond crystal always results in a dramatic loss of weight; rarely is it less than 50%. The round brilliant cut is preferred when the crystal is an octahedron, as often two stones may be cut from one such crystal. Oddly shaped crystals such as macles are more likely to be cut in a fancy cut—that is, a cut other than the round brilliant—which the particular crystal shape lends itself to.
Facet proportions and names
The original round brilliant-cut was developed by Marcel Tolkowsky in 1919. The ideal proportions are 100% diameter, 53% table, 43.1% pavilion and 16.2% crown. The girdle and culet (if anynot part of Tolkowsky's original design) are cut from the ideal brilliant. The modern round brilliant consists of 58 facets (or 57 if the culet is excluded), ordinarily today cut in two pyramids placed base to base: 33 on the crown (the top half above the middle or girdle of the stone), truncated comparatively near its base by the table, and 25 on the pavilion (the lower half below the girdle), which has only the apex cut off to form the culet, around which 8 extra facets are sometimes added. In recent decades, most girdles are faceted. Many girdles have 32, 64, 80, or 96 facets; these facets are not counted in the total. While the facet count is standard, the actual proportions (crown height and angle, pavilion depth, etc.) are not universally agreed upon. Some gem cutters refer to an American brilliant cut or a Scandinavian brilliant cut. According to Green et al. 2001:
Figures 1 and 2 show the facets of a round brilliant diamond.
Figure 1 assumes that the "thick part of the girdle" is the same thickness at all 16 "thick parts". It does not consider the effects of indexed upper girdle facets.
Figure 2 is adapted from Figure 37 of Marcel Tolkowsky's Diamond Design, which was originally published in 1919. Since 1919, the lower girdle facets have become longer. As a result, the pavilion main facets have become narrower.
Cut grading
The relationship between the crown angle and the pavilion angle has the greatest effect on the look of the diamond. A slightly steep pavilion angle can sometimes be complemented by a shallower crown angle, and vice versa.
Other proportions also affect the look of the diamond:
The table ratio is highly significant.
The length of the lower girdle facets affects whether Hearts and arrows can be seen in the stone, under certain viewers.
Most round brilliant diamonds have roughly the same girdle thickness at all 16 "thick parts".
So-called "cheated" girdles have thicker girdles where the main facets touch the girdle than where adjacent upper girdle facets touch the girdle. These stones weigh more (for a given diameter, average girdle thickness, crown angle, pavilion angle, and table ratio), and have worse optical performance (their upper girdle facets appear dark in some lighting conditions).
So-called "painted" girdles have thinner girdles where the main facets touch the girdle than where adjacent upper girdle facets touch the girdle. These stones (such as EightStar-brand diamonds) have less light leakage at the edge of the stone (for a given crown angle, pavilion angle, and table ratio). Some diamonds with painted girdles receive lower grades in the GIA's cut grading system, for reasons given in a 2005 GIA article.
Several groups have developed diamond cut grading standards. They all disagree somewhat on which proportions make the best cut. There are certain proportions that are considered best by two or more groups however.
The AGA standards may be the strictest. David Atlas (who developed the AGA standards) has suggested that they are overly strict.
The HCA (Holloway Cut Adviser) changed several times between 2001 and 2004. , an HCA score below two represented an excellent cut. The HCA distinguishes between brilliant, Tolkowsky, and fiery cuts.
The American Gem Society (AGS) standards changed in 2005 to better match Tolkowsky's model and Octonus' ray tracing results. The 2005 AGS standards penalize stones with "cheated" girdles. They grade from 0 to 10.
The GIA began grading cut on every grading report beginning 2006 based on their comprehensive study of 20,000 proportions with 70,000 observations of 2,000 diamonds. The single descriptive words are as follows: Excellent, Very Good, Good, Fair, and Poor.
The distance from the viewer's eye to the diamond is important.
The 2005 AGS cut standards are based on a distance of 25 centimeters (about 10 inches).
The 2004 HCA cut standards are based on a distance of 40 centimeters (about 16 inches).
Polish and symmetry are two important aspects of the cut. The polish grade describes the smoothness of the diamond's facets, and the symmetry grade refers to alignment of the facets. With poor polish, the surface of a facet can be dulled, and may create blurred or dulled sparkle. It may constantly look like it needs to be cleaned. With poor symmetry, light can be misdirected as it enters and exits the diamond.
Hearts and arrows phenomenon
A diamond that has the top facet or "table facet" exactly perpendicular to the bottom of the diamond or "pavilion" and has its other facets precisely aligned with excellent symmetry, may show patterns that look like arrows from the top and hearts from the bottom. Generally it will need to be viewed loose under a gemscope to see the pattern very well. Although the hearts and arrows property is indicative of a top-tier cut, it does not always mean the diamond will be the most brilliant. Optimal facet placement is the key to brilliance and more important than facet patterning. Not all ideal round cuts will have the hearts and arrows effect either.
See also
Diamond cut
Diamond cutting
Princess cut
List of diamonds
References
External links
Antique Jewelry University - Brilliant Cut
Video: How a Diamond is Cut and Polished at Eurostar Diamonds International
Tolkowsky, Marcel (1919). Diamond Design: A Study of the Reflection and Refraction of Light in a Diamond. London: E. & F.N. Spon, Ltd. (Web edition edited by Jasper Paulsen, Seattle, 2001.)
Diamond cutting
Gemstone cutting
pl:Szlif brylantowy
ru:Бриллиантовая огранка
A procedure is a document that instructs workers on executing one or more activities of a business process. It describes the sequence of steps, and specifies for each step what needs to be done, often including when the procedure should be executed and by whom.
Organizations typically document procedures in their published Policy and Procedures guide, or their Standard Operating Procedure guide.
For example all airlines provide their pilots a S.O.P which holds all the information regarding flying.
While procedures typically detail high level steps, a Work Instruction would provide more detail, for example the tools to use and how precisely to use the tools to carry out the procedure.
References
Business process management
Operating procedures
Batrachedra angusta is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Libya.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moses Hoagland (June 19, 1812 – April 16, 1865) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born near Baltimore, Maryland, Hoagland attended the local public schools. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1842, commencing practice in Millersburg, Ohio. He served in the Ohio infantry during the Mexican War and was promoted to the rank of major for bravery in action.
Hoagland was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-first Congress (March 4, 1849 – March 3, 1851). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1850 to the Thirty-second Congress and returned home to resume the practice of law. He was appointed associate justice for the Territory of Washington on June 21, 1853, but declined to accept the position.
He died in Millersburg and was interred in Oak Hill Cemetery.
Sources
1812 births
1865 deaths
People from Baltimore County, Maryland
People from Millersburg, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
United States Army officers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
The 1999–00 LEN Champions League was the 37th edition of LEN's premier competition for men's water polo clubs. It ran from 27 October 1999 to 27 May 2000, and it was contested by 28 teams. The Final Four (semifinals, final, and third place game) took place on May 26 and May 27 in Bečej.
Preliminary round
Blue Group
Red Group
Final Four (Bečej)
Final standings
See also
1999–00 LEN Cup Winners' Cup
1999–00 LEN Cup
LEN Champions League seasons
Champions League
1999 in water polo
2000 in water polo
Karel Kožíšek is a Czech sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s. He won five medals in the C-4 200 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (1998) and four silvers (1999, 2001, 2002, 2003).
References
Czech male canoeists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
Elena Alekseevna Porosniuc (also spelled Porozhnyuk or Porojniuc; born 22 October 1987) is a retired Moldovan football defender, last played for Kubanochka Krasnodar in the Russian Championship. She previously played for Nadezhda Noginsk and Energiya Voronezh and she was a member of the currently inactive Moldovan national team.
At the end of 2017 season she retired from playing and became a coach in Kubanochka club system.
See also
List of Moldova women's international footballers
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Women's association football defenders
Moldovan women's footballers
Sportspeople from Chișinău
Moldova women's international footballers
Russian Women's Football Championship players
Nadezhda Noginsk players
FC Energy Voronezh players
Kubanochka Krasnodar players
Moldovan expatriate footballers
Moldovan expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate women's footballers in Russia
Louis Alfred Holland, Sr. (December 13, 1941 – February 16, 2016) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1964. He played college football previously with the University of Wisconsin. After his football career he was an investment management executive. In 2011, he was inducted into the University of Wisconsin Athletics Hall of Fame. Holland was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2010 and lived in a nursing home in Oak Park, Illinois. He died in 2016 at the age of 74.
References
1941 births
BC Lions players
2016 deaths
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Sportspeople from Kenosha, Wisconsin
Captain Kenneth Mackenzie, 2nd of Suddie was a Scottish soldier who was killed at the Battle of Mulroy in 1688 whilst commanding Government troops against rebel Scottish clans.
Lineage
He was the son of Alexander Mackenzie, 1st of Suddie and his wife Mary, daughter of Mr Bruce of Airth. He belonged to the Clan Mackenzie.
Career
Kenneth Mackenzie of Suddie served as a Captain in Dumbarton's Regiment in France in 1666, and later as a Royalist in Scotland. He was made commander of an Independent Highland Company raised to help keep order in the Highlands on behalf of the Scottish Government, and in 1685, had received instructions from the Privy Council of Scotland to step-up more aggressive and punitive action against the caterans and broken men. They had been so successful in this task that it was recommended that another Independent Highland Company should be set up to help keep the peace in the south. In 1688, the Privy Council ordered Mackenzie of Suddie and his company to support Mackintosh of Mackintosh in his feud against MacDonald of Keppoch. He was killed fighting against the MacDonalds in the subsequent Battle of Mulroy in August 1688, and his Independent Highland Company suffered very heavy losses.
Family
Kenneth Mackenzie of Suddie had married Isobel, daughter of John Paterson, Bishop of Ross and had the following children:
Kenneth Mackenzie, 3rd of Suddie, heir and successor.
George Mackenzie, who was killed during the failed Darien scheme.
Margaret Mackenzie, who married as his first wife, Colonel Alexander Mackenzie of Conansbay, son of Kenneth Mackenzie, 3rd Earl of Seaforth, chief of Clan Mackenzie.
Alice Mackenzie who married firstly, in 1698, John Macdonald of Balcony, only son of Sir James Macdonald, chief of the Clan Macdonald of Sleat. Alice married secondly, John Maclean who was a medical doctor in Inverness.
Independent Highland Company
See also
Thomas Mackenzie of Pluscarden
Hector Roy Mackenzie
References
Mackenzie, Kenneth
Clan Mackenzie
Waterfront Park is an eight-acre (5 ha) park along approximately one-half mile of the Cooper River in Charleston, South Carolina. The park received the 2007 Landmark Award from the American Society of Landscape Architects and the National Trust for Historic Preservation. This award "recognizes a distinguished landscape architecture project completed between 15 and 50 years ago that retains its original design integrity and contributes significantly to the public realm of the community in which it is located."
History
The location of the park, between Vendue Range to the north and Adger's Wharf to the south, had historically been a center of maritime traffic with several wharves and shipping terminals. The area entered a long period of decline, capped in June 1955 by a fire at a steamship terminal at the site. By 1980, the site was an "overgrown area marred by charred pilings and gravel parking lots."
Mayor Joseph P. Riley, Jr. began making plans for a park on the site soon after taking office in 1975. Acquisition of land began in 1979, and after more than a decade of planning, fund-raising and clearing environmental hurdles, the parks department and Ruscon Construction Co. broke ground in 1988. Work on the $13 million park progressed into 1989, and a target opening date was set for May 4, 1990. In September 1989, Hurricane Hugo struck, causing about $1 million of damage to the park. Nevertheless, the park opened on May 11, just one week past the pre-hurricane projection.
Design
The park was designed by Stuart O. Dawson of Sasaki Associates with assistance from Edward Pinckney Associates and has received many design awards. The park is composed of distinct sections. At the northern entrance to the park at the foot of Vendue Range (a street in Charleston), a large fountain was built which anchors the end of the park. From the fountain, Vendue Wharf is a wide, wooden pier which extends into the Cooper River and offers sheltered swings. A floating dock is attached at the far end and provides unobstructed views of the Ravenel Bridge, Charleston Harbor, Castle Pinckney, the U.S.S. Yorktown at Patriot's Point, and Fort Sumter. The pier extends into the river approximately the same length as the Tidewater Terminals, Inc. facility had, and its charred pilings from the 1955 fire are still visible.
The largest portion of the park, between Vendue Range to the north and Exchange St. to the south, is itself made of two distinct sections. Running along Concord St. and Prioleau St. for approximately one-quarter mile is a dense canopy of oak trees and many benches. Parallel the shady urban park and immediately adjacent to the riverfront is an open lawn landscaped with palmetto trees. The 1,200 foot palmetto lined esplanade follows the natural water line ensuring public access to the water's edge. In the middle of the grassy lawn is the Pineapple Fountain, a large fountain shaped like a pineapple located immediately in front of the City Gallery.
At the southern end of the park, the formal esplanade follows the curve of the shore and turns back toward Concord Street. At Exchange Street, the park merges into restored salt marshes, creating valuable maritime habitat. Pedestrians can walk to the edge of the river at this point from Exchange Street to North Adger's Wharf. At the riverfront end of North Adger's Wharf, the 17th century pier was rebuilt in the original footprint with the original granite which was fished out of the river and reused. The pier was reconstructed using log cribbing construction of native palmetto trees to last for many generations. The pier marks the southern edge of the park.
Gallery
References
Sasaki Associates, Inc. et al., Charleston Waterfront Park: Master Plan (1980).
Parks in Charleston, South Carolina
1990 establishments in South Carolina
John Christopher Antonio "JC" Intal (born November 18, 1983) is a Filipino former professional basketball player. He last played for the Phoenix Super LPG Fuel Masters of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). He is married to television host and model Bianca Gonzalez.
Early life and college career
Born in Minalin, Pampanga, Philippines, Intal initially studied at Claret School of Quezon City before he transferred to Letran he became a part of the Letran Squires high school varsity team. When he was in Grade 7, he made his first dunk. After his high school days, he tried out for the Ateneo Blue Eagles. While playing for the Blue Eagles, he was placed in the Team B and upon his second year in college he became a member of Team A. He was the part of the team that won its first UAAP Senior's Basketball Championship in 2002. He ended his college career in 2006 with a loss to the UST Growling Tigers in the UAAP Finals in that same year.
While in college, he played amateur basketball for the Harbour Centre Batang Pier of the Philippine Basketball League, where he became known for his high-flying abilities, thus earning the nickname The Rocket, having won the Slam Dunk contest in 2003.
Professional career
Air 21/ Barako Bull Energy
Intal was drafted 4th overall by the Air21 Express in the 2007 PBA draft. He only played one conference in his rookie season, as he had a rare skin disease that prevented him from sweating, causing him to miss the next conferences while he sought treatment. After 6 months, he was able to play again.
Barangay Ginebra Kings
In 2009, he was acquired by Barangay Ginebra Kings via a trade. In three seasons with the Kings, he was a reliable role player, complementing with leading scorers Mark Caguioa, Jayjay Helterbrand and Eric Menk, and stepping up for them when they were injured. He was named Player of the Week for the week of February 1 to 7 after averaging 26.5 points, 10 rebounds, 3.5 assists and 2 blocks and for scoring a career-high 28 points in Ginebra's 113–100 quarterfinals win over the Talk ‘N Text Tropang Texters.
B-Meg Llamados/ San Mig Coffee Mixers
After three seasons with Ginebra, he was again traded to B-Meg (now San Mig Coffee) via a blockbuster three team trade in exchange for Kerby Raymundo and Dylan Ababou. While playing for San Mig, he suffered a meniscus tear in his left knee, causing him to miss basketball action for four months in 2012. Before he could return to full health, he came back into active play, but was never fully healthy, by which his left knee became swollen after every game. He was able to win one championship with the Coffee Mixers in the 2012 Commissioner's Cup.
Barako Bull Energy/Phoenix Super LPG Fuel Masters
Intal was traded again, this time to Barako Bull via a blockbuster 10-man, 5-team trade in January 2013.
He posted career highs in scoring, rebounds and assists in the 2014-15 season. That season, he competed in the Three-Point Shootout and the Slam Dunk Contest. He also won another Player of the Week award.
Before the start of the 2016 Governors' Cup, it was revealed that he had bone spurs in his ankles. He made his conference debut at Phoenix's last game of the conference.
In the 2017 Philippine Cup, he received another Player of the Week award.
In his last season, the 2020 Philippine Cup, the Fuel Masters made it all the way to the semifinals. After that season, he announced on his Instagram account that he had retired.
PBA career statistics
Season-by-season averages
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Air21
| 32 || 11.9 || .291 || .164 || .589 || 1.1 || 1.3 || .3 || .2 || 4.5
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Air21 / Barangay Ginebra
| 41 || 15.0 || .366 || .236 || .479 || 2.8 || 1.0 || .5 || .5 || 5.5
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barangay Ginebra
| 40 || 21.4 || .420 || .339 || .659 || 4.4 || 1.3 || .9 || .6 || 10.4
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barangay Ginebra
| 44 || 16.2 || .325 || .298 || .732 || 2.9 || 1.0 || .5 || .6 || 5.6
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barangay Ginebra / B-Meg
| 49 || 19.7 || .360 || .221 || .651 || 4.1 || 1.3 || .4 || .3 || 6.2
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | San Mig Coffee / Barako Bull
| 35 || 16.3 || .272 || .189 || .696 || 2.7 || 1.3 || .5 || .2 || 3.8
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barako Bull
| 34 || 22.3 || .378 || .289 || .698 || 4.5 || 1.2 || .6 || .5 || 9.1
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barako Bull
|| 36 || 30.4 || .399 || .294 || .593 || 5.7 || 1.9 || .9 || .4 || 12.8
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barako Bull / Phoenix
|| 26 || 29.5 || .361 || .262 || .675 || 5.1 || 1.7 || .6 || .5 || 11.8
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Phoenix
|| 34 || 22.5 || .371 || .311 || .742 || 3.6 || 1.7 || .7 || .6 || 10.1
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Phoenix
|| 35 || 14.3 || .323 || .250 || .583 || 2.8 || 1.0 || .8 || .4 || 4.0
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Phoenix
|| 25 || 17.2 || .346 || .267 || .688 || 4.5 || 1.4 || .3 || .4 || 5.0
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Phoenix
|| 16 || 14.3 || .361 || .297 || .727 || 2.6 || 1.8 || .4 || .1 || 4.4
|-class=sortbottom
| align=center colspan=2 | Career
| 447 || 19.3 || .362 || .272 || .646 || 3.6 || 1.3 || .6 || .4 || 7.2
International career
Intal was part of the 16-man Gilas Pilipinas 3.0 pool that was gearing up for the 2015 FIBA Asia Championship. After a successful stint in the 2015 Toyota Four Nations Cup and the 37th William Jones Cup in Taiwan, he was named to the Final 12 roster that represented the country in the FIBA Asia tournament.
Personal life
Intal was engaged to TV host Bianca Gonzalez, his girlfriend since 2011. On March 20, 2014, he proposed to Gonzalez at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport Terminal 2, as the latter was about to depart for London. Intal's parents and couple Cheska Garcia and Doug Kramer were among those who witnessed the proposal. Intal and Gonzalez married on December 4, 2014, in El Nido, Palawan. In April 2015, television host Boy Abunda announced on his program Aquino & Abunda Tonight that Gonzalez and Intal expecting their first child. Their first child, who they named Lucia Martine was born in October 23, 2015.
He has a younger brother, Rex, who plays volleyball for the national team and also played volleyball for Ateneo.
Since retiring, he has focused more on his career as an artist, specifically abstract painting. Since 2020, he has had 2 exhibits.
References
1983 births
Living people
Ateneo Blue Eagles men's basketball players
Barako Bull Energy draft picks
Barako Bull Energy players
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel players
Basketball players from Quezon City
Colegio de San Juan de Letran alumni
Magnolia Hotshots players
Philippine Basketball Association All-Stars
Philippines men's national basketball team players
Filipino men's basketball players
Phoenix Super LPG Fuel Masters players
Small forwards
Epichloë sibirica is a haploid species in the fungal genus Epichloë.
A systemic and seed-transmissible grass symbiont first described in 2009, Epichloë sibirica is a sister lineage to Epichloë gansuensis and an early branching clade on the Epichloë tree.
Epichloë sibirica is found in Asia, where it has been identified in the grass species Achnatherum sibiricum. Epichloë sibirica is not known to be sexual.
References
sibirica
Fungi described in 2009
Fungi of Asia
Aang Witarsa (8 December 1930 – 8 August 1998) was an Indonesian footballer. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1930 births
1998 deaths
Indonesian footballers
Indonesia international footballers
Olympic footballers of Indonesia
Footballers at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Association football forwards
The list of shipwrecks in April 1875 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during April 1875.
1 April
2 April
3 April
4 April
5 April
6 April
7 April
8 April
9 April
10 April
11 April
12 April
13 April
14 April
15 April
17 April
18 April
19 April
20 April
21 April
22 April
23 April
24 April
25 April
26 April
27 April
28 April
29 April
30 April
Unknown date
References
1875-04
Maritime incidents in April 1875
Adam Donald Bailey (born 13 January 1989) is a English professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Hong Kong Premier League club HKFC.
Coaching career
As well as playing football, Bailey is the director of football at Vikings FC, a football club in Hong Kong.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
Yau Yee Football League profile
Living people
1989 births
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Hong Kong First Division League players
Hong Kong Premier League players
Hong Kong FC players
Double Flower FA players
English expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in Hong Kong
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Kato is an indigenous village in the Potaro-Siparuni Region of Guyana. The village is mainly inhabited by Patamona people. The village is located in the Pacaraima Mountains.
Overview
The economy of the village is based on farming and gathering semi precious stones which are turned into jewelry at the Monkey Mountain lapidary.
The village has a primary and a secondary school. Kato has access to internet. The nearest hospital is located in Mahdia which can only be accessed by plane. A hydroelectric plant is under construction on the waterfalls of the nearby Chiung River and will provide electricity for Kato and neighbouring Paramakatoi.
Transport
There is an unpaved road between Karasabai and Kato. Kato is served by Kato Airport.
References
External links
Kato Village Facebook page
Indigenous villages in Guyana
Populated places in Potaro-Siparuni
The Isuzu Reach is a walk-through van built atop an Isuzu NPR chassis, with a body developed by Utilimaster. It was first presented in March 2011 at the National Truck Equipment Association's "Work Truck Show". The van is only sold in North America, where it is also assembled.
Design
The Reach uses the Isuzu NPR's ladder chassis and also the three-litre 4JJ1-TC diesel engine used in the NPR Eco-Max. The body is a full walk-through design developed by Utilimaster, and offers the buyer the choice of swing-out rear doors or a roll-up unit. Both UPS and FedEx use the Reach for city delivery work. Two lengths are available on a single wheelbase, offering cargo volumes of either .
Aftermarket power-train company XL Hybrids announced a hybrid-electric version of the Reach in March 2015 for the Work Truck Show in Indianapolis, using their XL3 Hybrid Electric Drive System.
References
External links
Isuzu Reach page (USA)
Reach
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Cab over vehicles
Vans
2010s cars
Motor vehicles manufactured in the United States
Vehicles introduced in 2011
Iao may refer to:
IAO (album), an album by avant jazz musician John Zorn
Iao (Gnosticism), an archon corresponding to Jupiter
Iao Theater, a theater in Wailuku, Hawaii
Iao Valley, a tourist attraction in Maui, Hawaii
Sayak Airport (IATA code: IAO), also known as Siargao Airport, in Surigao del Norte, Philippines
ιαω, an early Greek form of the tetragrammaton, or name of God
IAO may stand for:
Incorporated Association Of Organists
Indian Astronomical Observatory, home of the highest telescope in the world
Information Awareness Office, a branch of the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA)
Interests, Activities, and Opinions - IAO or psychographic variables
International Accreditation Organization (Houston, TX)
International Academy of Osteopathy, an international school offering academic training in osteopathy
International Astronomy Olympiad, an astronomy competition for high-school students
Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy, an organization of parliamentarians of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Institut d'Asie Orientale (Lyons Institute of East Asian Studies), a centre for research in human and social sciences at Université Lumière-Lyon 2 and Institut d'études politiques de Lyon
Institute for Art and Olfaction, a non-profit organization
Istituto agronomico per l'oltremare (Overseas Agronomic Institute), a technical and scientific body of the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs
See also
Yao (disambiguation)
Wilhelm Victor Keidel (March 2, 1825 – January 9, 1870) was the first doctor and first Chief Justice in Gillespie County, Texas. He was a veteran of the Mexican–American War. Keidel founded the settlement of Pedernales.
Early life
Wilhelm Victor Keidel was born in Hildesheim, Kingdom of Hanover, Germany on March 2, 1825 to Dr. Georg Keidel. He attended Georg Augusts Universität in Göttingen from 1841 to 1845.
On September 1, 1845, at the age of twenty, Keidel boarded the Brig Margaretha, captained by a man named Libben, in Bremen, Germany and disembarked in Galveston, Texas on December 1, 1845.
Gillespie County
In the Mexican–American War, fellow German colonist and veteran of the French Foreign Legion Augustus Buchel formed the First Regiment of Texas Foot Rifles, serving as its captain. Emil Kriewitz was a co-founding member of the company of eighty volunteers. Keidel enlisted with the unit. On May 22, 1846, the company was drafted into the service of Col. Albert Sidney Johnston as Company H, First Texas Rifle Volunteers. The unit saw service at Matamoros, Tamaulipas and Camargo. A combination of bad climate and bad living conditions decimated the unit, most of whom were discharged.
Upon discharge, Keidel moved to Fredericksburg. He was appointed by John O. Meusebach to be the Verein physician in Fredericksburg, Gillespie County's first doctor. At the age of twenty-three, he became the county's first Chief Justice in 1848.
He relocated and founded the Pedernales Settlement on the river of the same name, where he became the leader. For any settlers who would relocate with him to the settlement, he agreed to give them free medical care. By 1850 the settlement had forty-four residents of German descent. On September 11, 1854, he hosted a meeting to plan Live Oak School and was elected trustee. Keidel founded the political and cultural club Society for Good Fellowship and Promotion of General Information. His community beautification project was to plant hackberry trees along local roads.
Keidel gave medical treatment to both whites and Native Americans without regard to race. The Native Americans paid Keidel with fresh venison and turkeys. During the American Civil War, Keidel refused align himself with either side, and gave medical care where needed, without regard to the allegiance of the patient.
State Convention of Germans
Keidel was elected vice president of the 1854 State Convention of Germans in San Antonio. The meeting adopted a political, social and religious platform, including: 1) Equal pay for equal work; 2) Direct election of the President of the United States; 3) Abolition of capital punishment; 4) "Slavery is an evil, the abolition of which is a requirement of democratic principles.."; 5) Free schools – including universities – supported by the state, without religious influence; and 6) Total separation of church and state.
Personal life and death
Dr. Keidel was married and widowed twice. His first wife Albertina Kramer died in childbirth on July 1, 1852. Their son Dr. Albert Keidel built the Keidel Memorial Hospital in Fredericksburg. Albert died December 21, 1914. Keidel's second marriage was to Caroline Kott of the Bear community in 1856. Caroline's health declined while she was carrying the couple's son Herman in 1865. The family relocated back to Fredericksburg, and Caroline died of a fever in August 1865 after Herman's birth.
Keidel died of typhus pneumonia on January 9, 1870 and is buried with his second wife and her sister in the Kott Family Cemetery in Gillespie County.
Notes
References
1825 births
1870 deaths
German emigrants to the Republic of Texas
German emigrants to the United States
German-American history
German-American culture in Texas
People from Hildesheim
People from Fredericksburg, Texas
Deaths from pneumonia in Texas
American city founders
Physicians from Texas
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
American judges
University of Göttingen alumni
Deaths from typhus
19th-century American judges
The Hundred is a professional franchise 100-ball cricket tournament involving eight men's and eight women's teams located in major cities across England and Wales. The tournament is run by the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) and took place for the first time in July and August 2021.
The format was invented with the expectation that each match lasts around two-and-a-half hours. The BBC showed free-to-air broadcasts of the competition, while all of the women's matches and some of the men's matches were available to stream for free on Sky Sports' YouTube channel.
Almost all the matches take place as back-to-back double-headers at the same venue on the same day. One ticket gives access to both the men's and women's games. The men's salaries are four times higher than the women's, but the tournament prize money is equal.
History
A new city-based cricket Twenty20 competition similar to the Indian Premier League was first proposed by the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) in September 2016. Following early discussions between the 18 first-class counties, the Professional Cricketers' Association (PCA) and the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) they voted 16–3 in favour of developing the competition. On 26 April 2017, members of the ECB voted by 38-3 to push ahead with the new competition.
The idea of switching the competition from the established Twenty20 format to an entirely new type of cricket was first proposed by Sanjay Patel, the ECB's chief commercial officer, in a private October 2017 meeting with senior cricket officials. He argued that the hundred ball format would be simpler to understand for new audiences that the competition wants to attract.
Former England player and Northern Superchargers head coach Dani Hazell stated that the tournament would help with investment into the women's regional structure and the tournament would be an important learning experience for domestic players.
The tournament was delayed by a year due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Format
One-hundred-ball cricket is a form of limited overs cricket, played by two teams each playing a single innings made up of 100 balls. Games last approximately two and a half hours.
The format of the game is:
100 balls per innings
A change of ends after 10 balls
Bowlers deliver either five or 10 consecutive balls
Each bowler can deliver a maximum of 20 balls per game
Each bowling side gets a strategic time-out of up to two and a half minutes
A 25-ball powerplay start for each team
Two fielders are allowed outside the initial 30-yard circle during the powerplay
The non-striker must return to their original end after a caught dismissal
No-balls are worth two runs and a free hit
Slow over-rates are penalised by one fewer fielder being permitted outside the ring for the final over.
Tournament structure
Eight city-based teams compete during the school summer holidays. All men's and women's matches are held on the same day at the same grounds. In total there were 32 matches in the league. Each team played four matches at home and four matches away, This will include one match against every other side and then a second bonus match against their nearest regional rivals.
The team that ultimately finishes top of the men's and women's league progresses straight into the final. The teams finishing second and third will compete in the Eliminator (or semi-final), with the winner progressing into the final.
Reaction
The decision to create an entirely new format of cricket, with teams based in just seven major cities, has split opinion between traditionalists who favour the historic county cricket structure and those who wish to see change.
Some current England players have been positive about the Hundred. England's Test captain at the time, Joe Root, welcomed the ECB's plans, believing it would attract a completely new audience to the game. ODI and T20 captain Eoin Morgan expressed a similar opinion. Former T20 captain Stuart Broad said he was hugely optimistic about the new format. Michael Vaughan echoed Broad's comments, believing that it would be an appealing concept to broadcasters, and Michael Atherton stated while a T20 match was rarely completed in a three-hour window, this can be achieved with the Hundred.
However, former MCC chief Keith Bradshaw said he hoped the 100-ball tournament would not be "innovation for innovation's sake", and voiced his concern that the new format would mean that the ECB could not exploit the T20 boom. The England and Wales Professional Cricketers' Association announced that, overall, players were "open-minded" about the tournament. India captain Virat Kohli cited concerns about the commercialisation of cricket and was not entirely in favour of the new version of the game.
After the teams and branding was announced, anti-obesity groups criticised the sponsorship from snack food company KP Snacks.
Social media reaction has also been split. During the player draft on the 20 October 2019, the Twitter hashtag "#OpposeThe100" began trending, with a vocal section of cricket fans dismayed at the format of the competition, particularly fans of counties whose home grounds are not among the eight used by city franchises. Wisden noted that the response on Twitter and Facebook "has usually been cutting" but there has been less negativity on Instagram which is "mainly used by a younger age group".
Women cricketers have been particularly enthusiastic about the new format and the decision to run both competitions in parallel, with the same prize money, allowing many to turn professional for the first time.
At the conclusion of the inaugural season, it was revealed that 55% of tickets were bought by people who had never bought one before, and that several records were set with regards to television viewing and match attendance figures, particularly for the women's matches. Former England women's captain Charlotte Edwards said that the tournament had "single-handedly changed women's cricket in this country".
Teams
Before the eight teams were confirmed, it was reported that they would carry a different identity from the long-established county teams and would not be named after cities, counties or venues. However, in May 2019, the team names were revealed to be:
Squads
Each male and female team is made up of 15 players, of whom a maximum of four can be overseas players. Players are signed using a draft system common in other franchise leagues. At least one England cricket team player is signed to each of the teams competing in The Hundred. The salary cap per team for the 2022 season is £1,000,000.
Finals
Women's finals
List of women's finals of The Hundred.
Men's final
List of men's finals of The Hundred.
Broadcasting
All games are televised by Sky Sports, with the BBC also showing 10 men's and 8 women's games free-to-air.
FanCode acquired exclusive four-year broadcast rights for India.
In Germany, Sky Sport streamed the initial tournament on their website. They used the signal from Sky Sports UK.
See also
T20 Blast
100-ball cricket
References
External links
Official website
English domestic cricket competitions
Professional sports leagues in England
Cricket events postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Professional sports leagues in the United Kingdom
Recurring sporting events established in 2021
Night Without Sleep is a 1952 mystery film noir directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Gary Merrill, Linda Darnell and Hildegarde Neff.
Plot
A composer, Richard Morton experiences blackouts and cannot account for his actions. He seems to recall a woman's screams and a conversation with his wife, Emily, but it's all a blur.
Morton goes to see his friend John Harkness and is introduced to a film actress, Julie Bannon, and is attracted to her. He also apparently has made a date with Lisa Muller, who is angry when Morton shows up two hours late. He loses his temper and threatens her.
Julie goes out with Morton and attempts to seduce him, but something in my resists. He returns to Lisa and begins to menace her again, only to suffer another blackout. When he wakes up, Morton is in his own home by himself and isn't sure where he has been or what he has done.
He phones Lisa and learns she is all right. Concerned, he contacts Julie as well, but she also has not been harmed. Morton is glad that his violent temper did not cause him to lose control and that the woman's screams are all in his mind, until he goes to his own bedroom for the night and finds his wife there, dead.
Cast
Gary Merrill as Richard Morton
Linda Darnell as Julie Bannon
Hildegarde Neff as Lisa Muller
June Vincent as Emily Morton
Hugh Beaumont as John Harkness
Joyce MacKenzie as Laura Harkness
Donald Randolph as Dr. Clarke
Reception
Critical response
Film critic Bosley Crowther was caustic in his review of the film, "As hopeless a bout with insomnia as ever you want to endure is pictured in wearying progression in Twentieth Century-Fox's Night Without Sleep, which landed yesterday at the Palace with the Walcott-Marciano fight pictures and eight acts of vaudeville ... Without spark, without inspiration, without intelligence and without suspense, this bleak exercise in morbid mooning moves slowly and barely, if at all."
References
External links
1952 films
American mystery thriller films
American black-and-white films
Film noir
Films directed by Roy Ward Baker
Films scored by Cyril J. Mockridge
20th Century Fox films
1950s mystery thriller films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Acanthocalycium is a genus of cactus consisting of several species from Argentina. The taxon name comes from Greek akantha (meaning prickly) and kalyx (meaning buds), which refers to the spines on the floral tubes.
These plants are globose to elongate, with numerous ribs on the spiny stems. Flowers range from white to pink to red and open during the day.
Taxonomy
Spinicalycium Fric (nom. inval.) has been brought into synonymy with this genus. Besides, the genus Acanthocalycium has been periodically included in the genus Echinopsis.
Species
References
Edward F. Anderson, The Cactus Family (Timber Press, 2001), pp. 105–106
Willy Cullmann, Erich Götz & Gerhard Gröner, The Encyclopedia of Cacti (Alphabooks, 1086). pp. 124–125
Cacti of South America
Endemic flora of Argentina
Cactoideae genera
Liesbeth van Tongeren (born 31 March 1958 in Vlaardingen) is a Dutch politician, and former civil servant and director of Greenpeace Netherlands (2003–2010). As a member of GroenLinks, she was a member of the House of Representatives from 17 June 2010 to 13 June 2018. She focuses on matters of climate, energy, spatial planning, conservation and traffic. On 7 June 2018, she was appointed alderwoman of The Hague. Her portfolio as alderwoman consists of sustainability and energy transition.
Van Tongeren grew up in Almelo and obtained an LL.B. from VU University Amsterdam and an LL.M. in international law from the University of Amsterdam.
References
Parlement.com biography
External links
Municipality of The Hague biography
1958 births
Living people
Aldermen of The Hague
Dutch activists
Dutch women activists
Dutch civil servants
Dutch environmentalists
Dutch women environmentalists
Dutch women jurists
GroenLinks politicians
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
People associated with Greenpeace
People from Almelo
People from Vlaardingen
University of Amsterdam alumni
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam alumni
21st-century Dutch politicians
21st-century Dutch women politicians
Borivoje Đorđević (; born 2 August 1948) is a Serbian former footballer.
Club career
While playing in Partizan, he was known for his excellent assists and as an extraordinary playmaker. For a full decade there, he played a total of 322 matches and scored 50 goals. Afterwards, he decided to play the rest of his career abroad. First, he played for Panathinaikos from 1975 to 1978 winning the Greek championship, the Greek cup in 1977 and the Balkan cup, and then, he opted to play in German club SV Eintracht Trier 05 where he finished his playing career in 1980.
International career
He played for the national team in all its youth levels and, in all but the seniors, archived to be the team captain. He played for the Yugoslavia national team nine matches, and his highest moment was the participation at UEFA Euro 1968. His debut was on 12 November 1967 in Belgrade against Albania (a 4–0 win) and his last match was on 21 April 1971, in Novi Sad, in a friendly against Romania (0–1 loss).
Honours
Partizan
European Champions Cup finalist: 1966
Yugoslavia
UEFA European Championship: 1968
Panathinaikos
Greek Championship champion: 1976–77
Greek Cup winner: 1977
Balkan Cup winner: 1977
References
External links
Serbian national football team website
1948 births
Living people
Footballers from Belgrade
SV Eintracht Trier 05 players
Expatriate footballers in West Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Greece
FK Partizan players
Panathinaikos F.C. players
Super League Greece players
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
UEFA Euro 1968 players
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Association football midfielders
Yugoslav First League players
2. Bundesliga players
The Best of David Bowie 1980/1987 is a compilation album by English singer-songwriter David Bowie. The CD was originally released by EMI as part of The Platinum Collection in 2005/2006. The 2007 release is part of EMI's two-disc Sight & Sound series, each of which features a CD and DVD of material from the same artist. The DVD portion of the collection features two videos previously unreleased on DVD - "When the Wind Blows" and "The Drowned Girl".
Track listing
All songs written by David Bowie, except where noted.
CD
DVD
Chart performance
References
David Bowie video albums
David Bowie compilation albums
2007 greatest hits albums
2007 video albums
Music video compilation albums
EMI Records compilation albums
EMI Records video albums
Virgin Records compilation albums
The LA84 Foundation (known until June 2007 as the Amateur Athletic Foundation of Los Angeles) is a private, nonprofit institution created by the Los Angeles Olympic Organizing Committee to manage Southern California's endowment from the 1984 Olympic Games. Under an agreement made in 1979, 40 percent of any surplus was to stay in Southern California, with the other 60 percent going to the United States Olympic Committee. The total surplus was $232.5 million. Southern California's share was approximately $93 million.
The LA84 Foundation's mission is to promote and expand youth sports opportunities in Southern California and to increase knowledge of sport and its impact on people's lives. Since inception, the Foundation has invested more than $225 million in Southern California by awarding grants to youth sports organizations, initiating sports and coaching education programs, and operating the world's premier sports library.
Grants are awarded to organizations that provide on-going, structured youth sports programs combining the essential elements of teaching, learning and competition. The Foundation makes grants in the eight southernmost counties of California (Imperial, Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Barbara and Ventura). Youth organizations in the Los Angeles area receive priority. The LA84 Foundation has made grants to more than 1,100 Southern California organizations since 1985.
The LA84 Foundation has initiated programs to meet the youth sports needs of Southern California and to create models that can be applied elsewhere. These include the LA84 Foundation Coaching Education Program as well as large-scale sports programs such as Summer Swim and Run 4 Fun, which serve nearly 20,000 children and teenagers each year.
The Foundation's headquarters is the historic Eugene W. Britt House, a Registered Historic Place located at 2141 West Adams Boulevard in Los Angeles' Jefferson Park neighborhood. It was formerly a sports museum that featured the Helms Athletic Foundation's collection of sports books, film, photographs and memorabilia. First Interstate Bank and the Peter and Ginny Ueberroth Foundation donated the Helms Collection, house and grounds to the LA84 Foundation in the summer of 1985.
The Paul Ziffren Sports Resource Center houses the world's premier sports library. The library maintains an extensive collection of books, periodicals, photograph and moving footage, with a special emphasis on the Olympic Games. The traditional library has been supplemented by the development of an extensive electronic collection of 100,000 PDFs including scholarly publications, popular magazine and primary historical documents available at no cost on the LA84 Foundation website.
The LA84 Foundation also hosts conferences and sponsors research on a variety of sport topics. The LA84 Foundations practical knowledge, acquired through years of direct involvement in youth sports, combined with its wide range of education services enables the Foundation to serve as a leading forum for the exchange of ideas and exploration of issues in sport.
In June 2007, the Foundation adopted the name LA84 Foundation to establish a unique identity and honor the spirit of the 1984 Olympic Games, which created the Foundation's endowment.
The swimming stadium used for the 1932 Olympic Games has been renamed the LA84 Foundation/John C. Argue Swim Stadium. Argue was instrumental in bringing the 1984 Olympic Games to Los Angeles. He later served as chair of the LA84 Foundation.
References
Amateur Athletic Foundation of Los Angeles (2004). Serving youth through sport. Los Angeles : Amateur Athletic Foundation of Los Angeles.
Los Angeles Olympic Organizing Committee (1985). Official Report of the Games of the XXIIIrd Olympiad, Los Angeles, 1984. Los Angeles: Los Angeles Olympic Organizing Committee. .
External links
Sports foundations based in the United States
International Sports Heritage Association
1984 Summer Olympics
Southern California
Sports charities
Non-profit organizations based in Los Angeles
Addisu Demissie is a Democratic Party political strategist. He managed Cory Booker's 2020 presidential campaign, Gavin Newsom's 2018 California gubernatorial campaign, Rahm Emanuel's 2011 Chicago mayoral campaign, and David Chiu's 2011 San Francisco mayoral campaign. He also worked on the 2008 presidential campaigns of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign, and John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign. He worked for Organizing for America. He also founded 50+1 Strategies.
Early life and education
Born in Canada, Demissie immigrated to the United States.
Demissie received a bachelor degree in political science from Yale University in 2001, and a Juris Doctor from Yale Law School in 2008.
Career
Before attending law school, Demissie started his political career working on John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign. He both worked in Iowa and served as its Georgia field director at points in the campaign. During the 2008 United States presidential election Demissie first worked on Hillary Clinton's campaign in the Democratic primaries. Clinton would lose the primaries to Barack Obama. During the general election, he worked as the Ohio get out the vote director for Obama's campaign, holding that position from August 2008 through the November election.
In 2009, Demissie was named as a political director for the Organizing for America community organizing project of the Democratic National Committee.
From May 2010, he became a policy counsel at Google. He left Google in October 2010 to work as the field director of Rahm Emanuel's successful campaign in the 2011 Chicago mayoral election, holding that position through the election day in February 2011. In 2011 and 2012, he worked for a number of campaigns in California. This included David Chiu's unsuccessful campaign in the 2011 San Francisco mayoral election. He also co-founded 50+1 Strategies, a consulting firm based in California.
In 2013, Demissie served as the campaign manager of Cory Booker's successful campaign in the 2013 United States Senate special election in New Jersey.
In February 2014, he became vice president and director of grassroots advocacy of The Messina Group, a position he would hold until February 2017.
During the 2016 United States presidential election, Demissie served as the national voter outreach and mobilization director of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign.
Demissie served as campaign manager of Gavin Newsom's successful campaign in the 2018 California gubernatorial election. He held this position from September 2017 through the election in November 2018.
In 2019, he began working in the position of principal consultant at his firm 50+1 Strategies.
In 2019, Demissie became the campaign manager of Cory Booker's, ultimately unsuccessful, 2020 presidential campaign. After Joe Biden became the presumptive nominee for the Democratic Party, in June 2020, Biden named Demissie to be a senior advisor involved in coordinating the 2020 Democratic National Convention.
In February 2021, Demissie and a number of other Democratic strategist launched the group Building Back Together, which will run ads promoting the agenda of the Biden administration.
References
American political consultants
Barack Obama 2008 presidential campaign
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Cory Booker
Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign
Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign
Living people
Yale Law School alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kirill Semyonovich Serebrennikov (; born 7 September 1969) is a Russian stage and film director and theatre designer. Since 2012, he has been the artistic director of the Gogol Center in Moscow. He is one of Russia's leading theatre and cinema directors and winner of numerous international awards.
In 2017 he was arrested for alleged embezzlement of the state funds given to the Seventh Studio, a cultural institution he headed. Serebrennikov spent almost 2 years under house arrest, key witness confessed that she made accusations under pressure from the investigators, the judge was changed. Media, international cultural community and human rights activists unanimously considered the case politically motivated and fabricated because Serebrennikov was known for liberal and LGBT-friendly stance that opposes Russian official conservative position. In June 2020, Serebrennikov was sentenced guilty and given three years of probation, in March 2022 the sentence was cancelled.
Biography
Family and early years
Serebrennikov was born in Rostov-on-Don, Russian SFSR to a Jewish father and a Ukrainian mother. His father was a surgeon, while his mother was a teacher of Russian language and literature. Having graduated from Rostov State University with majors in physics in 1992. Serebrennikov had no formal theatre education prior to his stage director debut in 1994. Kirill's grandfather Alexander Ivanovich Litvin was a film director and screenwriter, he worked at Moldova-Film in (1953–1972) and was titled an Honored Culture Worker of the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic.
As recalled by his mother, Serebrennikov was drawn to theater as early as in kindergarten age. He studied at the math school, in the 8th grade he established his own student theater and staged a play called ‘Shadow'. Following the will of his parents, he entered the Physics department at the end graduated with honours in 1992, but soon after graduation he started working on TV.
Career
Serebrennikov made his first steps as a professional director as early as in 1990. In 1998 he emerged as a film director. In 2001, he staged his first production in Moscow. Serebrennikov has staged ‘Plastilin' at the Centre of Drama and Directing. Later he worked Moscow Chekhov Theatre, Latvian National Theatre, Theatre of Nations. He has been active in opera staging productions for the Mariinsky Theatre, and the Bolshoi Theatre in Russia, where he has also been a stage director and a designer for a ballet, Komische Oper Berlin and Stuttgart Opera in Germany.
In 2006 Serebrennikov became an art director of the ‘Territory' International Festival. Since 2008, he is a professor of the Moscow Art Theatre School, where he has a class of actors and directors. His productions have been presented at the Wiener Festwochen, and the Avignon Theatre Festival. His films have been screened at Cannes Film Festival, Locarno Film Festival, Rome Film Festival, and the Warsaw International Film Festival where his film Yuri's Day (2008) received the Grand Prix. His film The Student (2016) was awarded a prize in the Un Certain Regard section at the Cannes Film Festival. In 2009 Serebrennikov launched the Platforma art incubator, a platform that supported theatre projects around Russia. By 2015, more than 340 projects were staged and released.
In 2011 Serebrennikov staged Rimsky-Korsakov's ‘The Golden Cockerel' for the Bolshoi. The play received wide acclaims and was perceived by many as a ‘biting satire' on Kremlin.
In 2012, he was appointed artistic director of The Gogol Center. Under Serebrennikov it evolved into the world-renowned center of liberal art. However, many peers criticized the new director for his edginess and running against the conservative course led by Russian authorities.
For TV, Serebrennikov directed more than 100 commercials, two documentaries, 11 music videos and three TV series. In 2006-2007 Serebrennikov hosted ‘Drugoe Kino' (‘Other Cinema') TV show at the TV3 channel. In 2007 he hosted a talk-show ‘' at the STS (TV channel).
In 2016 his version of the ‘Barber of Seville' was premiered at the Komische Oper Berlin.
Three plays of Serebrennikov were awarded at the Festival d'Avignon: ‘The Idiots', ‘Dead Souls' and ‘Outside' (2019).In 2019 he staged ‘Nasha Alla' (‘Our Alla'), a tribute to the Russian Prima Donna Alla Pugacheva.
Arrest and prosecution
On 23 May 2017, Serebrennikov's apartment and the Gogol Center facilities were raided by law enforcement agents in connection with an alleged embezzlement at the Seventh Studio. While initially no charges against Serebrennikov have been filed, some of Russia's most prominent cultural figures saw the publicized raid of his apartment as a political gesture, discouraging Serebrennikov and others from criticizing the government. Serebrennikov had criticised the 2014 Russian annexation of Crimea and has spoken out in support of Russia's LGBT community. Vladimir Urin, and Yevgeny Mironov, among others, in May 2017 expressed their support of Serebrennikov in a letter passed on to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a public function. In July 2017 Serebrennikov's premiere of the ballet ‘Nureyev' in Bolshoi was cancelled at the last minute.
On 22 August 2017, Serebrennikov was detained by the Investigative Committee of Russia, suspected of masterminding a fraud scheme involving a state subsidy of almost 129 million rubles (about $1.9 million) the Seventh Studio received from the government of Russiafor the ‘Platforma' project from 2011 to 2014. Serebrennikov has been placed under house arrest until 19 October. Seventh Studio former director Yuri Itin has already been placed under house arrest since 31 May 2017. Ex-chief accountant of Seventh Studio, Nina Maslyaeva, gave confessions and has been held in custody since then. Serebrennikov refused any accusations and called the charges laughable. According to him, all the money were spent for the theater that thrived and became a world-renowned institution. On August 23, 2017, hundreds of people gathered in front of the courthouse protesting against arrest. The case received significant media coverage and was unanimously perceived as politically motivated. Colleagues told the media that Serebrennikov was hated by many officials for his views. 34 prominent artists and cultural workers pledged to guarantee Serebrennikov's bail payment. More than 3500 artists signed a letter of support asking the Culture Ministry to drop charges from the director. The prosecutors asked for six years in prison.
During Serebrennikov's house arrest, in December 2017 his ballet ‘Nureev' was premiered at the Bolshoi. Later, in 2018, the ballet received the ‘Benois de la Danse' award.
The trial was called Kafkaesque in the media and unanimously perceived as a political mock by Serebrennikov supporters. Though the ‘Platform' bookkeeping was indeed sloppy, the prosecutors tried to claim that the play ‘A Midsummer Night's Dream' was never staged, though it was actually released, played abroad and won numerous international awards. Key witness of prosecution Eleonora Filimonova later told the court that she was pressured and threatened by the investigators. The house arrest was prolonged several times. After 18 months, in June 2020, Serebrennikov was convicted and given three years of probation and a three-year ban on leading any cultural institution with governmental support. He was also required to pay a fine of 800,000 roubles. Itin and Maslyaeva were also sentenced to probation.
On November 12, 2021, Serebrennikov repaid 129 mln roubles claimed as compensation by the Culture Ministry. In February 2021, Serebrennikov was fired from the Gogol Centre.
On March 28, 2022, the court canceled the suspended sentence taking into account that all financial damage was repaid and Serebrennikov received a positive profile during his term. The travel ban was lifted and Kirill was able to leave Russia.
Further work
Serebrennikov worked fruitfully even during the home arrest: he watched videos from rehearsals, recorded the comments and sent them to cast with the help of his lawyers. That way he managed to release Mozart's “Così Fan Tutte” in Zurich and Verdi's “Nabucco” in Hamburg. In 2020 his 'Decamerone' was shown in Berlin. In 2018 his movie Leto about Russian rock legends Viktor Tsoi and Mike Naumenko entered the main competition of the Cannes Film Festival. In April 2021 Wagner's “Parsifal” premiered in the Vienna State Opera.
Serebrennikov opposed 2022 Russian Invasion of Ukraine. For this, Bolshoi canceled his ballet ‘Nureyev'.
In March 2022 Serebrennikov was chosen to open the 76th Festival d'Avignon. His new play ‘The Black Monk' premiered at the Festival in July 2022.
His film Petrov's Flu (2021) received the Vulcan award for best cinematography at Cannes Film Festival.
In May 2022 Serebrennikov became the only Russian director to participate in the Cannes Film Festival with his film Tchaikovsky's Wife.
Filmography
Films
Undressed (1998)
Ragin (2004)
Playing the Victim (2006)
Yuri's Day (2008)
Crush: 5 Love Stories (2009)
Betrayal (2012)
The Student (2016)
Leto (2018)
Petrov's Flu (2021)
Tchaikovsky's Wife (2022)
Limonov, the Ballad of Eddie (2023)
Television
Rostov-Papa (2001), 10 episodes
The Murderer's Diary (2002), 12 episodes
The Golovlyov Family (2006), based on Mikhail Saltykov-Shchedrin's eponumous novel.
Bed Stories (2003)
Awards
The Europe Prize New Theatrical Realities sponsored by European Commission (2017)
the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres (2018);
Person of the Year in 2018 (Association of Theatre Critics) and 2019 (GQ)
References
1969 births
Living people
Moscow Art Theater
Moscow Art Theatre School faculty
Prix Benois de la Danse winners
Recipients of the Nika Award
Russian film directors
Russian music video directors
Russian opera directors
Russian theatre directors
Russian activists against the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Russian people of Ukrainian descent
External links
Coelho () is a Portuguese surname meaning "rabbit". Notable people with the surname include:
Arnaldo Cézar Coelho, Brazilian football referee
Bento Coelho da Silveira (ca. 1630-1708), Portuguese painter
Carlos Coelho, Portuguese politician
Carlos Pinto Coelho, Portuguese journalist, writer, photographer and media professor.
Claire Coelho, Australian football (soccer) player.
Duarte Coelho, Portuguese nobleman and colonial administrator
Dyego Rocha Coelho, Brazilian football player
Eduardo Teixeira Coelho, maker of comic books
Eduardo Prado Coelho, Portuguese writer, journalist, columnist and university professor.
Eliane Coelho, Brazilian soprano
Elzo Coelho, Brazilian football player
Evelina Coelho, Portuguese artist
Fabián Coelho, Uruguayan football player
Gaspar Coelho, Portuguese Jesuit
Gonçalo Coelho, Portuguese explorer
Henrique Maximiano Coelho Neto, Brazilian writer, politician, and professor
Humberto Coelho, Portuguese football player
Jaime Luiz Coelho (1916–2013), Brazilian Roman Catholic archbishop
Jackson Avelino Coelho, commonly known as Jajá, Brazilian footballer born 1986
Jackson Coelho Silva, Brazilian footballer
José Dias Coelho, Portuguese painter and sculptor
José da Silva Coelho, Goan Catholic writer
Manuel Rodrigues Coelho, Portuguese organist and composer
Maria de Belém Roseira Martins Coelho Henriques de Pina, Portuguese politician
Mário Coelho Pinto de Andrade, Angolan poet and politician
Nicolau Coelho, Portuguese explorer
Nuno André Coelho, Portuguese footballer
Nuno Miguel Prata Coelho, Portuguese footballer
Paulo Coelho, Brazilian lyricist and novelist
Paulo de Almeida Coelho, Portuguese Paralympic athlete
Pedro Passos Coelho, Portuguese politician and prime minister
Sara Pinto Coelho, Portuguese writer and playwright
Tony Coelho, American congressman
See also
Engenheiro Coelho, a municipality in São Paulo state in Brazil.
Pedro Manuel Oliveira Martins (born 1988), known as Coelho, Portuguese futsal player
Conejo, a Spanish-language surname, variant of Coelho
Portuguese-language surnames
Surnames from nicknames
The Luna Theater, at 2-6 Main St. in Clayton, New Mexico, is a historic theatre that was built in 1915–1916. It was opened as the Mission Theater in 1915 and was renamed to the Luna Theater in 1935.
The building includes Mission/Spanish Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
The theater was saved by preservationists and continues to show movies today.
See also
Eklund Hotel, across the street, also National Register-listed
National Register of Historic Places listings in Union County, New Mexico
References
External links
The Luna Theater in Clayton, NM, YouTube video on Luna Theater history
Clayton's Luna Theater Video NM MainStreet, another YouTube video
Clayton, NM: Luna Theater
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in New Mexico
Mission Revival architecture in New Mexico
Buildings and structures completed in 1916
Buildings and structures in Union County, New Mexico
National Register of Historic Places in Union County, New Mexico
Sascha Rösler (born 28 October 1977) is a German retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Youth
Born in Tettnang, Rösler first played football in 1982 for TSV Meckenbeuren. Via VfB Friedrichshafen, for which he played from 1990, he moved on to SSV Ulm 1846 in 1992.
SSV Ulm
In 1996, he was promoted to SSV Ulm's first team in the German Regionalliga Süd. Between 1996 and 1998, Rösler played 54 games and scored 13 goals. In 1998, the club was promoted to the second German League (2. Bundesliga). He scored three goals in 27 games and the club was promoted to the Bundesliga at the end of the season. In the first league season 1999–2000, Rösler played 26 times, he only played two entire 90-minute games and did not score a goal. Ulm was relegated that year. In the following season, Rösler played 29 times scoring eight goals in total. Ulm was relegated once more at the end of the season. In his three years as professional player with SSV Ulm, he also played five games in the DFB-Pokal, scoring one goal.
1860 München und Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
In 2001, Rösler joined the Bundesliga club TSV 1860 München. He played for them once in the UI-Cup and had no further appearance in the following months. In November 2001, he was loaned second league club Rot-Weiß Oberhausen where he played 21 games and scored five goals.
Greuther Fürth
For the 2002–03 season, he moved to 2. Bundesliga club SpVgg Greuther Fürth. In his first season with Fürth, Rösler scored 13 goals in 32 games.
Borussia Mönchengladbach
On 4 November 2008, he was suspended and called up for the second team of Borussia Mönchengladbach. He was released by the club in December 2008.
TSV 1860 München
On 8 January 2009, he moved to TSV 1860 München.
Fortuna Düsseldorf
After the end of his contract in Munich on 30 June 2010, he signed up with Fortuna Düsseldorf in October 2010. Rösler helped the Fortuna to get back to the Bundesliga and announced he was planning to retire after spending two seasons in Düsseldorf.
Alemannia Aachen
On 30 May 2012, it was announced that Rösler would return to 3. Liga side Alemannia Aachen for the 2012–13 season. He retired at the end of the season after Alemannia was relegated.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
German footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
Germany B international footballers
SSV Ulm 1846 players
TSV 1860 Munich players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
Alemannia Aachen players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
Borussia Mönchengladbach players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Association football forwards
John Clay Davies (January 1857 – January 10, 1925) was an American lawyer and politician.
Life
He was born in January 1857 in Utica, Oneida County, New York. He attended Hamilton College for a short time. He was admitted to the bar in 1878, and practiced in Camden.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Oneida Co., 3rd D.) in 1887.
He was Deputy Attorney General under Theodore E. Hancock from 1894 to 1898. He was a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1894. He was New York Attorney General from 1899 to 1902, elected at the New York state election, 1898, and re-elected at the New York state election, 1900. He was a delegate to the 1900 Republican National Convention. In 1902, he was the Republican candidate for Justice of the New York Supreme Court in the heavily Republican Fifth Judicial District, but was defeated in a landslide by Democrat Watson M. Rogers. Even his party fellows had accused him of incompetence, and had favored the nomination of an independent candidate.
In 1905, he was appointed a Commissioner of the State Board on Gas and Electricity (State Lighting Commission) by Governor Frank W. Higgins.
He died on January 10, 1925, in Camden, New York.
Congressman John C. Davies II (1920–2002) was his grandson.
Sources
1857 births
1925 deaths
New York State Attorneys General
Politicians from Utica, New York
Members of the New York State Assembly
Hamilton College (New York) alumni
Wystan Tremayne Le Cren Curnow (born 1939) is a New Zealand art critic, poet, academic, arts administrator, and independent curator. He is the son of Elizabeth Curnow, a painter and printmaker, and poet Allen Curnow.
Biography
Curnow was born in Christchurch in 1939 to Elizabeth and Allen Curnow. He was named after the modernist poet W.H. Auden (Wystan Hugh). His parents' home in the Christchurch suburb of Merivale was a hub for writers, artists, actors, and composers. Allen Curnow was closely associated with Denis Glover's flagship publishing business, Caxton Press, and the group of writers around this project, including Charles Brasch, Walter D'Arcy Cresswell, A. R. D. Fairburn, R.A.K. Mason and Ursula Bethell. Elizabeth Curnow was friends with artists such as Leo Bensemann, Evelyn Page, Douglas MacDiarmid, and Rita Angus.
The Curnow family moved to Auckland's North Shore in 1951, after Allen Curnow was offered a job lecturing in the English Department at Auckland University College. Wystan Curnow was educated at Takapuna Grammar School, and went on to complete a Masters of Arts in English with first-class honours at Auckland University College, graduating in 1961.
In 1961, Curnow married Susan Matthews, and they have four sons together.
In 1963, Curnow and his family moved to Philadelphia, where Curnow studied at the University of Pennsylvania under the supervision of Morse Peckham. Curnow studied 19th-century American literature and literary theory. His PhD thesis was entitled Melville's poetry up to 1876, and was completed in 1970. Curnow lectured in the English Department at the University of Rochester between 1967 and 1969, before returning to Auckland in 1970 to take up a lecturing position in the English Department at the University of Auckland, where for a number of years he worked alongside his father.
Curnow has been based in Auckland since 1970, though has spent significant periods overseas, particularly in the United States and, most recently in 2010 undertook the Seresin Landfall Residency in Tuscany.
Career
Art critic
Curnow is active in both literature and the visual arts. His writing and interests have been significantly influenced by his time in the United States in the 1960s (and lengthy return trips in the late 1970s and early 1980s) and his exposure to American modernist painting and conceptual art, and the writing of the language poets.
Curnow has written consistently on New Zealand post-object art and abstract painting from the 1970s onwards. Throughout his career, he has written most regularly on the work of artists Colin McCahon, Max Gimblett, Lawrence Weiner, Len Lye, Billy Apple, and Imants Tillers.
Curnow is also closely associated with many of the post-object and conceptual artists who were active in New Zealand from the 1970s onwards. Curnow had met artist Jim Allen in Auckland and when Curnow returned to Auckland in 1970, Allen was Head of the Sculpture Department at Elam School of Fine Arts at Auckland University. Allen and Curnow worked together often, and Curnow became an informal critic for the burgeoning post-object art scene centred on Allen and Elam. Artists whose work Curnow wrote about during this time were Peter Roche, Linda Buis, Andrew Drummond, David Mealing, Roger Peters, and Bruce Barber.
In 1973, Curnow edited the anthology Essays on New Zealand Literature (Auckland: Heinemann). This included his essay High Culture in a Small Province, which elucidates his position on art, literature, and cultural production more widely and its position within western society. This essay draws on the sociological writing of Curnow's PhD supervisor, Morse Peckham.
Jim Allen and Curnow also edited the most significant record of post-object art in the 1970s, New Art: Some Recent New Zealand Sculpture and Post-object Art (Auckland: Heinemann, 1976).
During the 1980s in particular, Curnow was also closely involved in small print run, so-called ‘little magazines' where he published both poetry and art criticism. These publications are characterised by an interest in the developing theory of postmodernism, gaining academic traction at this time and included Parallax (he was a contributing editor), AND, and Splash (he was co-editor).
Throughout the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s, Curnow contributed writing and criticism to a wide range of visual arts publications including international imprints Artforum, Studio International, Art Asia Pacific, Art and Text, Art and Australia, and New Zealand magazines and journals, including Art New Zealand, Midwest, New Zealand Listener, Art News New Zealand, Bulletin of New Zealand Art History, Log Illustrated, and Reading Room.
Published in 2014 was a significant anthology of Curnow's art writing, The Critic's Part: Wystan Curnow Art Writings 1971–2013, edited by Christina Barton and Robert Leonard and published by Victoria University Press.
Poet
Through his life, Curnow has also written poetry and published this in various publications. His poetry is most significantly influenced by the American L=A=N=G=U=A=G=E poets, a loosely defined movement of avant-garde poetry that emerged in the United States in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
In many of his writings, Curnow has sought to collapse the distinction between his art criticism and poetry, and sometimes these forms are indistinguishable from each other. An example of this is his essay in New Art: Some Recent New Zealand Sculpture and Post-object Art ‘Mt Eden Crater Performance' (1976) which describes in stream-of-consciousness a performance piece by artist Bruce Barber.
Independent curator and arts administrator
Since the 1970s, Curnow has been consistently involved in the visual arts sector in New Zealand and internationally as a curator and arts administrator. Curnow has worked to raise the profile of New Zealand artists overseas and also to provide infrastructure and critical consideration to expatriate New Zealand artists Billy Apple and Len Lye.
In 1976, Curnow wrote an extended piece on Billy Apple's 1975 exhibition tour of New Zealand, 'Billy Apple in New Zealand' for Auckland Art Gallery Quarterly. After this time, Curnow kept in contact with Apple and has collaborated regularly with the artist ever since. Curnow acted as a self-described 'public relations officer', as well as curator, administrator and collaborator, for Apple on his 1979 exhibition tour of nine galleries in New Zealand.
Curnow has curated a number of exhibitions. He was the New Zealand Commissioner to Fourth Biennale of Sydney and curated I Will Need Words, a major exhibition of Colin McCahon's word and number paintings for the Fifth Biennale of Sydney in 1984. During the 1980s, he curated a series of exhibitions that employed postmodern theory to deconstruct meaning, language, and national identity. These included Sex & Sign (1987) and Putting the Land on the Map: Art and Cartography since 1840 (1989).
In 1998, he worked with Christina Barton, Robert Leonard, and John Hurrell to curate the critical overview and retrospective exhibition of post-objects art in New Zealand, Action Replay: Post-Object Art
In 2005, Curnow set up the art project space JAR, with Susan Davis, which has exhibited the work of artists Stephen Bambury, Peter Robinson, Leigh Davis, and Simon Ingram.
Honours
In the 2005 New Year Honours, Curnow was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to art and literature.
Curnow won the 2018 Non-fiction Award, New Zealand Prime Minister's Awards for Literary Achievement
Selected output
Poetry books
Cancer Daybook (Auckland: Van Guard Xpress, 1989)
Back in the USA (Wellington: Black Light Press, 1989)
Castor Bay, proses and pictures, 1996)
Modern Colours (Auckland: Jack Books, 2005)
Exhibitions
The World Over/Under Capricorn: Art in the Age of Globalisation Stedelijk Museum and City Gallery Wellington (with Dorine Mignot)
...
References
External links
Jar Space official website
Wystan Curnow's entry in the New Zealand Literature File Archive
Wallace Chapman interview with Wystan Curnow on Radio New Zealand
Wystan Curnow on the New Zealand Electronic Text Collection
1939 births
Living people
New Zealand poets
New Zealand male poets
New Zealand art critics
Companions of the New Zealand Order of Merit
New Zealand curators
People from Christchurch
People educated at Takapuna Grammar School
University of Auckland alumni
University of Pennsylvania alumni
University of Rochester faculty
University of Auckland faculty
The Barli Development Institute for Rural Women in Indore is a Baháʼí inspired, though independent residential vocational education school providing programs for women in the vicinity of the city of Indore, India in the state of Madhya Pradesh as well as a base for outreach/non-residential training centers.
History
The institute was founded in 1985 and was under the suggestion and direction of the National Spiritual Assembly of the Baháʼís of India. The word "Barli" denotes the central pillar which supports the tribal house typical of those areas, highlighting the belief of the institute that women are the central pillars of society. On Sept. 11, 2001, the institute registered as an independent NGO and dropped the name Baha'i from its formal name. In 2004 the institute began developing regional satellite training non-residential opportunities.
Awards/Certifications
Through June 1996, a total of 769 rural tribal women have been trained at the institute with a variety of measures of successful impact on the lives of graduates including:
45% of them established small businesses,
62% are functionally literate or semi-literate (which has motivated people to send their children to school),
42% have started growing vegetables,
97% are using safe drinking water,
all the former trainees and many of their male relatives have given up drinking alcohol,
caste prejudices have been eliminated.
In contrast, in 1994, only 92 of every 1000 tribal girls were literate; only 3 in every 1000 made it as far as middle school; and just 1 in every 1000 actually completed her secondary schooling.
Further:
In 1990, two of its (formerly illiterate) trainees won first prize in a Learner's Song Competition sponsored by UNESCO.
In 1990, the literacy methodology used at the institute was adopted by the University of Leicester, U.K.
In 1992, UNEP conferred the institute with the Global 500 Roll of Honour for outstanding environmental achievements in helping to eradicate guinea worm from 302 villages in Jhabua district in educating and training women and villagers. "...now the district is completely free of Guinea Worms."
In 1994, the institute is listed in UNESCO's INNOV database as one of 81 successful basic education projects in developing countries.
Since 1990, the institute has been a placement agency for eight Masters of Social Work students from the Indore School of Social Work.
Graduates receive a certificate through the National Open School program.
Programmes
The institute offers a variety of classes arranged around six-month and one year residential programs at its facilities and three months non-residential at the satellite outreach centers. Programmes include family life skills, environmental education and gardening, literacy in Hindi, public health, and vocational education; some subjects are taught directly and some holistically. Since 1998 the institute has helped provide and train students to use large solar ovens. There are also "train the trainer" type programs and refresher courses for area coordinators.
Many former graduates work approximately 100 days each year on field visits to conduct awareness raising programmes, recruit women for courses, do surveys and research, and to assist the former trainees to organize women's committees.
See also
Baháʼí Faith and gender equality
New Era High School
Education in India
Baháʼí Faith in India
References
External links
Barli Development Institute for Rural Women in Indore Official Webpage
Bahá'í educational institutions
Educational institutions established in 1985
Girls' schools in Madhya Pradesh
Boarding schools in Madhya Pradesh
Schools in Madhya Pradesh
1985 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
Rakai General Hospital, also known as Rakai District Hospital and Rakai Hospital, is a hospital in the Central Region of Uganda.
Location
The hospital is located in the town of Rakai, in Rakai District, about southwest of Masaka Regional Referral Hospital and about southeast of Mbarara Regional Referral Hospital.
Overview
Rakai General Hospital is a 100-bed government-owned hospital. Like most public hospitals in the country, it faces challenges of poor funding, under-staffing, poor pay and antiquated equipment.
See also
List of hospitals in Uganda
References
External links
Website of Uganda Ministry of Health
Hospitals in Uganda
Rakai District
Central Region, Uganda
Exulonyx is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Exulonyx, E. camma, found in South Africa.
References
Microgastrinae
Leonardis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Giacomo Leonardis (1723 - 1797) Italian engraver and etcher
Roberto de Leonardis (1913-1984), Italian film script translator, film dialogue writer and film lyricist
Aleš Leonardis, Slovenian professor of computer and information science
See also
Leonardi
John Manwood (by 1524 – c. 1571), of Sandwich, Kent was an English Member of Parliament for Sandwich in 1571 and Mayor of Sandwich in 1555–6 and 1559–60.
References
1571 deaths
People from Sandwich, Kent
Mayors of places in Kent
English MPs 1555
English MPs 1559
Year of birth uncertain
Vipāka (Sanskrit and Pāli) is a Buddhist term for the ripening or maturation of karma (Pāli kamma), or intentional actions. The theory of karmic action and result (kamma-vipāka) is a central belief within the Buddhist tradition.
Alternate translations
The term vipaka is translated as:
effect (Ven. D. Mahinda Thera)
maturation (Keown, 2000, loc 810–813)
ripening (Harvey, 1990, p. 39)
result
Within the discourses
The Samyutta Nikaya states:
See also
Karma in Buddhism
Phala
Rebirth
References
Sources
External links
Anguttara Nikaya, Chakka Nipata, Mahavagga, Nibbedhika Sutta, p. 359, 6th Syn. Edn.
Samyutta Nikaya. Nidana-samyutta, Bhumija Sutta, p. 275, 6th Syn. Edn
Buddhist philosophical concepts
Karma in Buddhism
Hit 106, HIT-106 or Hits 106 can refer to one of the following radio stations:
KARP-FM, licensed to Dassel, Minnesota
WHTG-FM, licensed to Eatontown
WBBO Bass River Township, New Jersey (simulcast of WHTG-FM)
WHYB, licensed to Menominee, Michigan, formerly branded as "Hits 106"
WIOG, licensed to Bay City, Michigan
Ficus benghalensis, commonly known as the banyan, banyan fig and Indian banyan, is a tree native to the Indian Subcontinent. Specimens in India are among the largest trees in the world by canopy coverage. It has also known as the "strangler fig" because it starts out as epiphyte, that is, leaning on another tree that it ends up suffocating.
Description
Ficus benghalensis is an evergreen, fast-growing tree found mainly in monsoon and rainforests, that can reach a height of up to 30 meters. It is resistant to drought and mild frost. It produces propagating roots which grow downwards as aerial roots on the branches that grow downward like lianas. Once these roots reach the ground, they take root and become woody trunks and supportive.
The figs produced by the tree are eaten by birds such as the Indian myna. Fig seeds that pass through the digestive system of birds are more likely to germinate and sprout earlier.
Reproduction
Banyan trees reproduce easily by seed or by stake, and they often spread from the original place by means of aerial roots that anchor in the ground and begin to grow and thicken to the point that they "become independent" from the original trunk, thus managing to "emigrate" sometimes at great distances. The figs are eaten by all kinds of frugivorous birds such as the coppersmith barbet and the common myna. Seeds that have passed through the digestive system of birds are more likely to germinate and grow faster.
Banyan seeds can fall and grow near a tree, sometimes from the very tree from which they come, and they also usually bear fruit in a hollow in a trunk or in a wall or rock. Gradually they begin to grow as they have plenty of support as epiphytes on any object they can use to climb in search of sunlight. Under normal conditions, the tree grows until it reaches a level where it gets the most sunlight, so its height can vary considerably. For this reason, where this tree predominates in a place, rather than growing in height, they spread on the surface, looking for the gaps that are left without vegetation. In general, the crown of this tree extends over a diameter well above its height.
Cultural significance
Ficus benghalensis is the national tree of India.
The tree is considered sacred in India, and temples are often built nearby. Due to the large size of the tree's canopy, it provides useful shade in hot climates.
In Theravada Buddhism, this tree is said to have been used as the tree for achieved enlightenment, or Bodhi by the twenty fourth buddha called "Kassapa - කස්සප". The sacred plant is known as "Nuga - නුග" or "Maha nuga - මහ නුග" in Sri Lanka.
It is the tree under which Lord Adhinath the first Jain Tirthankara attained Kewal Gyan or spiritual enlightenment.
Notable specimens
The giant banyans of India are the largest trees in the world by area of canopy coverage. Notable trees include:
Thimmamma Marrimanu
Kabirvad
The Great Banyan
The largest known specimen of tree in the world in terms of the two dimensional area covered by its canopy is Thimmamma Marrimanu in Andhra Pradesh, India, which covers . This tree is also the largest known specimen of tree in the world in terms of the length of its perimeter, which measures .
Nearchus, an admiral of Alexander the Great, described a large specimen on the banks of the Narmada River in contemporary Bharuch, Gujarat, India; he may have described the specimen presently named "Kabirvad". The canopy of the specimen which Nearchus described was so extensive that it sheltered 7,000 men. James Forbes later described it in his Oriental Memoirs (1813-5) as almost in circumference and having more than 3,000 trunks. Currently the area of its canopy is with a perimeter of .
Other notable Indian specimens include The Great Banyan in the Jagadish Chandra Bose Botanic Garden in Shibpur, Howrah, which has a canopy area of and is about 250 years old, and Dodda Aladha Mara in Kettohalli, Karnataka, which has a canopy area of and is about 400 years old.
Gallery
References
External links
Bar or Bargad Ficus benghalensis L., Horticulture, Purdue University
Ficus benghalensis in the Himalayas, Nepal. Himalayas (Himalaya): photos, images, pictures
http://www.phytopharmajournal.com/V1issue2.6.pdf
http://rjpponline.org/HTMLPaper.aspx?Journal=Research%20Journal%20of%20Pharmacognosy%20and%20Phytochemistry;PID=2014-6-3-9
benghalensis
National symbols of India
Symbols of Madhya Pradesh
Trees in Buddhism
Sacred trees in Hinduism
Plants described in 1753
Flora of the Indian subcontinent
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
USS Transfer was a steam-propelled, derrick-rigged freight lighter. She was laid down on 18 August 1904 at the New York Navy Yard, launched on 24 May 1905 and placed in service at New York on 19 July 1910, but apparently in service earlier according to a reported slight collision with the tug off Jackson street in the East River on 25 June 1908.
Transfer spent her entire Navy career in the 3rd Naval District assigned to the New York Navy Yard. Though initially carried on the Navy list as a tugboat, she performed all varied duties of a freight lighter, primarily transporting people, cargo, stores, and other items between ships and shore.
Records documenting the milestones of the ship's career are sparse; but according to DANFS we can assume that she was commissioned sometime during her first dozen years of service since documents indicate that she was decommissioned on 6 October 1922. She remained in that status until 6 February 1924 when she was recommissioned to replace . Ten years later, took over her duties; and Transfer was decommissioned once again on 8 February 1934.
Transfer apparently remained out of commission for the remainder of her career, though in all probability, she continued to serve the Navy. Little is known of her service, but her boiler plant provided heat to the cruisers and during the winter of 1938 and 1939 while the former underwent post-shakedown availability and the latter completed construction. On 8 March 1941, Transfer received the alpha-numeric designation, IX-46. Transfers name was struck from the Navy list on 16 September 1945 as a result of an inspection and survey. In January 1945, the Commandant, 3rd Naval District, was authorized to dispose of her and sold her for scrapping on 8 April 1945.
References
Ships built in Brooklyn
1905 ships
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1968–69 season.
Overview
Al-Ahli won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1968–69 in Bahraini football
Volleyball, for the 2015 Island Games, took place indoors at the Queen's Hall which is located at Fort Regent, and outside at Weighbridge Place in Saint Helier.
Medal table
Events
References
2015 Island Games
2015 in volleyball
2015
is a railway station on the Jōhana Line in city of Nanto, Toyama, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Takagi Station is a station on the Jōhana Line, and is located 17.0 kilometers from the end of the line at .
Layout
The station has a single side platform serving one bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 30 May 1899. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 60 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
The station is located in a rural area surrounded by farmland.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1899
Jōhana Line
Nanto, Toyama
Vameș may refer to:
Vameș, a village in the Piscu commune of Romania
Vameș, a tributary of the river Geru in Romania
Ballela is a small village and parish in County Down, Northern Ireland. It is about east of Banbridge, perched on top of one of the many drumlins that are common in the county. A number of prehistoric ringforts begird the village.
Name
Ballela is within the townland of Ballooly, which was historically spelt as Ballyely. It is believed that these three names all come .
GAA
The Ballela area has a long link with Gaelic games, and hurling was first played in Ballela as far back as 1901. The first County Down Senior Hurling Championship win for Ballela Hurling and Camogie Club (Baile Aileach Cumann Lúthchleas Gael) came in the 1936 final played in Castlewellan against Kilclief. Further titles were won in 1937, 1940, 1941, 1948, 1951 and 1952. New playing fields, meeting rooms and changing facilities were developed during 2005 and the pitch was officially opened in 2007.
Won the county junior championship in 2015. The club is among the highest Down hurling clubs and has the 5th most Down senior hurling titles behind Portaferry and followed by Leitrim Fontenoys.
Education
A National School that existed at Ballela in 1837 was described as “a small cottage” with 100 Catholic and 10 Presbyterian pupils. A new school in the townland of Shanrod was opened in 1859 and extended in 1861. It became the Catholic school for Ballela for several generations. A new school at Ballela was opened in September 1969 and shut in June 2006. It was between the curate's house and the Parochial Hall.
References
Villages in County Down
Masujirō, Masujiro, Masujirou or Masujiroh (written: , or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese footballer and manager
, Japanese politician
, Japanese military leader
, Imperial Japanese Navy admiral
Japanese masculine given names
Marvellous is a 90-minute British drama television film first broadcast on BBC Two on 25 September 2014. Directed by Julian Farino and written by Peter Bowker, it is about the life of Neil Baldwin from Westlands, Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire.
In the 1990s Baldwin, now an honorary graduate of Keele University, was appointed as Stoke City Football Club's kit-man by its manager Lou Macari. Baldwin's autobiography, Marvellous: Neil Baldwin – My Story, was published in hardback in 2015.
Cast
Toby Jones as Neil Baldwin
Tony Curran as Lou Macari
Gemma Jones as Neil's mother, Mary Baldwin
Greg McHugh as Neil's friend, Malcolm
Nicholas Gleaves as Rev Mark
Making cameo appearances as themselves:
Neil Baldwin
Norman Barrett
Gary Lineker
Lou Macari
Uriah Rennie
Production
The programme was commissioned by Janice Hadlow and Ben Stephenson. The executive producers were Patrick Spence and Peter Bowker for Fifty Fathoms and Tiger Aspect Productions, and Lucy Richer for the BBC.
Filming locations
Marvellous was filmed mostly in Staffordshire. Several of the scenes were set at and filmed at Keele University. Crewe Alexandra Football Club's Alexandra Stadium and the Glyndŵr University Racecourse Stadium in Wrexham, North Wales were used for the scenes set at Stoke City's football ground.
Reception
Writing in The Guardian, Sam Wollaston praised Jones's "lovely, very human, performance".
Andrew Anthony, for The Observer, said "Jones realised its potential with such poignant insight into character that it's impossible to imagine anyone else playing the part. [Baldwin]'s life has been a triumph of unselfconsciousness, which is easier read about than captured. But in a story fraught with the danger of sentimentality, Bowker located a sort of comic truth about an innocent at home and Jones made that truth both funny and movingly real."
Ellen E Jones, reviewing the film in The Independent, said: "The triumph of Marvellous is that it's a feel good film that feels good, not through any Hollywood schmaltz, but through the sheer force of Baldwin's own optimistic personality".
Sarah Crompton, for The Daily Telegraph, described Marvellous as "sweet and sharp... on the whole a great number of people emerge well from this film, including Stoke City's former manager Lou Macari (played by Tony Curran but also popping in as himself) and many long suffering clergy. It might have been too cute in different hands, but both Toby and Gemma Jones gave performances that were almost as miraculous as the story itself."
Jim White, writing in The Sunday Telegraph, described it as "a wonderful, uplifting, life affirming 90 minutes of television. And the most compelling argument yet that – despite all the evidence presented by previous filmic depictions of the beautiful game – it is possible to extract telling fiction from football."
Julie McDowall for Scotland's The Herald, described it as 2014's best television programme.
Rachel Cooke in the New Statesman said of Toby Jones' portrayal of Baldwin that he "played him brilliantly, turning in an understated performance that combined innocence and wryness to powerful effect". She praised Bowker's "pitch perfect script, which was as natural sounding as a conversation overheard on the top deck of a bus", and Farino's direction – "so deft, quirky, witty and attentive to important details (buildings as well as moods; rooms as well as body language)".
Reviewing the programme for the Stoke Sentinel, John Woodhouse said "It says everything for Neil that Marvellous was ever made. For in times when television is seduced by vacuity and celebrity, it doesn't sound that promising a pitch. A drama, set in Newcastle [under Lyme], about a man saddled with the tag of 'learning difficulties' who reveals himself to be so much more? Good luck with that one. And yet here it is – primetime BBC2."
Stoke Sentinel columnist Simon Lowe described it as "the most human of stories: a truly stirring, laugh-out-loud tearjerker of a drama. Part biopic, part musical (has there ever been a better use of the ukulele in a piece of television – and I'm including George Formby's contribution to the instrument's status in that?) and part incredible journey, Marvellous was life-affirming and inspirational."
Lou Macari was quoted in the Stoke Sentinel as saying: "The film really captures Nello [Neil Baldwin] as he was and for those who didn't know him I can assure them everything in the film is true. There are many moving moments, and it must be the best 90 minutes viewing Stoke-on-Trent has had for a long time."
Awards
At the 2015 British Academy Television Awards, Marvellous won the Single Drama award and Gemma Jones received the British Academy Television Award for Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal of Baldwin's mother. Baldwin collected the former award and made an acceptance speech.
DVD
The DVD and a digital download of Marvellous were released on 1 December 2016.
Marvellous book
Baldwin's autobiography, Marvellous: Neil Baldwin – My Story, written with the help of Keele University alumnus Malcolm Clarke, was published in hardback by John Blake Publishing in August 2015.
References
External links
Bowker, Peter: Writing the "Marvellous" life story of Neil Baldwin, BBC, 22 September 2014
Marvellous: Q&A with Lou Macari, BBC, 23 September 2014
Neil Baldwin's Marvellous Interview, Keele University, 22 September 2014
2014 television films
2014 films
2015 books
BAFTA winners (television series)
British autobiographies
British biographical films
British television films
Keele University
Newcastle-under-Lyme
Stoke City F.C.
Wrexham Glyndŵr University
2010s English-language films
Films directed by Julian Farino
2010s British films
Susanna van Tonder is a Luxembourg disability rights activist, patient advocate and blogger.
Van Tonder's first obvious symptoms of multiple sclerosis caused her to have a Grand Mal seizure in 2015. In 2016, exactly a year later, she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. This experience of being diagnosed with an incurable disease in her early adult years led van Tonder to work on inclusion and wider understanding of the needs for people with disabilities and patients affected by chronic conditions.
After attending an event in 2017 organised by the European Multiple Sclerosis Platform (EMSP) and Shift.ms for Young People affected by Multiple Sclerosis she started being involved in the patient community. In 2017, she joined Shift.ms' volunteer team called 'The Energy'. In 2018, she became a member of the board of the non-profit association Multiple Sclérose Lëtzebuerg and a member of the EMSP's Young People's network. As the youngest board member of Multiple Sclérose Lëtzebuerg, youth engagement and reducing isolation are her main focus areas.
In early 2019 she joined the Higher Council for People with Disabilities (CSPH) in Luxembourg to complete Tilly Metz term on behalf of Multiple Sclérose Lëtzebuerg and those affected by multiple sclerosis.
In 2019, van Tonder created the M.S Brainy Campaign to "raise awareness of multiple sclerosis, and the diversity of those affected by MS. The campaign features the stories, and faces of those living with MS and what it may mean to live with MS. It operates under the hashtag #MoreThanBrain #MultipleSclerosis. Van Tonder maintains a blog describing her journey as a patient advocate.
Recognition
For her work in the multiple sclerosis field, van Tonder won the youth award De Jugendpräis Wooltz 2019 in the category 'particular achievement'.
Further reading
References
1988 births
Living people
Luxembourgian disability rights activists
People with multiple sclerosis
20th-century Luxembourgian women
21st-century Luxembourgian women
Banda Baro is a district in North Aceh Regency, Nanggröe Aceh Darussalam, province of Indonesia. The capital of this district is Ulèê Nyêu.
North Aceh Regency
Districts of Aceh
Populated places in Aceh
The perplexing scrubwren (Sericornis virgatus) is a bird species. Placed in the family Pardalotidae in the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy, this has met with opposition and indeed is now known to be wrong; they rather belong to the independent family Acanthizidae.
It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It owes its vernacular name to its problematic taxonomy. In some areas it interbreeds with the large scrubwren (Sericornis nouhuysi), with which it is often considered conspecific, but in other areas they apparently do not interbreed.
Taxonomy
Sericornis virgatus includes the following subspecies:
S. v. imitator - Mayr, 1937
S. v. jobiensis - Stresemann & Paludan, 1932
S. v. boreonesioticus - Diamond, 1969
S. v. pontifex - Stresemann, 1921
S. v. virgatus - (Reichenow, 1915)
References
Sericornis
Birds described in 1915
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Enrique Sánchez-Guijo is a paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category T11 sprint events.
Sánchez has competed in three Paralympics, firstly in 1992 Summer Paralympics in his home country where as well as competing in the 200m, 400m and 800m he was a part of the victorious 4 × 400 m relay team. At the following games in 1996 he again competed in the 100m, 200m and 400m, but it was as part of the Spanish relay teams that he won medals, gold in the 4 × 100 m and 4 × 400 m. It was in 2000 Summer Paralympics that he won his first individual medal, a gold medal in the T11 200m while he also ran as part of the bronze medal winning 4 × 100 m relay team.
References
Paralympic athletes of Spain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for Spain
Paralympic bronze medalists for Spain
Spanish male sprinters
Living people
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Visually impaired sprinters
Paralympic sprinters
The Bagobo language can refer to either of the following Austronesian languages spoken in Mindanao, Philippines:
Giangan language, also referred to as Bagobo
Tagabawa language, also referred to as Bagobo
The 875th Bombardment Squadron is a former United States Army Air Forces unit. The squadron was activated in late 1943 for service during World War II. After training in the United States with Boeing B-29 Superfortress bombers, the squadron moved to the Mariana Islands, where it participated in the strategic bombing campaign against Japan, earning two Distinguished Unit Citations before the end of hostilities in August 1945. The squadron returned to the United states in December 1945 and was inactivated in March 1946, and its personnel and equipment transferred to another organization.
History
The squadron was first activated at Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico in November 1943 as one of the four original squadrons of the 498th Bombardment Group, an early Boeing B-29 Superfortress very heavy bomber squadron. The squadron trained in New Mexico and at Great Bend Army Air Field, Kansas with early model B-29s until July 1944, when it began its deployment to the Pacific.
The squadron arrived at its combat station, Isely Field, Saipan in September 1944. The squadron's first missions were flown against targets on Iwo Jima and Truk Island. On 24 November 1944, the squadron participated in the first raid on Japan by bombers based in the Mariana Islands. The squadron initially engaged in high altitude daylight attacks against industrial targets in Japan. It was awarded a Distinguished Unit Citation (DUC) for an attack on an aircraft manufacturing plant in Nagoya on 13 December 1944.
In March 1945, the Twentieth Air Force changed tactics and the squadron began flying low level night attacks with incendiaries against area targets. The 875th received a second DUC for its actions during a low level raid on urban industries near Kobe and Osaka in June 1945. Squadron operations also included attacks on airfields in Okinawa during the invasion of Okinawa in April 1945. After V-J Day, the squadron remained on Saipan until November and reassembled at March Field, California the following month. It became one of the first bombardment units in Strategic Air Command in March 1946, but was inactivated at MacDill Field, Florida on 4 August and its personnel and equipment were transferred to the 372d Bombardment Squadron, which was simultaneously activated.
Lineage
Constituted as the 875th Bombardment Squadron, Very Heavy on 19 November 1943
Activated on 20 November 1943
Inactivated on 4 August 1946
Assignments
498th Bombardment Group, 20 November 1943 – 4 August 1946
Stations
Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico, 20 November 1943
Great Bend Army Air Field, Kansas, 13 April – 16 July 1944
Isely Field, Saipan, 7 September 1944 – 1 November 1945
March Field, California, c. 7 December 1943
MacDill Field, Florida, 5 January – 4 August 1946
Aircraft
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress, 1944
Boeing B-29 Superfortress, 1944–1946
Awards and campaigns
See also
B-17 Flying Fortress units of the United States Army Air Forces
List of B-29 Superfortress operators
References
Notes
Bibliography
Bombardment squadrons of the United States Army Air Forces
Military units and formations established in 1943
Page From a Diary is a 1936 play by the British writer Charles Bennett. It is a melodrama set on the Northwest Frontier where a British unit is trapped by the enemy and a Captain's wife is involved in a love triangle.
It ran for 33 performances at the Garrick Theatre in London's West End. The cast included Greer Garson and Ernst Deutsch.
References
Bibliography
Kabatchnik, Amnon. Blood on the Stage, 1925-1950: Milestone Plays of Crime, Mystery and Detection. Scarecrow Press, 2010.
Troyan, Michael. A Rose for Mrs. Miniver: The Life of Greer Garson. University Press of Kentucky, 2010.
1936 plays
Plays by Charles Bennett
Plays set in India
West End plays
The Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) was formed by American Express, Discover Financial Services, JCB International, MasterCard and Visa Inc. on September 7, 2006, with the goal of managing the ongoing evolution of the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.
The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) consists of twelve significant requirements including multiple sub-requirements, which contain numerous directives against which businesses may measure their own payment card security policies, procedures and guidelines.
To address rising cybersecurity risks to the payment ecosystem, the PCI SSC currently manages 15 standards for payment security, which are variously applicable to payment card issuers, merchants and service providers, vendors and solution providers, and acquirers and processors. More recently, the PCI SSC has collaborated with EMVCo, to provide the security requirements, testing procedures and assessor training to support the EMV 3-D Secure v2.0 standard.
Membership and participation
Members of the PCI Security Standards Council include an Executive Committee of six major payment brands: American Express, Discover Financial Services, JCB International, MasterCard, Visa Inc., and UnionPay. The executives and management of the PCI SSC are supported by 30 companies comprising the Board of Advisors, and other stakeholder advisory groups such as assessor companies and regional boards.
Interested parties can participate in the development of the PCI security standards through member registration as a Participating Organization. Currently, there are more than 700 Participating Organizations from more than 60 countries. These participants are organized into Special Interest Groups, which are tasked with recommending revisions to and the further development of the various security standards maintained by the PCI SSC.
References
Payment cards
Information privacy
Standards organizations in the United States
Organizations established in 2006
Computer security organizations
Arthur Zeiler (born 25 March 1988) is a German international rugby union player, playing for the Heidelberger RK in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team.
Zeiler played in the 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 German championship final for Heidelberger RK, losing the first one and winning the following three.
He made his debut for Germany in an ENC match against Poland on 20 November 2010.
Zeiler began his rugby career in 1994 and has since played for TB Rohrbach and the HRK.
Honours
Club
German rugby union championship
Champions: 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013
Runners-up: 2009
German rugby union cup
Winners: 2011
Stats
Arthur Zeiler's personal statistics in club and international rugby:
Club
As of 4 December 2013
National team
European Nations Cup
Friendlies & other competitions
As of 4 December 2013
References
External links
Arthur Zeiler at the DRV website
Arthur Zeiler at totalrugby.de
1988 births
Living people
German rugby union players
Germany international rugby union players
Heidelberger RK players
Rugby union props
The 1892 Greensburg Athletic Association season was their third season in existence. The team's record for this season is largely unknown.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Greensburg Athletic Association
Greensburg Athletic Association seasons
Greensburg Athletic Association
The Oaxacan montane forests is a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion in eastern Mexico. It includes a belt of montane tropical forest on the eastern slope of the Sierra Madre de Oaxaca and eastern Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt ranges. These forests lie between the lowland Petén–Veracruz moist forests and Veracruz moist forests, and the pine–oak forests of the higher mountains.
Geography
The Oaxacan montane forests extend along eastern mountain slopes of Puebla, Veracruz and Oaxaca states. The ecoregion extends from the Tecolutla River in the north across the Sierra de Chiconquiaco, the eastern Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt, and the Sierra Madre de Oaxaca.
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is tropical, humid, and montane. The ecoregion is humid throughout the year, and temperatures remain mild, with mean annual temperature ranging from 19 °C to 17 °C, decreasing with elevation. There are three seasons: a cool season from November to March, a short warm-dry season in April and May, and a warm wet season from June to October.
Flora
The predominant vegetation in the ecoregion is tropical montane cloud forest. The forests of the ecoregion show a great diversity in species composition and structure which vary with microclimate, elevation, and underlying soils. Epiphytes, including mosses, orchids, and ferns, are abundant.
The forests include species with origins in both temperate North America (Nearctic) and the tropical Americas (Neotropical), with high percentage (30 to 35%) of endemic species. Forest canopy trees are principally of Nearctic origin, while the subcanopy and understory species include species shared with the lowland tropics, the Andean forests of South America, and eastern Asia.
Tree species found on volcanic soils include Carpinus tropicalis, Cinnamomum effusum, Clethra macrophylla, Hedyosmum mexicanum, Liquidambar styraciflua, Myrsine coriacea, Quercus cortesii, Quercus germana, Quercus lancifolia, Quercus sartorii, Quercus xalapensis, Styrax glabrescens, Turpinia insignis, and Zanthoxylum melanostictum.
Trees on limestone-derived soils include Arachnothryx capitellata, Cercis canadensis, Clusia guatemalensis, Cojoba arborea, Eugenia mexicana, Garrya laurifolia, Gymnanthes riparia, Oreopanax liebmannii, Oreopanax xalapensis, Ostrya virginiana, Quercus pinnativenulosa, Turpinia insignis, Wimmeria concolor, and Zanthoxylum petenense.
Fauna
The ecoregion has 323 species of birds. The Bearded wood partridge (Dendrortyx barbatus) inhabits this ecoregion and the Veracruz montane forests.
The ecoregion has 185 species of mammals, and 161 species of lizards and snakes.
Protected areas
A 2017 assessment found that about 45% of the ecoregion is still forested. 219 km², or 3%, of the ecoregion is in protected areas. Protected areas include Cañón del Río Blanco National Park, Cerro La Galaxia Ecological Conservation Area, Cerro de las Culebras, La Martinica, and Pancho Poza ecological reserves, Río Filo-Bobos y su Entorno protected area, and the San Antonio del Barrio, Santiago Tlatepusco, La Tierra del Faisán, San Juan Teponaxtla, Santo Domingo Cacalotepec, and Nopalera del Rosario voluntary conservation areas.
See also
List of ecoregions in Mexico
External links
References
Ecoregions of Mexico
Montane forests
Natural history of Oaxaca
Natural history of Puebla
Natural history of Veracruz
Neotropical tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Sierra Madre de Oaxaca
Cloud forests of Mexico
Clifford Benjamin "Cliff" Peterson (June 20, 1905 – July 5, 1979) was a farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Kelvington from 1960 to 1964 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) member.
He was born in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, the son of Peter Ludwig Peterson and Johanna Asplund, both natives of Sweden, and was educated in Robsart, Saskatchewan, where he moved with his family in 1910. In 1932, he married Mabel Beatrice Eliason. Peterson lived in Kuroki and was a director of the Kuroki Rural Telephone Company and president of the Kuroki Co-op Association.
References
Year of birth missing
1979 deaths
People from Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario
Saskatchewan Co-operative Commonwealth Federation MLAs
20th-century Canadian politicians
Antony Paul Golec (; born 29 May 1990) is an Australian former professional footballer who played as a centre back.
Club career
Sydney FC
Golec was a member of the inaugural Sydney FC National Youth League squad in 2008/2009. On 25 October 2008, Golec made his debut for Sydney FC against Melbourne Victory. He also got his chance against Perth Glory and was praised by his coaches after the game of his great performance. He went on to make a total of 10 appearances for Sydney FC.
Adelaide United
On 26 September 2011, it was announced that Golec had signed a one-year contract with Adelaide United. On 22 December 2011, Golec made his debut for Adelaide United coming on the 82nd minute for Fabian Barbiero. Golec made his home debut as left back on 30 December 2011 against Wellington Phoenix, scoring his first A-League goal in the 61st minute, Adelaide went on to win 2–0. On 19 March 2012, it was announced Golec had signed an undisclosed contract with Adelaide United for a further two years, which will keep him in Australia until 2014.
On 8 January 2014, after three years at the club, it was announced that Golec would be going to China to explore an opportunity to play for Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin.
Western Sydney Wanderers
On 4 February 2014, it was announced that Adelaide United released Golec. On the same day he signed with Western Sydney Wanderers. However, since there are no spaces remaining in the club's A-League squad, Golec will only be eligible to participate in Western Sydney Wanderers's 2014 AFC Champions League campaign during the 2013–14 season.
On 12 March, Golec made his debut in the starting 11 for the club against Chinese Super League side Guizhou Renhe in the 2014 AFC Champions League. Wanderers went on to win the game 1–0 away from home. It was announced in May that Golec re-signed with the Wanderers for a further season keeping him at the club for the 2014/2015 Hyundai A-League season.
Golec was part of the squad which won the 2014 AFC Champions League, playing an important role throughout the campaign. He was also part of the squad which participated in the 2014 FIFA Club World Cup, playing against Cruz Azul and ES Sétif. The Wanderers went on to finish 5th at the tournament.
On 15 May 2015, Golec was released by Wanderers.
Perth Glory
On 23 May Golec joined Perth Glory on a 2-year deal keeping him at the club until the end of the 2016–2017 season. Golec made his debut for the club on 11 August against Newcastle Jets in the FFA Cup. Perth Glory won 4–3 on penalties with Golec scoring one.
Sheriff Tiraspol
On 15 January 2016 it was announced that Antony Golec would be leaving Perth Glory to take up an 18-month deal with Moldovan National Division team Sheriff Tiraspol. On 29 May FC Sheriff won the championship and qualification to UEFA Champions league with a 1–0 win against Dacia Chisinau. Golec played a major role for the club since arriving in January playing 13 games for FC Sheriff Tiraspol.
Persepolis
On 22 June 2016 Golec signed a two-year contract with Persian Gulf Pro League club Persepolis.
On 22 September Golec terminated his contract through FIFA due to unpaid wages.
Bucheon FC 1995
On 8 December 2016 Golec signed with K League Challenge club Bucheon FC 1995 for 2 seasons, Keeping him at the club until December 2018.
On 22 February 2017, Golec's contract was officially terminated by mutual consent before the season opening.
Central Coast Mariners
On 30 May 2017, Golec returned to the A-League, signing a one-year contract with Central Coast Mariners. On 25 April 2018, Golec resigned with the club on a 1-year extension, keeping him at the mariners for the 18/19 Hyundai A-League season.
Wellington Phoenix
In January 2019, Golec signed a contract with A-League club Wellington Phoenix. He arrives at the club via the Central Coast Mariners, where he played 31 games across one and a half seasons. Struggling for game time, he was released by the Mariners on Tuesday, paving way for Golec to join the Phoenix for the remainder of the season. Golec is the third player to join the Phoenix in the January transfer window, following the arrivals of former Republic of Ireland striker Cillian Sheridan and All Whites right-back Justin Gulley.
Badak Lampung
On 26 August 2019, Golec signed one-year contract with Liga 1 Indonesia club Badak Lampung. it was confirmed that he was registered as an Australian citizen, due to Badak Lampung need to fill a quota of foreign players from Asia, replacing Kunihiro Yamashita. He made his debut in a 0–1 away win against Persija Jakarta on 1 September.
International career
In 2009 Golec made his international debut for the Australian national Under 20 team's in Argentina, Playing full games against Uruguay and USA and making 2 more appearances. Golec was also part of the 30-man squad in the lead up to the 2009 FIFA Under 20's World Cup in Egypt.
In 2010 Golec made his Australia Olympic football team debut under Aurelio Vidmar and Paul Okon. Playing full games against DPR Korea, (who competed in the 2010 World Cup in Africa) and the Kuwait under 23 National team.
On 19 October 2011, Golec was named in Holger Osieck and Aurelio Vidmar's joint Australia national team/Australia Olympic team Camp.
On 24 February 2012, Golec was selected to be part of the Australian U23's (Olyroos) squad for the 2012 London Olympic Qualifier matches against Uzbekistan and UAE.
On 17 September 2017, he declared that he would represent Croatia if chosen.
Career statistics
Club
1 – includes FIFA Club World Cup statistics; AFC Champions League statistics are included in season commencing after group stages (i.e. 2011 ACL in 2011–12 A-League season etc.)
Honours
Club
Sydney FC:
A-League Premiership: 2009–10
A-League Championship: 2009–10
National Youth League: 2008–09
Western Sydney Wanderers:
AFC Champions League: 2014
Sheriff Tiraspol:
Moldovan National Division: 2015–16
References
External links
1990 births
Australian people of Croatian descent
Association football defenders
A-League Men players
Moldovan Super Liga players
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Malaysia Super League players
Sydney FC players
Adelaide United FC players
Western Sydney Wanderers FC players
Perth Glory FC players
Central Coast Mariners FC players
Wellington Phoenix FC players
Sydney United 58 FC players
FC Sheriff Tiraspol players
Badak Lampung F.C. players
Perak F.C. players
Macarthur FC players
Soccer players from Sydney
Living people
Australian soccer players
Australian expatriate soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Moldova
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Moldova
Expatriate footballers in Iran
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Iran
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Australian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
Expatriate association footballers in New Zealand
Australian expatriate sportspeople in New Zealand
Mixed-Up Fairy Tales is a graphic adventure game released by Sierra On-Line in 1991. It is a follow-up to Mixed-Up Mother Goose and was made for younger players than those of Sierra's King's Quest or Space Quest series. In it, the player controls a child - selected from one of six and named at will by the player. Commercial copies of the game provided a fairy tale themed coloring book with a set of crayons.
Plot
The player is transported to the land of make believe by the magical dragon Bookwyrm, who needs their help unknotting the mess that has become of five famous fairy tales (Cinderella, Beauty and the Beast, Bremen Town Musicians, Jack and the Beanstalk, and Snow White) thanks to the machinations of a spiteful troll named Bookend. For instance, the prince cannot find Cinderella because her glass slipper was stolen, Jack's axe is missing so he cannot chop down the beanstalk, Snow White is lost and needs help finding the seven dwarves' house, etc. Bookwyrm, who had the book all the stories were recorded in, may be consulted by the player for advice at any time.
Gameplay
The game has a simplified interface different from other Sierra games of the period; instead of several different icons to move the character, look at objects, places and people, operate scenery fixtures, or talk to other characters, Mixed-Up Fairy Tales has only a general icon to interact with the environment, move the player's character and initiate conversation with other characters, and another to look at the player's surroundings. The player cannot "die", and it is impossible to reach a point where onward play is not possible because of lacking an important item or piece of information. The game saving feature was simplified as well, with each game saved automatically when the player quit and merely labeled by their character's name.
Although it allowed children to interact with the characters of their favorite fairy tales, most of the stories' major events would happen off-screen, with the player's movement limited to a four-by-four screen area.
Reception
Cynthia E. Field of PC Games wrote, "For a trip to the twilight zone of confused children's literature, nothing beats Mixed Up Fairy Tales. It's an engaging, nonviolent, challenging game that appeals to both genders."
References
External links
User Manual
1991 video games
Adventure games
DOS games
DOS-only games
Children's educational video games
ScummVM-supported games
Sierra Entertainment games
Sierra Discovery games
Video game sequels
Video games developed in the United States
Rhythm & Hymns is Mattafix's second and final album, released in November 2007. The album includes the charity single "Living Darfur", as well as "Shake Your Limbs", "Things Have Changed" and "Angel".
Reception
Allmusic writer Alexey Eremenko gave the album three stars out of five, saying that the band were struggling to live up to the originality of their first release "Rhythm & Hymns isn't enough of a letdown to do the band in, but it's certainly nowhere as necessary as their first LP. One major drawback is that now the roots are showing. Their borrowings from reggae stylistics are much more explicit than before, and neither the absence of Jah and marijuana, nor the sweet high voice of Marlon Roudette are enough to camouflage it."
Track listing
"Shake Your Limbs" (Marlon Roudette/Preetesh Hirji/Ben Allen/Bonginkosi "Zola" Dlamini) - 3:40
"Living Darfur" (Marlon Roudette/Chico Twala) - 4:12
"Angel on My Shoulder" (Marlon Roudette/Amanda Ghost/Ian Dench/Patti O'Dawes) - 4:10
"In the Background" (Marlon Roudette/Jody Street/James Dring) - 3:45
"Things Have Changed" (Marlon Roudette/Preetesh Hirji) - 3:46
"Stranger Forever" (Marlon Roudette/Preetesh Hirji) - 4:02
"Freeman" (Marlon Roudette/Łukasz Borowiecki/Tomasz Mioduszewski) - 4:31
"Got to Lose" (Marlon Roudette/Preetesh Hirji) - 3:34
"In My Life" (Marlon Roudette/Ben Allen) - 4:30
"Memories of Soweto" (Marlon Roudette/Bonginkosi "Zola" Dlamini/Khethukubonga "Khethi" Nishanease/Pops Mohammed) - 3:38
"Far From Over" (Marlon Roudette/Preetesh Hirji) - 3:54
"Separate Ways" (Marlon Roudette/Preetesh Hirji) - 2:21 (iTunes bonus track)
Charts
References
External links
Mattafix interview by Pete Lewis, 'Blues & Soul' July 2008
Mattafix albums
2007 albums
Albums produced by Jim Abbiss
Hangaza is a Bantu language spoken by the Hangaza people of Tanzania. It is closely related to and partially intelligible with the languages of Rwanda and Burundi.
References
Languages of Tanzania
Rwanda-Rundi languages
Job's Daughters International is a Masonic affiliated youth organization for girls and young women aged 10 to 20. The organization is commonly referred to as simply Job's Daughters or Jobies, and sometimes abbreviated as JDI (or IOJD, referring to its longtime former name, International Order of Job's Daughters). Job's Daughters welcomes many religions and cultures. The only religious prerequisite is a belief in a Supreme being.
Family relationship to a Free and Accepted Mason is no longer a prerequisite for membership.
JDI promotes itself as a sorority "where girls rule," but there is plenty of adult guidance and interaction.
Membership
In order to apply for membership in Job's Daughters, one must be a girl between the ages of 10 and 20. To join this organization, an applicant may be either related to a Master Mason or be sponsored by a Majority Member of Job's Daughters and a Master Mason.
Members are not required to practice any particular religion, but they must believe in a Supreme Being.
If a daughter reaches the age of 20 or marries, and is in good standing in the Bethel, she is considered a majority member. Majority members are encouraged to remain active in their respective Bethel as adult leaders. At age 18, they also are eligible to join the Order of Eastern Star, Order of the Amaranth, The Daughters of the Nile, or Ladies' Oriental Shrine of North America.
History
The organization was founded as The Order of Job's Daughters by Ethel T. Wead Mick in Omaha, Nebraska, on October 20, 1920.
The purpose of the organization is to band together young girls and strives to build character through moral and spiritual development. Goals include a greater reverence for God and the Holy Scriptures, as stated in the Job's Daughters Constitution, loyalty to one's country and that country's flag; and respect for parents, guardians, and elderly.
"Mother Mick" was fond of the Book of Job, and took the name of the organization as a reference to the three daughters of Job. The Book of Job, 42nd chapter, 15th verse says, "In all the land were no women found so fair as the Daughters of Job, and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren". She founded the Order with the assistance of her husband, Dr. William H. Mick, and several Freemasons and members of Eastern Star of Nebraska. She dedicated the organization to the memory of her mother, Elizabeth D. Wead.
By June 1923 the Job's Daughters had been endorsed by the Grand Chapters of the Order of the Eastern Star in Indiana, Maryland, Minnesota and Washington, DC. The order spread rapidly in the early 1920s. At the third annual meeting of the "Supreme Guardian Council" in Chicago on Oct. 12, 1923, delegates were present from twenty-three states, the Territory of Alaska and Manitoba.
In 1931 the name was changed to the International Order of Job's Daughters after a Bethel was instituted in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Later, the name was changed from the International Order of Job's Daughters to Job's Daughters International.
The ritual of the Order was drawn up by Le Roy T. Wilcox, a scholar of Masonic law, and the group came "under the general management of the Masonic order".
Levels of Jurisdiction
The individual chapter is called a Bethel (as is the meeting location), and each is numbered sequentially according to when they were instituted in their jurisdiction. They usually meet at a Masonic Lodge building, but may meet at a church hall, or other fraternal hall. A Bethel is similar to a troop in Girl or Boy Scouts.
The next highest level is the Grand level. This comprises all the Bethels in their respective states (or country in the cases of the Philippines and Brazil). This level has an annual convention located somewhere in that jurisdiction, called Grand Bethel, and lasts a few days each time. Jurisdictions that do not have a Grand level and are directly under Supreme law do not have a Grand Bethel.
The highest level in the Order is the Supreme level. This is similar to the Grand level, except on an international scale.
Each level above the local Bethel has a different philanthropic project. The Supreme project is the H.I.K.E Fund, or Hearing Improvement Kids Endowment Foundation. The Grand jurisdiction varies by area, and typically changes every year.
Today, Bethels and Grand Bethels are active in Australia, Brazil, Canada, the Philippines and the United States. Within the United States, there are currently Bethels in 31 states. Most states and provinces have a Grand Guardian Council but a few are under the direct supervision of the Supreme Guardian Council.
Bethel Overview
The presiding officer of the Bethel is the Honored Queen or in Canada & Australia "Honoured Queen" and in Brazil "Honorável Rainha", elected by the members of her Bethel. This position is roughly analogous to Worshipful Master in a Masonic Lodge, and to the President of an association of any kind. The Honored Queen is assisted in her duties by a Senior Princess and a Junior Princess. The Senior Princess is usually considered to be next in line as Honored Queen. Girls who finish a term as Honored Queen use the title Past Honored Queen (abbreviated PHQ) within Job's Daughters, and usually receive a pin commemorating their service. The elected officers are referred to as the "line officers", or in some Bethels the "Elect Five" or "Top Five", of the Bethel, meaning that in general, a Daughter is elected sequentially from the lowest position (Marshal) to the highest position (Honored Queen).
Stations (Offices) of the Bethel and their respective duties
Elected:
Honored Queen – leads meetings, events, etc.
Senior Princess – assists the Honored Queen in her duties.
Junior Princess – assists the Honored Queen in her duties.
Guide – escorts distinguished visitors and conducts new members through initiation.
Marshal – assists the Guide in her duties, in charge of paraphernalia and escorts National Emblem during meetings.
*typically, one gets elected Marshal and will work her way up to Honored Queen in the above order. Note that in rare occurrences this may not be the case. Any eligible daughter can be voted into any elected station.
Appointed:
Senior Custodian – assists the Marshal with paraphernalia
Junior Custodian – assists the Marshal with paraphernalia
Recorder – record notes during meetings
Librarian – gives a report on literature, the arts, and/or sciences
Chaplain – leads prayers during meetings.
Treasurer – receive bethel funds.
First Messenger – assists Princesses during initiations
Second Messenger – assists Princesses during initiations
Third Messenger – assists Princesses during initiations
Fourth Messenger – assists Princesses during initiations
Fifth Messenger – assists the Honored Queen during initiations
Inner Guard – responds to Outer Guard's warnings from outside
Outer Guard – prevents interruptions during meetings.
Musician – leads songs and music, usually plays organ or piano
Bethel Choir – no specific responsibility, can consist of unlimited number of girls, purely sings Bethel songs during meetings.
Bethel Guardian Council
Bethel Guardian – in charge of monitoring the girls and granting permission for events * **
Associate Bethel Guardian – assists the Bethel Guardian * ***
Guardian Secretary – assists the Bethel Recorder and manages important documents *
Guardian Treasurer – manages the money, assists the Bethel Treasurer*
Guardian Director of Epochs – assists the girls in learning their ritual/memorization work *
Director of Music – assists the Bethel Musician in playing music during the meetings; can take the place of musician if there isn't one installed *
Director of Promotion – helps to promote the Bethel and Job's Daughters to increase membership
Promoter of Finance – assists the Guardian Treasurer
Promoter of Sociability – assists the Director of Promotion
Director of Hospitality – promotes good will between the Bethel and the community, other youth orders (DeMolay, IORG, etc.), and other Bethels
Promoter of Fraternal Relations – creates a bridge between a Bethel and their local Masonic sponsors/lodge
Custodian of Paraphernalia – assists the Marshal and Custodians in setting up the lodge room and taking care of the paraphernalia
Chairman of Youth Protection – promotes a safe environment within and outside the bethel
*Executive council members; one must be present at each Bethel meeting
**Must be related to a Master Mason
***Must be a Master Mason
Note that not all of these offices have to be filled; it's even possible to not have a Bethel Guardian, Associate Bethel Guardian, or both!
Degree of Royal Purple
The Degree of Royal Purple is awarded as the highest honor in recognition of outstanding, continuous and dedicated service of a Majority Member to the International Order of Job's Daughters. It is intended to recognize a Majority Member who has given to the Order in the capacity above and beyond the call of duty.
Famous Job's Daughters
Notable former Job's Daughters include Kim Cattrall, Jacquelynne Fontaine, Nancy Fleming, Jenilee Harrison, Nannette Hegerty, Vicki Lawrence, Heather Moore, Jean Rabe, Debbie Reynolds, and Aimee Teegarden.
References
External links
Job's Daughters International Home Page
The HIKE Fund Hearing Improvement Kids Endowment, created and supported by Job's Daughters
Youth organizations established in 1920
Masonic youth organizations
Women's masonic organizations
James Wright (September 19, 1900 – April 11, 1963) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played two seasons in Major League Baseball for the St. Louis Browns from 1927 to 1928, appearing in four career games.
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
St. Louis Browns players
Terre Haute Browns players
Battle Creek Custers players
Terre Haute Tots players
Seattle Indians players
People from Hyde, Greater Manchester
Sportspeople from Greater Manchester
Major League Baseball players from England
1900 births
1963 deaths
The Malay Dilemma is a 1970 book by Malaysian politician and writer Mahathir bin Mohamad, who went on to be the country's longest serving Prime Minister.
In it, Mahathir describes his interpretation of Malaysia's history in relation to its multi-ethnic society and racial tensions, and advocates for affirmative action policies for Malays. The book was originally banned in Malaysia; the ban was lifted 11 years after its first publication after Mahathir became Prime Minister. Commentators have since noted its influence on Malaysian society and governance, particularly the New Economic Policy.
Background
At the time of publication, Mahathir had just lost his parliamentary seat, been expelled from the ruling party UMNO and Malaysia had recently been rocked by the racial riots later known as the 13 May Incident.
Summary
The book is a manifesto outlining Mahathir's political and racial beliefs. It analyses Malaysian history and politics in terms of race, and posits the following basic positions:
The Malay race are the indigenous people (bumiputras) of Malaysia, and by definition follow Islamic faith
The sole national language is the Malay language and all other races are to learn it.
The tolerant and non-confrontational nature of the Malays has allowed them to be subjugated in their own land by the other races with the collusion of the British.
A program of affirmative action is required to correct Malaysian Chinese hegemony in business.
The dilemma thus, was whether Malays should accept this governmental aid—and Mahathir's position was that they should.
The book has attracted controversy for making racial generalisations, such as describing "Jewish stinginess and financial wizardry" and calling Jews "hook-nosed". Mahathir proposes in the book that affirmative action policies be a solution leading away from violence towards a harmonious, integrated Malaysia, albeit one where political and economic power is firmly concentrated in the hands of the Malays.
Initial ban in Malaysia
The book was banned in Malaysia upon its release, but was published in Singapore. Despite this, it was circulated widely, particularly among Malaysian Indians and Malaysian Chinese, who were concerned about Mahathir's return to politics in 1973 and subsequent rise to power. After Mahathir became Prime Minister in 1981, the 11-year ban was lifted after a proposal from Mahathir's deputy Musa Hitam.
Impact
The book has been posited, including by Mahathir himself, as a major influence for affirmative action policies in Malaysia, most notably in the Malaysian New Economic Policy, which outlines racial quotas across Malaysian society in favour of designated bumiputera ethnic groups.
Reception
In the preface of the book's first edition, its British publisher casts doubt on the accuracy of Mahathir's assumptions and assertions. Mohammad Bakri Musa, in The Malay Dilemma Revisited (1999) states that his assertions and assumptions were based on his personal observations and experiences, with no empirical data to support them.
References
Society of Malaysia
1970 non-fiction books
Malaysian books
Racial and religious quotas in Malaysia
Malaysian non-fiction books
Books about politics of Malaysia
Political manifestos
Eric Timothy Lewis (born May 29, 1982 in Houston, Texas) is an American soccer defender.
Career
Lewis played college soccer at Clemson University for three years from 2000 to 2002. A starter for all three years, Lewis finished his career at the school with ten goals and 12 assists in 61 games.
After his junior season, Lewis signed a Project-40 contract with MLS, and was selected 20th overall in the 2003 MLS SuperDraft by the Los Angeles Galaxy. As a rookie with the Galaxy, Lewis played in 13 games for the team, a starter in seven of those. In the 2004 season, he was traded mid-season to the Colorado Rapids in exchange for a late-round draft pick. Lewis started for Colorado in 16 games in 2005. He was waived at the end of 2005. After leaving Colorado, he was invited to train with Standard Liege in Belgium for two weeks in the fall of 2005.
Lewis had five years of youth national team experience. He was the starting left back of the US Under-20 team which competed in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship. He was also a member of the US Under-23 team which competed for a berth in the 2004 Olympics. During the final qualifying tournament, he played in 6 games, starting in the final three.
Personal life
Lewis is married to Leslie Osborne, with whom he has three daughters.
References
1982 births
Living people
American soccer players
Clemson Tigers men's soccer players
LA Galaxy players
Colorado Rapids players
Rochester New York FC players
Major League Soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
United States men's under-23 international soccer players
USL First Division players
LA Galaxy draft picks
Association football defenders
Soccer players from Texas
The Monumental Complex of the Albanian League of Prizren is a museum complex and cultural heritage monument located in the historic city of Prizren, Kosovo. This monument belongs to the "architectural" category, approved with number 414/77 and is under state protection. The Complex is now home to photographs, documents, objects, clothings and other cultural artifacts that date from the time of the League of Prizren.
History
Thë Monumental Complex of the Albanian League of Prizren is an urbanistic and architectural ensemble, geographically located in the old city centre, with special cultural, historical, societal and environmental values. The complex was shaped with the construction of the Gazi Mehmet Pasha's Mosque, and around it, other buildings were developed, such as the League Building, the Medrese (School), Library, Turbe and residential buildings, which are mainly spread through the south-western area of the Gazi Mehmed Pasha's Complex, within which we have the Memorial Complex of the Prizren League. These folk architecture buildings are found individually and in series. By the end of the 19th century, and the early 20th century, restoration and reconstruction works in residential buildings clearly feature European Baroque styles, with a hint of Neo-Classicism, which provides a specific image to these buildings.
After the 50-es of 20th century, mass demolitions were made, in the name of road expansion, and the Lumbardh River was reshaped for “modernizing” the city. From this complex, only a few preserved buildings remain, while some parts of the Medrese (School) were also destroyed. In 1968, due to the road construction, several buildings along the river were demolished, while the residential building of the Albanian League of Prizren was relocated for several meters west. Again, in 1976-'78, major interventions were made, thereby demolishing several buildings in the area of Memorial Complex of the Albanian Prizren League, with aim to reconstruct the Museum of the Prizren League, for its 100th Anniversary. During the 1999 war, the League Building was entirely demolished due to fire, and was reconstructed by June 2000.
Now, the Museum Complex of the Prizren League is made of three sectors:
The Albanian League of Prizren Residence, a historical sector, with the history of the League, featuring written documents, old weapons and paintings of historical and political figures of the League;
The Medrese (School), with an ethnographic sector in its ground floor, characteristic adornments from Albanian-inhabited areas; and
The upper floor of Medrese, with the Art Gallery, featuring paintings of the personalities of the Albanian League of Prizren.
See also
League of Prizren
References
External links
Monumental Complex of the Albanian League of Prizren
Buildings and structures in Prizren
Monuments and memorials in Kosovo
Cultural heritage of Kosovo
Museums in Kosovo
Cultural heritage monuments in Prizren District
Kosovan culture
Hilmo is a town in the central Galguduud region of Somalia.
References
Hilmo: Somalia
Populated places in Mudug
Lau Ho Lam (; born 22 January 1993) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Hong Kong Premier League club Sham Shui Po.
Club career
Tuen Mun
Lau started his career at Tuen Mun in the Third District Division.
Eastern
After few disappointing seasons at Tuen Mun, Lau signed for Eastern in 2012 in the Second Division. He failed to make any appearances after the club was promoted to the First Division in 2013.
Wong Tai Sin
He then went on to sign for Wong Tai Sin in 2014 where he finally made his first HKPL debut.
Metro Gallery
He signed for Metro Gallery in 2015.
Yuen Long
He played for Yuen Long where he scored his first league goal in his career. While with the club, he won the 2017–18 Senior Shield, capturing the trophy against his parent club in the final.
Southern
After finding playing time hard to come by at Easter, Lau agreed to a loan to Southern for the 2019–20 season. He officially joined the club a year later.
International career
Lau was part of the Hong Kong squad which took part in the 2017 Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup on 1 and 4 January 2017.
Honours
Eastern
Hong Kong FA Cup: 2013–14
Yuen Long
Hong Kong Senior Shield: 2017–18
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Tuen Mun SA players
Eastern Sports Club footballers
Metro Gallery FC players
Yuen Long FC players
Southern District FC players
Sham Shui Po SA players
Hong Kong Premier League players
Hong Kong First Division League players
Hong Kong footballers
Association football midfielders
James Alexander Dudley Richards (March 22, 1845 – December 4, 1911) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1893 to 1895.
Early life and career
Richards was born in Boston, Massachusetts, and spent his early life there and in New York City, where he received a common-school education.
He moved to New Philadelphia, Ohio, in 1861.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1867 and commenced practice in New Philadelphia.
Congress
Richards was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-third Congress (March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1895).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office Department (Fifty-third Congress).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1894 to the Fifty-fourth Congress.
Later career
He resumed the practice of law in Washington, D.C., and subsequently returned to New Philadelphia, Ohio, and continued the practice of his profession.
Death
He died in New Philadelphia, on December 4, 1911.
He was interred in the East Fair Street Cemetery.
Sources
1845 births
1911 deaths
Politicians from Boston
People from New Philadelphia, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Sublime Porte, also known as the Ottoman Porte or High Porte ( or Babıali, from and , , ), was a synecdoche for the central government of the Ottoman Empire.
History
The name has its origins in the old practice in which the ruler announced his official decisions and judgements at the gate of his palace. This was the practice in the Byzantine Empire and it was also adopted by Ottoman Turk sultans since Orhan I, and therefore the palace of the sultan, or the gate leading to it, became known as the "High Gate". This name referred first to a palace in Bursa, Turkey. After the Ottomans had conquered Constantinople, now Istanbul, the gate now known as the Imperial Gate (), leading to the outermost courtyard of the Topkapı Palace, first became known as the "High Gate", or the "Sublime Porte".
When Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent sealed an alliance with King Francis I of France in 1536, the French diplomats walked through the monumental gate then known as Bab-ı Ali (now Bâb-ı Hümâyûn) in order to reach the Vizierate of Constantinople, seat of the Sultan's government. French being the language of diplomacy, the French translation Sublime Porte was soon adopted in most other European languages, including English, to refer not only to the actual gate but as a metonymy for the Ottoman Empire.
In the 18th century, a new great Italian-styled office building was built just west of Topkapi Palace area, on the other side of Alemdar Caddesi (Alemdar street). This became the location of the Grand Vizier and many ministries. Thereafter, this building, and the monumental gate leading to its courtyards, became known as the Sublime Porte (Bab-ı Ali); colloquially it was also known as the Gate of the Pasha (paşa kapusu). The building was badly damaged by fire in 1911. Today, the buildings house the Istanbul Governor's Office.
Diplomacy
"Sublime Porte" was used in the context of diplomacy by Western states, as their diplomats were received at the porte (meaning "gate"). During the Second Constitutional Era of the Empire after 1908 (see Young Turk Revolution), the functions of the classical Divan-ı Hümayun were replaced by the reformed Imperial Government, and "porte" came to refer to the Foreign Ministry. During this period, the office of the Grand Vizier came to refer to the equivalent to that of a prime minister, and viziers became members of the Grand Vizier's cabinet as government ministers.
See also
Bab (disambiguation)
The Court of St James's, another synecdochic term, for the United Kingdom in diplomatic relations
Raid on the Sublime Porte
Rumi Darwaza
References
Gates
Government of the Ottoman Empire
1911 fires
History of Istanbul
Cylindrocladium is a genus of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae. Many species within this genus are synonymous with the genus Calonectria.
Species
Cylindrocladium bambusae
Cylindrocladium buxicola
Cylindrocladium clavatum
Cylindrocladium colombiense
Cylindrocladium couratarii
Cylindrocladium ellipticum
Cylindrocladium heptaseptatum
Cylindrocladium infestans
Cylindrocladium intermedium
Cylindrocladium lanceolatum
Cylindrocladium macrosporum
Cylindrocladium musae
Cylindrocladium perseae
Cylindrocladium peruvianum
Cylindrocladium terrestre
References
External links
Nectriaceae genera
The Flight Design Stream is a German single-place, paraglider that was designed by Michaël Hartmann and Stefan Müller and produced by Flight Design of Landsberied. It is now out of production.
Design and development
The Stream was designed as an intermediate glider. Test flying was carried out by factory test pilot Richard Bergmann. The models are each named for their approximate wing area in square metres/relative size.
Variants
Stream S
Small-sized model for lighter pilots. Its span wing has 52 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.3:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1-2 certified.
Stream M
Mid-sized model for medium-weight pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 52 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.3:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1-2 certified.
Stream L
Large-sized model for heavier pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 52 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.3:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1-2 certified.
Specifications (Stream L)
References
Stream
Paragliders
Willie Nelson (born April 20, 1987) is an American professional boxer. He held the NABF light middleweight title from 2012 to 2013.
Amateur career
Nelson as an amateur won a gold medal at the 2005 Tammer Tournament. Willie is a 2x National Amateur Gold Medalist. Willie had over 200 Amateur Victories, and many other awards through his amateur career.
Professional career
On June 19, 2010 Nelson knocked out title contender Jesse Feliciano.
On June 11, 2016, Nelson lost to Demetrius Andrade in the 12th round.
References
http://ringnews24.com/index.php/boxing-news/73969-willie-nelson-predicts-a-big-2013-as-he-prepares-to-challenge-mexicos-medina.html#axzz2LFOywqEo
Boxrec.com
External links
1987 births
Living people
Boxers from Cleveland
American male boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Roopali Hardin Desai (born 1978) is an American lawyer from Arizona who is the designate to serve as a United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Education
Desai was born in 1978 in Toronto, Canada. Desai's parents were born in India. She attended the University of Arizona, graduating in 2000 with a Bachelor of Arts. She worked as an outreach coordinator at a children's advocacy center and earned a Master of Public Health from Arizona in 2001. From 2001 to 2002, Desai was director of residential services at a domestic violence shelter. She then attended Arizona's James E. Rogers College of Law, graduating in 2005 with a Juris Doctor. Desai served as the legal counsel and campaign attorney for senator Kyrsten Sinema.
Legal career
After graduating from law school, Desai was a law clerk to chief judge Mary M. Schroeder of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit from 2005 to 2006. From 2006 to 2007, she was an associate at Lewis & Roca in Phoenix, Arizona. In 2007, Desai joined the Phoenix law firm Coppersmith Brockelman as an associate, becoming a partner in 2013. In naming her one of the publication's 2022 "Women of the Year", USA Today called her "a hero of Democratic legal causes," noting her work to launch a recreational marijuana program in Arizona, her lawsuits fighting false claims about the 2020 U.S. presidential election, and her work to overturn a ban on mask mandates.
Notable cases
In 2012, Desai was co-counsel for plaintiff Lois Jean McDermott. The case concerned a challenge to the nomination of Lois Jean McDermott, a Democratic candidate for the Arizona House of Representatives in Legislative District 24. McDermott appealed from a superior court judgment striking her from the primary election ballot because she incorrectly identified her surname as “Cheuvront–McDermott” in her nomination paper.
In 2018, Desai was co-counsel for plaintiffs Matthew G. Madonna, Sandra L. Bahr, Animal Defense League of Arizona, Friends of ASBA, Inc., Arizona Advocacy Network, and Planned Parenthood of Arizona in an appeal involving a challenge to the constitutionality of recently passed legislation pertaining to the standard of review for voter initiative petitions. On April 13, 2017, the Arizona legislature passed the bill, HB 2244, which was signed by the governor the next day.
In 2020, Desai represented the Arizona Dispensaries Association in advising it on a legalization campaign.
Before the 2020 U.S. presidential election, Desai was co-counsel for the Arizona Democratic Party and other plaintiffs. The case challenged Arizona's law requiring early voters to have signed their ballots by 7:00 PM on Election Day in order to have their votes counted.
After the 2020 U.S. presidential election, Desai successfully represented the Arizona Secretary of State's office in several cases involving unsuccessful challenges to the state's results.
Nomination to court of appeals
On June 15, 2022, President Joe Biden nominated Desai to serve as a United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. President Biden nominated Desai to the seat vacated by Judge Andrew D. Hurwitz, who will take senior status upon confirmation of a successor. On July 13, 2022, a hearing on her nomination was held before the Senate Judiciary Committee. On July 28, 2022, her nomination was reported out of committee by a voice vote, with Senators Mike Lee, Ted Cruz, Josh Hawley, and Marsha Blackburn voting “no”. On August 4, 2022, she was confirmed by the United States Senate in a 67–29 vote, just 50 days after her initial nomination- the fastest of any Circuit Court nominee since the Clinton Administration. She is awaiting her judicial commission. Once commissioned, Desai would become the first South Asian person to serve on the Ninth Circuit.
Memberships
Desai is a member of the American Civil Liberties Union. Desai represented the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Arizona in a public records case to obtain documents evidencing the Department of Child Safety's mishandling of child abuse and negligence cases.
Family
Desai is married to artist and Phoenix College professor Jay Hardin. The couple have three daughters.
See also
List of Asian American jurists
References
1978 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
21st-century American women lawyers
21st-century women judges
American jurists of Indian descent
American women judges
Arizona lawyers
Canadian emigrants to the United States
James E. Rogers College of Law alumni
Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
People from Toronto
United States court of appeals judges appointed by Joe Biden
University of Arizona alumni
Exhibition drill is a variant of drill that involves complex marching sequences which usually deviate from drill used in the course of ordinary parades. Teams performing exhibition drill are often affiliated with military units, but the scope of exhibition drill is not limited to military drill teams. Exhibition drill is often performed by Armed Forces Precision Drill Teams, the drill teams at service academies and ROTC and JROTC units, and civilian drill teams that perform at parades, drill meets, and half-time shows and other public venues.
History of rifle exhibition drill
The first documented performance of exhibition drill was performed by Hadji Cheriff and filmed at what is believed to be the Midway Plaisance of the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois. The film was later copyrighted by Thomas Edison in 1899, entitled The Arabian Gun Twirler.
The performance demonstrates aerial (two ) and over-the-shoulder techniques, and
It is believed that the weapon was a .577 caliber, triple band 1853 Enfield Musket, which is 56" long and weighs about 9.5 pounds and thus is 13" longer and heavier than most drill weapons used today.
Exhibition drill in competition
Exhibition drill is one of many different drill phases that are a part of a drill meet. Other phases include Inspection, Color Guard and Regulation Drill.
Exhibition military drill has grown drastically in popularity in recent decades. This growth can be attributed to several primary factors. These include:
The expansion of Junior ROTC programs through the four primary service branches that occurred in the early and mid 1980s took the total number of units from roughly 1,600 to well over 2,500 in the U.S. This provided more cadets the opportunity to be a part of these exhibition drill teams.
The work of Sports Network International (SNI) produced military drill and ceremony competitions on a scale that had never previously been seen.
From these numerous competitions, SNI produced magazines and websites to feature this activity. SNI also produced training and entertainment videos devoted exclusively to featuring many of the military exhibition drill teams in the country. These videos allowed the talent and creativity involved in exhibition drill at the highest levels to travel and expand at a greater rate, helping to promote the sport.
General rules and guidelines
Rules of exhibition drill during competitions vary, but most of them apply the following guidelines:
Time – There is usually a minimum and maximum time a routine may take. Points are deducted if a team is under or over time.
Boundaries – Teams should be aware of their boundary lines, and if necessary, alter their routines as to not cross the boundary lines. Points are deducted if a person crosses a boundary line.
Some high-school level competitions prevent cadets who are participating in armed drill events from performing more dangerous 'over the head' spins, or raising cadets off the floor, in the interest of safety.
High school
Some high school drill teams compete at the National High School Drill Team Championships in Daytona Beach, Florida, and generally use demilitarized Springfield M1903s, M1 Garands, M-14 rifles and Daisy Drill Rifles. There are also national drill level competitions for JROTC divisions, including Navy JROTC, Army JROTC, Marine Corps JROTC, and Air Force JROTC. Other countries have their own drill team competitions for teenagers.
Unarmed
In an unarmed division, exhibition drill may consist of intricate precision marching, along with various hand movements. Modified step team routines are used in some competitions.
College ROTC drill teams
Colleges with Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) units, as well as military academies, have drill teams normally train and compete in two types of drill events: Regulation/Close Order and Exhibition (Trick or Fancy) Drill. Regulation Drill is conducted in accordance with Field Manual 22-5 (now FM 3-21.5) Drill and Ceremonies. Exhibition Drill is more free form and often more elaborate then Regulation Drill. Exhibition Drill teams are also more colorful in uniform and weaponry. In both types of event, participants are typically armed with weapons made safe or inert by removal of firing pins. Armament is totally devoid of all firing mechanisms for the safety of participants and audience alike.
Pershing Rifles, founded in 1894, is the oldest continuously operating college organization dedicated to military drill. The original drill team created by John J. Pershing had a simple goal: to serve as an example for the cadets at the University of Nebraska, who were sorely lacking in esprit de corps, motivation, and basic military skills. A typical unit performs as a color guard, exhibition drill team, honor guard, funeral detail, or any other ceremonial unit requested; these services are usually at the request of the local ROTC detachment or school, but are sometimes requested by alumni, local governments, or active duty military units. Pershing Rifles hosts a National Drill Competition each spring which attracts some of the finest college level drill teams in the nation.
Gator Guard Drill Team is a precision drill team and military fraternity based at the University of Florida. It is named after the Florida Gators, the mascot of the University of Florida. Founded in 1953, the Gator Guard absorbed and succeeded the University of Florida's Army ROTC chapter of the Pershing Rifles upon its inception. The Gator Guard performs annually at the university's Homecoming Parade, as well as the Krewe of Mid-City and King Rex parades at the New Orleans Mardi Gras. The team uses M1903 rifles with 8-inch bayonets for all performances. The Gator Guard also performs color guard ceremonies for the University of Florida, the SEC, and the MLB.
Outside the United States
The Norwegian Army has a silent drill platoon in the Kings Guard, performing in foreign tattoos like Edinburgh.
The French Republican Guard also has a famous exhibition drill unit.
Another example can be found in the Singapore Armed Forces Military Police Command's Silent Precision Drill Squad.
The Malaysian counterpart for these teams is the Provost Drill Team of the Royal Malaysian Navy.
The Italian Navy recently implemented a silent drill platoon (Plotone Alta Rappresentanza) as a part of the San Marco Marine Brigade.
The Russian 154th Preobrazhensky Independent Commandant's Regiment's honour guard battalion also serves as a drill unit. It performs exhibition drill or плац концерт (). Similar to their Russian counterparts, all personnel of the Honor Guard of the Armed Forces of Belarus are capable of performing exhibition drill routines in addition to their ceremonial role. This practice also applies to the post-Soviet states in Ukraine, Armenia and Kazakhstan.
The Baltic republics of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania has practiced many exhibition drills but they do not follow the Russian or Soviet drill procedures due to the Occupation of the Baltic states by the Soviet Union.
The Canadian National Drill Team of the Ceremonial Guard and the 2nd Battalion, Royal 22nd Regiment serves as a drill unit for the Canadian Armed Forces (CAF). The Royal Military College of Canada also maintain a silent drill team which engages in rifles and sword drill. The branches of the Canadian Cadet Organizations, which include of the Royal Canadian Army Cadets, Royal Canadian Sea Cadets, and the Royal Canadian Air Cadets, have drill competitions throughout the year for their exhibition drill teams.
The Armed Forces of Malta Drill Team and the Malta Police Precision Drill Team serve as drill units in the Republic of Malta.
The Queen's Colour Squadron of the British Royal Air Force Regiment is the sole ceremonial unit in the Royal Air Force that has provided displays of exhibition drill which are performed without a single word of command.
The Fort Henry Guard is an entirely civilian exhibition drill organization, consisting of Canadian high school and university students who are trained to perform at the Fort Henry National Historic Site.
See also
Drill team
Foot drill
War dance
Weapon dance
United States Marine Corps Silent Drill Platoon
French Republican Guard
Blue Ridge Rifles
Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben
References
U.S. Army Field Manual, TC 3-21.5, Drill and Ceremonies, Department of the Army (2009).
Lockhart, Paul Douglas. The drillmaster of Valley Forge: The Baron de Steuben and the making of the American Army. HarperCollins, New York 2008.
The Encyclopedia Of Military History: From 3500 B.C. To The Present. (2nd Revised Edition 1986), R. Ernest Dupuy, and Trevor N. Dupuy.
The Triphibian Guard Honor Guard and Drill Team, Courtesy of Msgr. William Noé Field Archives and Special Collections Center, Seton Hall University, S. Orange, New Jersey, February 2010 and Delozier, Alan, et al. "History of Seton Hall". Walsh Library Archives.
U.S Army ROTC, authorized by, National Defense Act (Text) from Emergency Legislation Passed Prior to December, 1917. United States Dept. of Justice, Joshua Reuben Clark. Published by Govt. Print. Off., 1918
The National Defense Act of 1916, as amended, referred to in subsec. (d), is acted June 3, 1916, ch. 134, 39 Stat. 166, as amended, which was classified generally throughout former Title 10, Army and Air Force. The Act was repealed by act Aug. 10, 1956, ch. 1041, § 53, 70A Stat. 641, and the provisions thereof were reenacted as parts of Title 10, Armed Forces, United States Code.
"Advocates for ROTC". http://www.advocatesforrotc.org. Retrieved 2006-11-23.
"AR 145-1 (Reserve Officers' Training Corps)". Army Regulation. United States Army. 1996. . Retrieved 2006-11-16.
"10 USC 2111a". United States Code. Legal Information Institute. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/10/2111a-. Retrieved 2006-11-16.
Triphibian Guard ("Tri Phi's") at Seton Hall University, 1959–1979, http://triphibianguard.blogspot.com/2010/02/triphibian-guard-seton-hall-university.html
"Distinguished Military Graduate (DMG)", Department of the Army, Pamphlet 640–1, Personnel Records and Identification of Individuals Officers' Guide to the Officer Record Brief, Section III, Military Service Data, TABLE 8, ROTC-DISTINGUISHED MILITARY GRADUATE, http://www.apd.army.mil/pdffiles/p640_1.pdf; see also: https://web.archive.org/web/20110903211006/http://www.utexas.edu/cola/depts/arotc/cadets/Awards.php
External links
Queen's Colour Squadron official site
RAF Regiment Queen's Colour Squadron Precision drill at Edinburgh Military Tattoo 2004
The United States Army Drill Team "The Old Guard" at the Edinburgh Military Tattoo
The Indian Air Force drill team perform during passing out parade
Triphibian Guard at Seton Hall University (1959–1979)
Canadian National Drill Team 2008 Kingston Performance
Malta Police Precision Drill Team
Competitions
Military life
Military ceremonies
"The Downtown Lights" is a song by Scottish band The Blue Nile, released in 1989 as the lead single from their second studio album Hats. It was written by Paul Buchanan and produced by the band.
"The Downtown Lights" reached No. 67 in the UK and remained in the charts for three weeks. It also reached No. 10 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart. The song's music video achieved medium rotation on MTV.
Critical reception
Upon its release, Music & Media wrote: "Moody, slow-stepping material from the Glaswegian trio. A striking choice as a single as this is not the easiest number to programme." Mick Williams of the Lennox Herald gave the song a 6 out of 10 rating and commented: ""Downtown Lights", while signalling the long-awaited return of Blue Nile, is a trifle disappointing as the band seem to have stood still and failed to progress since their much acclaimed debut disc. Indeed, "Downtown Lights" could be an outtake from the band's A Walk Across the Rooftops sessions, way back in '84." Lisa Tilston of Record Mirror felt the song was "polite" and "pleasant", but added "nothing much happens except some synth, some singing, and a great bit when the drumming sounds like someone banging on a tupperware box".
In a review of Hats, Peter B. King of The Pittsburgh Press commented: "The album's grabber is "The Downtown Lights". Moving along at a stately, machine-driven uptempo, it builds inexorably with layers of synthesizers and drum programs. Buchanan summons images of cigarettes, magazine stands and forlorn figures in stairwells for his tale of longing and fulfillment in the big city." Paul Robicheau of The Boston Globe wrote: "The group crosses dusky, percolating keyboard layers with the grey vocals of Paul Buchanan to build a subtle splendor on "The Downtown Lights" and "Headlights on the Parade"."
David Thigpen of Rolling Stone commented: "Songs such as "The Downtown Lights" and "Saturday Night" have a sparse, soulful feel that blends the cool, nocturnal languor of Bryan Ferry with the mystical hues of Peter Gabriel." Jason Ankeny of AllMusic stated: "Tracks like "The Downtown Lights" and "From a Late Night Train" are perfectly evocative of their titles: Rich in romantic atmosphere and detail, they conjure a nocturnal fantasy world lit by neon and shrouded in fog."
Track listing
7" single
"The Downtown Lights" - 4:40
"The Wires Are Down" - 5:40
12" and CD single
"The Downtown Lights" - 6:26
"The Wires Are Down" - 5:40
"Halfway to Paradise" (instrumental) - 2:03
12" single (US promo)
"The Downtown Lights" - 6:26
"The Downtown Lights" - 4:40
"The Wires Are Down" - 5:40
CD single (US promo)
"The Downtown Lights" (Album version) - 6:26
"The Downtown Lights" (Edit version) - 4:40
CD single (US promo)
"The Downtown Lights" - 4:05
"Headlights On the Parade" - 3:53
"Saturday Night" - 4:01
Cover versions
In 1995, Scottish singer Annie Lennox released a version of the song on her second solo album Medusa. In an article she wrote for The Independent, Lennox revealed why she chose to record the song: "I just couldn't resist this. Landscape of sound - instrumental gorgeous melancholic drift..."
In 1995, British singer Rod Stewart included a version on his seventeenth studio album A Spanner in the Works. Stewart's version was produced by Trevor Horn who listed Hats as one of his favourite albums in an article by The Quietus in 2019. He stated: "I came to [Hats] when I was working with Rod Stewart. Suddenly from nowhere he was all "I've heard this song, Trevor, I fucking love it!" And it was "The Downtown Lights" off this album. I met Paul Buchanan up in Scotland years later, and he told me he liked Rod's version, and I was so pleased."
In 2006, Scala & Kolacny Brothers included a version on their fifth album It All Leads to This.
In 2014, American indie band Small Black recorded the song for their EP Real People.
In 2018, American indie pop band Pure Bathing Culture recorded a full album cover of Hats, including "The Downtown Lights".
Personnel
The Blue Nile
Paul Buchanan
Robert Bell
Paul Joseph Moore
Production
The Blue Nile - producers
Calum Malcolm - recording
Charts
References
1989 songs
1989 singles
A&M Records singles
The Blue Nile songs
Annie Lennox songs
Rod Stewart songs
Rosewood Park is a historic park on Roger Williams Avenue in Highland Park, Illinois. The park is the former site of the Julius Rosenwald Estate, which was built circa 1910 for businessman Julius Rosenwald. Landscape architect Jens Jensen designed the estate's grounds, which he also used as a studio; these became the modern park after the home's removal. The park includes a beach on Lake Michigan, an empty stone pool and artificial stream, and a walking path that leads to a bridge over a ravine. Jensen also planted wildflowers in the park, which still bloom annually in spring.
The park was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 29, 1982.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Highland Park, Illinois
Beaches of Illinois
Hydrophis torquatus, also known as the west coast black-headed sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae that is native to Southeast Asia. The specific epithet torquatus (“collared”) refers to the body markings.
Subspecies
Hydrophis torquatus torquatus (Günther, 1864)
Hydrophis torquatus diadema (Günther, 1864)
Hydrophis torquatus aagaardi (Smith, 1920)
Description
The species grows to about 104 cm in length. The upper body is grey or whitish, with a yellow to whitish belly, and with black bands which fade with age. The head is black with a yellowish band on the snout and along the sides.
Behaviour
The species is viviparous.
Distribution and habitat
The range of the snake encompasses the southern South China Sea, the Gulf of Thailand and the Straits of Malacca, including the adjoining coastal waters of the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra and Borneo, as well as the fresh water Tonlé Sap lake in Cambodia.
References
torquatus
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of Cambodia
Reptiles of Indonesia
Reptiles of Malaysia
Reptiles of Thailand
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Reptiles described in 1864
Marcellino Lucchi (born 13 March 1957 in Cesena) is an Italian former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. His best year was in 1998 when he won the Italian Grand Prix and finished 15th in the 250cc world championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Cesena
Italian motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
500cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from the Province of Forlì-Cesena
1809 was the 23rd season of cricket in England since the foundation of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). Thomas Lord opened his Middle Ground after refusing to pay increased rent at the Old Ground.
Honours
Most runs – Lord Frederick Beauclerk 464 (HS 114)
Most wickets – Thomas Howard 35
Events
MCC made revisions to the Laws of Cricket which were republished in their entirety.
The umpires were required to select the pitch from 1809 with choice of innings to be decided by toss.
It is about this time that the no-ball rule was first applied re the bowler's foot being over the crease. It would be applied to throwing in 1816.
Lord's Old Ground, home of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), had become the accepted venue for all great matches and it was the ambition of every aspiring cricketer to play there. But Lord's was already losing its rural character as London expanded and began to surround it. The landlord, Mr Portman, felt able to increase the rent and so Thomas Lord decided to seek another venue. The lease on the "Old Ground" was due to expire on Lady Day in 1810 but Lord moved fast and, by May 1809, had secured a lease on another plot of land, part of the St John's Wood estate which belonged to the Eyre family. He opened this "Middle Ground" in time for the 1809 season but MCC at first refused to relocate and continued to play at the Old Ground until the winter of 1810–11 when Lord staged a fait accompli by literally seizing "his turf" which was dug up and moved to the Middle Ground.
John Sherman made his debut in first-class cricket. His career continued to 1852 and is the joint-longest on record, equalled only by W. G. Grace from 1865 to 1908.
With the Napoleonic War continuing, loss of investment and manpower impacted cricket and only 8 first-class matches have been recorded in 1809:
1–3 June — MCC v All-England @ Lord's Old Ground
13–16 June — MCC v All-England @ Lord's Old Ground
27–29 June — All-England v Surrey @ Lord's Old Ground
11–13 July — Surrey v All-England @ Holt Pound, Farnham
17–20 July — All-England v Four Chosen & Seven Others @ Lord's Old Ground
22–24 August — All-England v Surrey @ Bowman's Lodge, Dartford
5–7 September — All-England v Surrey @ Lord's Old Ground
20–22 September — Lord F Beauclerk's XI v FC Ladbroke's XI @ Lord's Old Ground
Debutants
1809 debutants included:
Edmund Carter (MCC)
John Sherman (Surrey)
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1809 in English cricket
English cricket seasons from 1787 to 1815
Eliezer Greenberg (December 13, 1896 – June 2, 1977) was a Bessarabian-born Jewish-American Yiddish poet and literary critic.
Life
Greenberg was born on December 13, 1896 in Lipcani, Russian Empire, the son of Ezekiel Greenberg and Ethel Haselov.
Greenberg attended a religious primary school and studied under Haskalah follower Itsik Shkolnik. He also studied secular subjects. His teachers included townsmen and writers Eliezer Steinbarg, Jacob Sternberg, and Moyshe Altman. He immigrated to America in 1913, initially living in Boston then in Brockton. He worked in a leather workshop at that time. In 1921, he began studying in the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and worked as a teacher in Jewish schools. He settled in New York City in 1927. His writings first appeared in 1919 in Jacob Marinoff's Der Groyser Kundes and in Di Naye Velt. He then published his songs, poems, and essays in multiple publications.
Greenberg's earliest works dealt with New York City, both the architectural wonders of the Woolworth Building and the Brooklyn Bridge and the abject poverty of the tenements and workers. He especially focused on the latter during the Great Depression. In the years after the Holocaust, he wrote about the tragedy and destruction of the European Jewish community, including of his native city of Lipcani he maintained affectionate memories of, and of the decline of Yiddish culture in America. He wrote critical studies about Yiddish poets Moyshe-Leyb Halpern, Jacob Glatstein, and H. Leivick. From 1945 to 1949, he and Elias Schulman edited the literary magazine Getseltn, which included works from a wide range of Yiddish poets.
Greenberg published his first volume of Yiddish poetry, Gasn un Evenyus (Streets and Avenues) in 1928. This was followed by Fun Umetum (From Everywhere) in 1934, Fisherdorf (Fishing Village) in 1938, Di Lange Nakht (The Long Night) in 1946, Baynakhtiker Dialog (Night Dialogue), Eybiker Dorsht (Eternal Thirst) in 1968, and Gedenkshaft (Memorabilia) in 1974. He and Irving Howe edited several anthologies of translations from Yiddish to English, including A Treasury of Yiddish Stories in 1954, Five Yiddish Poets in 1962, A Treasury of Yiddish Poetry in 1969, Voices From the Yiddish in 1972, Yiddish Stories Old and New in 1974, Selected Stories of I.L. Peretz in 1974, and Ashes Out of Hope in 1977. The latter work included fiction by Soviet Yiddish writers.
Greenberg received the Harry Kovner Award for Yiddish Poetry from the Jewish Book Council in 1953, the Jewish Book Council of America Award for Poetry in 1954, and the Jacob Fichman Poetry Prize from the Union of Bessarabian Jews in Israel in 1967. He was director of Yiddish Press Relations for the American Jewish Committee, a founder and vice-president of the Yiddish PEN Club, and a member of the Workmen's Circle and the I. L. Peretz Yiddish Writers Union. In 1926, he married Eva Brown.
Greenberg died in the Cabrini Health Care Center from a long illness on June 2, 1977. He was buried in Cedar Park Cemetery in Paramus, New Jersey.
References
1896 births
1977 deaths
Bessarabian Jews
People from Khotinsky Uyezd
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
University of Michigan alumni
Yiddish–English translators
Yiddish-language poets
Jewish American poets
20th-century American Jews
20th-century American translators
20th-century American poets
Poets from New York (state)
American male poets
20th-century American newspaper editors
Editors of New York City newspapers
Burials at Cedar Park Cemetery (Emerson, New Jersey)
Stephen McLaren is a Scottish photographer, writer, and curator, based in Los Angeles. He has edited various photography books published by the Thames & Hudson—including Street Photography Now (2010)—and produced his own, The Crash (2018). He is a co-founder member of Document Scotland. McLaren's work has been shown at FACT in Liverpool as part of the Look – Liverpool International Photography Festival and in Document Scotland group exhibitions at Impressions Gallery, Bradford and at the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, Edinburgh. His work is held in the collection of the University of St Andrews.
Career
McLaren made television documentaries in Scotland and then in London, before moving to the USA and working as a photographer. In 2013 he was living in San Francisco and is now based in Los Angeles.
Matt McCann wrote in The New York Times that McLaren's street photography "feels like a field guide to how normal things can be really odd, contradictory — and visually rich."
He is a co-founder member of the Document Scotland collective, founded in 2012 to make documentary photography about Scotland.
Street Photography Now (2010), co-edited with Sophie Howarth, is a survey book of contemporary street photography, in which McLaren's photography is also included. Photographers' Sketchbooks (2014), co-edited and co-written with Bryan Formhals, gives insight into the work and methods of 50 photographers with a chapter by each of them. Magnum Streetwise (2019), edited by McLaren, contains images he drew from the Magnum Photos archive.
McLaren's book of his own street photography, The Crash (2018), documents the City of London after the financial crisis of 2007–2008, made over five years. The work was shown at the Foundation for Art and Creative Technology (FACT) as part of the Look – Liverpool International Photography Festival in 2011.
Made in the run up to the 2014 Scottish independence referendum, McLaren's series American Always, Scottish Forever depicts Americans with Scottish ancestry attending the Highland games season in California—the athletes, musicians, artists, and visitors who hold a close affinity with Scotland. The work was shown in a Document Scotland group exhibition at Impressions Gallery, Bradford and at Berwick Visual Arts, Berwick-upon-Tweed.
McLaren's A Sweet Forgetting was made after the Scottish National Portrait Gallery asked Document Scotland to produce an exhibition in response to the Scottish independence referendum. McLaren's series is concerned with the involvement of Scots in the sugar economy of Jamaica in the 18th and 19th centuries, built on the slave trade. In Jamaica, he made photographs about the period's genealogical legacy, about the land which had once been owned by rich Scots, and what remained of their houses. He also photographed some of the country estates, mansions and schools built throughout Scotland with wealth amassed by Scottish sugar plantation owners that enslaved Africans generated for nearly 150 years.
Publications
Publications of McLaren's photography
The Crash. East London Photo Stories, Book 14. London: Hoxton Mini, 2018. .
Zines of McLaren's photography
Dookits. Southport: Café Royal, 2015. Edition of 150 copies.
Publications with contributions of McLaren's photography
Street Photography Now. London: Thames & Hudson, 2010. Edited by McLaren and Sophie Howarth. . French-language edition, translated by Berton, Gilles. Paris: Thames & Hudson, 2017. .
Common Ground. Document Scotland, 2014. Includes two photo essays from each Document Scotland member, including McLaren, plus work by members of Welsh photography collective A Fine Beginning. With essays by Malcolm Dickson and Anne McNeill. Published to accompany an exhibition at Street Level Photoworks, Glasgow.
Publications edited by McLaren
Street Photography Now. London: Thames & Hudson, 2010. Edited by McLaren and Sophie Howarth. . French-language edition, translated by Berton, Gilles. Paris: Thames & Hudson, 2017. .
Photographers' Sketchbooks. New York: Thames & Hudson, 2014. Co-edited and co-written by McLaren and Bryan Formhals. .
Family Photography Now. London: Thames & Hudson, 2016. Edited by McLaren and Howarth. .
Magnum Streetwise: the ultimate collection of street photography from Magnum Photos. London; New York: Thames & Hudson, 2019. . Photographs by various Magnum Photos photographers.
Exhibitions
Group exhibitions or exhibitions during festivals with photography by McLaren
London Games, Format International Photography Festival, Derby, UK, 2011
Moral Hazard, Foundation for Art and Creative Technology (FACT), Liverpool, UK, part of Look – Liverpool International Photography Festival, 2011
Seeing Ourselves, Fotospace Gallery, Glenrothes, Fife, Scotland, 2013. Work by the founding members of Document Scotland and others.
Beyond the Border: New Contemporary Photography from Scotland, Impressions Gallery, Bradford, UK; Granary Gallery, Berwick Visual Arts, Berwick-upon-Tweed, UK, 2017. With fellow members of Document Scotland. Included McLaren's American Always, Scottish Forever. Curated by Anne McNeill.
Common Ground: New Documentary Photography from Scotland & Wales, StreetLevel Photoworks, Glasgow, UK, 2014. With fellow members of Document Scotland. Included McLaren's Scotia Nova.
Document Scotland: The Ties that Bind, Scottish National Portrait Gallery, Edinburgh, Scotland, 2015/2016. Included A Sweet Forgetting by McLaren.
A Contested Land, Martin Parr Foundation, Bristol, UK. With fellow members of Document Scotland. Included McLaren's Edinburgh Unchained.
Exhibitions curated by McLaren
Common Ground: New American Street Photography, New Orleans Photo Alliance Gallery, New Orleans, 2013; drkrm, Los Angeles, 2013. With work by Blake Andrews, Richard Bram, Formhals, Chuck Patch and Jack Simon.
Peripheral Vision, The Battery, San Francisco, 2015/2016. Curated by McLaren in collaboration with Thomas Moller and Matt Bernstein.
Collections
McLaren's work is held in the following permanent collections:
University of St Andrews, St Andrews, Fife, Scotland: 116 works (as of September 2020) including Jamaica: A Sweet Forgetting, American Always Scottish Forever and Scotia Nova
See also
Sophie Gerrard
References
External links
"Searing street photographs taken during the financial crisis cast a critical eye over the City of London" – photographs from The Crash at Creative Boom
Photography curators
21st-century Scottish photographers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Adoxia is a genus of skeletonizing leaf beetles in the family Chrysomelidae. There are more than 60 described species in Adoxia, found in Australia and New Zealand.
Species
These 63 species belong to the genus Adoxia:
Adoxia aenea Broun, 1880
Adoxia aenescens (Sharp, 1886)
Adoxia angularia (Broun, 1909)
Adoxia anthracina (Broun, 1914)
Adoxia asperella (Broun, 1909)
Adoxia atripennis (Broun, 1913)
Adoxia attenuata Broun, 1880
Adoxia aurella (Broun, 1914)
Adoxia australis (Jacoby, 1886)
Adoxia axyrocharis (Broun, 1909)
Adoxia benallae (Blackburn, 1891)
Adoxia brevicollis (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia bullata (Broun, 1914)
Adoxia calcarata (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia cheesemani (Broun, 1910)
Adoxia croceicollis (Germar, 1848)
Adoxia cyanescens (Broun, 1917)
Adoxia dilatata (Broun, 1914)
Adoxia dilucida (Broun, 1917)
Adoxia dilutipes (Broun, 1915)
Adoxia discrepans (Broun, 1914)
Adoxia diversa (Broun, 1910)
Adoxia femoralis (Allard, 1889)
Adoxia foveigera (Broun, 1913)
Adoxia fuscata (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia fuscifrons (Broun, 1910)
Adoxia gracilipes (Broun, 1917)
Adoxia halli (Broun, 1917)
Adoxia insolita (Broun, 1914)
Adoxia iridescens (Broun, 1914)
Adoxia lewisi (Broun, 1909)
Adoxia mediocris (Broun, 1917)
Adoxia minor (Broun, 1917)
Adoxia modesta (Blackburn, 1888)
Adoxia mollis (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia monticola (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia nigricans Broun, 1880
Adoxia nigricornis (Sharp, 1886)
Adoxia nitidicollis Broun, 1880
Adoxia nodicollis (Broun, 1915)
Adoxia obscura (Broun, 1910)
Adoxia oconnori (Broun, 1913)
Adoxia oleareae (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia palialis (Broun, 1909)
Adoxia perplexa (Broun, 1917)
Adoxia princeps (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia proletaria (Weise, 1924)
Adoxia pubicollis (Broun, 1915)
Adoxia puncticollis (Sharp, 1886)
Adoxia quadricollis (Broun, 1917)
Adoxia rectipes (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia rugicollis (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia scutellaris (Broun, 1909)
Adoxia simmondsi (Broun, 1913)
Adoxia somersetensis (Weise, 1916)
Adoxia sordidula (Weise, 1924)
Adoxia sulcifera (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia truncata (Broun, 1893)
Adoxia vestitus (Weise, 1924)
Adoxia vilis (Weise, 1924)
Adoxia viridis Broun, 1880
Adoxia vulgaris Broun, 1880
Adoxia xenoscelis (Broun, 1917)
References
Galerucinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Taxa named by Thomas Broun
MegaBox is a large shopping centre in Hong Kong and part of the Enterprise Square Five shopping and office complex, located at 38 Wang Chiu Road, Kowloon Bay, Kowloon. With 19 stories and a floor area of , MegaBox is the largest shopping centre in Eastern Kowloon.
In addition MegaBox houses an ice rink, MegaIce, which is the largest in Hong Kong at 26 metres x 57 metres. MegaBox's UA theatre is the first commercial theatre in Hong Kong to have the IMAX film display system. It also offers a 1000-space car park.
Although it is not built on top of a railway station, the mall is accessible by its free shuttle bus service, plying between the mall and MTR Kowloon Bay station with a frequent headway. Visitors using the MTR have complained of the long delay of around 15 mins from waiting for the shuttle bus to and from the mall. The mall is 15 minutes from the station on foot.
Enterprise Square Five
MegaBox is part of a larger residential and office development, Enterprise Square Five, developed by Kerry Properties. The development has a gross area of . It consists of two 15-storey office towers totalling and the 19-storey shopping mall Megabox.
Architecture
Designed by architects Jerde, MegaBox has a square and circle front facade in deep red, a propitious Chinese colour.
MegaBox incorporates a concept the mall refers to as "Totally Connected Modules" (TCM), which is purportedly realized in three ways: the free-flow of visitor traffic, facilitated by express escalators and elevators connecting the mall's four major zones; second, through the access driveway reaching all floors; and third, the mall's connectivity with the outside environment through its L5 and Beehive Atriums, both incorporating six-storey glass curtain wall for views natural light.
The Four Major Zones
MegaBox has four distinctive lifestyle-theme zones catering to shoppers' personalized tastes; they are IN-Style, Better HOME, FAMILY Circus and EATertainment.
IN-Style (G/F – L2)
The IN-Style Zone spans three floors and encompasses fashion, accessories and superstores. The major tenants are Extravaganza, Hang Seng Bank, McDonald's and Mannings.
Before January 2010, there were several trendy fashion and gift stores, such as PiT, Nici, Mac Look, FX Creations, Extravaganza, Evisu, Scoops, Area 0264 and Novo Concept. However, the shops have since been replaced by a JUSCO Department Store in June 2010, which includes a supermarket and three restaurants.
Better HOME (L3 – L5)
Showcasing house and apartment decoration shops are the three stories of the Better HOME Zone. The major tenants are Giormani Furniture, Simmons, Osim, OTO, and DG Lifestyle Store.
B&Q and Spotlight opened in 2007. However, due to their products' unpopularity in Hong Kong, the shops closed in 2009 and were replaced by IKEA in June 2010.
FAMILY Circus (L6 – L9)
FAMILY Circus offers books, toys, sports, health and music stores as well as electronics & digital outlets.
EATertainment (L10 – L14 & L17 – L18)
The seven floors of the EATertainment Zone follow, featuring theme restaurants, international deli, ice-skating rink and movie theatres. In November 2020, there is a new open indoor playground, The Wonderful World of Whimsy, which is the first time open in the mall, it is the third shop in Hong Kong.
Previous tenants
B&Q (closure on September 14, 2009)
Spotlight (closure on December 31, 2009)
NOVO Concept (closure in January 2010)
PlayStation PlayGround (closure on January 28, 2010)
Transportation
MegaBox provides a shuttle bus route to Telford Plaza. The route is free of charge.
Bus routes 14X, 15A, 15P, 28B, 74A, 107, 297, 606 and 641 are available for passengers to Kwun Tong, Tai Po, Aberdeen, Tin Wan, Tseung Kwan O, Chai Wan, Central, etc.
Minibus routes 15, 48, 68, 106, 110, 111 are also available for passengers to Kowloon Bay, Shun Lee Estate, Choi Wan Estate and Tseung Kwan O.
References
External links
MegaBox official website
MegaIce (MegaBox ice rink) official website
Enterprise Square Five websites
Shopping centres in Hong Kong
IMAX venues
Shopping malls established in 2007
2007 establishments in Hong Kong
Martin Luther Smyser (April 3, 1851 – May 6, 1908) was an American lawyer and politician who served two non consecutive terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Biography
Born on a farm in Plain Township, Wayne County, Ohio, Smyser attended the common schools and was graduated from Wittenberg College, Springfield, Ohio, in 1870.
He studied law at Wooster under Lyman R. Critchfield.
He was admitted to the bar in 1872 and practiced in Wooster.
In 1873 he entered into partnership with Addison S. McClure.
Smyser was elected prosecuting attorney of Wayne County in 1872 and served one term.
He served as delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1884 and 1888.
Smyser was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-first Congress (March 4, 1889 – March 3, 1891).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1890 to the Fifty-second Congress.
He resumed the practice of law in Wooster.
He was appointed to the Ohio District Courts of Appeals, January 15, 1898, by Governor Bushnell.
Smyser was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-ninth Congress (March 4, 1905 – March 3, 1907).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1906 to the Sixtieth Congress.
He continued the practice of law in Wooster, Ohio, until his death in that city May 6, 1908.
He was interred in Wooster Cemetery.
References
External links
1851 births
1908 deaths
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
People from Wayne County, Ohio
Wittenberg University alumni
19th-century American politicians
People from Wooster, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Hugo Grotius, the 17th century jurist and father of public international law, stated in his 1625 magnum opus The Law of War and Peace that "Most Men assign three Just Causes of War, Defence, the Recovery of what's our own, and Punishment."
Overview
Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter
Article 51 of the UN Charter states the following:
Article 51: Nothing in the present Charter shall impair the inherent right of collective or individual self-defense if an armed attack occurs against a member of the United Nations, until the Security Council has taken the measures necessary to maintain international peace and security. Measures taken by members in exercise of this right of self-defense shall be immediately reported to the Security Council and shall not in any way affect the authority and responsibility of the Security Council under the present Charter to take at any time such action as it deems necessary in order to maintain or restore international peace and security.
International law recognizes a right of self-defence, as the International Court of Justice (ICJ) affirmed in the Nicaragua Case on the use of force. Some commentators believe that the effect of Article 51 is only to preserve this right when an armed attack occurs, and that other acts of self-defence are banned by article 2(4). The more widely held opinion is that article 51 acknowledges this general right, and proceeds to lay down procedures for the specific situation when an armed attack does occur. Under the latter interpretation, the legitimate use of self-defence in situations when an armed attack has not actually occurred is still permitted. Not every act of violence will constitute an armed attack. The ICJ has tried to clarify, in the Nicaragua case, what level of force is necessary to qualify as an armed attack.
Customary international law and Caroline test
The traditional customary rules on self-defense derive from an early diplomatic incident between the United States and the United Kingdom over the killing of one US citizen engaged in an attack on Canada, then a British colony. The so-called Caroline case established that there had to exist "a necessity of self-defence, instant, overwhelming, leaving no choice of means, and no moment of deliberation,' and furthermore that any action taken must be proportional, "since the act justified by the necessity of self-defence, must be limited by that necessity, and kept clearly within it." These statements by the US Secretary of State to the British authorities are accepted as an accurate description of the customary right of self-defence. (Dan Webster, Yale Law School)
Imminent threat
The imminent threat is a standard criterion in international law, developed by Daniel Webster as he litigated the Caroline affair, described as being "instant, overwhelming, and leaving no choice of means, and no moment for deliberation." The criteria are used in the international law justification of preemptive self-defense: self-defense without being physically attacked first (see Caroline test). This concept has been used to mitigate the lack of definition provided by Article 51 of the Charter of the United Nations, which states that sovereign nations may fend off an armed attack until the Security Council has adopted measures under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter.
The Caroline affair has been used to establish the principle of "anticipatory self-defense" and is also now invoked frequently in the course of the dispute around preemptive strike (or preemption doctrine).
See also
Casus belli
Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter
Collective security
Jus ad bellum
Just War Theory
Laws of war
Religious war
Security-related bills
Targeted killing
Threat of force (public international law)
Use of force in international law
Domestic Law Issues related to Self-Defense
Bodily harm and Grievous bodily harm
Castle Doctrine in the United States
Clear and present danger
Duty to retreat
Imminent lawless action
References
Sources
Ben Fritz, "Sorting out the "imminent threat" debate,", spinsanity.org, November 3, 2003
Dan Darling, "Special Analysis: The Imminent Threat," windsofchange.net, September 4, 2003
Wolf Schäfer, "Learning From Recent History," Provost's Lecture Series on Global Issues - The People Speak: America Debates its Role in the World, Stony Brook University, October 15, 2003
Michael Byers, "Jumping the Gun", London Review of Books, Vol. 24 No. 14, 25 July 2002, pp 3–5
Matthew Omolesky, "Special Report: Israel and International Law," The American Spectator, 7.18.06
The Caroline Case : Anticipatory Self-Defence in Contemporary International Law
The Caroline Incident during the Patriot War
Obituary of Neil MacGregor, one of the Upper Canada militiamen on the raid
The Avalon Project at Yale Law School: The Webster-Ashburton Treaty and The Caroline Case
Chapter 7, "British Steamer is Burned by Patriots" in Northern New York In The Patriot War, 1923, By L. N. Fuller
The Caroline (Christopher Greenwood) in the context of international law - Max Planck Encyclopedia of Public International Law
Notes
International criminal law
International law
Negera is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
Species
Negera bimaculata (Holland, 1893)
Negera clenchi Watson, 1965
Negera confusa Walker, 1855
Negera disspinosa Watson, 1965
Negera natalensis (Felder, 1874)
Negera quadricornis Watson, 1965
Negera ramosa Watson, 1965
Negera unispinosa Watson, 1965
References
Drepaninae
Drepanidae genera
Taxa named by Francis Walker (entomologist)
Clemens Jabloner (born 28 November 1948) is an Austrian jurist who served as Vice-Chancellor of Austria and Minister of Justice in the Bierlein government from 2019 to 2020. He previously served as president of the Supreme Administrative Court of Austria from 1993 to 2013 and was a professor of jurisprudence at the University of Vienna.
References
1948 births
Living people
Government ministers of Austria
Vice-Chancellors of Austria
Justice ministers of Austria
21st-century Austrian politicians
Kazuo Igarashi (五十嵐 和男 いがらし かずお born March 24, 1946) is a Japanese aikido teacher who presently holds the rank of 8th dan Aikikai.
Born in Niigata he entered Yasuo Kobayashi's dojo as an uchideshi in 1973 and from 1978 has taught a few seminars per year in Sweden, Finland,
Canada, EE.UU., Hawaii, Russia, Helsinki, Korea, Greece, England.
In 1983 he established the Aikido Hashimo Dojo in Hashimoto. Igarashi teaches at eight dojos in the Kantō area.
These are :
1. The main Dojo at Hashimoto, Midori-ku, Sagamihara-shi, Kanagawa, established in February, 1983
2. Hachioji Dojo, Hachioji-shi, Tokyo
3. Motosumiyoshi Dojo, Kawasaki-shi, Kanagawa
4. Honatsugi Dojo, Atsugi-shi, Kanagawa
5. Umegaoka Dojo, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo
Igarashi Aikido Dojo is represented in South America by Daniel Picciola Aikido Sensei Union Argentina.Visit Argentina in November 2012
External links
Aikido Igarashi Dojo (English)
Japanese aikidoka
Living people
1946 births
Tracy Franklin Pew (19 December 1957 – 7 November 1986) was an Australian musician, and bassist for The Birthday Party. He was later a member of The Saints, and worked with Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
As a member of the Birthday Party, Pew became associated with their "prodigious consumption of drugs and alcohol". In 1982, he was imprisoned for ten weeks in HM Prison Won Wron on charges relating to driving under the influence of alcohol. He died on 7 November 1986 of a brain haemorrhage, after sustaining head injuries during an epileptic seizure; he was aged 28.
Biography
Tracy Franklin Pew was born on 19 December 1957 in Australia; he moved with his family to New Zealand in 1959, but they returned in May 1964. From 1972, he attended Caulfield Grammar School in Melbourne. He lived in Mount Waverley and learned to play bass from his friend, Chris Walsh. Pew joined a rock band, The Boys Next Door, in 1975; it included his schoolfriends Nick Cave on vocals, Mick Harvey on guitar and Phill Calvert on drums. In May 1978, they provided three tracks for the Suicide Records compilation by various artists, Lethal Weapons, including two tracks each by Teenage Radio Stars and JAB. The Boys Next Door added Rowland S. Howard on guitar in December 1978; in April 1979, they issued their debut album Door, Door on Mushroom Records. In October that year they released a shared single, "Scatterbrain", backed with "Early Morning Brain (It's Not Quite the Same as Sobriety)" by alternative rockers Models. The Boys Next Door and Models were "the first Melbourne bands to rise out of the ashes of that city's hothouse punk/new wave explosion of the late 1970s with a clear vision and wider appeal. While The Birthday Party was hell-bent on kicking down the established parameters of rock music, Models were more clearly pop-oriented".
In February 1980, The Boys Next Door renamed themselves The Birthday Party and relocated to London. Rowland S. Howard recalls, "About the time of Hee Haw we decided to move to London ... we got very little press and our audience had reached a plateau. There was nowhere we could go. So we figured we had to go somewhere that, by virtue of population, there was more people that would be interested in seeing a band that was not a commercial proposition."
In November that year they returned to Australia, released their debut album Prayers on Fire in April 1981, and were back in London by August. Pew wrote a track, "The Plague", for Prayers on Fire, but it did not make the cut; it later appeared on Drunk on the Pope's Blood (1991).
The Birthday Party returned to the Crystal Ballroom. Ashley Crawford recalls "the only one who looked part of a more-or-less traditional rock'n'roll band was Tracy Pew, inevitably resplendent in fishnet singlet and ten-gallon Stetson, wielding a bass guitar like an AK47 and known to occasionally stuff his head into the centre of the bass drum as he flailed at his bass guitar".
On 16 February 1982, Pew was imprisoned on charges relating to driving under the influence of alcohol and a series of accumulated fines; he was sentenced to ten weeks in HM Prison Won Wron, a minimum security prison farm near Yarram. In Rowland S. Howard's words, "I'd been in quite a few trips with Tracy where somewhere along the journey you'd find out the car was stolen. I remember we were driving around Melbourne and there were all these kids' pictures floating around in the back seat. He'd stolen some poor primary school teacher's car." During Pew's stretch at Won Wron, he was temporarily replaced in the band by Chris Walsh (of The Moodists) for the band's subsequent Melbourne shows, and Barry Adamson (of Magazine) and Harry Howard (Rowland's brother) for their UK shows. Pew returned to the band after his release with a gig in Hammersmith on 26 May 1982. In August the group relocated to Berlin.
According to rock music historian Ian McFarlane, "Rivalries within the group had intensified, and the prodigious consumption of drugs and alcohol by various members began to undermine any sense of unity. Matters came to a head when Harvey refused to undertake a tour of Australia at the end of May 1983". Gerald Houghton found the group "was a jolly adventure in drugs, alcohol, and more drugs and even more alcohol. Here if you want them are the king-size fuck-ups of guitarist Roland S. Howard, Cave and particularly leather-trousered bassist Tracy Pew. Stories are rampant about the congenial, erudite Pew's excesses, of OD-ing offstage and collapsing on". Rowland S. Howard recalls, "We'd spent the last 4 years not really making any money, living in each other's pockets, homeless. We just need to take a ... breath!"
The Birthday Party played their last gig on 9 June 1983, although early in 1984 Pew briefly played bass for Nick Cave – Man or Myth?, the forerunner of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, on a live tour. Pew returned to Melbourne to study literature and philosophy at Monash University. In mid-1984, singer-songwriter Chris Bailey asked Pew to join a touring line-up of his punk band The Saints, alongside Chris Burnham on guitar and Ian Shedden on drums. Former Saints' member Ed Kuepper agreed to return and toured with the band, replacing Pew on bass, but left after several weeks due to old conflicts resurfacing. Pew contributed to Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds' album of cover versions, Kicking Against the Pricks (August 1986), and performed on Lydia Lunch's concept album Honeymoon in Red (1987).
During his musical career, Pew was credited with playing bass guitar, double bass, wind, and clarinet. He received songwriting credits for "She's Hit" on Junkyard (May 1982), "Sonny's Burning" on The Bad Seed (October 1982) and "Swampland" on Mutiny (1983).
Personal life
According to Gina Riley, comedian from TV series Kath & Kim, Pew dated her in 1976. In April 2009, Riley recalled the relationship on the musical quiz show Spicks and Specks. Pew was prone to epileptic seizures, at times exacerbated by heavy drug use, although he had cleaned up by the mid-1980s. In late 1986, he experienced a fit whilst in his bath, resulting in head injuries so severe he died days later, on 7 November 1986, from a brain haemorrhage. He was 28 years old.
See also
List of Caulfield Grammar School people
References
General
Note: Archived [on-line] copy has limited functionality
Specific
External links
The Birthday Party official website
The Birthday Party photo at National Library of Australia by Peter Milne, summer 1981.
1957 births
1986 deaths
Australian bass guitarists
People educated at Caulfield Grammar School
Neurological disease deaths in Victoria (Australia)
Deaths from epilepsy
Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds members
Australian punk rock musicians
The Saints (Australian band) members
The Birthday Party (band) members
Male bass guitarists
20th-century bass guitarists
Australian male guitarists
20th-century Australian male musicians
20th-century Australian musicians
The blue nuthatch (Sitta azurea) is a bird species in the nuthatch family Sittidae. It is a medium-sized nuthatch, measuring in length. The species, which shows slight sexual dimorphism, has dramatic coloration unlike any other member of its genus. Its head is black or blackish-blue dark blue close to purple with azure feathers. The wings are edged with black. The throat and chest are white or a washed buff color, contrasting with the upperparts and the belly of a very dark blue; the covert feathers are generally clear, blue-gray or purplish.
The blue nuthatch's ecology is poorly known, but it feeds on small invertebrates found on trees; reproduction takes place from April to June or July. It also forages in mixed-species flocks in larger groups. They can be found in the Malay Peninsula and on the islands of Sumatra and Java in Indonesia, where it inhabits subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest above in altitude.
Three subspecies are recognized: S. a. expectata, S. a. nigriventer and S. a. azurea, which differ chiefly in the coloring of their , chests and bellies. The species' closest relatives are the velvet-fronted nuthatch (S. frontalis), the yellow-billed nuthatch (S. solangiae) and the sulphur-billed nuthatch (S. oenochlamys). The population of the species has not been determined but the species appears to be at low risk of extinction because of the extent of its distribution. It has been classified as of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Taxonomy
The blue nuthatch was first described in 1830 under its current binomial name, Sitta azurea, by the French naturalist René Primevère Lesson (1794–1849). Sitta is derived from the Ancient Greek name for nuthatches, , sittē. "Nuthatch", first recorded in 1350, is derived from "nut" and a word probably related to "hack", since these birds hack at nuts they have wedged into crevices. The genus may be further divided into seven subgenera, of which the blue nuthatch is placed alone in Poecilositta (Buturlin 1916).
The nuthatches constitute a genus, Sitta, of small passerine birds in the family Sittidae, typified by short, compressed wings and short, square 12-feathered tails, a compact body, longish pointed , strong toes with long claws, and behaviorally, by their unique head-first manner of descending tree trunks. Most nuthatches have gray or bluish upperparts and a black eyestripe. In 2006, ornithologist Edward C. Dickinson Proposed splitting Sitta in multiple genera on the basis of distinct morphological traits. He suggested as candidates the velvet-fronted nuthatch (Sitta frontalis) and the blue nuthatch, the morphology of which he describes as "rather aberrant ... in spite of a character trait (white edges to wing feathers) shared with Sitta formosa", and that doing so might, in turn, require the beautiful nuthatch (S. formosa) to be split off as well. He stated, however, that a molecular study would be warranted prior to any re-classification.
In 2014, Eric Pasquet and colleagues published a phylogeny based on examination of nuclear and mitochondrial DNA of 21 nuthatch species. The position of the blue nuthatch within the genus was not established with certainty, having a far lower correlation than many others in the model. Nevertheless, under the findings the species appears best represented by a clade comprising the velvet-fronted nuthatch and the sulphur-billed nuthatch (S. oenochlamys). These tropical Asian nuthatches are themselves a sister clade to one comprising the subgenus Sitta (Micrositta) (sometimes called the canadensis group), along with the brown-headed nuthatch (S. pusilla) and the pygmy nuthatch (S. pygmaea).
Subspecies
There are three recognized subspecies of the blue nuthatch.
S. a. expectata (Hartert, 1914), described in 1914 by German ornithologist Ernst Hartert as Callisitta azurea expectata from a holotype taken in the Malay Peninsula's Semangko Pass in Pahang; it is also found in Sumatra;
S. a. nigriventer (Robinson & Kloss, 1919), described in 1919 by British zoologists Herbert Robinson and Cecil Kloss as Poliositta azurea nigriventer from a holotype taken at Mount Gede in West Java, Indonesia. British ornithologist William Swainson had described the subspecies under the name dendrophila flavipes in 1838, but the name was subsequently little used, and can be considered a nomen oblitum ("forgotten name");
S. a. azurea (Lesson, 1830) the nominate subspecies, was described in 1830 by René Lesson from a specimen possibly taken on the Arjuno-Welirang stratovolcano; inhabits central and eastern Java.
Description
The blue nuthatch is a medium-sized nuthatch that has an average length of . The weight is not known, but may be comparable to the Algerian nuthatch (Sitta ledanti), which also measures long, and weighs between and . Its appearance differs significantly from all other nuthatches. All of its subspecies are broadly black and white (especially when viewed in low-light conditions in which their dark blue coloring is not apparent) and have upper plumage shot through with dramatic notes of cobalt, azure and other lighter shades of blue, as well as grays and purples. The head is black, or blackish-blue with a broad, pale blue .
The three subspecies vary predominantly in the coloring of their mantles, chests and bellies. The upperparts are dark blue at the mantle or purplish in some subspecies. The rectrices, which are the tail's flight feathers, are pale blue in the middle with a black border and contrast sharply with the dark areas of the coat. The throat and breast are white, or washed buff, especially in S. a. nigriventer. The belly and abdomen are blackish, contrasting with blue-gray or purplish . The bill is lavender, slightly tinged with green, and black at the tip; the legs are a pale blue-gray and the claws are slate or black.
The species displays no significant sexual dimorphism, but Japanese ornithologist Nagamichi Kuroda describes the female as having slightly duller upperparts. Juveniles resemble adults, but have a duller crown and ear coverts, as well as a brown cast that does not cover their entire body. The belly is a dull black and the undertail coverts are variably edged creamy white. The juvenile's bill is blackish, with a pink base. Adults experience a partial moult before the breeding season (February–March for S. a. expectata; March–April for S. a. azurea) involving the throat, chest and mantle; a complete moult takes place after the breeding season (March–April and August in Java in Malaysia).
Vocalizations
The species' vocalizations include a melodious tup or tip, a sudden whit, a thin hissing sit, and a fuller, harder, and more forceful chit. When excited, sit and chit notes are frequently given quickly and repetitively as a chi-chit, chit-chit-chit or chir-ri-rit, which can be prolonged, accelerated into staccato trilling tititititititik, or even becoming a rattling tr-r-r-r-r-r-t. Other calls include a thin, squeaking zhe and zhe-zhe, a squeaky toy-like nasal snieu or kneu, and a buzzy chirr-u. The vocal repertoire of the blue nuthatch is quite varied and is reminiscent of the velvet-fronted nuthatch and, to a lesser extent, the sulphur-billed nuthatch.
Behavior and ecology
The blue nuthatch is very active, often seen running in pairs, in larger groups, or mingling in mixed-species foraging flocks.
Diet
The blue nuthatch feeds on arthropods, of which some have been particularly identified as common in its diet, including Trachypholis beetles, click beetles, Eumolpinae leaf beetles, spiders, and moth caterpillars. It typically forages for prey in the upper half of large trees, and occasionally in smaller trees. While prospecting on tree trunks, the bird protects its corneas from falling bark and other debris by contracting the bare skin around its eyes – an adaptation apparently unique to the species.
Breeding
The breeding of the species has not been extensively studied. The nest is made in a small tree hole in which it lays three to four dirty-white eggs, washed in lavender and densely speckled with reddish-brown and gray, that measure . In Peninsular Malaysia, juveniles just reaching maturity were observed in late June; on the island of Java, the breeding season takes place from April to July, and on Sumatra an adult feeding its young was observed on May 9.
Predation
Little has been specifically reported on blue nuthatch predators, but one individual was seen to freeze during the passage of a prospecting black eagle (Ictinaetus malayensis).
Distribution and habitat
This species lives in the Malay Peninsula (in extreme southern Thailand and northern Malaysia) and in Indonesia on the islands of Sumatra and Java. In Malaysia, the species has been observed in Bukit Larut, in the state of Perak, in the Titiwangsa Mountains, in southern Hulu Langat, in the state of Selangor, as well as some isolated populations on the slopes of the massive Mount Benom in the state of Pahang, on Mount Tahan located at the Pahang-Kelantan border, on Mount Rabong in Kelantan and at Mount Padang in the Sultanate of Terengganu.
In Sumatra, the bird is found throughout the Barisan Mountains, and has been observed in the Gayo Highlands of Aceh province, the Batak Highlands of northern Sumatra, and at Dempo in the south of the island. In a 1918 expedition by Robinson and Kloss, they commented: "from the commencement of heavy jungle on the valley slopes up to about 8,000 feet on Korinchi Peak this strikingly coloured little Nuthatch was very common, feeding on tall tree trunks in parties of six or seven."
The blue nuthatch is typically found on mountains, inhabiting subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. In Malaysia, it is found from to the highest point in the country at . In Sumatra, the species has been reported at an altitudinal range of between and , and on Java, between and . Ornithologist John MacKinnon has reported some rare sightings at lower altitudes on the plains of Java.
Threats and protection
The blue nuthatch is a common bird in Sumatra, including in the area of Kerinci Seblat National Park and relatively common in Malaysia and Java. It has a very wide distribution area, approaching . The population has not been rigorously estimated but is considered significant and at low risk, despite BirdLife International's observation that some decline is likely (but not as yet confirmed) due to known destruction and fragmentation of areas the species is known to inhabit. The blue nuthatch is placed in the category of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Footnotes
Citations
Bibliography
blue nuthatch
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
Birds of Sumatra
Birds of Java
blue nuthatch
Taxa named by René Lesson
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bad for Me may refer to:
"Bad for Me" (Meghan Trainor song), 2022
"Bad for Me" (Megan and Liz song), 2012, from the EP Bad for Me
Bad for Me (album), a 1979 album by Dee Dee Bridgewater
"Bad for Me", a 2021 song by Tebey from the album The Good Ones
Zatrephes ockendeni is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
Erin Selby is a politician and former TV personality in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Selby earned a bachelor's degree in communications studies from Concordia University.
She previously co-hosted Breakfast Television on Citytv Winnipeg alongside Jon Ljungberg from August 4, 2005, to March 23, 2007. Before signing on with Citytv, she was a weather anchor for Global News Montreal and the consumer watch reporter for CTV Winnipeg. She also appeared in several movies as a reporter, including The Art of War with Wesley Snipes.
Selby was elected as the MLA for the NDP in the riding of Southdale in the 2007 Manitoba provincial election.
It was announced on March 28, 2011, that Selby was appointed Manitoba's new Minister of Advanced Education and Literacy. She replaced Diane McGifford who planned not to run again in the fall.
In October 2013, Selby became Manitoba's Health Minister. Just over a year later, she resigned her cabinet position on November 3, 2014, along with Jennifer Howard, Theresa Oswald, Stan Struthers, and Andrew Swan as part of an ultimately unsuccessful cabinet revolt due to concerns about Premier Selinger's leadership. She remained an NDP MLA after her resignation.
Selby was the NDP candidate in the riding of Saint Boniface—Saint Vital in the 2015 Canadian federal election coming a distant third.
Electoral history
References
External links
Women government ministers of Canada
Canadian television hosts
Concordia University alumni
Health ministers of Manitoba
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Manitoba
New Democratic Party candidates for the Canadian House of Commons
New Democratic Party of Manitoba MLAs
Politicians from Winnipeg
Women MLAs in Manitoba
21st-century Canadian politicians
21st-century Canadian women politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Canadian women television hosts
José Villanueva Agdamag Jr. (22 June 1921 – 15 March 2011) was a Filipino sports shooter. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics, the 1968 Summer Olympics and 1958 Asian Games. Prior to the Olympics, he served in the 41st Infantry Division for the Philippines and survived the Bataan Death March in 1942. Along with his son, Vicente, they wrote the book 150 Days of Hell, about the Japanese invasion of the Philippines.
References
External links
1921 births
2011 deaths
Filipino male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of the Philippines
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Baguio
Filipino military personnel of World War II
Shooters at the 1958 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for the Philippines
Filipino prisoners of war
World War II prisoners of war held by Japan
Bataan Death March prisoners
Chris Allen (born 1966) is a British sociologist and associate professor at the Centre for Hate Studies at the University of Leicester. He was named by the Deutsche Welle as an expert on the topic of contemporary Islamophobia.
Research into Islamophobia
Shortly after the events of 9/11 he was commissioned by the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia to co-author its "Summary report on Islamophobia in the EU after 11 September 2001" with Jorgen S. Nielsen. Published in May 2002, the report concluded that "a greater receptivity towards anti-Muslim and other xenophobic ideas and sentiments has, and may well continue, to become more tolerated". At the same time, Allen apparently acknowledged that "there were very few serious [anti-Muslim] attacks" and that Islamophobia "manifested itself in quite basic and low-level ways." However, Allen has stated that after the report was published there was a "concerted effort by some to dismiss this data because the number of 'high level' incidents - violent assaults, murder, firebombing of mosques etc - were (thankfully) low." He also stated that the focus in the number of Islamophobic incidents or severity of them minimizes the fact that the hate, prejudice, and discrimination that Muslims face negatively affect them and their lives.
In 2012, he was asked to be on the board of "a cross-government working group to tackle anti-Muslim hatred". He later resigned from the group.
Bibliography
Islamophobia (2010)
References
External links
Chris Allen's personal website
Living people
Academics of the University of Birmingham
Islam in Europe
1966 births
Scholars of Islamophobia
The Electorate of Württemberg was a short-lived state of the Holy Roman Empire on the right bank of the Rhine. In 1803, Napoleon raised the Duchy of Württemberg to the Electorate of Württemberg, the highest form of a princedom in the Holy Roman Empire. However, soon afterward, on 1 January 1806, the last Elector assumed the title of King of Württemberg. Later, the last Emperor, Francis II, abolished de facto the empire on 6 August 1806.
History
Charles Eugene, Duke of Württemberg left no legitimate heirs and was succeeded by his two brothers, first Louis Eugene (died 1795), who was childless, and Frederick II Eugene (died 1797). Frederick II Eugene served in the army of Frederick the Great, to whom he was related by marriage, and then managed his family's estates around Montbéliard. He educated his children in the Protestant faith as francophones, and all members of the subsequent Württemberg royal family were descended from him. Thus, when his son became duke in 1797 as Frederick III, Protestantism returned to the ducal household, and the royal house adhered to this faith thereafter.
During the short reign of Frederick II Eugene, the French Republic invaded Württemberg and compelled the duke to withdraw his troops from the imperial army and pay reparations. Though he ruled for only two years, Frederick II Eugene effectively managed to retain the independence of the duchy. Through his children's marriages, he made remarkable connections across Europe, including to the Russian, Austrian and British royal families.
His son, Duke Frederick III (1754–1816), was a prince who modelled himself on Frederick the Great. He took part in the war against France in defiance of the wishes of his people and, when the French again invaded and devastated the country, he retired to Erlangen, where he remained until after the conclusion of the peace of Lunéville on 9 February 1801.
Following the German Mediatisation with France, signed in March 1802, he ceded his possessions on the left bank of the Rhine, receiving in return nine free imperial cities, among them Reutlingen and Heilbronn and other territories, amounting altogether to about 850 square miles and containing about 124,000 inhabitants. He also accepted from Napoleon in 1803 the title of elector. Subsequently, the duchy was elevated to an electorate, the Electorate of Württemberg (1803–1805). The new districts were not incorporated in the duchy, but remained separate. They were known as "New Württemberg" and were ruled without a diet. Other areas were acquired in 1803–1806 as part of the German Mediatisation process.
In 1805 Württemberg took up arms on the side of the First French Empire, and in the Peace of Pressburg in December 1805 the elector was rewarded with various Further Austria possessions in the Swabian Circle and with other lands in the area Vorderösterreich). On 1 January 1806, Duke Frederick III was given the title of King of Württemberg, whereupon he became King Frederick I of Württemberg. King Frederick I abrogated the constitution and united Old and New Württemberg. Subsequently, he placed church property under state control. He also joined the Confederation of the Rhine and received further territory.
References
States and territories established in 1803
States and territories disestablished in 1806
Electorates of the Holy Roman Empire
Electorate of Württemberg
1803 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
1806 disestablishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Aristeidis Dimitratos () (1902–1986) was a Greek trade union functionary and politician. Dimitratos was a founding member of the Socialist Workers' Party of Greece (SEKE), precursor to the Communist Party of Greece (KKE) and General Secretary of the General Confederation of Greek Workers (GSEE). Dimitratos flipped from the left wing to the right wing during the dictatorial regime of Ioannis Metaxas, serving as Minister of Labor from 1936 to 1941. During the Axis occupation of Greece, Dimitratos fled the country, remaining as Minister of Labor in the Greek government in exile until dismissed in February 1942 in a move to liberalize that body.
After spending the rest of World War II in the United States, where he cooperated with American military intelligence, Dimitratos returned to Greece in September 1945. He was elected as a parliamentary deputy in 1946 and again from 1956 to 1961 under the banner of the right wing National Radical Union (ERE), serving again as Minister of Labor from 1958 to 1961.
Biography
Early years
Aristeidis Dimitratos was born in Cefalonia, Greece on January 31, 1902, into a family of intellectuals. Dimitratos attended primary school in his native Cefalonia before moving to Athens, where he attended secondary school.
During his school years in Athens, Dimitratos became active in the Greek labor movement, becoming active in the Socialist youth movement and agitating among the country's tobacco workers.
Left-wing politician
In 1918 Aristeides Dimitratos was a founding member of the Socialist Workers' Party of Greece (SEKE), direct forerunner of the Communist Party of Greece (KKE). Aristeides' commitment to the Greek radical movement was shared by his brother Nikos Dimitratos and his cousin Panagis Dimitratos, the two of whom served consecutively as the first and second General Secretaries of the SEKE.
Ariseides was elected Secretary of the Socialist Federation of Youth in Greece, youth section of the SEKE, in 1919. He moved his membership to the Communist Party of Greece when that organization was established from the SEKE.
In 1926 Dimitratos was elected head of the General Confederation of Greek Workers (GSEE) for Macedonia and Thrace. He remained active in the Greek Communist movement until 1928, at which time he left the party and began to concentrate his activities as a moderate trade union functionary. He was elected General Secretary of the GSEE in 1929 and re-elected as the national head of that organization in 1933.
Right-wing politician
During the first half of the 1930s, Dimitratos' politics moved from radicalism towards conservative nationalism and staunch anti-communism. In the summer of 1936 General Ioannis Metaxas seized power in a coup d'etat, installing a new right-wing government remembered as the 4th of August Regime. Aristeides Dimitratos was tapped as Minister of Labor by Metaxas, and he remained in that capacity until the Nazi invasion of Greece in April 1941.
Following the German invasion, the Metaxas regime went into exile, with Dimitratos remaining as Minister of Labor of this shadow government until he was dismissed in February 1942 as part of an effort to make the government-in-exile more liberal and representative of all political tendencies in Greek society. Dimitratos would spend the duration of the war in the United States, where he worked in cooperation with American military intelligence in 1944 and 1945.
Dimitratos returned to Greece in September 1945 where he immediately sought to regain control of the GSEE. The GSEE declined to reelect the former Metaxas official as its head, however, and Dimitratos was forced to make his own political way, helping to establish a new extreme right wing Labor Party, gaining election to the national parliament as deputy from Cefalonia under the banner of this new organization.
During the 1950s, Dimitratos became active in the right wing National Radical Union (ERE). He lost his bid for parliament in the elections of 1950 and 1951, but scored victories under the ERE banner in the elections of 1956, 1958, and 1961. In the 1958 cabinet of Konstantinos Karamanlis, Dimitratos was once again made Minister of Labor, remaining in that capacity until the end of the cabinet's tenure in 1961.
Aristeidis Dimitratos died in 1986.
Footnotes
1902 births
1986 deaths
People from Cephalonia
Communist Party of Greece politicians
4th of August Regime
United Alignment of Nationalists politicians
National Radical Union politicians
Labour ministers of Greece
Greek MPs 1946–1950
Greek MPs 1956–1958
Greek MPs 1958–1961
Greek MPs 1961–1963
Greek exiles
Greek people of World War II
Eric Patterson Jr. (February 5, 1993 – June 8, 2019) was an American football cornerback. He played college football for Ball State University, and was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2015. Patterson was also a member of the Indianapolis Colts, the St. Louis Rams and the Cleveland Browns
College
Patterson played college football for the Ball State Cardinals.
Professional career
New England Patriots
Patterson signed with the New England Patriots on May 8, 2015. He was released on June 9.
Indianapolis Colts
On August 9, 2015, Patterson signed with the Indianapolis Colts. He was released on September 5, and signed to the practice squad on September 6. Patterson was elevated to the active roster on September 18, and made his NFL debut against the New York Jets in Week 2, making 2 tackles. On September 22, Patterson was waived by the Colts, and re-signed to the practice squad the following day. He was waived from the practice squad on September 29.
St. Louis Rams
Patterson signed to the St. Louis Rams practice squad on October 2, 2015.
Cleveland Browns
On May 16, 2016, Patterson signed with the Cleveland Browns. On September 3, 2016, he was released by the Browns.
Death
Patterson was shot to death in his home in Tampa, Florida on June 8, 2019.
References
External links
Profile at BallStateSports.com
1993 births
2019 deaths
2019 murders in the United States
African-American players of American football
American football cornerbacks
Players of American football from Tampa, Florida
Ball State Cardinals football players
New England Patriots players
Indianapolis Colts players
St. Louis Rams players
Deaths by firearm in Florida
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
Mirovyane Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 1387 m in Maglenik Heights, north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is surmounting Kopsis Glacier to the west, lower Embree Glacier to the north, and Young Glacier to the south.
The peak is named after the settlement of Mirovyane in Western Bulgaria.
Location
Mirovyane Peak is located at , which is 3.46 km northeast of Zimornitsa Peak, 13.68 km southeast of Mount Schmid and 17.94 km north-northwest of Mount Besch. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
External links
Mirovyane Peak SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer Antarctic Place-names Commission (in Bulgarian)
Basic data (in English)
External links
Mirovyane Peak. Copernix satellite image
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Otari Kvantrishvili (, ; January 27, 1948 – April 5, 1994) was a Georgian mafia boss and one of Moscow's leading organised crime figures during the early 1990s.
Biography
Prior to his 1966 conviction for rape, Kvantrishvili was on his way to becoming a world-champion wrestler. In the 1980s he then founded the Dynamo Sports Club and later the 21st Century Association, an organisation ostensibly dedicated to funding sports but was widely regarded as a front for racketeering. During the chaotic transition to capitalism in the early 1990s, Kvantrishvili became something of a public face for the mafia, befriending politicians and celebrities such as Joseph Kobzon while also acting as a mediator between various underworld factions, including the thieves in law and Slavic and Chechen mobsters.
The Podolskaya OPG () were close to Kvantrishvili.
In late 1993, Kvantrishvili publicly announced his intention to enter politics through a new party, the Party of Sportsmen, at a conference attended by many well-known athletes.
At 5:45 pm on 5 April 1994, he was shot dead by a sniper while leaving a Krasnopresnensky bathhouse in Moscow. He was buried at Vagankovskoye.
At the time of his death, Kvantrishvili was actively removing the Cherny brothers from the aluminium industry in Russia who controlled 75% of the aluminum exported from Russia to the West.
Kvantrishvili was in open conflict with Moscow City Police General Vladimir Rushailo () in the Moscow RUOP.
On September 29, 2008, four members of the Orekhovo-Medvedkovo gang were convicted, among other things, for organizing Kvantrishvili's murder. Oleg Pylev was sentenced to life in prison, Aleksei Sherstobitov received 23 years of imprisonment, Pavel Makarov – 13 years and Sergei Yelizarov – 11 years. Sherstobitov was the one who actually killed Kvantrishvili. He received a Lada car as payment for Kvantrishvili's murder.
References
External links
1948 births
1994 deaths
Gangsters from Georgia (country)
Russian people of Georgian descent
Russian gangsters
Murdered Russian gangsters
Deaths by firearm in Russia
Thieves in law
Soviet wrestlers
Soviet male sport wrestlers
Burials at Vagankovo Cemetery
The Antaryamin, in terms of Hindu philosophy, is related to the "inner-self", the "inner-controller" or the "inner-guidance" that exists in a person and itself manifests on an intuitive way to the one manifesting it. It recalls a teacher or a guru that resides within and once it is manifested - for a higher context of knowledge guidance - usually after one summons or prays for it, the Antaryamin comes to help. In some cases, the Antaryamin is asked to be manifested in order to resolve non-intellectual issues, also performing miracles to the one asking.
Hindu contextualization
On the Hindu scriptures, we find the concept of the Antaryamin as the Inner Controller after the building of the elementary concepts regarding a deity or an ego - on a unity way - of which is controlling, somehow to a compared intelligence, the universe and all that is. This intelligence may also refer to what is called consciousness or awareness that is far superior, hence capable of doing superior things.
References
Subrahmanian
Swami Krishnananda "THE NATURE OF THE INNER CONTROLLER"
External links
Bhagavad Gita Chapter 13th
Antarjami or Antaryamin?
Hindu philosophical concepts
Árpád Soós (20 September 1912, in Budapest – 1 June 1991, in Budapest) was a Hungarian zoologist, entomologist and museologist. He is best known for his work on leeches and flies (Diptera) and, as co-editor with László Papp, for the Catalogue of Palaearctic Diptera 1986-1993.
Main works
Identification key to the leech (Hirudinoidea) genera of the World, with a catalogue of the species. I. Family: Piscicolidae; II. Families: Semiscolecidae, Trematobdellidae, Americobdellidae, Diestecostomatidae; III. Family: Erpobdellidae; IV. Family: Haemadipsidae; V. Family: Hirudinidae; VI. Family: Glossiphoniidae (Acta zoologica hungarica, 11, 1965, 417-463; 12, 1966, 145-160, 371-407; 13, 1967, 417-432; 15, 1969, 151-201, 397-454)
Spenidius horvathi gen. n., sp. n. aus Spanien (Homoptera: Issidae) (Folia entomologica hungarica 29(1), 1976, 87-91)
Poloskák VIII. - Heteroptera VIII. (Magyarország Állatvilága, 17(8), Bp., 1963, 1-48)
Bábtojó legyek - Muscidae pupiparae (Magyarország Állatvilága, 15(17), Bp., 1955, 1-20); Torpikkelynélküli legyek I. - Muscidae acalyptratae. I. (Magyarország Állatvilága, 15(1), Bp., 1959, 1-88)
Csupaszlegyek - Laposfejű legyek. Psilidae - Platystomatidae (Magyarország Állatvilága, 15(2), Bp., 1980, 1-100)
Family Micropezidae (Tylidae); Family Neriidae; Family Tanypezidae; Family Psilidae; Family Pyrgotidae; Family Platystomatidae (Platystomidae); Family Otitidae (Ortalidae) All in : Soós, Á. and Papp, L. (ed.): Catalogue of Palaearctic Diptera, Bp., 9, 1984, 19-59)
70 Clusiidae (In: McAlpine, J. F. et al. (ed.): Manual of Nearctic Diptera, 2. Research Branch, Agriculture Canada, Monograph No. 28, Ottawa, 1987, 853-857).
1912 births
1991 deaths
20th-century Hungarian zoologists
Hungarian entomologists
Dipterists
Museologists
Balked at the Altar is a 1908 American short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress. The film was made by the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company when it and many other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee, New Jersey at the beginning of the 20th century.
Cast
Mabel Stoughton as Female Lead
Linda Arvidson
George Gebhardt
D. W. Griffith
Robert Harron
Arthur V. Johnson
Mack Sennett
Harry Solter
See also
List of American films of 1908
1908 in film
D. W. Griffith filmography
References
External links
Balked at the Altar available for free download at Internet Archive
1908 films
1908 comedy films
1908 short films
Silent American comedy films
American silent short films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by D. W. Griffith
Films shot in Fort Lee, New Jersey
Articles containing video clips
American comedy short films
1900s American films
The National Olympic Committee – Kenya (IOC code: KEN) is the National Olympic Committee representing Kenya. It was created in 1955 and recognised by the IOC that same year.
Kenya made its debut at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia.
The current President of the National Olympic Committee - Kenya is distance running legend Paul Tergat since 2017, taking over from another distance running legend Kipchoge Keino who had been in charge since 1999.
President
1999 to 2017 – Kipchoge Keino
2017 to present – Paul Tergat
See also
Kenya at the Olympics
Kenya at the Commonwealth Games
References
Kenya
Kenya
Sports governing bodies in Kenya
Galp Energia, SGPS, S.A. is a Portuguese multinational energy corporation, headquartered in Lisbon, Portugal. Galp consists of more than 100 companies engaged in every aspect of the oil and natural gas supply, hydrocarbon exploration and production; refining, trading, logistics and retailing; co-generation and renewable energy. Galp was founded in 1999 through the merger of Petrogal, Gás de Portugal and Transgás. As of 2020, it is the largest oil and gas group in Portugal, where it distributes gas and sells petrol.
History
Galp can trace its origins back to 1848 and the installation of Lisbon's first gas street lamps, but the current incarnation was formed through the merger of Petrogal, Gás de Portugal and Transgás, on April 22, 1999. The main historical business components include SACOR, CIDLA, SONAP and PETROSUL.
SACOR was one of the first Portuguese oil companies. In 1954, SACOR's activities extended to Portugal's overseas territories; 80% of the gasoline, kerosene, and gasoil transported into the Portuguese overseas province of Angola had to be refined on continental Portugal's territory.
The Portuguese discovered oil in their overseas province of Angola in the 1950s. Portuguese-run Sociedade de Lubrificantes e Combustiveis (ANGOL) was set up in 1953 in Portuguese Angola. By the 1960s, it was also participating in the exploration for hydrocarbons. In 1957, SACOR participated in the establishment of another oil company, MOÇACOR, in the Portuguese overseas province of Mozambique.
After the Carnation Revolution military coup in 1974, Portugal handed over power to its overseas provinces. In Portugal, PETROGAL was formed in April 1976 from four Portuguese companies (SACOR, CIDLA, SONAP, and PETROSUL) that were nationalized following the revolution of April 1974.
In March 2004, Galp proposed selling a 51 percent stake in Gas de Portugal to EDP; Eni agreed to buy the remaining 49 percent. In December 2004, the European Commission blocked the transaction. Galp Energia's initial public offering on the Lisbon Stock Exchange took place in the second half of 2007.
In 2007, Galp bought Eni's operations for marketing oil products in Portugal and Spain. In 2011, talks between Eni and Petrobras for the latter to buy Eni's 33.3 percent stake in Galp collapsed over the price of the stake. From 2012 to 2014, Eni continuously reduced its stake in Galp. In 2016, Galp and Petrobras broadened an existing cooperation accord to include offshore oil research and development projects and exploration and production partnerships.
In 2020, Galp partnered with Spanish engineering firm ACS to create Titan Solar, a renewable energy joint venture, and bought solar power projects from ACS for 2.2 billion euros ($2.38 billion). By 2022, it bought the 24.99 percent it did not already own for 140 million euros ($142.5 million).
In 2021, Galp joined forces with battery developer Northvolt on Aurora, a joint venture to develop Europe's largest lithium processing plant with a total investment of up to 700 million euros.
Operations
Galp Energia, SGPS, S.A. is organized into four business units, which include, Upstream, Refining & Midstream, Commercial, and Renewables & New Businesses. The company carries out these operations through four subsidiaries, including:
Galp Energia E&P BV and its subsidiaries engage in the development, exploration and production of oil and gas and biofuels.
Petróleos de Portugal - Petrogal, S.A. and its subsidiaries carry out activities in the area of crude oil refining and marketing.
Galp Gas & Power SGPS, S.A. and its subsidiaries operate in the natural gas, electricity and renewable energy sectors.
Galp Energia, S.A., a company that operates and integrates the corporate services.
Controversy
In 2007, the European Commission fined Galp 8.7 million euros ($12.33 million) for playing a role in a cartel and coordinating bitumen prices in Spain, along with three other companies.
In 2016, Spanish antitrust body CNMC fined the Spanish arm of Galp 400,000 euros ($448,280) for abusing consumer rights after having received a number of complaints since mid-2012 of company representatives changing users' power supplier to Galp without the consumers' consent.
References
External links
Oil and gas companies of Portugal
Automotive fuel retailers
Electric power companies of Portugal
Holding companies established in 1999
Companies based in Lisbon
Companies listed on Euronext Lisbon
Portuguese brands
1999 establishments in Portugal
Multinational companies headquartered in Portugal
Muhammad Jafri bin Muhammad Firdaus Chew (born 11 June 1997) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Malaysian club Penang and the Malaysia U-23 national team. Jafri Firdaus Chew came up through Blue football academy (now known as the Assumption- Bintang Biru Football Academy). He started his footballing career with Harimau Muda B in 2013. On 25 November 2015, it was confirmed that the Harimau Muda has disbanded by Football Association of Malaysia which means all the player from Harimau Muda A, Harimau Muda B and Harimau Muda C will be returned to their own state. He also has been called by Frank Bernhardt, the Malaysian Under-19 National Coach for preparation of the 2016 AFF U-19 Youth Championship which was held in Hanoi, Vietnam from 11 to 24 September 2016.
This makes him joined Penang FA to play for Penang U-19 and impressed from an early stage. His performances earned him a start in first team. He made his first team debut for Penang FA in 2016, while Chew represented his country Malaysia U-22 national team international, having previously represented his country at under-17, under-19 and under-21 levels.
Club career
Penang FA
Since Harimau Muda has disbanded by FAM which means all the player from Harimau Muda A, Harimau Muda B and Harimau Muda C has to returned to their own state. Jafri Firdaus Chew are with Penang FA for the Penang U21, before being promoted to first team in year 2016 to play in the top division of Malaysian football, the Malaysia Super League.
On 28 October 2017, Jafri has scored his first senior goals on his 24th appearance for Penang FA in the 2017 Malaysia Super League match against Selangor FA in a 1–3 defeat.
PKNS
On 5 November 2017, Jafri signed with PKNS for 2018 Malaysia Super League.
Career statistics
Club
Malaysia Under-23
Honours
International
Malaysia U-23
Southeast Asian Games
Silver Medal: 2017
References
External links
Muhammad Jafri Firdaus Chew on Eurosport Football
Muhammad Jafri bin Muhammad Firdaus Chew on Soccer Punter
1997 births
Living people
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian sportspeople of Chinese descent
Sportspeople from Penang
People from Penang
Malaysian footballers
Malaysia international footballers
Penang FA players
Malaysia Super League players
Association football forwards
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Malaysia
Southeast Asian Games medalists in football
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Malaysia youth international footballers
Starogusevo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Starokuruchevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 306 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Starogusevo is located 30 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novogusevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The discography of Push Baby (previously called Rixton), a British pop rock band. Their debut studio album, Let the Road, was released in March 2015. The album peaked at number 19 on the UK Albums Chart and number 32 on the US Billboard 200 chart. The album includes the singles "Me and My Broken Heart", "Wait on Me", "Hotel Ceiling" and "We All Want the Same Thing". The song "Me and My Broken Heart" reached number one on the UK Singles Chart and reached the Top 20 on the US Billboard Hot 100. Their second studio album, Wow, Big Legend, was released in July 2021.
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Promotional singles
Music videos
Notes
References
Discographies of British artists
The yellow-bellied seedeater (Sporophila nigricollis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae, formerly placed with the American sparrows in the Emberizidae.
Taxonomy and systematics
Hooded seedeater
The hooded seedeater was a proposed bird species described by Austrian ornithologist August von Pelzeln as Spermophila melanops in 1870. The only known individual was heavily moulted and caught in October 1823 from a flock of other seedeater species at the edge of a lake 15 kilometres north of Registro do Araguaia, Brazil. It is now considered to be either a hybrid or an abnormal specimen of the yellow-bellied seedeater. The bird had a black crest and throat, the upperparts were olive and the underparts showed a dingy buff. In contrast, a typical yellow-bellied seedeater has pale yellow underparts and the black colouring extends to the upper breast.
Distribution and habitat
The yellow-bellied seedeater is found in Central and South America from Costa Rica to Bolivia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, pastureland, and heavily degraded former forest.
Threats
One study in Brazil, estimated that 16,800 yellow-bellied seedeaters are illegally caught and sold as pets annually.
References
yellow-bellied seedeater
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
yellow-bellied seedeater
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ponvasinathar Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Shiva, located at Iluppur of Pudukkottai district in Tamil Nadu, India.
Location
This temple is located at a distance of 10 km from Viralimalai, 20 km from Trichy and 20 km from Pudukkottai. Bus facilities are available from these places.
Structure
This temple has front mandapa, artha mandapa and Garbhagriha. From the inscriptions of Kulasekara Pandya (1190-1218 CE) and Sundara Pandya (1218-1244 CE) found there it is learnt that this temple might have belonged to more than 800 years. In the vimana of the presiding deity astathikbalakas, guardian deities, facing eight directions are found. In the south Gnanasambandar, Appar, Sundarar and Manikkavacakar, in the west Kannimoola Ganapathi, Veera Ganapathy, Lakshmi Narayana, Visvanathar, Visalakshi, Ayyanar with consorts, Vishnu with consorts, Veerabhadra, Arunagirinathar, Athma Linga, and Gajalakshmi are found. In the north shrine of Chandikesvarar is found. In the north east Navagraha, and in the east Pattinathar are found. In the west prakara Muruga with his consorts is found. In the kosta, Kongana Siddha, Dakshinamurthi, Lingodbhava, Brahma, Durga and Bhikshatana are found.
Presiding deity
As so many Iluppai trees were found here this place was known as ‘Iluppaiyur' and now called as ‘Iluppur'. The presiding deity, facing east, is known as Hemavritthisvarar and Ponvasinathar. The goddess is in standing posture, facing south, with four hands. Her upper hands hold lotus while lower hands are in abaya and varada postures. In the prakara temple trees Vilva and Makilam are found. Pujas are held four times daily at Kalasanthi (8.00 a.m.), Uttchikkalam (noon 12.00), Sayaratchai (6.00 p.m.) and arthajamam (8.00 p.m.).
Worshippers
Rama and Lakshmana while going in search of Sita they went through this place, which was at that time known as 'Mathu Kavanam' and did Linga puja. As Guru worshipped the presiding deity he was known as Ponvasinathar.
Festivals
The temple is opened for worship from 7.00 to 12.00 noon and 4.00 to 8.00 p.m. During the Tamil month of Chitirai, 10 day Brahmotsavam held. On eighth day celestial wedding of the deities, on the ninth day car festival and on 10th day Tiruvathirai are held. During these days the processional deities would go around the temple. NavaratriPanguni Uthiram are also held in this temple.
References
Hindu temples in Pudukkottai district
Shiva temples in Pudukkottai district
Bastien Chesaux (born 2 November 1991) is a Swiss former motorcycle racer. He competed in the 125cc World Championship, the 250cc World Championship, the Supersport World Championship and the European Superstock 600 Championship. He retired from racing in 2015.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
1991 births
Living people
Swiss motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Lausanne
William Bunn Shattuc (June 11, 1841 – July 13, 1911) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for three terms from 1897 to 1903.
Biography
William Shattuc was born in Hector, New York but Shattuc moved to Ohio in 1852 with his parents, who settled near Sandusky.
During the American Civil War, Shattuc enlisted in Company I, 2nd Ohio Cavalry, August 13, 1861, with a commission as a second lieutenant.
He mustered out February 21, 1863, as a first lieutenant.
He served as assistant and afterward general passenger agent of the Ohio and Mississippi Railway Company from 1865 to 1894 and served as member of the State senate in 1895.
Congress
Shattuc was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-fifth, Fifty-sixth and Fifty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1897 – March 3, 1903).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Immigration and Naturalization (Fifty-sixth and Fifty-seventh Congresses) but was not a candidate for renomination in 1902.
Death
He died in Madisonville, near Cincinnati, Ohio, July 13, 1911 and was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery, Cincinnati, Ohio.
References
Retrieved on 2008-10-19
1841 births
1911 deaths
Politicians from Sandusky, Ohio
Politicians from Cincinnati
Union Army officers
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Ohio state senators
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Yellowstone Main Post Office in Yellowstone National Park was built in Mammoth Hot Springs as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Yellowstone was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century. The Yellowstone facility is an understated classical structure with a low hipped roof and rounded dormers that uses a plan and a basic design vocabulary similar to that used in other post offices in the program. It is somewhat at odds with the prevailing design theme expressed in other buildings in the former Fort Yellowstone district.
References
External links
Yellowstone Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Government buildings completed in 1936
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Park County, Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Yellowstone National Park
1936 establishments in Wyoming
Stripped Classical architecture in the United States
Buildings and structures in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming
Pterinochilus murinus or the orange baboon tarantula, is an old-world tarantula that was first described in 1897 by Reginald Innes Pocock. This species is found on the African continent, in Angola, as well as central, eastern, and southern Africa. It is a member of the subfamily Harpactirinae, baboon spiders.
Among those who keep tarantulas as pets, Pterinochilus murinus is known as "OBT", acronym which stands for "orange baboon tarantula" or "orange bitey thing," and also as the "pterror", a pun on its Latin genus classification of Pterinochilus. These nicknames reference a particular orange colour form that is prized in the hobby for its beauty, as well as its painful bite. It is also known as the Mombasa golden starburst tarantula.
This species is incredibly defensive and, as with most old world tarantulas, should not be held. The bite of this species, while not serious, is extremely painful. Moreover, the species is more than willing to inflict such a bite without first presenting the typical threat display. Caution when dealing with this species is strongly advised.
Description
Female P. murinus can grow to 4–6 inches (10-15cm) in size (measured from the tip of the front left leg, to the tip of the rear right leg), while males typically range from 3–4 inches (7.5-10cm). The spider's abdomen, carapace, and legs have the same basic coloration, though the legs typically have brightly colored rings. The carapace has a star-shaped pattern, with a fishbone pattern present on the abdomen. The eyes are clustered together on a raised part of the carapace (in common with all tarantulas). The body is covered with short hairs, with longer hair present on the legs. Urticating hairs are not present.
There are currently 5 known colour variants of Pterinochilus murinus: and also localities of those as listed after the color form names.
BCF - Brown Colour Form - Tete, Mozambique
DCF - Dark Colour Form - Botswana/Zimbabwe, Kenya, Kigoma, Mikumi
OCF - Orange Colour Form - Usambara Mountains Region (used to be called UMW before RCF was found)
RCF - Red Colour Form - Usambara Mountains Region
TCF - Typical Colour Form - Kenya, Mozambique
These colour variants are found in different geographical locations, and the colouration is thought to be related to the type of soil present where each variant lives.
Distribution
Pternochilus murinus is found in different parts of Africa and has also been recorded on the island of Zanzibar.
Behavior
The orange baboon tarantula is very defensive, and will bite immediately if provoked. Consequently, it is not recommended that hobbyists keep this species without extensive prior experience handling venomous spiders.
The female excavates a burrow, or colonizes an existing burrow that has been abandoned.
As pets
These spiders are not common in pet stores but are very popular in the pet trade. These spiders build a tunnel shaped web and as adults should be provided around 40-80 cm of substrate. They are commonly fed crickets, cockroaches, and grasshoppers. Though they can kill small vertebrates (mice, small lizards, birds, snakes), these feeder animals are not commonly used in captive care.
These spiders can be very defensive and are believed to have a very painful bite. Although their venom is not known to be lethal to humans, it is considered medically significant and thus it is advised to avoid handling this species.
References
Theraphosidae
Spiders of Africa
Spiders described in 1897
The chestnut-throated spinetail (Synallaxis cherriei) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is mainly found in the eastern Amazon Basin, with small numbers in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
References
chestnut-throated spinetail
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
chestnut-throated spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fukaya Dam is a rockfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 0.9 km2. The dam impounds about 5 ha of land when full and can store 300 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on and completed in 1973.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1973 establishments in Japan
Anjada Gandu () is a 1988 Indian Kannada-language romantic comedy film produced by B N Gangadhar under the banner of ANS Productions and written and directed by Renuka Sharma. The film stars Ravichandran and Khushbu in the lead roles along with Thoogudeepa Srinivas, Doddanna and Mukhyamantri Chandru in supporting roles. It is a remake of the 1984 Tamil film Thambikku Entha Ooru.
The film was based on a screenplay by Renuka Sharma which was itself based on a story by Panchu Arunachalam. It was produced by B N Gangadhar under the newly established production house ANS Productions. The film was Renuka Sharma's comeback film after a hiatus of two years after the 1986 film Namma Ooru Devathe. The film also marked the second collaboration between V. Ravichandran and Khushbu after Ranadheera, which was released earlier the same year. The film's songs were composed by Hamsalekha, while the cinematography was handled by Chinni Prakash.
The film was released on 13 July 1988 to positive responses. The film had a theatrical run of 25 weeks and was declared a Blockbuster. The film's songs were chartbusters with all songs considered evergreen hits. Anjada Gandu was the second highest grossing Kannada film of the year only surpassed by Ranadheera, another film which featured both Ravichandran and Khushbu as the lead pair. The consecutive success of Anjada Gandu and Ranadheera made the Ravichandran-Khushbu pair popular.
Plot
Anand is the son of a rich businessman, Rajashekar and is given to profligate ways. He is shown spending money wantonly in a club. He has concern for the poor people. He is shown breaking the window of a car when its owner does not pay a coconut vendor. He also thrashes a gang of unruly men in an upscale club when one of them mistreats the waiter. His catchphrase in this phase is shown to be "piece, piece" or alternatively "ella, piece piece" describing the state in which the target of his anger is left.
His father is naturally angry with such behavior and feels that a spell in a village with his old school friend, Rudrappa, who has since been in the army will do the boy good. And therefore sends him off to a village, Tavarekere with an introductory letter which does not reveal that he is his son but only says that he is in need of some guidance for a year and that he should be taught some daily chores.
Gopala and Mukhyamantri Chandru are businessmen who are trying to acquire land in the same village. Mukhyamantri Chandru's daughter Asha is arrogant due to her wealth. How Gopi interacts with all these people and ensures justice while at the same time winning hearts forms the rest of the story.
Cast
Crew
Art : Nageshwara Rao
Stunts : Sahul
Editor : K. Balu
Cinematography : Prasad Babu
Music : Hamsalekha
Lyrics : V. Manohar, Hamsalekha,R. N. Jayagopal
Story : Panchu Arunachalam
Screenplay : Renuka Sharma
Dialogue : Sriranga
Director : Renuka Sharma
Producer : B. N. Gangadhar
Soundtrack
Hamsalekha composed the music for the film and the soundtracks, with the lyrics for the soundtracks penned by R. N. Jayagopal, V. Manohar and Hamsalekha. The album has seven soundtracks.
Two songs from this movie were later re-used by Hamsalekha in two different Telugu movies. The song Aakaradalli Gulabi Rangide was later adapted by Hamasalekha in the Telugu film Muthyamantha Muddu (1989) as Premalekha Raasa. Another song Eke Heegaytho was later reused in the 1997 Telugu movie Omkaram which was a remake of 1995 Kannada movie Om as Om Brahmanda which comes in the place of Hey Dinakara retaining only the opening Sanskrit verse from Om but following the tune of the song Eke Heegayto from this movie.
Legacy
The movie was a huge success and elevated the career of the actor Ravichandran who had earlier given a fresh hit through Premaloka. Moreover, the success of the movie and Ranadheera released in the same year made Ravichandran and Khushbu a star pair. 2014 Kannada movie had its title inspired by this movie.
References
External links
Anjada Gandu Soundtrack
1988 films
1980s Kannada-language films
Kannada remakes of Tamil films
Films scored by Hamsalekha
Indian action drama films
Films directed by Renuka Sharma
1980s action drama films
From 2002, nine detainees who were previously Taliban prisoners were being held by the United States as enemy combatants in its Guantanamo Bay detainment camps at its Navy base in Cuba, as part of its War on Terror. The Taliban in Afghanistan had jailed each of the 9 based on opposition or suspicion of spying. The United States suspected them of being allied with the Taliban or al-Qaeda and took them into custody, treating them as enemy combatants.
On March 9, 2004, the first of these men had been repatriated and released without being charged with any terror related crime. Private lawyers and public interest groups are working on behalf of remaining detainees to have their cases fully reviewed.
Background
The Taliban took control of Afghanistan and severely suppressed the opposition, as well as providing refuge for militant Muslims, including Osama bin Laden. The Taiban jailed many of their suspects in Kandahar prison, including five of the nine men listed below. In some accounts, they became known as the Kandahar Five.
After the 9/11 attacks in 2001, the United States, with the U.S. Army and allied forces, including the Northern Alliance, invaded Afghanistan in effort to overthrow the Taliban. The Northern Alliance liberated Kandahar prison in December 2001, freeing its 1,500 men. The press visited and met some of the men later taken into custody by the Americans and transported to Guantánamo. "Several of the men have testified that they were "sold" to the Americans by Northern Alliance troops."
The Americans captured many men in Afghanistan; they suspected them of being allied with the Taliban or al-Qaeda and transported them to a detention camp set up at Guantanamo Bay Naval Station for interrogation, in effort to penetrate terrorist networks and prevent future attacks. Among these were at least nine men who had previously been jailed by the Taliban. Clive Stafford Smith, the legal director of Reprieve, "a London-based human rights group representing 39 Guantanamo detainees", struggled to describe the situation, describing it as "Kafkaesque" or "Alice in Wonderland". Subsequently, stated, "It's frankly more than bizarre. It's horrifying."
According to the Associated Press, in June 2007 Commander Jeffrey Gordon, a Department of Defense spokesman, defended the Army's decision to continue to detain some of the men, although by then several had been released without charges:
References
Extrajudicial prisoners of the United States
Taliban
Guldy (; Kaitag and Dargwa: Гъулди) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dzhirabachinsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 145 as of 2010.
Geography
Guldy is located 23 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Surgiya and Dzurmachi are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
The Sound of The Shadows is the fourth rock album by British instrumental (and sometimes vocal) group The Shadows, released in July 1965 through EMI Records. The album was re-released by Capitol Records of Canada in stereo (as opposed to the original mono) on 4 October 1965.
The photograph for the alternative cover was taken outside EMI House in London in 1964, by staff photographer Tony Leigh. It was originally used as the inside cover of the Cliff Richard album Aladdin and His Wonderful Lamp.
Track listing
Personnel
Hank Marvin - Lead guitar and vocals
Bruce Welch - Rhythm guitar and vocals
John Rostill - Bass guitar and vocals
Brian Bennett - Drums and percussion
Norrie Paramor - Producer and orchestral accompaniment on "Blue Sky, Blue Sea, Blue Me" and "The Windjammer"
Charts
References
1965 albums
The Shadows albums
EMI Records albums
Caldwell Municipal Airport may refer to:
Caldwell Municipal Airport (Kansas) in Caldwell, Kansas, United States (FAA: 01K)
Caldwell Municipal Airport (Texas) in Caldwell, Texas, United States (FAA: RWV)
See also
Caldwell Industrial Airport, near Caldwell, Idaho, United States (FAA: EUL)
Essex County Airport near Caldwell, New Jersey, United States (FAA: CDW)
Vesey Street ( ) is a street in New York City that runs east-west in Lower Manhattan. The street is named after Rev. William Vesey (1674-1746), the first rector of nearby Trinity Church.
History
The intersection of Vesey and West Streets was the site of the Washington Market, the city's main produce market. Established in 1812, its location near the docks facilitated the movement of goods.
Prior to the construction of the World Trade Center it ran as a continuous street from Broadway to the Hudson River. As of 2013, it is still a continuous street, but it has four discontinuous segments with mixed uses:
From Broadway to Church Street for motor vehicles and pedestrians.
From Church Street to West Street for authorized motor vehicles and pedestrians. This portion was widened during construction of the World Trade Center, and separates WTC on the street's south side from the Verizon Building on the street's north side.
In Battery Park City, from West Street to North End Avenue for motor vehicles and pedestrians.
From North End Avenue to River Terrace and the Irish Hunger Memorial, for pedestrians only.
The eastern extension of the street at Broadway is Ann Street.
Architecture
Designed by Robert D. Kohn in the Art Nouveau style, the Old New York Evening Post Building at 20 Vesey Street was completed in 1907. It was designated as a New York City landmark in 1965 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
The Barclay–Vesey Building occupies the entire block bounded by West Street to the west, Barclay Street to the north, Vesey Street to the south, and Washington Street to the east. Built in 1923, it served as the corporate headquarters of New York Telephone Company (NYTel). Verizon maintains a presence at this location, although its headquarters is now in Midtown. The Art Deco building was designated as a New York City landmark in 1991 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
Adjacent to Vesey Street is St. Paul's Chapel, the Church Street Station Post Office, and the World Trade Center. The street next to the World Trade Center was closed to pedestrians after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and has not yet been reopened to vehicular traffic. A structure left standing after the collapse of the adjacent buildings is known as the Survivors' Staircase which has been preserved and can be viewed in the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. The World Trade Center PATH station is accessible from the street at the World Trade Center site.
Just past the western end of the street is the Irish Hunger Memorial. This end of the street is in the northern part of Battery Park City.
Vesey Street was the birthplace of The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company, the retail group more commonly known as "A&P."
Gallery
See also
200 Vesey Street - American Express Tower
References
External links
at Vesey Street
Vesey
OPS 5111, also known as Navstar 1, NDS-1, GPS I-1 and GPS SVN-1, was an American navigation satellite launched in 1978 as part of the Global Positioning System development programme. It was the first GPS satellite to be launched, and one of eleven Block I demonstration satellites.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
Spacecraft
The first eleven spacecraft (GPS Block 1) were used to demonstrate the feasibility of the GPS system. They were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied over 400 watts. They had S-band communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. They were manufactured by Rockwell Space Systems, were 5.3 meters across with solar panels deployed, and had a design life expectancy of 5 years. Unlike the later operational satellites, GPS Block 1 spacecraft were inclined at 63°.
Launch
OPS 5111 was launched at 23:44 UTC on 22 February 1978, atop an Atlas F launch vehicle with an SGS-1 upper stage. The Atlas used had the serial number 64F, and was originally built as an Atlas F. The launch took place from Vandenberg Space Launch Complex 3 (SLC-3E) at Vandenberg Air Force Base, and placed OPS 5111 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-27 apogee motor.
Mission
By 29 March 1978, OPS 5111 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718.70 minutes, and 63.3° of inclination to the equator. The satellite had a design life of 5 years and a mass of . It broadcast the PRN 04 signal in the GPS demonstration constellation, and was retired from service on 17 July 1985.
References
1978 in spaceflight
GPS satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1978
Washington Spirit is an American soccer club founded in 2012, after the team ownership was awarded a National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) franchise. Washington Spirit began playing competitive soccer in the 2013 season. The team has played its home games at Maryland SoccerPlex in Boyds, Maryland, and Audi Field in Washington, D.C.
Statistics
All rostered players during NWSL season are included even if they did not make an appearance. Amateur call-ups are only included if they made an appearance. All statistics have been referenced from Soccerway.com and listings from NWSLsoccer.com.
League statistics
Field players
All statistics include only NWSL regular season matches, and are correct .
Goalkeepers
All statistics include only NWSL regular season matches, and are correct .
NWSL playoffs
Field players
All statistics include only NWSL playoff matches, and are correct .
Goalkeepers
All statistics include only NWSL playoff matches, and are correct .
Cup statistics
Field players
All statistics include only NWSL Challenge Cup and NWSL Fall Series matches, and are correct .
Goalkeepers
All statistics include only NWSL Challenge Cup and NWSL Fall Series matches, and are correct .
References
Soccerway statistics
NWSL statistics
FBref statistics
Lists of soccer players by club in the United States
Lists of women's association football players
Lists of American sportswomen
Association football player non-biographical articles
Washington Spirit players
National Women's Soccer League lists
The former Pembroke High School, also known as the Indian Education Resource Center, is a historic high school building located at Pembroke, Robeson County, North Carolina. It was designed and built by the Public Works Administration in 1939. It is a one-story, brick building consisting of a central entrance pavilion and auditorium, with flanking classroom wings. The building was renovated in late 1992. The building originally housed a high school for Native American students of the Lumbee tribe.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
References
Public Works Administration in North Carolina
Native American history of North Carolina
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
School buildings completed in 1939
Buildings and structures in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
1939 establishments in North Carolina
The 193rd Glider Infantry Regiment was an airborne infantry regiment of the United States Army during World War II. It was part of the 17th Airborne Division and fought during the Battle of the Bulge.
Formation
The 193rd Glider Infantry Regiment was created during World War II on 16 December 1942. It was officially formed at Camp Mackall, North Carolina on 15 April 1943 under the command of Colonel Maurice G. Stubbs. The regiment was assigned to the 17th Airborne Division and sailed to England in 1944 in preparation for fighting on the Western Front.
World War II
During Operation Market Garden in September 1944, the 17th Airborne Division was held in reserve, and continued to train at Camp Chisleden in England. Almost three months later, on 16 December, the German Army launched a surprise attack, known as the Battle of the Bulge and the 17th Airborne Division, including the 193rd Glider Infantry Regiment, were finally sent to combat. The 17th Airborne Division was attached to General George Patton's U.S. Third Army and ordered to immediately close in at Mourmelon-le-Grand Airfield. After taking over the defense of the Meuse River sector from Givet to Verdun on 25 December, the 17th Airborne Division moved to Neufchateau, Belgium, then marched through the snow to Morhet, relieving the U.S. 28th Infantry Division on 3 January 1945 and establishing a Division Command Post.
A howling blizzard with below freezing temperatures greeted the 193rd on the morning of 4 January 1945. Patton had ordered the 17th Airborne Division to seize the town of Flamierge where the 11th Armored and the 87th Infantry Divisions had encountered brutal resistance from the Germans. Two regiments, the 513th Parachute Infantry on the right and the 194th Glider Infantry on the left attacked the town of Flamierge while the 193rd GIR and the 507th Parachute Infantry Regiment were held in reserve to counter an anticipated German panzer counterattack. In the ensuing days, the 193rd GIR, as well as the rest of the 17th Airborne Division, would gain their baptism of fire that would have tested the mettle of the most experienced airborne units. The fighting was so intense that the area would forever be called "Dead Man's Ridge" because of the high casualty count sustained in order to take the strongly defended German emplacements.
By 11 January the German lines were crumbling and all of the 17th Airborne units regrouped except for the 193rd which drove on with American armored units to seize the town of Houffalize. On 16 January the 193rd rejoined the rest of the 17th Airborne and relieved the 11th Armored Division in pursuit of the 9th Panzer Division, the Panzer Lehr Division, and the 26th Infantry Division. This took the 17th Airborne through Flamizoulle, Gives and on to Bertogne as the Germans continued retreating toward the Siegfried Line.
Beyond Bertogne, 193rd GIR split into "Task Force Stubbs" and "Task Force Bell" with the combined objective of seizing the town of Compogne and the high ground in its immediate vicinity. Turning east from that area the 193rd along with the 507th PIR led the continuing attack across Luxembourg to the River on the border of Germany. The German 5th Parachute Division made a vain attempt to maintain a bridgehead at the but the 507th managed to cross into Germany and probe the Siegfried Line.
The 17th Airborne Division was finally relieved by the 6th Armored Division and returned to camp at Chalons-sur-Marne in France on 11 February 1945. The 193rd Glider Infantry Regiment was disbanded on 1 March 1945 in Belgium in a reorganization of the XVIII Airborne Corps, of which the 17th Airborne Division formed a part. The 550th Airborne Infantry Battalion was also disbanded. Both units had suffered heavy casualties during the Ardennes Campaign and the remaining troopers were consolidated into the 3rd Battalion of the 194th Glider Infantry Regiment.
References
1. http://www.ww2-airborne.us/units/193/193.html
United States Army regiments in World War II
193
Airborne units and formations of the United States Army
Military gliding
Steven J. Fowler or SJ Fowler (born 1983) is a contemporary English poet, writer and avant-garde artist, and the founder of European Poetry Festival.
Work
Fowler has produced a diverse body of work across poetry, performance, experimental theatre, visual poetry, concrete poetry and sound poetry, short stories and non-fiction..
He has received commissions from Tate Modern, BBC Radio 3, Whitechapel Gallery, Tate Britain, The London Sinfonietta, Wellcome Collection and Liverpool Biennial. Since 2012 he has been associate artist at Rich Mix Arts Centre, and since 2014 poet in residence at award-winning landscape architecture firm J&L Gibbons.
Fowler is lecturer in Creative Writing and English Literature at Kingston University, and has taught at Tate Modern, Poetry School and Photographer's Gallery. Fowler is the poetry editor at 3:AM Magazine.
Poetry
Since his debut in 2011, Fowler has published nine collections of poetry.
Visual art
His work with visual art reflects an active contemplation of the aesthetic qualities of language or linguistic mediums in concrete poetry, photo poetry, writing art, calligrams and asemic writing. Building on traditions like Dadaism and calligraphy art, it explores writing materials, the composition of handwriting and mark-making and the role of illustration and legibility in determining poetic meaning. He has been exhibited at the Victoria & Albert Museum, Southbank Centre, and in galleries in Vilnius, Berlin, Copenhagen, Lugano and Virginia.
Sound poetry
Featured in The Liberated Voice (2019) exhibition at Palais de Tokyo, which recounted the history of phonetic and sound poetry in the 20th and 21st century., other projects include Lunalia (2018), a collaboration with artist and opera singer Maja Jantar, Soundings, a project with Wellcome Library and several collaborations with celebrated improviser Phil Minton. He is a member of Minton's Feral Choir.
Performance
His work has become known internationally for his "innovation in the field of live literature", in a practice that reflects the ideas put forth by performance artists like David Antin. Concerned with the potential of liveness, as opposed to the traditional poetry reading, his repertoire spans a diverse range of experimental practices, including improvised talking performances, action painting and pugilistica.
Film
The Animal Drums, premiered at Whitechapel Gallery Cinema in December 2018, "charting the particular, baffled and morbid character of English attitudes to mortality." Projects prior to include Enthusiasm (2016) with Noah Hutton, which looks at the collision point between internal and external languages.
Disappearing Wormmood (2020), a collaboration with filmmaker Tereza Stehlikova, explored the overlooked aesthetic of Borough of Brent's Willesden Junction and Wormwood scrubs, "striving to see a closer place, alien, idiosyncratic and yet familiar".
Theatre
Two full-length plays, Dagestan (2015) and Mayakovsky (2017), were performed at Rich Mix, London. Dagestan was produced by Penned in the Margins. "Set in the shadowy world of global security", Dagestan invited the spectator to "enter the minds of private military contractors to uncover a culture of violence, gallows humour and moral uncertainty". Mayakovsky, commissioned by Dash Arts for the Rich Mix's centenary commemoration of the Russian Revolution, explored the life and death of Russian poet Vladimir Mayakovsky, a prominent figure of the Russian Futurist movement.
Curatorial projects
European Poetry Festival
Fowler is the founder and director of the European Poetry Festival. Since its inception, the festival has seen more than 100 European poets gather in front of audiences across UK and Ireland for events pioneering performance and collaboration in contemporary European literary and avant-garde poetry.
Writer's Centre Kingston
In 2017 he was appointed director of Writers' Kingston, Kingston University's "literary cultural centre dedicated to creative writing in all its forms with an annual program of events from talks, to workshops and festivals".
Poem Brut
He is founder and curator of Poem Brut, an initiative that has generated more than a dozen events since 2017, alongside multiple exhibitions, workshops, conferences and publications. Its aim is to "offer an alternative understanding of 21st-century literature" by "embracing text and colour, space and time, handwriting, composition, abstraction, illustration, sound, mess and motion, [to affirm] the possibilities of the page, the voice and the pen in a computer age".
Enemies Project and the Poetry Camarade
In 2013 he launched the Enemies Project, which curates original collaborative works, performances and exhibitions between poets, artist, photographers, sculptures and other creative practitioners. His "Camarade" events asks pairs of poets, many of whom have never met before, to produce new collaborative works for the night of the reading.
Collaborations
In his own practice as well as his curatorial work, Fowler is a pioneer in collaborative inter-disciplinary practice. Collaborations include poets, artists, photographers, dancers, sculptors, filmmakers and writers. He has published two books based around the concept of collaborative practice: Enemies (2013) and its sequel Nemesis (2019).
Selected bibliography
Poetry
Come and See the Songs of Strange Days (Broken Sleep Books, 2021)
I Will Show You The Life of the Mind (on prescription drugs) (Dostoyevsky Wannabe, 2020
The Guide to Being Bear Aware (Shearsman Books,, 2017)
{Enthusiasm} (Test Centre, 2015)
The Rottweiler's Guide to the Dog Owner (Eyewear Press, 2014)
Enemies: the selected collaborations of SJ Fowler (Penned in the Margins, 2013)
Fights (Veer Books, 2011)
Minimum Security Prison Dentistry (Anything Any more Anywhere Press, 2011)
Art books
Sticker Poems (Trickhouse Press, 2021)
Crayon Poems (Penteract Press, 2020)
Aletta Ocean's Alphabet Empire (Hesterglock Press, 2018)
I fear my best work behind me (Stranger Press, 2017)
Selected collaborators
Aase Berg
Jerome Rothenberg
Joe Dunthorne
Sam Riviere
Eirikur Orn Norddahl
Morten Søndergaard
Zoë Skoulding
JR Carpenter
Luke Kennard
Phil Minton
Maja Jantar
Rebecca Kamen
Lotje Sodderland
References
External links
Official website
European Poetry Festival
Poem Brut
The Enemies project
Writer's Centre Kingston
1983 births
Living people
Alumni of Birkbeck, University of London
Alumni of Durham University
English male poets
Mount Barlow is located on the Continental Divide along the border of Alberta and British Columbia at the southern edge of the Freshfield Icefield in Banff National Park. It was named in 1916 by D.B. Dowling after Dr. Alfred Ernest Barlow, a cartographer with the Geological Survey of Canada who perished in the 1914 Empress of Ireland disaster.
See also
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
Mountains of Alberta
Mountains of British Columbia
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Karakum may refer to:
Karakum Desert, a desert in Central Asia
Karakum (film), a 1994 Turkmen film
Karakum Canal, Turkmenistan
Karakum District, Turkmenistan
See also
Karakoram, a large mountain range spanning the borders of India, Pakistan and China
Karakorum, a medieval city in Mongolia
"I Just Want to Be Your Everything" is a song recorded by Andy Gibb, initially released in April 1977 as the first single from his debut album Flowing Rivers. It reached number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 for three weeks, starting on the week ending 30 July 1977, and again for the week ending 17 September 1977. It was Gibb's first single released in the United Kingdom and United States. His previous single, "Words and Music" was only released in Australia. It is ranked number 26 on Billboards 55th anniversary All Time Top 100 list.
Writing and recording
"I Just Want to Be Your Everything" was written by Barry Gibb in Bermuda as well as "(Love Is) Thicker Than Water" with Andy Gibb credited as co-writer on the latter. It was recorded in October 1976; the sessions were produced mainly by Albhy Galuten and Karl Richardson and with Barry on this track and "(Love Is) Thicker than Water"; Galuten also played keyboards and piano. Eagles guitarist Joe Walsh contributed guitar on this song. The track is a fairly dramatic love song, with the singer declaring his unending passion and stating that without her, he would die.
Andy reveals, "'I Just Want to Be Your Everything' was one of the most meaningful of all form, you know". He later recalls on Barry Gibb's writing style:
"So, once we discussed it all and got the deal together, me and Barry locked ourselves in a bedroom and Barry just started writing. When Barry writes, it is very hard to collaborate with him, because he is so quick. And before I knew it he was starting to do the chorus of ['I Just Want to Be Your Everything'], and I thought, 'Wow what a hook!'. He's an expert at his craft. Within about 20 minutes, he'd written a number one record; and then we went right into another one, ['(Love Is) Thicker than Water']
Two mixes were prepared for the song, the more popular mix was released on the album & as the single version and the earlier mix was used for promotional uses. The promotional version had an additional keyboard that at times competed with the lead vocal. The drummer's high-hat count during both breakdowns was completely mixed out and Gibb's harmony vocal is more prevalent during ad-libs.
Release and Chart Success
In Billboard Magazine, the song spent a cumulative four weeks at No. 1 on the Hot 100 chart. The song first reached the top of the chart on July 30 for the first of three consecutive weeks. Then, The Emotions went to No. 1 with "Best of My Love" on August 20 for the first of four straight weeks, during which time Gibb's song remained in the top three. When the Emotions fell out of the #1 spot, "I Just Want to be your Everything" shot back to #1 for an additional week, on September 17. It then fell from #1 (replaced once again by "Best of My Love"), but went on to spend a then-record 16 weeks in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100. That record 16-week stay in the top 10 record would be surpassed in early in 1978, by his brothers, Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb, performing as The Bee Gees, when their song "How Deep is Your Love" spent 17 weeks in the top 10. On Billboard's Hot 100, "I Just Want to be your Everything" ultimately enjoyed a 31-week chart run spanning from the end of April through the end of November.
In Billboard's competitor magazine Cashbox, Gibb's hit stayed at #1 for three consecutive weeks, spent 12 weeks in the top 10, and 29 weeks on the Top 100 Singles Chart.
Cash Box said that "a high-pitched, boyish voice is the vehicle for this happy love song."
On the Top Singles Chart of Record World (another Billboard competitor), "I Just Want to be your Everything" racked up a five-week stay at #1, which, like its four-week run on Billboard's Hot 100, was interrupted by the Emotions "Best of My Love." On the Record World singles chart, Gibb hit #1 on August 6, stayed there on August 13, then yielded to The Emotions for two weeks, before returning to #1 for two additional weeks beginning on September 3. Gibb's record spent 15 weeks in Record World's top 10, from mid-July to late October, and spent of a total of 32 weeks amongst the top 100 singles on Record World's Top Singles Chart.
"I Just Want to be Your Everything" was Andy Gibb's longest-running chart single in Billboard, Record World, and Cashbox. In terms of the year-end charts of Billboard, Cashbox and Record World, all ranked "I Just Want to be your Everything" as the #2 song of 1977, bested only by Debby Boone's "You Light Up My Life." (in Cashbox and Record World) and by "Tonight's the Night" by Rod Stewart (in Billboard) Gibb's song also appeared on the Soul Singles chart, peaking at number 19 and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Performance, Male at the 20th Grammy Awards. The song became a gold record.
Personnel
Andy Gibb — vocals
Barry Gibb — background and harmony vocals
Joey Murcia — electric guitar
Joe Walsh — electric guitar
Paul Harris — keyboards
Albhy Galuten — synthesizer
Harold Cowart — bass
Ron Ziegler — drums
Nelson "Flaco" Padrón — percussion
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
All-time charts
Connie Smith's version
The best-known cover version of "I Just Want to Be Your Everything" was recorded by American country music artist Connie Smith. Released in the autumn of 1977, Smith's version, according to AMG reviewer Stephen Thomas Erlewine, was "relatively faithful" to Gibb's version and — given its disco-influenced sound — also a departure from her honky-tonk songs of the 1960s and early 1970s.
"I Just Want to Be Your Everything" peaked at #14 on Billboard Magazine's Hot Country Songs chart in 1978, becoming her last significant hit, as her further hits for Monument Records, such as "Lovin' You Baby" and "They'll Never Be Another for Me," peaked in progressively lower positions on the country chart between 1978 and 1979.
Chart performance
References
External links
1976 songs
1977 songs
1977 singles
Songs written by Barry Gibb
Andy Gibb songs
Connie Smith songs
Song recordings produced by Barry Gibb
Number-one singles in Australia
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
RSO Records singles
Monument Records singles
British soft rock songs
Disco songs
Funk songs
Accursi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Mike Accursi (born 1975), Canadian lacrosse player
Salvatore Accursi (born 1978), Italian footballer and manager
Taylor Accursi (born 1995), Canadian ice hockey player
Matthew O'Connor may refer to:
Matthew O'Connor (soccer) (born 1989), Canadian soccer player
Matthew O'Connor (swimmer) (born 1971), British swimmer
See also
Matthew O'Conor (1773–1844), Irish historian
Matt O'Connor (disambiguation)
The 2012 Men's World Junior Team Squash Championships was held in Doha, Qatar. The event took place from 13 to 18 July 2012.
Seeds
Group stage results
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
Pool E
Pool F
Finals
Draw
Results
Semi Finals
Final
Post-tournament team ranking
See also
Men's World Junior Squash Championships 2012
World Junior Squash Championships
References
External links
World Junior Squash Championships 2012 Official Website
Sports competitions in Doha
World Junior Squash Championships
World Junior
Squash tournaments in Qatar
International sports competitions hosted by Qatar
Franklintown Road is a neighborhood in west Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
West Baltimore
Barred yellow is used as a common name for:
Cidaria fulvata, a moth in the family Geometridae found in Europe and Central Asia
Eulithis propulsata, a moth in the family Geometridae found in North America
Eurema daira, a butterfly in the family Pieridae found in Argentina north to the southern United States and occasionally other U.S. states
Animal common name disambiguation pages
McElderry Park is a neighborhood in the northern part of the southeastern district of the City of Baltimore. Its boundaries are marked by East Fayette Street, East Monument Street, Linwood Avenue, and Patterson Park Avenue. South of McElderry Park is the neighborhood of Patterson Park; Butchers Hill is to the southwest. Ellwood Park is located to the east, and the campus of The Johns Hopkins Hospital to the west. To its north is the neighborhood of Madison-East End.
In the early 1980s, McElderry Park suffered from white flight and abandonment by its working class homeowners. The closing of nearby public housing flooded the neighborhood with Section 8 tenants in individual rowhomes and apartments, with additional street crime, and illegal drug trade. Throughout the 1990s, the area became the most crime-ridden in old East Baltimore. Efforts are underway to turn things around, replacing abandoned buildings with productive uses such as public gardens.
The 2000 census reported that 34.3 percent of McElderry Park's families had incomes below the poverty line. Although predominantly black, the neighborhood has significant white and Hispanic populations.
History
The Park takes its name from the McElderry family, who were wealthy merchants in Baltimore in the early 19th century. Irish immigrant Thomas McElderry (17581810) arrived in Baltimore in 1793 and quickly established himselfbuilding a wharf that bore his name, improving Market Square, and helping found the Baltimore Water Company.
McElderry Park is located entirely within the bounds of the East Monument Historic District. Historically, McElderry and the nearby neighborhood of the Middle East were the heart of the Czech immigrant community in Baltimore. This area was often known as "Little Bohemia" or "Swampoodle".
Jimmy Carter lends a hand
Former 38th president Jimmy Carter [served 1977-1981], assisted 300 volunteers on October 5, 2010 at a "Habitat for Humanity" project in McElderry Park. This weeklong project restored vacant houses in the 2400 block of Jefferson Street.
"Habitat for Humanity of the Chesapeake" has been working with the Monument-McElderry-Fayette Revitalization Plan Board since 2006 on a long-term plan to restore blighted portions of McElderry Park. When they began work in 2007, only two of 43 houses in the 2400 block of Jefferson Street were occupied. The Plan Board's co-chairman expected to have 32 of the houses owner-occupied by the end of 2010.
Amazing Port Street Sacred Commons
"Amazing Port Street Sacred Commons" is a prayer labyrinth, perennial garden, and open, grassy field located behind the Amazing Grace Lutheran Church (founded/merged 1996 from several earlier Lutheran churches), located at 2424 McElderry Street. The space currently used by the Commons was previously occupied by abandoned, dilapidated houses. It was purchased and developed by the church as open green space with a grant from the TKF Foundation. The Commons are open to the public, of all faiths, as required by the grant. Produce from the garden is distributed by the church's food pantry, the "Center for Grace-full Living".
Public services
Schools
Tench Tilghman Elementary and Middle School (Pre-K to 8), located at 600 North Patterson Park Avenue, enrollment: 360.
William Paca Elementary School (Pre-K to 5), located at 200 North Lakewood Avenue, enrollment: 624.
Enoch Pratt Free Library
Patterson Park Branch Library, 158 North Linwood Avenue.
Parks
Patterson Park, one of the City's largest and oldest "green oasises" between Eastern Avenue on the south, Patterson Park Avenue on the west, Ellwood Street on the east, and East Baltimore Street and East Pratt Street on the north.
Transportation
Route 35 (MTA Maryland) provides bus service between Downtown Baltimore and White Marsh, with stops along East Monument Street and East Madison Street. The Route 40 Quickbus stops at East Fayette Street and Linwood Avenue along its crosstown course between Woodlawn in the west and Essex in the east of suburban Baltimore County. Route 13 passes through the neighborhood along Milton Avenue, McElderry Street and Linwood Avenue. Route 20 and Route 23 provide crosstown bus service along East Fayette Street.
See also
List of Baltimore neighborhoods
References
External links
HUD Helps McElderry Park Restore Vacant Lands
Monument-McElderry-Fayette Area Plan, September 2006
Historic East Baltimore Community Action Coalition, Inc.
Southeast District Maps, Baltimore City Neighborhoods Portal
African-American history in Baltimore
Czech-American culture in Baltimore
East Baltimore
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Poverty in Maryland
Working-class culture in Baltimore
Split Oak Forest is an area of wilderness conservation lands east of Orlando in Osceola County, Florida. A parkway extension project across the southern portion is proposed to provide vehicular access an area of new development.
The wilderness area includes prairie and scrub habitat including sandhill terrain and is home to gopher tortoises, sandhill cranes, eastern indigo snakes, fox squirrels, butterflies, woodpeckers, kestrels, various songbirds, and some rare plant species. There are trails throughout the Park for visitors.
A Friends of Split Oak Forest group formed to try to protect the area from the intrusion of the road. A conservation land swap is proposed to mitigate impact from the road and this plan has received support from county commissioners and Charles Lee of the Florida Audubon Society. The Orlando Sentinel editorial board supports the road project with planned mitigation.
A proposed Osceola Parkway extension is planned through the southern part of the preserve. The road project is one of many including extensive new toll roads being proposed through largely undeveloped areas engendering controversy during Governor Ron DeSantis' tenure.
References
Conservation areas of the United States
Protected areas of Osceola County, Florida
Svend Borchmann Hersleb (7 March 1784 – 12 September 1836) was a Norwegian professor of theology who also served one term in the Norwegian Parliament.
Personal life
He was born in Alstahaug as the youngest son of Jørgen Sverdrup Hersleb and his wife Anna Svendsdatter Borchmann. He had several brothers and sisters. His sister Else married local businessman Jonas Greger Walnum.
Career
Hersleb graduated from the University of Copenhagen as cand.theol. in 1807. He had befriended N. F. S. Grundtvig there, and stayed in Denmark after graduation to work as a teacher at the Metropolitanskolen. Following the foundation of the Royal Frederick University in Christiania was founded in 1811, Hersleb was hired as a lector in 1813. He became the first teacher in theology at the university, and together with Stener Johannes Stenersen, he is credited with founding the Faculty of Theology. Hersleb, who became professor in 1814, and Stenersen were the only academic staff at the faculty until 1832. Hersleb remained professor until his death.
Hersleb, noted as strongly orthodox, was among the founders of the Norwegian Bible Society in 1816. He was also elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1827, representing the constituency of Christiania. He served only one term.
His friend N. F. S. Grundtvig named his son Svend Hersleb Grundtvig.
References
1784 births
1836 deaths
People from Alstahaug
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Oslo
Norwegian theologians
University of Copenhagen alumni
Norwegian expatriates in Denmark
University of Oslo faculty
19th-century Protestant theologians
19th-century Lutherans
The Seattle Mariners 2002 season was their 26th since the franchise creation. After their record 116 wins the previous year without a World Series appearance, they attempted for a third straight postseason appearance. They ended the season , but finished 3rd in the American League West and missed the postseason. This season began a playoff drought that lasted for 20 seasons until 2022, at which point it was the longest in all of the four North American professional sports.
Offseason
December 7, 2001: Bret Boone was signed as a free agent with the Seattle Mariners.
December 19, 2001: David Bell was signed as a free agent with the Seattle Mariners.
January 25, 2002: David Bell was traded by the Seattle Mariners to the San Francisco Giants for Desi Relaford and cash.
Regular season
On May 2, 2002, Mike Cameron hit four home runs in one game versus the White Sox.
Opening Day starters
Bret Boone
Mike Cameron
Jeff Cirillo
Freddy Garcia
Carlos Guillén
Edgar Martínez
Mark McLemore
John Olerud
Ichiro Suzuki
Dan Wilson
Season standings
American League Wild Card
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: San Antonio
Major League Baseball Draft
The following is a list of 2002 Seattle Mariners draft picks. The Mariners took part in the June regular draft, also known as the Rule 4 draft. The Mariners made 50 selections in the 2002 draft, the first being outfielder John Mayberry, Jr. in the first round. In all, the Mariners selected 23 pitchers, 12 outfielders, 5 catchers, 3 second basemen, 3 shortstops, 3 third basemen, 3 second basemen, and 1 first baseman.
Draft
Key
Table
References
External links
2002 Seattle Mariners at Baseball Reference
2002 Seattle Mariners at Baseball Almanac
Seattle Mariners seasons
2002 in sports in Washington (state)
Seattle Mariners season
Thomsen Islands () is a group of small islands lying 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) southwest of Speerschneider Point, off the west side of Renaud Island in the Biscoe Islands. First accurately shown on an Argentine government chart of 1957. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1959 for Helge Thomsen, Danish meteorologist, who, for a number of years beginning in 1946, was responsible for editing Dansk Meteorologisk Institut's annual reports on the state of the sea ice in the Arctic.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of the Biscoe Islands
Blyth is an electoral ward in the district of Bassetlaw. The ward elects one councillor to Bassetlaw District Council using the first past the post electoral system for a four-year term in office. The number of registered voters in the ward is 1,862 as of 2019.
It consists of the civil parishes of Blyth, Scrooby and Styrrup with Oldcotes.
The ward was created in 1979 following a review of ward boundaries in Bassetlaw by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England. A subsequent review of electoral arrangements in 2002 resulted in minor changes to the boundaries of the ward, although the number of councillors remained the same.
Councillors
The ward elects one councillor every four years. Prior to 2015, Bassetlaw District Council was elected by thirds with elections taking place every year except the year in which elections to Nottinghamshire County Council took place.
Elections
2019
2015
2011
2007
2003
2002
References
Wards of Nottinghamshire
is a railway station in San'yō-Onoda, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Onoda Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line and the Onoda Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1900
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Yuriy Yaroslavovych Mokrytskyi (; born 16 October 1970 in Rava-Ruska) is a former Ukrainian football player.
Honours
Soviet Union
FIFA U-17 World Cup champion: 1987
UEFA European Under-16 Championship runner-up: 1987
Karpaty Lviv
Ukrainian Cup finalist: 1993
References
External links
1970 births
People from Rava-Ruska
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC SKA-Karpaty Lviv players
FC Karpaty Lviv players
FC Halychyna Drohobych players
Ukrainian footballers
Soviet First League players
Soviet Second League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Second League players
Maccabi Ironi Ashdod F.C. players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Israel
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Russian Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
FC Vorskla Poltava players
FC Vorskla-2 Poltava players
FC Prykarpattia Ivano-Frankivsk (2004) players
FC Oleksandriya players
FC Nyva Vinnytsia players
FC Tekhno-Centre Rohatyn players
FC Dnipro Cherkasy players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Lviv Oblast
James Erwin Schevill (June 10, 1920 – January 30, 2009) was an American poet, critic, playwright and professor at San Francisco State University and Brown University, and the recipient of Guggenheim and Ford Foundation fellowships.
Summary
He wrote more than 10 volumes of poetry, 30 plays, many essays, a novel, and biographies of Bern Porter and Sherwood Anderson. His plays include Lovecraft's Follies (1971) (based on the life and work of Providence horror writer H. P. Lovecraft), The Ushers, Mother O, Shadows of Memory, The Last Romantics, Cathedral of Ice, The House on F Street and others. He received a literary award from the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters for his plays. He also wrote the libretto for Jerome Rosen's opera ..
He was visiting Freiburg, Germany, in 1938 when the Kristallnacht riots occurred, and the experience led him into writing and poetry. Other seminal experiences came from his own family background, travel, and during his Army service. He was influenced by his father, Rudolph Schevill, who created and chaired the department of romance languages at UC Berkeley, and created the West Coast committee in defense of the Spanish republic at the request of his friends Pablo Casals and Fernando de los Rios. His mother Margaret Schevill, was an artist, a scholar of Navaho culture and mythology, and a follower of Carl Jung. As a German speaker, he worked for military intelligence and was assigned to a prisoner of war camp where, despite the denazification program, he saw that Nazis dominated other prisoners, as he described in his novel Cathedral of Ants (1976).
In a 1950 letter to Robert Sproul, the president of the University of California, he refused to sign a loyalty oath, at the time a prerequisite to becoming an instructor at the UC Berkeley. Instead he went on to teach at California College of Arts and Crafts, San Francisco State University, where he headed the Poetry Center, and at Brown University until his retirement.
In 1968, he signed the "Writers and Editors War Tax Protest" pledge, vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the Vietnam War.
In 1981 he received a Guggenheim Fellowship in Drama and Performance Art. His contributions to the theater began with his strong involvement in the Actors Workshop in San Francisco, and his founding of Wastepaper Theater at Brown University as well as his collaborations with Trinity Reporatory Theater in Providence. He suffered a severe stroke in 1999 which made him a wheelchair user. He died in Berkeley, California, in January 2009.
References
American male poets
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
American tax resisters
San Francisco State University faculty
Writers from Berkeley, California
1920 births
2009 deaths
American male essayists
American male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American poets
20th-century American biographers
20th-century American essayists
Activists from California
20th-century American male writers
Brown University faculty
American male biographers
Fabia Trabaldo (born 5 March 1972 in Borgosesia, Vercelli) is a retired Italian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres.
Biography
She won one medal, at senior level, at the International athletics competitions. She has 12 caps in national team from 1988 to 1994.
Achievements
National titles
Fabia Trabaldo has won 4 times the individual national championship.
1 win in the 800 metres (1991)
3 wins in the 1500 metres (1991, 1992, 1993)
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Italian female middle-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Italy
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Italy
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
People from Borgosesia
Sportspeople from the Province of Vercelli
Samuel Wedgbury (born 26 February 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Worksop Town.
Wedgbury began his career at Worcester City in 2005 and became the club's youngest ever goalscorer after scoring on his debut aged 16. He attracted the interest of Sheffield United, and joined the club for a five-figure fee in January 2006. He made no first-team appearances during his time in South Yorkshire, although was loaned out twice; first to Mansfield Town and then to Hungarian club Ferencváros. He was released by Sheffield United upon the expiry of his contract in the summer of 2010, and signed for Macclesfield Town shortly after. He spent three seasons at Macclesfield, playing over 100 games. In May 2013, Wedgbury signed for Stevenage on a free transfer. In May 2014, he joined Forest Green Rovers, where he became a fan favourite for his guile, character and uncompromising style of play. He signed for Chesterfield on 22 May 2018 after his contract with Wrexham was cancelled by mutual consent. He has also represented the England C team.
Club career
Early career
Wedgbury started his career at non-league Worcester City in the summer of 2005, where he played regularly for the club's U18 and reserve sides despite being in a younger age bracket. He made a goalscoring debut for the first-team aged just 16, in an FA Cup tie against Bemerton Heath Harlequins, a match that Worcester won 7–0, and became the club's youngest ever goalscorer in the process. He attracted the interest of then-Championship side Sheffield United in January 2006, and subsequently signed for the club on a scholarship contract for a five-figure fee. On Wedgbury's move, Worcester chairman Dave Boddy stated: "I am delighted for Sam, it's a great deal and opportunity for him and obviously a great deal for the club. He is a lovely lad with a superb attitude to the game and he shows unbelievable maturity beyond his years". He was loaned back to Worcester for the remainder of the 2005–06 season, with the two clubs also arranging a pre-season friendly as part of the deal. Wedgbury played regularly for Sheffield United's youth and reserve teams during his first season there, but did not make any first-team appearances.
In October 2008, Wedgbury was loaned out to Conference National side Mansfield Town on a one-month deal to gain more first-team experience. He made his debut a day after signing, on 18 October, starting in the club's 2–1 home defeat to Wrexham. However, he suffered an injury in the match and had to be substituted in the 42nd minute. Although the injury was not a broken leg as first thought, Wedgbury had chipped a bone in his leg and ultimately returned to his parent club to undergo treatment. He was loaned out once again in January 2009, this time to Sheffield United's Hungarian sister club Ferencváros, for the remainder of the 2009–10 campaign. Wedgbury made his first-team debut for Ferencváros two weeks later, on 8 February 2009, in a 0–0 draw with Kecskeméti in the Hungarian League Cup. He went on to play 17 league games for the club, scoring two goals, before returning to Bramall Lane a month into the 2009–10 season. However, on his return Wedgbury was unable to break into the first-team and was released from his contract upon its expiry in May 2010.
Macclesfield Town
Following his release from Sheffield United, Wedgbury signed a one-year contract at then-League Two side Macclesfield Town on 6 July 2010. He made his debut for Macclesfield on the opening day of the 2010–11 season, starting in a 2–2 draw against Stevenage at Broadhall Way. Wedgbury made thirteen appearances during the first half of the season, before being loaned out for a month to Conference North side Altrincham in January 2011, having been out of the Macclesfield first-team for two months. Wedgbury made a goalscoring debut for Altrincham, restoring parity just before half-time as the club came from behind to defeat Hayes & Yeading at Moss Lane. He played six times during the brief loan agreement, before returning to his parent club in late February 2011. Wedgbury regained his place in the Macclesfield first-team on his return, and played regularly for the remainder of the campaign. He scored his first goal for Macclesfield in a 1–1 draw with Lincoln City on 15 March 2011, scoring with an injury-time volley from outside the area to earn the club a point. During his first season with the club, Wedgbury scored once in 26 appearances. Wedgbury's impressive performances earned him an offer of a two-year contract at the end of the season, which he ultimately signed on 10 May 2011.
The 2011–12 season was Wedgbury's breakthrough year of regular first-team football, and he impressed as he made 47 appearances, of which 45 were starting, in what was a difficult season for the club as they suffered relegation to the Conference National. Wedgbury scored once during the campaign, a low volley from George Donnelly's cross in a 2–2 draw with fellow strugglers Hereford United at Moss Rose in March 2012. He was described as "visibly distraught" following Macclesfield's 2–0 defeat to Burton Albion, the game that confirmed the club's relegation, and he stated — "It was a sad day. We feel we've let the fans, the club, the board, everyone down. It's the first time I've experienced anything like that in my career. I'm devastated. We're truly sorry, we've let our loyal fans down after 15 years in the Football League and we know we're to blame". He remained at Macclesfield for the 2012–13 season despite a mass overhaul of players over the summer, and started in the club's first game back in the Conference, which ended in a 2–1 loss to Hereford United at Edgar Street. Wedgbury was once again a regular throughout the season, making 43 appearances in all competitions. He particularly impressed during Macclesfield's FA Cup run during the season, as they defeated Cardiff City in the Third Round, before bowing out in the next round following a narrow 1–0 defeat to eventual winners, Wigan Athletic. After Macclesfield's 2–1 victory over Cambridge United on 20 April 2013, the club's final game of the season, Wedgbury was voted as both Fans and Players' Player of the Year. During his three seasons at Macclesfield, Wedgbury made 116 appearances and scored twice.
Stevenage
His contract at Macclesfield expired at the end of the season, and Wedgbury subsequently signed for League One side Stevenage on 21 May 2013. He made his Stevenage debut on the opening day of the 2013–14 season, playing the whole match at right-back in a 4–3 home defeat to Oldham Athletic. On 12 May 2014, Wedgbury left Stevenage by mutual consent.
Forest Green Rovers
On 12 May 2014, Wedgbury joined Forest Green Rovers in the Conference National on a two-year contract. He made his debut for the club on 9 August 2014 playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 away win against Southport. He helped the club to their first ever Conference National play-offs only to be knocked out in the semi-finals in a two-legged tie with Bristol Rovers.
In April 2016, an anterior cruciate ligament injury picked up in a home match against FC Halifax Town saw him ruled out with a nine-month injury lay-off. He missed Forest Green's 2015–16 National League play-off campaign, although was shown loyalty by the club and signed a new one-year contract in May 2016. On 14 May 2017, he appeared as a substitute in the 2017 National League play-off final at Wembley Stadium to help Forest Green secure promotion to the Football League for the first time in their history in a 3–1 win over Tranmere Rovers. A few days later, after Forest Green's promotion to League Two, Wedgbury was released from the club alongside four other players.
Wrexham
In May 2017 Wedgbury signed a one-year deal with Wrexham. He signed a one-year contract extension in February 2018, however the contract was cancelled by mutual consent in May 2018.
Chesterfield
Wedgbury signed to play for Chesterfield during the 2018–19 season. He made his debut coming on as a 69th minute substitute during the first home game of the season against Aldershot Town on 7 August. Chesterfield won the game 3–0. He was released by Chesterfield at the end of the 2019-20 season.
Buxton
On 1 August 2020, Wedgbury signed for Buxton.
Stalybridge Celtic
In May 2021 he joined Stalybridge Celtic.
Worksop Town
On 10 June 2022, Wedgbury joined Worksop Town.
International career
Wedgbury was called up to represent the England C team in January 2013, for the International Challenge Trophy semi-final tie against Turkey U23s. He played the whole match in England's 1–0 defeat to a strong Turkish side at Princes Park on 5 February.
Personal life
Born in Oldbury, West Midlands, Wedgbury states he "comes from a working-class family" and that he has been brought up to work hard. His mother is the manager at a care home and his father a self-employed builder, and he believes he would probably be working with his father if he "hadn't been playing football".
His cousin is ex Chelsea footballer Jacob Mellis.
Honours
Individual
Macclesfield Town Player of the Year: 2012–13
Career statistics
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from Oldbury, West Midlands
English footballers
English expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Altrincham F.C. players
Worcester City F.C. players
Sheffield United F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Ferencvárosi TC footballers
Macclesfield Town F.C. players
Stevenage F.C. players
Forest Green Rovers F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Buxton F.C. players
Stalybridge Celtic F.C. players
Worksop Town F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Northern Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
English expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
England semi-pro international footballers
The Old Town of Vilnius (, , , ), one of the largest surviving medieval old towns in Northern Europe, has an area of 3.59 square kilometres (887 acres). It encompasses 74 quarters, with 70 streets and lanes numbering 1487 buildings with a total floor area of 1,497,000 square meters. Founded by the Polish kind Władysław II Jagiełło in 1387 on the Magdeburg rights the oldest part of the Lithuanian capital of Vilnius, had developed over the course of many centuries, and has been shaped by the city's history and a constantly changing cultural influence. It is a place where some of Europe's greatest architectural stylesgothic, renaissance, baroque and neoclassicalstand side by side and complement each other. There are many Catholic, Lutheran and Orthodox churches, residential houses, cultural and architectural monuments, museums in the Old Town.
Pilies Street is the Old Town's main artery and the hub of cafe and street market life. The main street of Vilnius, Gediminas Avenue, is partially located in the Old Town. The central squares in the Old Town are the Cathedral Square and the Town Hall Square.
One of the most elaborate architectural complexes is the Vilnius University Architectural Ensemble, which occupies a large part of the Old Town and has 13 courtyards. It was selected to represent Lithuania in the Mini-Europe Park in Brussels.
In 1994 the Vilnius Old Town was included as a UNESCO World Heritage Site (No. 541) in recognition of its universal value and originality. It has been recognised as one of the most beautiful cities of the Old Continent that also has the largest baroque Old Town in the whole of Eastern and Central Europe. The definition of "historic center" itself has a broader meaning than the Old Town, formerly encircled with defensive walls. It embraces the valuable historical suburbs of Vilnius, such as Užupis, which historically used to be outside the city boundaries. Therefore Užupis is often considered a part of the Old Town of Vilnius.
352 ha Vilnius Old Town (Senamiestis) as the UNESCO World Heritage Site should not be confused with one of 21 elderships (boroughs) of Vilnius – Senamiestis (the one with a slightly larger territory – 440 ha).
Landmarks
There are more monuments of interest in the Old Town than in any other part of Vilnius; they include:
Palaces
Presidential Palace
Slushko Palace
Radziwiłł Palace
Tyzenhaus Palace
Vilnius Castle Complex with the Gediminas Tower and Royal Palace
Religious monuments
St. Anne's Church
Church of St. Francis and St. Bernard
Church of St. Johns
Church of St. Casimir
Vilnius Cathedral in Cathedral Square
St. Nicholas Church
All Saints Church
Gate of Dawn
Three Crosses
Cathedral of the Theotokos
Other places of interest
House of the Signatories
National Museum of Lithuania
Lithuanian National Drama Theatre
Fragments of the Vilnius city wall
Vilnius dungeons
Vilnius University
References
External links
Vilnius Old Town in postage stamps
Vilnius Old Town - Lithuania Travel
Neighbourhoods of Vilnius
World Heritage Sites in Lithuania
Landmarks in Vilnius
Tourist attractions in Vilnius
Sheol is the third studio album by Swedish black metal band Naglfar. It was released on 24 March 2003 through Century Media Records and New Hawen Records. It was their first full-length album in five years, after Diabolical (1998).
Reception
Laura Taylor of Exclaim! said that Sheol is "as melodic as it is brutal", and called it "an unrelenting attack on the senses". She noted that the album "starts to lose effectiveness towards the...end". Rock Hard gave it a 10/10 score, and in 2005, Sheol was ranked number 407 in Rock Hard magazine's book The 500 Greatest Rock & Metal Albums of All Time. Metal.de gave it an 8/10 score, and Blabbermouth.net a 7.5/10.
Track listing
Personnel
Naglfar
Jens Rydén – vocals, keyboards, layout, logo, additional artwork
Kristoffer Olivius – bass, vocals
Andreas Nilsson – guitars
Marcus E. Norman – guitars, keyboards
Mattias Grahn – drums
Additional personnel
Nils Johansson – engineering, additional keyboards
Ingrid Sjöberg – photography
References
2003 albums
Century Media Records albums
Naglfar (band) albums
Vasos y besos (Glasses and kisses) is the second studio album of Argentine rock group Los Abuelos de la Nada (The Grandfathers Out of Nowhere). It was released in 1983. Among the songs that stand out are the hits No se desesperen (Don't Lose Hope) and "Mil horas" (A Thousand Hours); the latter is considered by some to be emblematic of Argentine rock.
In 2007, the Argentine edition of Rolling Stone ranked it 29 on its list of "The 100 Greatest Albums of National Rock".
Track listing
No se desesperen [Don't Lose Hope] (Gustavo Bazterrica) (4:57)
Así es el calor [That's Heat] (Andrés Calamaro/Gringui Herrera) (2:38)
Yo soy tu bandera [I'm Your Flag] (Miguel Abuelo/Cachorro López) (2:49)
Sintonía americana [American Tune] (M.Abuelo/C.López) (3:09)
Espía de Dios [God's Spy] (M.Abuelo/G.Bazterica) (2:20)
Cucarachón de tribunal [Court Cockroach] (G.Bazterica) (3:29)
Vamos al ruedo [Let's Get Going] (C.López/A.Calamaro) (3:32)
Mil horas [A Thousand Hours] (Andrés Calamaro) (2:50)
Hermana Teresa [Sister Teresa] (M.Abuelo/C.López) (3:04)
Chalamán (Daniel Melingo) (4:05)
Mundos inmundos [Unworldly Worlds] (M.Abuelo) (4:32)
Musicians
Miguel Abuelo: lead vocals, percussion
Andrés Calamaro: keyboards, vocals
Cachorro López: bass, backup vocals
Gustavo Bazterrica: guitar, vocals
Daniel Melingo: saxophone, clarinet, vocals
Polo Corbella: drums
References
1983 albums
Petukhovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 2 as of 2002.
Geography
Petukhovo is located 31 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ostaninskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Cynthia Bringle (born 1939) was born in Memphis, Tennessee, and has lived and worked in Penland, North Carolina since 1970. She is a potter and teaches at the Penland School of Crafts, Anderson Ranch Arts Center, and John C. Campbell Folk School.
About
Cynthia Bringle knew from an early age that she was interested in art, especially painting, so as a student she decided to attend the Memphis Academy of Arts with a focus on painting. She received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the Memphis Academy of Art in 1962 and a Master of Fine Arts from New York State College of Ceramics, Alfred University. Bringle was named a North Carolina Living Treasure in 2009. She was honored as a Fellow of the American Craft Council in 2000. Her work is in the collection of the Burlington Art Center, the High Museum of Art, and the Mint Museum of Craft and Design.
Cynthia Bringle represented the United States at the First American International Ceramic Symposium, which consisted of twenty-five artists from thirteen different countries, and was hosted in the summer of 1973 at the Memphis Academy of Arts. In addition to an influential career as a teacher, Bringle has exhibited throughout the United States in numerous galleries, museums, and craft exhibitions.
References
1939 births
Living people
American women artists
Crafts educators
People from Memphis, Tennessee
Woman potters
Fellows of the American Craft Council
New York State College of Ceramics alumni
Artists from North Carolina
21st-century American women
ʿĀ'ishah bint Yūsuf al-Bāʿūniyyah (, died the sixteenth day of Dhū al-Qa‘dah, 922/1517) was a Sufi master and poet. She is one of few medieval female Islamic mystics to have recorded their own views in writing, and she "probably composed more works in Arabic than any other woman prior to the twentieth century." Some of her works have been translated to English in the 21st century. "In her the literary talents and Ṣūfi tendencies of her family reached full fruition." She was born and died in Damascus.
Life
Her father Yūsuf (born Jerusalem, 805/1402 – died in Damascus, 880/1475) was a qadi in Safed, Tripoli, Aleppo, and Damascus, and a member of the prominent al-Bāʻūnī family, noted through the fifteenth century for its scholars, poets and jurists. Like her brothers ‘Ā'ishah was taught primarily by her father, along with other family members, studying the Quran, hadith, jurisprudence, and poetry, and by her own claim, by the age of eight, ‘Ā'ishah was a hafiza (she had learned the Quran by heart).
Meanwhile, her principal Sufi masters were Jamāl al-Dīn Ismā‘īl al-Ḥawwārī (fl. late ninth/fifteenth century) and his successor Muḥyī al-Dīn Yaḥyá al-Urmawī (fl. ninth-tenth/fifteenth-sixteenth centuries), whom she held in high regard. Probably in 1475, ‘Ā'ishah undertook the pilgrimage to Mecca. She was married to Aḥmad ibn Muḥammad Ibn Naqīb al-Ashrāf (d. 909/1503), from the prominent ‘Alid family of Damascus, also noted for their scholarship; by ‘Ā'ishah's reckoning, Aḥmad was descended from Muḥammad's daughter Faṭimah and her husband ‘Alī, via their son al-Ḥusayn. ‘Ā'ishah and Aḥmad had two known children, a son, ‘Abd al-Wahhāb (b. 897/1489), and a daughter, Barakah (b. 899/1491).
Studies in Cairo and death
In 919/1513, ‘Ā'ishah and her son moved from Damascus to Cairo, returning to Damascus in 923/1517. ‘Ā'ishah's goal may have been to secure the career of her son. On the way, their caravan was raided by bandits near Bilbeis, who stole their possessions, including ‘Ā'ishah's writings. It appears that in Cairo, she and her son were hosted by Maḥmūd ibn Muḥammad ibn Ajā (b. 854/1450, d. 925/1519), who was personal secretary and foreign minister to the Mamluk sultan al-Ashraf Qansuh al-Ghuri (d. 922/1516). Ibn Ajā helped ‘Abd al-Wahhāb find work in the chancery and helped ‘Ā'ishah enter into Cairo's intellectual circles; ‘Ā'ishah went on to write him 'several glowing panegyrics'.
In Cairo, ‘Ā'ishah studied law and was granted license to lecture in law and to issue fatwas (legal opinions); "she gained wide recognition as a jurist".
‘Ā'ishah left Cairo in 922/1516, with her son and Ibn Ajā, and alongside al-Badr al-Suyūfī (c. 850–925/1446–1519), al-Shams al-Safīrī (877–956/1472–1549), and several other noted scholars, was granted an audience with Sultan Qansuh al-Ghawri in Aleppo shortly before his defeat at the Battle of Marj Dabiq: 'an extraordinary event befitting her exceptional life'. ʻĀ'ishah then returned to Damascus, where she died in 923/1517.
ʻĀ'ishah "inherited an independence of mind and outlook which is seen in her companionship with her men contemporaries on equal terms". Thus she was a close friend of Abu 'l-Thanā' Maḥmūd b. Ajā, who was the final ṣāḥib dawāwīn al-inshāʼ of the Mamluk era, and corresponded, in verse, with the Egyptian scholar ‘Abd al-Raḥmān al-‘Abbāsī (b. 867/1463, d. 963/1557). 'It is quite apparent from biographies of ‘Ā'ishah and from her own comments in her writings that she was highly regarded as a pious woman and Sufi master.' Her manuscript The Principles of Sufism, which is described as her "key work", has been translated into English by Th. Emil Homerin. In this book, she "outlines her philosophy based on the four principles of repentance, sincerity, remembrance and love."
Works
List of works
According to Th. Emil Homerin, the chronology of ʿĀ'ishah's work is not yet known, and indeed the majority has been lost, but ʿĀ'ishah's known original works are:
Dīwān al-Bā‘ūniyyah (collection of poems)
Durar al-ghā'iṣ fī baḥr al-Mu‘jizāt wa 'l-kha-ṣā'iṣ (The Diver's Pearls, on the Sea of "The Miracles and Virtues")
al-Fatḥ al-ḥaqqī min fayḥ al-talaqqī (True Inspiration, from the Diffused Perfume of Mystical Learning') (lost)
al-Fatḥ al-mubīn fī madḥ al-amīn (Clear Inspiration, on Praise of the Trusted One)
al-Fatḥ al-qarīb fī mi‘rāq al-ḥabīb (Immediate Inspiration, on the Ascension of the Beloved) (lost)
Fayḍ al-faḍl wa-jam‘ al-shaml (The Emanation of Grace and the Gathering of the Union)
Fayḍ al-wafā fī asmā' al-muṣṭafā (The Emanation of Loyalty, on the Names of the Chosen One) (lost)
al-Ishārāt al-khafiyyah fī 'l-Manāzi al-‘aliyyah (The Hidden Signs, on the "Exalted Stations") (lost)
Madad al-wadūd fī mawlid al-maḥmūd (The Aid of the Affectionate God, on the Birth of the Praiseworthy Prophet) (lost)
al-Malāmiḥ al-sharīfah min al-āthār al-laṭīfah (Noble Features, on Elegant Reports) (lost)
al-Mawrid al-ahnā fī 'l-mawlid al-asnā (The Most Wholesome Source, on the Most Exalted Birthday)
al-Munktakhab fī uṣūl al-rutab (Selections on the Fundamentals of Stations)
al-Qawl al-ṣaḥīḥ fī takhmīs Burdat al-madīḥ (Reliable Words, on the Quintains of the "Mantle of Eulogy")
Ṣilāt al-salām fī faḍl al-ṣalāh wa 'l-salām (Gifts of Peace, on the Merit of Blessing and Salutation) (lost)
Tashrīf al-fikr fī naẓm fawā'id al-dhikr (Noble Thought, on the Benefits of Recollection in Verse)
al-Zubdah fī takhmīs al-Burdah (The Fresh Cream Quintain of "The Mantle") (lost)
In addition to these, ʿĀ'ishah adapted a range of other texts. Homerin has also published some of the only translations of ʿĀ'ishah's work into English:
Th. Emil Homerin, 'Living Love: The Mystical Writings of ʿĀ'ishah al-Bāʿūniyyah (d. 922/1516)', Mamluk Studies Review, 7 (2003), 211-34.
Th. Emil Homerin, 'The Principles of Sufism'. By Ā'ishah al-Bāʿūniyyah.
al-Fatḥ al-mubīn fī madḥ al-amīn
ʿĀ'ishah's best known work is her al-Fatḥ al-mubīn fī madḥ al-amīn (Clear Inspiration, on Praise of the Trusted One), a 130-verse Badī‘iyya (a form designed to illustrate the badī or rhetorical devices in the poetic repertoire, with each verse illustrating a particular device) in praise of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. Making reference to nearly fifty earlier poets, the work emphasises the breadth of ʿĀ'ishah's learning. This text 'no doubt' inspired ‘Abd al-Ghanī al-Nābulusī's Nasamāt al-Azhār; both writers accompanied their respective badī‘iyyas with a commentary.
Fayḍ al-faḍl wa-jam‘ al-shaml
Fayḍ al-faḍl wa-jam‘ al-shaml (The Emanation of Grace and the Gathering of the Union) is a collection of over 300 long poems in which ʿĀ'ishah 'described mystical states and praised variously Muhammad, the founder of her order 'Abd al-Qadir Jilani, and her own Sufi shaykhs. She used technical Sufi terminology and typical Sufi poetic motifs such as wine and love in her poems'. They seem to date from throughout ʿĀ'ishah's life up to her move to Cairo, and show her command of almost all Arabic poetic forms of the time.
Al- Muntakhab fi Usul al-Rutab (Selections on the fundamentals of stations)
In this work, she attempted to articulate and clarify some of her mystical beliefs and practices in a separate Sufi compendium. She notes at the outset that the stages of the mystical folk are innumerable, yet all of them are based on four fundamental principles of the path towards God: tawbah (repentance), ikhlas (sincerity), dhikr (recollection), and muhabbah (love).
Principle 1: Tawbah (Repentance)
(1) remorse for past misdeeds, (2) desisting immediately from current offenses, and (3) never returning to sin. She further notes that each member of the body has a share in repentance. The heart must resolve to leave sin and be remorseful, while the eyes should be down cast; the hands should cease to grasp; the feet should stop hurrying, and the ears should stop trying to listen in. This is repentance for the common people. The repentance of the elect goes further by opposing the lust of concupiscence (nafs), and by averting the gaze of the heart away from pleasure and prosperity, while abstaining from all transient things. Such repentance is required for the love for God, who
said (2:222): "Verily, God loves those who turn in repentance. . . ."
Higher still is the repentance of the elect of the elect. They turn away from considering anything but God, including spiritual states and blessings, until God reveals His beauty to them, eradicating everything but Himself.
Principle 2: Ikhlas (Sincerity)
Sincere obedience to God should be motivated only by the desire to draw closer to Him. The believer should have no thought of attaining praise or glory among people, for sincerity requires the utmost humility. Therefore, concupiscence (nafs) is to be disciplined, while the heart must be blind to the opinions of others, as the spirit guards against pride.Sincerity, she says, is like water helping the tiny seeds of good works to grow, while hypocrisy is a cyclone that will sweep away the fields of one's labor.
Principle 3: Dhikr (Recollection)
Essential to both repentance and sincerity is the third principle, dhikr, or "recollection" of God. ‘A'ishah begins her section on this pivotal topic with God's promise in the Quran (2:152): "Remember Me, and I will remember you," and she elaborates on this reciprocal relationship of recollection between God and His faithful worshippers in a series of mystical interpretations: "Remember Me with sincerity, and I will remember you among the spiritual elect; remember Me in your striving, and I will remember You with witnessing; . . . remember Me in your passing away, and I will remember you in your abiding; . . . remember Me in your hearts, and I will remember you in nearness to Me; remember Me in your spirits, and I will remember you in moments of enlightenment; remember Me in
your heart secrets, and I will remember you in illuminations!"
Principle 4: Mahabbah (Divine Love)
This leads naturally to mahabbah, or "love," the subject of the final and longest section of Al-Muntakhab. She opens with God's command to Muhammad in the Quran (3:31): "Say: 'If you love God, then follow me and God will love you.'" She quotes Qushayri saying true love of God requires lovers to efface themselves completely as their beloved wears them out. This love relationship is possible because God created human beings in the best of forms and, so, He has a special affection for them.
She then goes on to mentioning Levels as well as the signs of divine love being bestowed on someone.
For the common believer, the seeds of love are planted by reading the Quran and following the custom of the Prophet, and then nourished by complying with divine law. This love will thwart the temptations of Satan, provide solace in times of adversity, and make service to God delightful. By contrast, love among the spiritual elite strikes like a bolt of lightning, leaving the lovers dumbfounded and confused. This overwhelming love causes the spiritual elite to pass away in God's love for them, which is beyond any description or allusion.
She then turns to the signs of love, which include intimacy with God and estrangement from the world, awe before God and contentment with His will, performing pious deeds, loving others who love God, and passing away in the beloved from all things.
Her writing here reflects an invitation to chase the path of love like she often does in her poems:
"I see love, an ocean without a shore. If you are love's chosen ones, plunge in!"
Editions
al-Mawrid al-ahnā fī 'l-mawlid al-asnā and al-Fatḥ al-mubīn fī madḥ al-amīn, in ‘Ā'ishah al-Bā‘ūniyyah al-Dimashqiyyah, ed. by F. al-‘Alawī (Damascus: Dār Ma‘add, 1994)
Dīwān Fayḍ al-faḍl wa-jamʻ al-shaml, ed. by Mahdī Asʻad ʻArār (Bayrūt : Dār al-Kutub al-ʻIlmīyah, 2010).
Notes
References
Text was copied from this source, which is available under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
Homerin, Th. Emil (2016). The Principles of Sufism. New York: New York University Press. (In: Library of Arabic Literature.)
1517 deaths
Medieval women poets
Female Sufi mystics
Women religious writers
Syrian women writers
Syrian Sufis
15th-century writers of the Ottoman Empire
15th-century women writers of the Ottoman Empire
16th-century writers of the Ottoman Empire
16th-century women writers of the Ottoman Empire
The South Pennines is a region of moorland and hill country in northern England lying towards the southern end of the Pennines. In the west it includes the Rossendale Valley and the West Pennine Moors. It is bounded by the Greater Manchester conurbation in the west and the Bowland Fells and Yorkshire Dales to the north. To the east it is fringed by the towns of West Yorkshire whilst to the south it is bounded by the Peak District. The rural South Pennine Moors constitutes both a Site of Special Scientific Interest and Special Area of Conservation.
National character area
The Southern Pennines National Character Area defined by Natural England includes the West Pennine Moors and is a landscape of broad moorland, flat-topped hills and fields enclosed by dry stone walls. Settlements built from local gritstone occupy river valleys with wooded sides. Peat soils and blanket bog on the moors store carbon while high rainfall fills many reservoirs supplying water to the adjacent conurbations. The area is important for recreation having open access areas, footpaths and historic packhorse routes.
Geology
The area is almost wholly formed from multiple layers of sedimentary rock dating from the Carboniferous period. The oldest of these are the limestones and associated mudstones which outcrop in the northernmost part of the region, though which are thought to underlie the entire area at depth. These are assigned to the Craven Group. Overlying these and occurring widely across the region are the mudstones and sandstones of the Millstone Grit Group. Many of the sandstones, particularly the coarser-grained ones are commonly referred to as gritstones or ‘grits'. The Millstone Grit is in turn overlain by the end Carboniferous Coal Measures which in this region are all assigned to the Pennine Lower Coal Measures Formation. It comprises mudstones, siltstones and sandstones and of course coal seams. Coal Measures rocks occur along the eastern and western margins of the region, on either side of the ‘Pennine Anticline', and across much of the West Pennines.
Geography
Although precise definitions vary, the South Pennines mostly cover the Pennine area between the Yorkshire Dales, Bowlands Fells and Peak District. It is separated from the Yorkshire Dales to the north by the Aire Gap, the Bowland Fells to the north west by the Ribble Valley and the Peak District to the south by the Tame Valley, Standedge and Holme Valley. The West Lancashire Coastal Plain and Greater Manchester conurbation are both to the west while the West Yorkshire conurbation is to the east.
Settlements within the South Pennines include Addingham, Ilkley and Otley in the north, as well as Bingley, Keighley, Haworth and Oxenhope. Halifax, Sowerby Bridge, Hebden Bridge and Todmorden are in the Calder Valley. These also include Marsden, Slaithwaite and Meltham in the south-east, Darwen, Haslingden and Rawtenstall in Lancashire, and Greenfield, Horwich, Ramsbottom and Littleborough in Greater Manchester.
Moorland in the South Pennines includes Rombalds Moor, Rishworth Moor, Haworth Moor, Turton Moor and Castleshaw Moor. The highest point of the M62 motorway, the highest motorway in England, is at on Windy Hill near Junction 22.
The rivers Aire, Calder and Colne drain the area to the east and the Roch and Irwell to the west. The Calder Valley provides a low-level route for road, railway and the Rochdale Canal between Greater Manchester and Lancashire in the west and West Yorkshire to the east. The Huddersfield Narrow Canal and the Manchester to Huddersfield railway pass through the Standedge Tunnels and the A62 road crosses the moorland at Standedge. The Leeds and Liverpool Canal passes through Bingley and Keighley en route to Skipton.
Natural England describes the South Pennine moorlands as the Watershed Landscape where the area's high rainfall fills a multitude of reservoirs. The South Pennines and its fringe has a population of more than a million people. Woodland covers about 4% of the terrain mostly on steep valley sides.
History
The South Pennines provide evidence of Mesolithic, the late Bronze Age and Iron Age findings. The Romans built roads and built forts in Ilkley and at Castleshaw. They also dug coal which was further exploited especially during the Industrial Revolution in the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
Steep-sided valleys with fast flowing streams provided power and water for the area's early mills and factories. Water-powered corn mills and fulling mills were used in medieval times and more fulling mills were built after the mid-16th century as the woollen industry grew. At the end of the 18th century, water powered mills were vital for industrial expansion of the textile industry, initially for spinning cotton, but subsequently for woollens and worsteds.
Tourism
Walking, mountain-biking and horseriding are common pastimes enjoyed in the area. Numerous walking trails have been established including, amongst many others, the Calderdale Way and the Bronte Way. The long-established Pennine Way passes through the area.
The South Pennines Walk & Ride Festival which takes place annually in September is a two-week celebration of the area's landscape. Typical events include guided walks, mountain bike rides, horse rides, orienteering events and evening talks by noted speakers.
See also
South Pennine Moors
South Pennines Regional Park
References
External links
Pennine Prospects South Pennines Regeneration Company
South Pennines Campaign Network
Southern Pennines National Character Area profile
Mountains and hills of Yorkshire
Mountains and hills of Greater Manchester
Pennines
Thomas A. Pankok (July 9, 1931 – January 31, 2022) was an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1982 to 1986, where he represented the 3rd Legislative District.
Born on July 9, 1931, in Salem, New Jersey, Pankok graduated from Salem High School in 1950. He served in the United States Navy for four years during the Korean War and was hired by the Bell Telephone Company in 1956, where he was employed for 30 years. He served on the Salem City Council and for 15 years on the Salem County, New Jersey Board of chosen freeholders.
Then a resident of Pennsville Township, he was elected to the General Assembly in 1981 together with Martin A. Herman and served two terms in office representing the 3rd Legislative District, which then covered all of Salem County and portions of both Cumberland County and Gloucester County.
A resident of Mannington Township, Pankok spent about ten years as secretary to the board of commissioners of the Delaware River and Bay Authority, a bi-state agency that oversees transportation infrastructure in Delaware and New Jersey.
Pankok died on January 31, 2022, in Newark, Delaware, at the age of 90.
References
1931 births
2022 deaths
County commissioners in New Jersey
New Jersey city council members
New Jersey Democrats
People from Mannington Township, New Jersey
People from Pennsville Township, New Jersey
People from Salem, New Jersey
Military personnel from New Jersey
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
Salem High School (New Jersey) alumni
Vice president of Gabon is a political position in Gabon. It existed from 1961 to 1975, 1997 to 2009, and 2017 to 2019.
History of the office
Original office
Changes in the Constitution of 1966 made the vice president the automatic successor of the president in case of a vacancy in the latter office. Albert-Bernard Bongo was appointed as vice president in 1966 with the expectation that he would constitutionally succeed the ailing president Leon M'ba, and he did so following M'ba's death in November 1967. In April 1975 the position of vice president was abolished and its functions were given to the Prime Minister.
Restored office
The position of vice president was restored in 1997 as a position appointed by the president of Gabon. The vice president acted as the president's deputy, but was not the constitutional successor of the president in the event of a vacancy in the latter office. President Ali Bongo Ondimba abolished the office in October 2009.
Description of the office
The president of the republic is assisted by a vice president of the republic.
The vice president of the republic is nominated by the president of the republic, who can terminate his or her duties, after the consultation of the presidents of the two chambers of Parliament. The vice president of the republic may be chosen from the members of Parliament, or outside the legislature.
The functions of the vice president of the republic are incompatible with the exercise of all other public and private functions of a lucrative character.
The vice president of the republic takes the oath of office before the president of the republic and in the presence of the Constitutional Court, according to the terms below:
The vice president of the republic stands in for the president of the republic in the duties that the president delegates to him.
The manner in which the present article may be applied is fixed by an organic law.
The functions of the vice president of the republic end at the issuing of the proclamation of the next presidential election results by the Constitutional Court and in the case of a vacancy in the presidential office for whatever reason, or a permanent impairment of the current president of the republic.
The vice president of the republic is a member of the Council of Ministers by right. If appropriate, her or she may substitute the president of the republic through express authorization and a defined order of business.
List of officeholders
Political parties
See also
President of Gabon
First Lady of Gabon
Prime Minister of Gabon
List of colonial governors of Gabon
Politics of Gabon
References
External links
1991 Constitution of Gabon (as amended in 2011)
Politics of Gabon
Gabon
1961 establishments in Gabon
1997 establishments in Gabon
2017 establishments in Gabon
Alā al-Dīn Abū Amr Uthman ibn Ibrahīm ibn Khālid al-Qurashī Ibn al-Nābulusī (born Cairo 19 Dhū al-Ḥijja 588 AH/26 December 1192 CE, died 25 Jumādā I 660/17 April 1262) was an administrator in Ayyubid Egypt. He is most noted today for producing the most detailed surviving fiscal record of any part of the rural medieval Arab world.
Life
In early life, al-Nābulusī trained as a religious scholar. But he became a civil servant under the Ayyubid sultan al-Kāmil, and by the late 1220s was one of the Sultan's right-hand men, serving as his chief financial advisor. However, in 1237, he fell from grace. He was imprisoned for a month and his family home expropriated and sold, after which he appears to have retired into producing works of literature: it is thought that his writings date from after 1238. In 1245, however, al-Kāmil's successor, al-Malik al-Ṣāliḥ, commanded al-Nābulusī to audit the agricultural production of the Fayyum region of Egypt, whose productivity had fallen, and which al-Malik al-Ṣāliḥ wished to increase. Al-Nābulusī spent two months of the spring of 1245 touring the region (probably April and May), gathering the information on tax obligations pertaining to the previous year and abetting it with his own observations. He visited around 125 settlements, and his record of the visit is the most detailed surviving fiscal record from the medieval Arab world. Nothing more about al-Nābulusi's life is known except that he died on 17 April 1262 and was buried in the cemetery of Muqattam.
Works
Tajrīd sayf al-himma li-istikhrāj mā fī dhimmat al-dhimma ('unsheathing ambition's sword to extract what the Dhimmīs hoard'), an anti-Coptic-Christian tract.
Kitāb luma' al-qawānīn al-muḍiyya fī dawāwīn al-diyār al-miṣriyya ('a few luminous rules for Egypt's administrative offices'), on some of the fiscal problems facing the country, with suggested methods for preventing fraud and increasing efficiency.
Ḥusn al-sulūk fī faḍl malik Miṣr ‘alā sā'ir al-mulūk ('a seemly demonstration of the superiority of Egypt's king above all others'). This survives now only in the form of quotations in other work.
Iẓhār Ṣan‘at al-Ḥayy al-Qayyūm fū Tartīb Bilād al-Fayyūm ('demonstrating the everlasting Eternal's design in ordering the villages of the Fayyum'). A history and geography of the Fayyum region, with a detailed fiscal survey of its villages.
References
1192 births
1262 deaths
13th-century Egyptian people
Football Club Bekasi City or FC Bekasi City (previously known as Putra Sinar Giri, PSG Pati, AHHA PS Pati and Bekasi Football Club) is an Indonesian football club based in Bekasi, West Java that competes in Liga 2 and play their home match at Patriot Candrabhaga Stadium.
History
In 2014, Putra Ijen FC was established in Jember to participate in Liga 3 East Java.
In 2018, Putra Sinar Giri FC began participating in the East Java League 3 competition after buying a license from the club from Jember, Putra Ijen FC. PSG Gresik joined Liga 3 East Java in 2018 after buying license of Putra Ijen, club from Jember.
They won Liga 3 East Java for the first time in their history after beating Perseta Tulungagung 5–3 in penalty shootout.
In 2020, PSG Pati began participating in Liga 2 after Saiful Arifin bought the club's license from Gresik, Putra Sinar Giri FC.
In 2021, Atta Halilintar and Putra Siregar bought the majority stake of PSG Pati and changed the club's name to AHHA PS Pati.
In 2022, they decided to move their homebase from Pati to Bekasi and rebranded the club as Bekasi FC. For next season, Bekasi FC will use the Patriot Candrabhaga Stadium, hoping that the new homebase can make the club more successful.
However, the name Bekasi FC has been trademarked by a man named Erick, who promptly filed a lawsuit regarding the usage of the Bekasi FC brand. This forced the club to change their name once again into FC Bekasi City, which was ratified in the 2022 PSSI Ordinary Congress.
Naming history
Putra Ijen (2014–2017)
Putra Sinar Giri (2018–2019)
PSG Pati (2020–2021)
AHHA PS Pati (2021)
Bekasi FC (2022)
FC Bekasi City (2022–present)
Players
Current squad
Naturalized player
Club officials
Club Official
Coaching staff
References
External links
Bekasi City
Bekasi City
Bekasi City
Bekasi City
Bekasi City
"A Matter of Time" is the third and final single from Bec Cartwright's eponymous debut album. The song peaked at #26 on the Australian Singles Chart.
Track listing
"A Matter of Time" (radio mix) - 3:30
"A Matter of Time" (Quazimodo Rolex 12-inch remix) - 5:14
"A Matter of Time" (karaoke mix) - 3:22
"All Seats Taken" (music video)
"On the Borderline" (music video)
Charts
References
2003 singles
2003 songs
Bec Hewitt songs
Songs written by Matthew Gerrard
1942 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 36th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1942 in water polo
1942 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Shaikh Pasha Habib Uddin OSP, SGP, BAMS, afwc, psc is a two-star rank Bangladesh Army officer and the current Director General of Bangladesh Institute of International and Strategic Studies (BIISS). Prior to join BIISS, he was Senior Directing Staff at National Defense College. Earlier, he was Commandant, Bangladesh Ordnance Factories (BOF) and the Director General of Bangladesh Ansar and Village Defence Party. He also served as the chairman of Ansar-VDP Unnayan Bank.
Early life and education
Habib Uddin was born on 20 November 1967 in Feni, Bangladesh. He graduated from Faujdarhat Cadet College and joined the 16th long course of the Bangladesh Military Academy. He was commissioned in the Bangladesh Army on 26 June 1987. He completed his undergraduate from the University of Chittagong and an MBA from the IBA, University of Dhaka. He completed a master's in war studies and another in defence studies from the National University of Bangladesh. He attended the National Defence College and the Defence Services Command and Staff College. In 2006, he completed a course on civic response to terrorism at the United States Navy operated Naval Postgraduate School in California. He completed a leadership course at the United States Military Academy.
Career
Habib Uddin served as the defence attache in the Bangladesh embassy in the United Kingdom. He commanded the second artillery brigade. He was deputed to the Border Guards Bangladesh where he served as the commander of the 1st Battalion. He was an instructor in the School of Infantry and Tactics. He commanded a Bangladeshi United Nation Peacekeeping contingent. He commanded a mechanized infantry unit in the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire. He served in the Directorate General of Forces Intelligence. He was made the Director General of Bangladesh Ansar and the Village Defence Party on 31 April 2017. On 6 January 2018, he announced that 600,000 personnel of Bangladesh Ansar and the Village Defence Party will be deployed in the next general election of Bangladesh.
References
Living people
Bangladesh Army generals
People from Feni District
1967 births
Faujdarhat Cadet College alumni
Horror Show may refer to:
The Horror Show a 1989 supernatural horror film
Horror Show (album), an album by Iced Earth
Gregory Horror Show, an anime
The Rocky Horror Show, a long-running British stage musical
Zee Horror Show, a television show
Horrorshow (band), an Australian hip-hop duo
Horrorshow (G.I. Joe), a fictional character in the G.I. Joe universe
Horror Show (Graydon Creed), a fictional character in the Age Of Apocalypse Marvel Universe
Horror Show, a debut EP by rock band The Graduate
Horrorshow, a song by English rock band The Libertines
Kitty Horrorshow, video game developer
Other
"horrorshow", a word in Nadsat, the fictional language used in Anthony Burgess's A Clockwork Orange
Derived from хорошо (khorosho), a Russian language word meaning "very good."
"Quiet Life" is a song by the British new wave band Japan. It is the title track of their 1979 album Quiet Life. The lyrics to the song refer to the problems the band was going through at the time. They had lost their US record contract and Hansa Records had been pressuring them for a hit single in the UK.
"Quiet Life" was first released as a single in Japan in December 1979 with the B-side "Halloween". In March 1980, it was released in Germany and the Netherlands with the B-side "Second That Emotion", whereas in the UK "Quiet Life" was released as the B-side of the unsuccessful "Second That Emotion". Following the commercial success of the band's 1981 album Tin Drum, Hansa Records reissued the song as a single that year to promote the band's upcoming compilation album Assemblage. It became a top 20 hit on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 19 in October 1981 for 2 weeks.
Track listings
7": Ariola / AHA 1013 (1979, Japan)
"Quiet Life" – 4:14
"Halloween" – 4:24
7": Hansa (1980, Germany and the Netherlands)
"Quiet Life" – 3:51
"Second That Emotion" – 3:46
7" B-side: Ariola / AHA 559 (1980, UK)
"Second That Emotion" – 3:46
"Quiet Life" – 3:51
7": Hansa / HANSA 6 (1981, UK)
"Quiet Life" – 3:34
"A Foreign Place" – 3:11
12" Hansa / HANSA 12-6 (1981, UK)
"Quiet Life" (Extended Version) – 4:50
"A Foreign Place" – 3:11
"Fall in Love With Me" – 4:30
Charts
References
1979 songs
1979 singles
1980 singles
1981 singles
Japan (band) songs
Songs written by David Sylvian
All Is Possible in Granada (Spanish: To-do es posible en Granada) is a 1982 Spanish musical comedy film directed by Rafael Romero Marchent and starring Manolo Escobar, Tessa Hood and Manolo Gómez Bur. The film's sets were designed by the art director Luis Vázquez. It is a remake of the 1954 film of the same name.
Cast
Manolo Escobar as Manolo Ortega
Tessa Hood as Margaret
Manolo Gómez Bur as José Heredia Jiménez 'Petaca'
Luis Varela as Roby
Rafael Alonso as Mr. Taylor
Luis Barbero as Falsificador
Félix Dafauce as Mr. Colman
José Moreno
Francisco Nieto
Emilio Fornet as Curro
Rafael Romero Marchent as Camarero
References
Bibliography
José Luis Borau. Palabra de cine: su presencia en nuestro lenguaje. Ediciones Península, 2010.
External links
1982 films
1980s musical comedy films
Spanish musical comedy films
1980s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Rafael Romero Marchent
Remakes of Spanish films
1982 comedy films
1980s Spanish films
Bertsa is a genus of true bugs in the family Miridae.
Characteristics
Elongated oval shaped body, attenna with four segments. The white band on the dorsal of the insect marks the difference between this genus with others within the same tribus.
Distribution
This genus is distributed in warmer area of East Asia, South East Asia and South Asia. They have been found from Japan to South Korea, Mainland China and Hong Kong。
Species
So far only two species have been described:
Bertsa lankana : Seen only in the warmest provinces of South Korea, southern provinces of Mainland China, Taiwan, as well as the area spanning from Indonesia to Sri Lanka.
Bertsa major
References
External links
Nomenclator Zoologicus
Mirini
Miridae genera
The Svyato-Troitsky Markov Monastery (Holy Trinity Markov Monastery) is one of two modern-day monasteries in Vitebsk. The second, for females, is Svyato-Dukhov Monastery.
Markov Monastery was founded in the 14th–15th century. A legend indicates that a certain Mark found a place to stay alone and built a chapel there. Afterwards he was joined by like-minded persons, who formed the monastery.
The monastery existed until 1576, when it was abolished. At that time, the monastery's Тrinity Church became a parish church. The monastery was revived in 1633 by a duke Lev Oginski.
In the 12th century the wooden Troitsky (Trinity) Cathedral and Pokrovskaya (Intercession) Church existed in the monastery area. In 1656 Patriarch of Moscow Nikon presented the monastery with a miraculous copy of Kazan Virgin icon.
In 1690 the Pokrovskaya (Intercession) Church was burned down was reconstructed. In 1760 a stone cathedral was constructed to house the Kazan Virgin icon.
After the October Revolution, in 1920, the Svyato-Troitsky Markov Monastery was again suppressed. All the buildings except the Kazan Cathedral of 1760 were demolished. The Kazan church was the only functioning Vitebsk church during the Soviet era.
The monastery was revived again on 23 November 2000. Now it is situated at an industrial site, surrounded by factory buildings.
Christian monasteries in Belarus
Buildings and structures in Vitebsk
The rufous-crowned emu-wren (Stipiturus ruficeps) is a species of bird in the Australasian wren family, Maluridae. It is endemic to Australia.
Taxonomy and systematics
The rufous-crowned emu-wren is one of three species of the genus Stipiturus, commonly known as emu-wrens, found across southern and central Australia. It was first described in 1899 by Archibald James Campbell, more than a century after its relative the southern emu-wren. Its species name is derived from the Latin words rufus "red" and caput "head". No subspecies are recognised, although birds from Western Australia may have redder plumage, and females more blue on the face and lores. It has been considered a subspecies of both the southern and mallee emu-wrens in the past. The common name of the genus is derived from the resemblance of their tails to the feathers of an emu.
Description
The rufous-crowned emu-wren is the smallest and most brightly coloured of the three emu-wren species.
The adult male has reddish upperparts with faint streaks, with a prominently rufous crown and grey-brown wings. It has a bright sky blue throat, upper chest, lores and ear coverts. The lores and ear coverts, and chest border are streaked with black. The tail is double the body length, and is composed of six filamentous feathers, the central two of which are longer than the lateral ones. The underparts are buff. The bill, feet and eyes are brown. The female resembles the male but lacks much of the blue plumage and redder crown. Its throat is a yellow buff, and it has some blue-tinged streaked ear coverts. Its bill is pale brown.
Distribution and habitat
The rufous-crowned emu-wren is found across the arid interior of northern central Australia, from the Simpson Desert in the southeast and Barkly Tableland in the northeast, across the centre to the Western Australian coast and the Pilbara in the northwest. There is also an isolated population found to the east in south-western Queensland bounded by Dajarra, Winton, Fermoy and Boulia. It lives in spinifex shrubland.
References
cited text
rufous-crowned emu-wren
Endemic birds of Australia
rufous-crowned emu-wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The following is a list of the 431 communes of the Aube department of France.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
Communauté d'agglomération Troyes Champagne Métropole
Communauté de communes d'Arcis, Mailly, Ramerupt
Communauté de communes du Barséquanais en Champagne
Communauté de communes du Chaourçois et du Val d'Armance
Communauté de communes Forêts, Lacs, Terres en Champagne
Communauté de communes des Lacs de Champagne
Communauté de communes du Nogentais
Communauté de communes de l'Orvin et de l'Ardusson
Communauté de communes du Pays d'Othe
Communauté de communes des Portes de Romilly-sur-Seine
Communauté de communes de la Région de Bar-sur-Aube
Communauté de communes Seine et Aube
Communauté de communes de Vendeuvre-Soulaines
References
Aube
Charles Vernon Eskridge (20 January 1833 – 15 July 1900) was an American politician. Between 1869 and 1871 he served as Lieutenant Governor of Kansas.
Life
Charles Eskridge was born in Virginia. In his early years he moved with his parents to Ohio and later to Lewistown, Illinois. At the age of 13 years he left his home and went to St. Louis. For a while he worked as a cabin boy on a Mississippi steamboat. In 1855 he arrived in the Kansas Territory, which at that time was overshadowed by violent political confrontations known as the Bleeding Kansas. Eskridge started working in the newspaper business. He joined the newly founded Republican Party and as a supporter of the anti-slavery movement he took an active part in the political quarrel. Later he settled down in Emporia, Kansas where he worked in a store. In 1859 he became a probate judge in his new home town. After Kansas was admitted to the United States in 1861, Eskridge became a member of the Kansas House of Representatives. One year later he secured himself a seat in the State Senate.
In 1868 Charles Eskridge was elected to the office of the Lieutenant Governor of Kansas. He served in this position between 11 January 1869 and 9 January 1871 when his term ended. In this function he was the deputy of Governor James Harvey. In 1872 he unsuccessfully tried to get nominated for the governor's office. Later he became a member of the city council of Emporia and he returned to the Kansas House of Representatives. He still worked in the newspaper business and owned and published the Emporia Republican. In addition he was engaged in the mercantile business, and also dealt in real estate, where he accumulated a handsome property. The city of Eskridge, Kansas was named in his honor when he agreed to buy the first lot from the town-site organizer Ephraim Sanford for five hundred dollars. He died on 15 July 1900 in Emporia.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
The Political Graveyard
The Lieutenant Governors of Kansas
1833 births
1900 deaths
People from Emporia, Kansas
People from Virginia
Businesspeople from Kansas
Editors of Kansas newspapers
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Kansas state senators
Lieutenant Governors of Kansas
Kansas Republicans
People from Lewistown, Illinois
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
is a railway line operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) between Himeji, Hyōgo and Niimi, Okayama, Japan. The name of the line comes from the first kanji of Himeji () and Niimi () which the line connects.
Stations
S: Trains stop
s: Some trains stop
｜: Trains pass
Rolling stock
New KiHa 122 and KiHa 127 series diesel multiple units (DMUs) were introduced on the line between Himeji and Kōzuki from spring 2009. Journey times were reduced from spring 2010 after the entire fleet of new trains had been delivered.
History
The first section of the line opened was from Tsuyama to the north in 1923, and the line was progressively extended until it reached Niimi in 1929. The section from Himeji opened in stages from 1930, and the line was completed in 1936.
CTC signalling was commissioned in 1986, and freight services ceased the following year.
Former connecting lines
Shingu Station: The Tatsuno Electric Railway Co. opened a 17 km 1,435 mm gauge line electrified at 600 V DC from Shingu-Cho to Aboshiko between 1909 and 1915 which connected at this station, as well as the Sanyo Main Line at Aboshi. The line closed in 1934.
References
Rail transport in Hyōgo Prefecture
Rail transport in Okayama Prefecture
Lines of West Japan Railway Company
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
Railway lines opened in 1923
1923 establishments in Japan
Bullseye! is a 1990 British–American action comedy film starring Michael Caine and Roger Moore. It was directed by Michael Winner. It was released on 2 November 1990, to mixed reviews, and was a box office disappointment. It has since developed a small cult following.
Plot
Moore and Caine play dual roles—a pair of small-time con-men and a pair of inept nuclear physicists who believe they have invented a limitless supply of energy. The con men use their resemblance to the scientists to con their way into the scientists' safe deposit boxes and steal the formula, but in so doing, they become entangled in a shady world of spies and international intrigue. The film includes a number of cameo appearances, including Jenny Seagrove (Winner's partner at the time) playing two different roles, John Cleese, Patsy Kensit, Alexandra Pigg and Nicholas Courtney. The film also features Roger Moore's daughter, Deborah Moore, in a supporting role.
Cast
Michael Caine – Sidney Lipton / Dr Daniel Hicklar
Roger Moore – Gerald Bradley-Smith / Sir John Bavistock
Sally Kirkland – Willie
Lee Patterson – Darrell Hyde
Deborah Moore – Flo Fleming (as Deborah Barrymore)
Mark Burns – Nigel Holden
Derren Nesbitt – Inspector Grosse
Deborah Leng – Francesca
Christopher Adamson – Death's Head
Steffanie Pitt – Donna Dutch
Angus MacKay – Reverend Simkin
Nicholas Courtney – Sir Hugh
Robert McBain – Lawyer
John Woodnutt – Bank Manager
Mildred Shay – Jolene (Tourist Wife)
Helen Horton – Tourist on Coach
Jeff Harding – Agent Merrow
Gordon Honeycombe – TV Announcer
Pamela Armstrong – TV Newsreader
Kiran Shah – Little Boss at Auction
John Cleese – Man on the Beach in Barbados Who Looks Like John Cleese
Jenny Seagrove – Health Club Receptionist / Girl with John Cleese
Patsy Kensit – Sick Lady on Train
Alexandra Pigg – Car Hire Girl
Deborah Bishop – Mr Moore's left eyebrow
Jim Bowen – Himself
Tony Green – Himself
John Scott Martin – Old Jeweller
John Lyons – Train Guard
Reception
The Radio Times Guide to Films''' review of Bullseye!'' states: "this appallingly unfunny comedy is a career low for all concerned".
Release and home video
This film has been released on several countries theatrically and later on VHS by RCA/Columbia Pictures Home Video. The film is available on the made-on-demand DVD-R service from MGM Home Entertainment through 20th Century Fox.
References
External links
1990 films
Films directed by Michael Winner
Films scored by John Du Prez
1990s action comedy films
British action comedy films
1990 action films
1990 comedy films
Films with screenplays by Michael Winner
Films about con artists
Films about physics
Films about lookalikes
Films produced by Michael Winner
Films produced by Menahem Golan
1990s English-language films
1990s British films
Seven Life Lessons of Chaos: Spiritual Wisdom From the Science of Change is a book by Western Connecticut State University English Professor John Briggs and Physicist F. David Peat (who also co-authored Turbulent Mirror). Originally published in 1999 by Harper Collins, the book consists of 175 pages plus notes and an index (, ).
1999 non-fiction books
Philosophy books
HarperCollins books
Self-help books
Maximilian Simon (born 8 June 1844 in Kołobrzeg; died 15 January 1918 in Strasbourg) was a German historian of mathematics and mathematics teacher. He was concerned mostly with mathematics in the antiquity.
Born into a Jewish family, he studied from 1862 to 1866 at the Friedrich Wilhelm University of Berlin, obtaining his Ph.D. from Karl Weierstrass und Ernst Eduard Kummer
He was a mathematics teacher in Berlin from 1868 to 1871, and in Strasbourg from 1871 to 1912, where he became an honorary professor of the university.
Works
Euclid und die sechs planimetrischen Bücher, Teubner 1901
Über die Entwicklung der Elementargeometrie im 19 Jahrhundert, Bericht der Deutschen Mathematikervereinigung, Teubner 1906
Geschichte der Mathematik im Altertum in Verbindung mit antiker Kulturgeschichte, Berlin: B. Cassirer 1909
Nichteuklidische Geometrie in elementarer Behandlung ( ed.), Teubner 1925
Analytische Geometrie der Ebene, 3rd edition, 1900
Analytische Geometrie des Raumes, 2 volumes, Sammlung Göschen 1900, 1901
References
Joseph W. Dauben, Christoph J. Scriba (eds.): Writing the history of mathematics. Its historical development. Birkhäuser, Basel 2002, , (Science networks 27), p. 522.
19th-century German Jews
19th-century German mathematicians
1844 births
1918 deaths
University of Strasbourg alumni
20th-century German mathematicians
Lodha Bellissimo is a twin residential skyscraper project located in Mumbai, India developed by Lodha Group of Mumbai. Construction started in 2006 and was completed in 2012. Having 53 floors, it is tall.
See also
List of the tallest structures in the Indian subcontinent
List of the tallest buildings in Mumbai
List of the tallest buildings in India
Lodha Altamount
Lodha Group
References
External links
Lodha Bellissimo
Bellissimo in Emporis
Lodha Bellissimo Owners Portal
Residential skyscrapers in Mumbai
Buildings and structures under construction in India
The Stalin Bloc – For the USSR (), known before January 1999 as the Front of the Working People, Army and Youth for the USSR (, abbr. FTR), was a coalition of communist political parties in Russia running together for the 1999 elections of the State Duma.
This coalition was composed by many small radical political parties including "Labour Russia" led by Viktor Anpilov, Union of Officers led by Stanislav Terekhov, "Union" led by G.I. Tikhonov, the Peoples Patriotic Union of Youth led by I.O. Maliarov, Union of Workers of Moscow, Bolshevik Platform CPSU, All-Union Communist Party Bolsheviks, Russian Association of Miners Invalids, Congress of Soviet Women, All Union Society for studying the legacy of Stalin and the Vanguard of Red Youth.
Aside from the leaders of the above movements, the Stalin Bloc included Joseph Stalin's well-known grandson, Yevgeny Dzhugashvili, a retired air force colonel.
The Bloc obtained 0.61% and 404,274 votes in the 1999 Duma Election.
References
External links
List of Candidates
Party's flag
about Viktor Anpilov and the Bloc
about the composition of the Bloc
1999 establishments in Russia
Anti-revisionist organizations
Defunct communist parties in Russia
Defunct left-wing political party alliances
Defunct political party alliances in Russia
Neo-Sovietism
Neo-Stalinist organizations
Organizations established in 1999
Russia
John Anthony Llewellyn (22 April 1933 – 2 July 2013), was a Welsh-born American scientist and a former NASA astronaut candidate.
Biography
Llewellyn was born 22 April 1933, in Cardiff, Wales, United Kingdom, and graduated from Cardiff High School in 1949. He received his BSc degree from University College, Cardiff in 1955 and went on to achieve his PhD degree in chemistry in 1958. He married Valerie Mya Davies-Jones, and they had three children.
Post-education
After the award of his doctorate, Llewellyn moved to Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and served as a post-doctoral fellow at the National Research Council. In 1960, he went to Florida State University as a research associate in the Chemistry Department and was subsequently appointed Assistant Professor. In 1964, he was jointly appointed associate professor in both the School of Engineering Science and the Department of Chemistry.
Diving
Having been taught to dive by aquanaut Jacques Cousteau, Llewellyn served as training director for Florida State University's diver training program. This was one of the first scuba diving certification programs in the United States. Among those he certified was sixteen year old E. Lee Spence, who received his certification on 10 July 1964. Spence went on to become one of the pioneers of underwater archaeology. Llewellyn's diving gave him experience in the feeling of weightlessness, which helped prepare him for his later training as an astronaut.
NASA selection
Llewellyn was selected as a scientist-astronaut by NASA in August 1967. He participated in flight training as part of NASA Astronaut Group 6; however, he dropped out of flight school and resigned from NASA in September 1968. Llewellyn needed to learn to fly jets, and was not able to fly the jet with the cockpit blacked out.
Post-NASA experience
While with the University of South Florida's Department of Chemical Engineering, Llewellyn also served as Director of the College of Engineering's computing department, and later than University Director of Academic Computing, where he helped initiate USF's programs in High-Performance Computing and electronic and distance learning. In 2007, he retired from the directorship position and served as Professor Emeritus in the Department of Chemical and Biomedical Engineering until his death. His research interests included the development of impedance-based sensor measurement methods and instrumentation for invivo monitoring of tissue after the application of an electric field mediated plasmid delivery protocol (IEEE Transactions on Dielectrics and Electrical Insulation 16(5): 1348–1355. His current work was presented at the 2010 American Society for Gene and Cell Therapy and he was an invited session leader at the 2010 Gordon Conference in Bioelectrochemistry.
Death
Llewellyn died on 2 July 2013 after suffering a stroke.
Notes
Further reading
Llewellyn's career is chronicled in the book "NASA's Scientist-Astronauts" by David Shayler and Colin Burgess.
1933 births
2013 deaths
Alumni of Cardiff University
American astronauts
Florida State University faculty
NASA people
Scientists from Cardiff
Welsh emigrants to the United States
British astronauts
The Utah Kid is a 1930 American pre-Code Western film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Rex Lease and Boris Karloff.
Cast
Rex Lease as Cal Reynolds
Dorothy Sebastian as Jennie Lee
Tom Santschi as Butch
Mary Carr as Aunt Ada
Walter Miller as Sheriff Jim Bentley
Lafe McKee as Parson Joe
Boris Karloff as Henchman Baxter
Bud Osborne as Deputy
Chuck Baldra as Henchman (uncredited)
Ralph Bucko as Henchman (uncredited)
Bob Burns as Barfly (uncredited)
Fred Burns as Rancher (uncredited)
Bob Card as Henchman (uncredited)
Bud McClure as Henchman (uncredited)
Art Mix as Deputy (uncredited)
Jack Rockwell as Henchman (uncredited)
Hal Taliaferro as Deputy (uncredited)
Al Taylor as Henchman (uncredited)
Blackie Whiteford as Henchman (uncredited)
Jay Wilsey as Deputy (uncredited)
Plot
A reformed outlaw (Lease) marries a teacher (Sebastian) to protect her from his gang,
Production
In addition to Thorpe as director, Frank Howard Clark was the screenwriter, and Arthur Reed was the cinematographer.
See also
Boris Karloff filmography
References
External links
Stills and reviews at dorothysebastian.com
1930 films
1930 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Richard Thorpe
Tiffany Pictures films
1930s American films
The Pococke Kition inscriptions were a group of 31 Phoenician and 2 non-Phoenician inscriptions found in Cyprus and published by Richard Pococke in 1745. In describing Kition (modern Larnaca), Pococke wrote: "the walls seem to have been very strong, and in the foundations there have been found many stones, with inscriptions on them, in an unintelligible character, which I suppose, is the antient Phoenician..."
The Phoenician inscriptions are known as KAI 33 (CIS I 11), KAI 35 (CIS I 46) and CIS I 57-85. They represent some of the most important finds in Phoenician and Semitic language studies, as they were used by Jean-Jacques Barthélemy in his decipherment of the Phoenician language.
Only one of the inscriptions still survives, in the Ashmolean Museum - all the rest were destroyed in construction work in 1749.
Surviving inscription – KAI 35
The sole surviving inscription is a marble funeral stone, numbered "2" in Pococke's sketch, measuring 12 x 3 x 3 inches; the inscription is in memory of a deceased wife. The inscription was brought to England by a Dr. Porter of Thaxted, and presented to Oxford University by Charles Gray MP in 1751. It was published many times, first by Pococke, and then by John Swinton, Richard Chandler, Jean-Jacques Barthélemy, Wilhelm Gesenius, and Johan David Åkerblad.
Today it resides at the Ashmolean Museum, with accession number AN1974.325.
Concordance
Gallery
Notes
1738 archaeological discoveries
Phoenician inscriptions
Archaeological artifacts
KAI inscriptions
The Indian Imperial Police, referred to variously as the Imperial Police or simply the Indian Police or, by 1905, Imperial Police, was part of the Indian Police Services, the uniform system of police administration in British Raj, as established by Government of India Act 1858, Police Act of 1861. It was motivated by the danger experienced by the British during the 1857 rebellion.
During 1920 the Imperial Indian police had 310,000 police in their contingent. Its members policed more than 300 million people in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Burma (then comprising British Raj).
In 1948, a year after India's independence from the British Raj, the Imperial Police Service was replaced by the Indian Police Service, which had been constituted as part of the All-India Services by the Constitution.
History
It comprised two branches, the Superior Police Services, from which the Indian (Imperial) Police would later be formed, and the Subordinate Police Service. Until 1893, appointments to the senior grades (i.e., Assistant District Superintendent and above) were made locally in India, mainly from European officers of the Indian Army.
The highest rank in the service was the Inspector General for each province. The rank of Inspector General was equated and ranked with Brigadier and similar ranks in the Indian Armed Forces, as per Central Warrant of Precedence in 1937. Subordinate to the Inspector General, the ranks were composed of District Superintendents and Assistant District Superintendents, most of whom were appointed, from 1893, by examination for the Indian Civil Service tests in the UK. The Subordinate Police Service consisted of Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors, Head Constables (or Sergeant in the City forces and cantonments) and Constables, consisting mainly of Indians except for the higher ranks.
By the 1930s, the Indian Police exercised "unprecedented degree of authority within the colonial administration". The Indian Imperial Police was also the primary law enforcement in Burma, governed as a province of India, until 1937.
Ranks of the Imperial (India) Police
Superior Services:
Inspector General of Police (Head of the state police)
Deputy Inspector General of Police (Head of Range Police) or Commissioner of Four cities (Madras, Bombay, Calcutta and Rangoon)
Superintendent of Police (Head of District Police)
Assistant Superintendent of Police (Head of sub divisional Police, specially main sub division of a district)
Sub-ordinate services:
Deputy Superintendent of Police (Head of sub divisional Police).
Inspector of Police (Head of circle Police)
Sub Inspector of Police (Head of Police station)
Sergeant (One for each police station and should be European or Anglo-Indian)
Head constable
Naik
Constable
Orwell
George Orwell, with his real name Eric Blair, served in the Indian Imperial Police, in Burma, from 27 November 1922 to 12 July 1927, formally resigning while on leave in England (effective 1 January 1928) having attained the rank of Assistant District Superintendent at District Headquarters, first in Insein, and later at Moulmein. He wrote of how having been in contact with, in his own words, "the dirty work of Empire at close quarters" had affected his personal, political and social opinions. Some of his works referring to his experiences include "A Hanging" (1931), set in the notorious Insein Prison, and his novel Burmese Days (1934). Likewise, although he wrote that, "I loved Burma and the Burman and have no regrets that I spent the best years of my life in the Burma police.", in "Shooting an Elephant" (1936), he stated that "In Moulmein in Lower Burma, I was hated by large numbers of people–- the only time in my life that I have been important enough for this to happen to me."
See also
T. Ramachandra Rao
Panchanan Ghoshal
Qazi Azizul Haque
References
Notes
Bibliography
Chandavarkar, Rajnarayan (1998) Imperial Power and Popular Politics: Class, Resistance and the State in India, 1850-1950. Cambridge University Press. At Google Books.
History of law enforcement in India
Government of British India
Rob Boyd (born 15 February 1966) is a Canadian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics coached at the World Cup level, the Whistler Mountain Ski Club and is currently working as a Real Estate Advisor with Engel & Völkers Whistler. In 1989 he was the first Canadian alpine skier to win a downhill on home soil. He moved to Whistler in 1982 at age 16 and said "it opened up his eyes" after making the provincial ski team. He credits his sister for inspiring him to ski race and get good.
External links
sports-reference.com
https://www.robboydrealestate.ca
1966 births
Living people
Canadian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Canada
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from British Columbia
Marco Quotschalla (born 25 July 1988) is a football forward who is currently contracted with Luxembourgish second league club FC Rodange 91.
Career
Born in Cologne and raised in Pulheim, Quotschalla has played in the youth systems of Bayer 04 Leverkusen, 1. FC Köln, and Alemannia Aachen and played two matches for Aachen in the Bundesliga in the 2006–07 season. In January 2009, he left for Germania Dattenfeld. After half a season with Germania Dattenfeld, he signed with Bonner SC in the summer of 2009. After a successful season, he signed a two-year contract with FC Schalke 04 II on 25 July 2010. Eighteen months later, he signed for Wuppertaler SV, where he spent a year before joining SV Eintracht Trier 05 in January 2013. He was released by the club eighteen months later.
In July 2014 he was confirmed to have signed a contract with Italian Serie D club Orlandina, under the new guidance of head coach Viktor Pasulko.
References
External links
Marco Quotschalla at kicker.de
1988 births
Association football forwards
Living people
1. FC Köln players
German footballers
Alemannia Aachen players
Bonner SC players
FC Schalke 04 II players
Wuppertaler SV players
SV Eintracht Trier 05 players
Bundesliga players
Footballers from Cologne
The Pale-faced bare-eye (Phlegopsis borbae), sometimes known as the pale-faced antbird, is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It has often been placed in the monotypic genus Skutchia, but based on genetic evidence this genus is now merged with Phlegopsis, and this treatment was adopted by the SACC in 2010. It is endemic to humid forest in the south-central Amazon in Brazil. It is an obligate ant-follower only rarely seen away from ant swarms.
References
Further reading
pale-faced bare-eye
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Endemic birds of Brazil
pale-faced bare-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Reunion and Concord () is a bronze monument, which symbolizes unity of the Cossacks and their reunited with each other irrespective of political opinions and beliefs. It located on Yermaka square in Novocherkassk, Rostov oblast, Russia. The monument was designed by sculptor Anatoly Sknarin and architect I. Zhukov. The opening ceremony of the monument took place on Yermaka square in 2005 and was held in conjunction by the 200-year anniversary of Novocherkassk.
Description
A large granitical Orthodox cross is a main element of the composition. The monument is 7 m height. Twenty stones are erected around the cross. Names of the Cossack armies are written on the stones: the Don, Kuban, Terek, Astrakhan, Ural, Orenburg, Siberian, Semiryeche, Transbaikal, Amur, and Ussuri. A bronze cossaсk peaked cap, a bashlyk and a shashka are positioned to the right of the Cross. A rifle and a budenovka are positioned on the other side. All these items are attributes of warring the Red Guard and the Don Army during the Russian Civil War. A bronze statue of Cossack woman stands in front of the Cross and looks at the boy, who stands ahead of her. The boy holds peaked cap. In front of the sculpture composition there is a marble slab with carved words:
Civil War in the Don region had been characterized by the duration and the magnitude. The segment of the local population embraced the Soviet rule. Other part resisted them so bitterly. War crimes of murder and robbery were perpetrated by both parties. The idea of building the monument was proposed by ataman of Russian and foreign Cossacks V. Volodatskiy and the headship of the Imperial Family of Russia Maria Vladimirovna.
References
Outdoor sculptures in Russia
Novocherkassk
Monuments and memorials in Rostov Oblast
2005 sculptures
Tourist attractions in Rostov Oblast
Papa vs Pretty was an Australian rock band from Sydney, New South Wales. Originally the solo act of then 15-year-old Thomas Rawle (lead vocals, guitar, piano, primary songwriter) in 2006, Papa vs Pretty became a three-piece band in 2008 with the addition of Rawle's friends Angus Gardiner (bass guitar, cello, backing vocals) and Tom Myers (drums, backing vocals), and a quartet in 2012 with the arrival of Luke Liang (guitar, keyboard, backing vocals). On Monday 30 June 2014, the band announced their breakup.
Papa vs Pretty's musical style evolved from the initial fusion of indie rock and electronica of their first two EPs, to a more guitar-driven alternative rock sound from 2010s Heavy Harm EP onwards.
Papa vs Pretty has gained notable attention in the Australian music scene for their "intimidatingly tight" and energetic live performances. Their 2010 tracks "Heavy Harm" and "Wrecking Ball" and 2011 singles "One of the Animals", "Honey" and "Darkest Way" received heavy rotation on Australian radio station Triple J.
Papa vs Pretty's debut album United in Isolation was released on 27 May 2011 to positive reviews, including a 9 out of 10 rating from Triple J Magazine and a coveted Triple J Feature Album slot. The album was nominated for Best Rock Album at the 2011 ARIA Music Awards, and for Album of the Year at the 2011 J Awards.
Papa vs Pretty released their second album, White Deer Park, on 21 February 2014. The first single from the album, "My Life Is Yours", was released 13 September 2013, followed by the second single, "Smother", which was released 6 December 2013.
History
2006–2007: Early years
Thomas Rawle developed a strong interest in music from a young age and began playing the drums at age 4, the piano at age 6, and the guitar at age 12. Writing his own songs and composing music from the age of 7, Rawle had access to basic digital recording equipment and gear because his father used to be an audio engineer.
In 2006, Rawle adopted the stage name Papa Vs Pretty to write, record, and perform his music under, creating songs which fused elements of electronica and indie rock. In 2007, Papa Vs Pretty, The Presence, in which Rawle wrote all songs and performed all instruments. The originally untitled EP received its name The Presence after Rawle delivered it to Sydney radio station FBi Radio heralding it a "present", and FBi mistakenly took that to be the name of the EP. The song "Citizen No. 1" received air-play on FBi, and the EP was well received by the local music street press; Drum Media's Liam Casey praised it saying "May god strike me down if this isn't the best thing I've heard this year".
In late 2007, Rawle invited friends Angus Gardiner and Tom Myers to join him as full-time members, playing bass guitar and drums, respectively, and Papa vs Pretty became a three-piece band.
2008-2009: Papa vs. Pretty and From The Bunker (2008-2009)
In 2008, Papa vs. Pretty played sets at the 2008 Peats Ridge Festival, Parklife Festival, and the 2009 Laneway Festival.
In June 2009 they released their second EP, but first as a three-piece band, the self-titled Papa Vs. Pretty, which was positively received by local critics. A music video was released for the song "Ballad", featuring Australian actress Sophie Lowe. Later that year the band released an eight-part video series of live performances filmed in their rehearsal space, entitled From the Bunker, via Vimeo. This self-produced series of music videos showcased previously unreleased original songs, and a cover version of Prince's Purple Rain. The song "Piper" was featured on Triple J radio station, and was then later re-recorded to be released on their Heavy Harm EP in 2010.
2010-2012: Heavy Harm and United in Isolation
By 2010 Papa vs Pretty had signed on to Peace & Riot. The band's third studio EP Heavy Harm, released 13 August 2010, was the debut release for Peace & Riot. Recorded at Sydney's Albert Studios in early 2010, the EP was produced by Australian musician and Something For Kate frontman Paul Dempsey, and was mixed by Dempsey and Rick Will. The first single, title-track "Heavy Harm", was added to national rotation on Triple J radio station in June 2010, and in July, an animated music video for the song was released online and rotated on Rage and Channel V. The Heavy Harm EP was officially launched at a sold-out headline show at Sydney's Spectrum on 28 August. The band toured heavily during 2010, embarking on a national tour supporting Paul Dempsey for his Burning Leaves tour in April 2010, as well as opening for Grammy Award-winning French band Phoenix at the Luna Park Sydney Big Top in March, and Silversun Pickups in Melbourne in September. In a July 2010 interview with FBi Radio, the band revealed that they were currently writing their debut album, set for a 2011 release. After capping off the year performing at 2010 Peats Ridge Festival and 2010 Pyramid Rock Festival, the band eventually entered BJB Studios in Sydney in January 2011 to begin the recording of their debut album. Throughout January they also performed at the 2011 Sydney Big Day Out, as well as opening for a string of Hot Hot Heat and Birds of Tokyo shows.
On 20 March 2011 the first-single from their debut album United in Isolation, "One of the Animals", had its radio premiere on Triple J with Richard Kingsmill. This was followed up with the official album announcement and a confirmed release date for 27 May 2011. Produced and engineered by five time ARIA Award winning producer Paul McKercher and mixed by Scott Horscroft, the album was released through Peace & Riot/EMI. Thomas Rawle has described United in Isolation as "almost a concept album", with a main lyrical "focal point". "In a very broad sense, it's about human nature's desire to always be coupled with another, and how love can sometimes be a vessel of selfishness. It's almost like animal behaviour, and I guess we are animals, just with language and ego". Various bonus, deluxe and limited editions of the album were released, including the United in Isolation (Deluxe Edition) iTunes LP featuring two bonus tracks and interactive artwork hand-drawn by Thomas Rawle, as well as a bonus limited edition 7 track EP titled Memoirs From A Bedroom: Issue 1, featuring previously unreleased Papa vs Pretty songs, from the band's vast catalogue of unreleased music. United in Isolation marked the first official release of a full-length Papa vs Pretty album, despite songwriter Tom Rawle having written and produced approximately 30 albums worth of material at home in his bedroom, which he hopes to release eventually.
Upon its release on 27 May 2011, United in Isolation met with positive reviews, including a 9 out of 10 rating from Triple J Magazine with the mature songwriting and production in particular praised. Awarded a 9 out of 10 by Triple J Magazine, it was also awarded the coveted Triple J Feature Album spot for the week beginning 30 May 2011. The album was nominated for ARIA Award for Best Rock Album at the ARIA Music Awards of 2011, in addition to being nominated for Album of the Year J Awards of 2011.
Papa vs Pretty toured Australia extensively in 2011, with several of their own headline tours, as well as touring with the Kaiser Chiefs and The Vines. The band contributed to The Wiggles tribute cover album, Re-Wiggled: A Tribute to The Wiggles, alongside other Australian artists such as The Living End, Jebediah, Sarah Blasko and Frenzal Rhomb, covering the track "Can You (Point your Fingers and do the Twist?)". In early 2012 Papa vs Pretty toured with the 2012 Big Day Out music festival along the East coast of Australia, and in February they supported Incubus on their Australian tour.
2013-2014: White Deer Park and breakup
In March 2013 Papa vs Pretty began the recording of their second studio album, White Deer Park. Produced by Grammy-nominated producer Dave Trumfio, the band recorded at Studios 301 and Forgotten Valley Studios in Sydney, Australia, and then in April flew to Los Angeles, California to continue work at Kingsize Soundlabs. Over 80 new songs were written for the album throughout 2011, 2012 and early 2013, prior to the band entering the studio. White Deer Park was released on 21 February 2014. The album's first single, "My Life Is Yours", was released 13 September 2013, followed by the second single, "Smother", which was released 6 December 2013.
On Monday 30 June 2014, the band released a statement on their Facebook page announcing their breakup, saying "After almost a decade of making music as Papa vs Pretty we are sad to announce that all good things come to an end. It's been a privilege and a pleasure making music together and we'll continue to pursue our love of music and remain the best of friends. Thank you to everyone who has supported us along the way!"
Musical style
Papa vs Pretty primarily play alternative rock and indie rock music, but have also integrated elements of grunge, hard rock, funk rock, and electronica in the past. Lyrically, Papa vs Pretty songs have been described as often dealing with themes of disenfranchisement, lost love, human emotions, technology, and the state of the world, however Rawle, whilst accepting these as legitimate interpretations of his lyrics, says he's never thought that much about what he writes.
Recognisable characteristics of many Papa vs Pretty songs include the focus on melodic backing vocal harmonies, lead vocalist Thomas Rawle's falsetto voice, and Rawle's intricate lead guitar work. As a guitarist, Rawle cites other guitarists such as Prince, Eddie Van Halen, Jimmy Page and Jimi Hendrix as inspirations, and has been himself described as a "shredder" and one for "grungy guitar riffs". As a whole, the band cite that they are influenced by many artists from a diverse range of genres, including Radiohead, Queens of the Stone Age, Daft Punk, Aphex Twin, The Smiths, The Mars Volta, At The Drive-In, Incubus, Prince, The Drones, Silverchair, Jack White, Jimi Hendrix, Grizzly Bear, Dinosaur Jr, Battles, Joy Division, Elliott Smith, Jeff Buckley, David Bowie, Talking Heads, Tom Waits, Pavement, The Reels, Roxy Music, Air, Vangelis, and Sergei Prokofiev.
Papa vs Pretty's musical style and sound has drawn wide-ranging comparisons to many different artists and genres throughout its evolution. Evolving dramatically since their conception, their earlier musical output has been described as much more experimental, indie and electronic sounding, applying a "deconstructuralist ethic... to traditional song structures," and creating "impulsive and spontaneous compositions". Their second EP, Papa Vs. Pretty, evoked comparisons to early Muse, Coldplay, Nine-Inch Nails and R.E.M., and Silverchair. 2010's Heavy Harm EP saw the band shift towards a more guitar-focused and raw stripped-back melody-centric approach, described as "frantic guitar rock", with a grunge and classic rock inspired sound mixed with elements of Okkervil River style folk rock. Their 2011 debut album United in Isolation explored a dynamic dichotomy of loud, heavy and aggressive rock juxtaposed against softer and gentler music, drenched in an alternative rock sound reminiscent of such alternative rock luminaries as The Bends-era Radiohead, Jeff Buckley, Muse, Silverchair and "a handful of Australian Triple J bands from the 90's." The album is also notable for its prominence of guitar solos and vocal harmonies, drawing comparisons to Queen and The Darkness.
Past members
Thomas Rawle - lead vocals, guitar, keyboard, primary songwriter (2006-2014)
Angus Gardiner - bass guitar, cello, backing vocals (2008-2014)
Tom Myers - drums, backing vocals (2008-2014)
Luke Liang - guitar, keyboard, backing vocals (2012-2014)
On 28 August 2018, Luke Liang died at the age of 28.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Awards and nominations
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music.
|-
| 2011
|United in Isolation
| Best Rock Album
|
J Awards
The J Awards are an annual series of Australian music awards that were established by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's youth-focused radio station Triple J. They commenced in 2005.
|-
| J Awards of 2011
|United in Isolation
| Australian Album of the Year
|
References
External links
Musical groups established in 2006
Musical groups disestablished in 2014
Australian indie rock groups
New South Wales musical groups
Experimental musical groups
Australian garage rock groups
Australian indie pop groups
