Kamwendo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Joseph Kamwendo (born 1986), Malawian footballer and coach
Steven Kamwendo (born 1966), Malawian politician
Yankho Kamwendo (born 1978), Swedish TV personality and actor
Surnames of African origin
The Reparto volanti ("Mobile Division"), that dispatch the various Squadre Volanti (mobile squads or flying squad (lit.)), is a section of the Ufficio Prevenzione Generale e Soccorso Pubblico (Office of General Prevention and Public Aid) of the Italian State Police. Headed by a high ranking member of the State Police, they are present in every "Questura", the provincial office of the Public Safety Department, which is the ministerial branch Italian State Police belongs to.
The same service is also performed by personnel of Police Precincts, whose first-response vehicles work alongside and under the same provincial dispatch office that resides in the Questura, making them all identical.
All patrol vehicles used by this Division are specifically equipped for this kind of response, including reinforcing plates in the bodywork, especially in the doors, bulletproof and shatterproof windows and the iconic prisoner transport partition behind the first row of seats.
Police precincts also have non-bulletproof emergency vehicles that do not log in with the first-response division, but are equally capable of responding to an event, which are called "Autoradio" (radio car or, like in other states radio motor patrol (RMP)) instead.
The mobile units are the public face of the State Police because their crews are in direct contact with citizens. They follow up on all calls coming to the police emergency number, which is 113 in Italy, even though since few years some provinces transitioned to the european unique emergency number 112. They, therefore, are called on to address all types of incidents, from simple noise complaints, domestic incidents, as well as serious crimes such as fights, muggings, robberies or murders.
Mobile units often patrol beats, with the number of simultaneous patrols depending on the size of the Questura. In medium and large cities, each patrol is assigned a beat, or a specific and precise area route to be covered. Beats usually coincide with areas of jurisdiction of police precincts in the area, and there may be more than one volante (nickname for emergency response patrol cars, literally translated: "flying") per precinct area.
Each Mobile Division of a Questura is headed by an inspector coordinator per shift who is responsible for all units on duty. This inspector provides the specific direction for all the squads under his or her command.
Currently Rome is the only city in which a 2nd Mobile Division has been inaugurated as of December 3, 2019.
The patrols, in addition to their role of responding to crimes in progress also work in the area of crime prevention. The officers of the Mobile Division know their beat and the people who usually frequent it, carefully observe their surroundings, and work to prevent crime.
References
External links
Official website
Official website
Polizia di Stato
Xavier O'Halloran (born 11 July 2000) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Greater Western Sydney Giants in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the Greater Western Sydney Giants with the 22nd draft pick in the 2018 AFL draft.
Early football
O'Halloran played school football for his team at St. Bernard's College in Melbourne, where he won the Herald Sun Shield and the Neale Daniher Award. He also captained the Western Jets in the NAB League for the 2018 season, while playing for them in the 2017 and 2018 seasons, where he picked up a total of 31 goals. O'Halloran also represented and captained Vic Metro in the AFL Under 18 Championships for the 2018 season.
AFL career
O'Halloran debuted in the Giants' four point win against the Essendon Bombers in the tenth round of the 2020 AFL season. O'Halloran picked up 9 disposals, 3 tackles and a clearance.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of Round 23 2021
|- style="background-color: #eaeaea"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2019
| || 33 || 0 || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || —
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2020
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 33 || 2 || 0 || 0 || 9 || 10 || 19 || 2 || 6 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 4.5 || 5.0 || 9.5 || 1.0 || 3.0
|- style="background:#EAEAEA; font-weight:bold; width:2em"
|- style="background-color: #eaeaea"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2021
| || 33 || 17 || 5 || 3 || 124 || 56 || 180 || 42 || 22 || 0.2 || 0.1 || 7.2 || 3.2 || 10.5 || 2.4 || 1.2
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
| scope="row" text-align:center class="sortbottom" colspan=3 | Career
| 19
| 5
| 3
| 133
| 66
| 199
| 44
| 28
| 0.2
| 0.1
| 7.0
| 3.4
| 10.4
| 2.3
| 1.4
|}
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Greater Western Sydney Giants players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Western Jets players
The Goegap Nature Reserve is a semi-desert nature reserve in Northern Cape, South Africa and lies around east of Springbok. The area was once used to graze livestock and was proclaimed in 1966 as a reserve then fenced in 1969 and wildlife introduced shortly afterward. It was originally known as the Hester Malan Nature Reserve.
After several extensions, the park currently covers an area of . The name Goegap comes from the Khoekhoe word for "watering hole."
Geography
Goegap is part of the Succulent Karoo transitioning into the Namaqualand Broken Veld, with an average rainfall of per annum. The temperatures are extreme, including frost in the winter and temperatures over in the summer. The area includes wide, sandy plains and mountains, the highest is Carolusberg at . There are roads for normal cars and tracks for 4x4 in the reserve. Looping trails ranging in length from 2 to 17 km start from the succulent garden.
Biodiversity
The main attraction is the desert bloom that covers the sand with flowers in the spring provided enough winter rain. August and September are the most popular months to visit. Around 600 known plant species have been found here along with 45 mammal species and 94 types of bird.
Birds
Bird species found in the reserve include Cape eagle-owl, Black eagle, Booted eagle, Ludwig's bustard, White-backed mousebird, Karoo eremomela, Dusky sunbird, ostriches, spotted dikkops and Ground woodpecker.
Mammals
Megafauna such as oryx, klipspringer, duiker, and the endangered Hartmann's mountain zebras call the park home. Other wildlife include smaller mammals, 26 reptile species, and 3 amphibian species.
Vegetation
The Hester Malan Wild Flower Garden features a succulent garden and a rock garden. The information library has valuable resources on the succulent plants of Namaqualand to accompany the planted and labeled examples of the featured succulents.
Gallery
See also
List of protected areas of South Africa
References
Nature reserves in South Africa
1966 establishments in South Africa
Ortabağ, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
The 2019–20 Coupe de France preliminary rounds, Grand Est was the qualifying competition to decide which teams from the leagues of the Grand Est region of France took part in the main competition from the seventh round.
A total of 19 teams qualified from the Grand Est preliminary rounds. In 2018–19, three teams made it as far as the round of 64. SC Schiltigheim lost to Dijon, US Raon-l'Étape lost to Iris Club de Croix and Olympique Strasbourg lost to Saint-Étienne.
Schedule
The first round of the qualifying competition took place during the 2018–19 season, during June 2019. It consisted of 698 clubs from the district leagues (tier 9 and below of the French league system) with some clubs from the Régional 3 division (tier 8) to shape the draw.
The second round took place in August, with most ties on the weekend of 18 August, and the remainder on the weekend of 25 August. 120 teams, mainly from tiers 7 (Régional 2) and 8 (Régional 3) with two from tier 6 (Régional 1), join at this stage. One team, ASTR Wittenheim, gained re-entry as a Lucky loser due to mergers and liquidations of clubs that have taken place between the first and second rounds.
The third round draw was made on 29 August 2019. The remaining 12 Régional 2, the remaining 36 Régional 1 teams and the 11 Championnat National 3 (tier 5) teams joined at this stage. One second round winner, Foyer Barsequanais, received a bye to the fourth round.
The fourth round draw was made on 18 September 2019. The five Championnat National 2 (tier 4) teams joined at this stage. 76 ties were drawn.
The fifth round draw was made on 2 October 2019. 38 ties were drawn.
The sixth round draw was made on 16 October 2019. 19 ties were drawn.
First round
The first round was split into the separate competitions for the three sub-regions of Champagne-Ardenne, Lorraine and Alsace.
First round: Champagne-Ardenne
These matches were played between 7 and 16 June 2019. Tiers shown reflect the 2018–19 season.
First round: Lorraine
These matches were played between 8 and 30 June 2019. Tiers shown reflect the 2018–19 season.
First round: Alsace
These matches were played between 30 May and 23 June 2019. Tiers shown reflect the 2018–19 season.
Second round
These matches were played between 15 and 27 August 2019.
Third round
These matches were played on 14 and 15 September 2019, with one yet to be arranged.
Fourth round
These matches were played on 29 September 2019.
Fifth round
These matches were played on 12 and 13 October 2019.
Sixth round
These matches were played on 26 and 27 October 2019.
References
Preliminary Rounds
The Diocese of Salina () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church covering thirty-one counties in Kansas. The counties included in this diocese are Cheyenne, Sherman, Wallace, Logan, Thomas, Rawlins, Decatur, Sheridan, Gove, Trego, Graham, Norton, Phillips, Rooks, Ellis, Russell, Osborne, Smith, Jewel, Mitchell, Lincoln, Ellsworth, Saline, Ottawa, Cloud, Republic, Washington, Clay, Dickinson, Geary, and Riley. It covers 26,685 square miles and has a Catholic population of 40,546. The episcopal see is in Salina, Kansas. It was founded as the Diocese of Concordia on August 2, 1887, and on December 23, 1944, was renamed Diocese of Salina. The Diocese of Salina is a suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas.
On Wednesday, June 13, 2018, Pope Francis named Gerald Lee Vincke, a priest of the Diocese of Lansing (based in Lansing, Michigan), who until then had been the parish priest (pastor) of the Holy Family Parish, in Grand Blanc, Michigan, as the Bishop of the Diocese of Salina, to succeed Edward Weisenburger. He was installed as bishop on August 22, 2018.
Bishops
Bishops of Concordia
Richard Scannell (1887–1891), appointed Bishop of Omaha
Thaddeus J. Butler (1897) (died before consecration)
John F. Cunningham (1898–1919)
Francis Joseph Tief (1920–1938)
Bishops of Salina
Francis Augustine Thill (1938–1957) (see change was in 1944)
Frederick William Freking (1957–1964), appointed Bishop of La Crosse
Cyril John Vogel (1965–1979)
Daniel Kucera, OSB (1980–1983), appointed Archbishop of Dubuque
George Kinzie Fitzsimons (1984–2004)
Paul Stagg Coakley (2004–2010), appointed Archbishop of Oklahoma City
Edward Joseph Weisenburger (2012–2017), appointed Bishop of Tucson
Gerald Lee Vincke (2018–present)
High schools
Sacred Heart High School, Salina
St. John's Catholic High School, Beloit
St. Xavier High School, Junction City
Thomas More Prep-Marian, Hays
Tipton Catholic High School, Tipton
Sex abuse investigation
In February 2019, it was announced that the Kansas Bureau of Investigation (KBI) had been investigating sex abuse allegations against all Catholic diocese in the state of Kansas, which includes the Diocese of Salina, since November 2018. On August 14, 2020, Melissa Underwood, spokeswoman for the KBI, stated in an email “As of Aug. 7, we have had 205 reports of abuse and have opened 120 cases.”
Ecclesiastical province
See: List of the Catholic bishops of the United States#Province of Kansas City
See also
Catholic Church by country
Catholic Church hierarchy
List of the Catholic dioceses of the United States
References
External links
Diocese of Salina Official Site
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Kansas City
Salina, Kansas
Salina
Salina
Salina
1887 establishments in Kansas
Batlug is a village in the municipality of Gračišće in Istria, Croatia.
According to the 2001 Croatian census, the village had 142 inhabitants and 42 family households.
References
Populated places in Istria County
Domba is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of south-western Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 8,107.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Turalići is a village in the municipality of Novi Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 35, all Bosniaks.
References
Populated places in Novi Travnik
The is a kei car produced by Mitsubishi Motors from December 1994 until June 2012.
Overview
Based on the platform of the Minica, the Pajero Mini was styled as a miniature version of the company's successful Pajero sport utility vehicle, in response to the SUV craze of the late 1980s and early 1990s. Compared to the full-sized original, the kei vehicle was considerably smaller and was fitted with petrol 660 cc four-cylinder engines.
The popularity of the vehicle inspired Mitsubishi to create several limited editions, including the "Iron Cross", "Desert Cruiser", "White Skipper" and "Duke".
First generation (1994; H51/56A)
The original Pajero Mini was first presented in December 1994. It was available with a choice of naturally aspirated or turbocharged 659 cc four-cylinder engines with . Front- or four-wheel drive were available, with 2WD models receiving the H51A model code and four-wheel drives being H56A. A larger-engined version with a wider track (and correspondingly larger fender flares) was presented in October 1995; this was sold as the Mitsubishi Pajero Junior. The turbocharged models were VR-I or VR-II depending on equipment levels, while the naturally aspirated versions were called XR-I and XR-II. The "-I" versions received little standard equipment and can easily be recognized by their steel wheels, black bumpers and other trim such as door handles and rear view mirrors, and minimal brightwork. The more expensive -II models were usually painted two-tone and often receive alloy wheels and various pieces of chrome trim.
In May 1996 the Pajero Mini "Skipper", a special version for urban and town use, was released. The name is a reference to Mitsubishi's Minica Skipper kei car coupé of the early 1970s. In December 1997, the Pajero Mini Duke was released. This had a somewhat more rugged appearance, including sturdy cladding along the sides and a grille with upright bars, a reference to Jeeps and Mitsubishi's history of license manufacturing the CJ-3B for four-and-a-half decades.
Second generation (1998; H53/58A)
In October 1998 the kei car regulations were again updated, and the Pajero Mini was widened and lengthened accordingly at the same time. The "Duke" special model was carried over; it now received a larger, deeper set grille with vertical rather than horizontal bars.
In Japan, the Pajero Mini was sold at a specific retail chain called Galant Shop. Since 2008 Mitsubishi has produced the , an OEM version of the Pajero Mini, expanding a similar deal already in place for the Mitsubishi eK/Nissan Otti.
Production of the Mitsubishi Pajero Mini ended in June 2012.
Annual production and sales
(Sources: Facts & Figures 2000, Facts & Figures 2001, Facts & Figures 2005, Facts & Figures 2009, Mitsubishi Motors website)
References
External links
Pajero Mini (Japanese)
Pajero Mini VR (4WD) specifications, Mitsubishi-motors.com
2000s cars
Pajero Mini
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Kei sport utility vehicles
Kei cars
Cars introduced in 1994
Vanessa Annelyse Ève Garcin (born 25 August 1980 in Sète, Hérault, France), better known by her stage name Ève Angeli is a French pop singer, who won an NRJ Music Award for Best New French Artist in 2000–2002.
Biography
She began her rise to fame on the television show Graines de star in 2010. Her star-making performance on the show led to a major-label recording contract with Sony Music and the eventual release of her debut single, "Avant de venir" in 2000.
The lead single from her forthcoming full-length album debut, "Aime-Moi" (2002), "Avant de Partir" was a Top Five hit on the French singles chart.
The follow-up single "Elle" was a major hit also, breaking into the Top Ten, and though successive singles "Je Sais" and "C'est Pour Ça" were less popular, the run of hit singles helped carry Aime-Moi to number 11 on the French albums chart.
In 2002 Angeli won the NRJ Music Award for Best New French Artist and released her second album, "Nos Différences", which spawned a modest hit with its title track, a bilingual collaboration with the British boy band A1.
Relative to her debut album, however, "Nos Différences" was a disappointment and Angeli subsequently receded from the spotlight for a couple years.
She re-emerged in 2004 with the reality TV show La Ferme Célébrités, a greatest-hits compilation "Le Meilleur d'Eve Angeli", and the new single "Une Chanson dans le Coeur," her biggest hit in years. Her third album, "Viens" (2005), followed, and while it spawned a couple modest hits with "Viens" and "Je Vais T'aimer," it continued to mark a downturn in Angeli's commercial success and concluded her association with Sony.
In subsequent years, Angeli published a book, Mes Evangélismes: Pensées d'une Blonde (2007), and released her first independent album, "Revolution" (2008).
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
See also
NRJ Music Awards
Artist's blog
1980 births
Living people
People from Sète
La Ferme Célébrités participants
Angeli, Eve
21st-century French singers
21st-century French women singers
The first Wahpeton (YTB-527), later YTM-527, was a harbor tug in commission from 1946 through at least 1981.
Wahpeton was laid down on 23 June 1945 at Jacksonville, Florida, by the Gibbs Gas Engine Company, Inc. She was launched on 29 September 1945, sponsored by Mrs. Emery H. Price, the wife of Congressman Emery H. Price, a member of the U.S. House Naval Affairs Committee, and was completed on 2 January 1946.
Listed as "out of service" with the Texas group of the National Defense Reserve Fleet as of March 1946, Wahpeton was activated in August 1946. She was assigned to the 6th Naval District and placed in service at Charleston, South Carolina, soon thereafter. She was reclassified as a medium harbor tug and redesignated YTM-527 in February 1962.
From 1968 until 1974, she was one of two U.S. Navy tugs in service as Wahpeton, the other being tugged .
Wahpeton was stricken from the Navy List on 31 December 1985.
References
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Sassaba-class tugs
Cold War auxiliary ships of the United States
Ships built in Jacksonville, Florida
1945 ships
The 2020 Copa Constitució was the 28th edition of the Andorran national football knockout tournament. The opening round of this edition of the cup was played on 19 January 2020 and the final was held on 29 July 2020.
Engordany were the defending champions after winning the final over FC Santa Coloma by a score of 2–0.
On 1 July, 2020, plans were finalized for the Copa Constitució to resume on 26 July 2020 after a long delay due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Andorra.
Schedule
First round
Eight clubs competed in the first round. The matches were played on 19 January 2020.
|}
Quarter–finals
Eight clubs competed in the quarter–finals. The matches were played from 25 January to 12 February 2020.
|}
Semi–finals
The four quarter–final winners competed in the semi–finals. The matches were played on 26 July 2020.
|}
Final
The final was played on 29 July 2020.
See also
2019–20 Primera Divisió
2019–20 Segona Divisió
External links
UEFA
References
Andorra
Cup
2020
Far gam was a male rhesus macaque and the second astronaut monkey launched into space by Iran in 2013. The mission was successful, and he returned to Earth alive and safe.
Technology
The launch of the Pajohesh rocket marked Iran's first use of liquid fuel in such an operation. The rocket reached an altitude of 72 miles before Far gam was returned to Earth safely.
Nominations for space mission
Launch report
The launch was by a Shahab-1 missile.
The animal's heart rate was between 90 and 110 beats per minute.
The animal's body temperature was about 37 °C.
The animal reached a height of 72 miles with the rocket before the animal was parachuted in the capsule.
After the mission, Tehran Small Animal Hospital Veterinary Medicine Veterinary experts examined the animal, and the results showed that he was healthy and in good physical condition.
Experts at the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) have confirmed Iran's success in sending a locally-built bio-capsule with a live monkey on board into space, the Head of Iran's Space Agency (ISA), Hamid Fazila, said on February 13.
History
In 2010, Iran also successfully sent a rat, turtle and worms into space. The launch of Pajohesh is considered a major step towards the Islamic Republic of Iran's goal of sending a man into space. At the time, the attempts had been touted as Iran's first step towards sending a man into space, which Tehran scheduled for 2020.
See also
Monkeys and apes in space
Animals in space
Iranian Space Agency
References
Animals in space
Space program of Iran
Animal testing in Iran
Dame Philippa Jill Olivier Harris (born 27 March 1967) is a British film and television producer/executive. She co-founded Neal Street Productions in 2003 with Sam Mendes and Caro Newling.
Harris was a script editor at ITV and Channel Four before becoming a development executive at BBC Films and then an executive producer for BBC Drama Serials. In that role her projects included Warriors and Love in a Cold Climate. Harris became Head of Drama Commissioning for the BBC in 2001. Commissions during her time there included Daniel Deronda and The Lost Prince.
Harris has executive produced several films including Things We Lost in the Fire and Revolutionary Road starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. For TV Harris produced Stuart: A Life Backwards featuring Tom Hardy and Benedict Cumberbatch and executive produced Call the Midwife, Penny Dreadful and The Hollow Crown and Britannia. Harris served as Adviser to the former leader of the Liberal Democrats Nick Clegg MP, with whom she had studied at Robinson College, Cambridge.
For the film 1917 directed by Sam Mendes, Harris received various accolades, including an Academy Award for Best Picture nomination, two BAFTA Awards and a Golden Globe Award.
In 2018, Harris was appointed Chair of BAFTA, after a year as the Deputy Chair and is a board member of the Royal Central School of Speech and Drama.
Early years
Harris is the granddaughter of medical doctor Noël Olivier. She was educated at Oxford High School for Girls and Robinson College, Cambridge, where she graduated with a degree in English in 1989.
Career
Pippa Harris started her career as a production assistant at Jacaranda Productions in 1989 and progressed quickly through roles as a script editor for ITV and Channel 4 before becoming development executive at BBC Films. She was then promoted to Executive Producer, BBC Drama Serials. Harris worked on Warriors (1999), Care (2000), The Sleeper (2000) The Way We Live Now (2001) and Love in a Cold Climate (2001).
In 2001, Harris became Head of Drama Commissioning for the BBC, working with Jane Tranter. Her BBC commissions included Cutting It (2002), Flesh and Blood (2002), Daniel Deronda (2002), The Lost Prince (2003) and State of Play (2003).
In 2003, Pippa Harris co-founded Neal Street Productions with partners Sam Mendes and Caro Newling. Since forming the company, Harris has produced several films, including Jarhead (2005), Starter for 10 (2006) and Blood (2012). She has executive produced Things We Lost in the Fire (2007), Revolutionary Road (2008) and Away We Go (2009).
For television, Harris has produced Stuart: A Life Backwards (2007) as well as the frightening psychological thriller, Penny Dreadful created and written by John Logan for Showtime / Sky Atlantic. She also executively produced the critically acclaimed, BAFTA nominated Shakespeare film series, The Hollow Crown (2012) and The Hollow Crown: The War of the Roses (2016), as well as Britannia (2018) which was the first co-production between Sky and Amazon Prime Video in 2018, starring Kelly Reilly, David Morrissey, Zoë Wanamaker, Liana Cornell and Stanley Weber.
Harris continues to executive produce the hugely successful, BAFTA- and NTA-winning Call the Midwife which has returned for a ninth season in 2020.
She is the editor of her grandmother's correspondence with poet Rupert Brooke between 1908 and 1915.
Damehood
Harris was elevated to a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2015 Dissolution Honours Lists on 27 August 2015.
Board memberships
Pippa Harris is Chair of BAFTA, and sits on their board as well after having previously chaired the film committee. Since 2021, Pippa Harris has been Chair of Trustees at Charleston.
She is also a governor of Central School of Speech and Drama, and a Trustee of the Creative Society.
Accolades
Academy Award for Best Picture nomination for 1917
BAFTA Award for Best Film for 1917
BAFTA Award for Outstanding British Film for 1917
Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama for 1917
Producers Guild Award for Outstanding Producer of Theatrical Motion Pictures for 1917
References
Bibliography
Full text on Internet Archive
External links
Interview in The Guardian, UK
1967 births
Alumni of Robinson College, Cambridge
British film producers
British television producers
British women television producers
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Filmmakers who won the Best Film BAFTA Award
Golden Globe Award-winning producers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Happy New Year is the eighth studio album by alternative rock band Oneida. It was released in 2006 through Jagjaguwar.
Track listing
"Distress" – 3:21
"Happy New Year" – 2:33
"The Adversary" – 5:15
"Up With People" – 7:49
"Pointing Fingers" – 2:06
"History's Great Navigators" – 4:28
"Busy Little Bee" – 2:59
"Reckoning" – 2:52
"You Can Never Tell" – 2:28
"The Misfit" – 3:16
"Thank Your Parents" – 7:00
References
2006 albums
Manek Premchand is an Indian writer and historian of film music at St. Xavier's College, Mumbai, who has written several books pertaining to the history of Indian film music and biographies of musicians. He has hosted shows on WorldSpace Satellite Radio and been a consultant with Saregama.
In 2003 he completed his first book, Yesterday's Melodies, Today's Memories, with the aim of giving songwriters, singers and composers credit. It was followed by Musical Moments from Hindi Films (2006). In 2010 he became part of the Mohammed Rafi Academy's governing body and two years later produced Romancing the Song (2012). He contributed an essay on Shivkumar Sharma in Shiv Kumar Sharma: The Man and His Music (2014), and released a biography of Talat Mahmood the following year. In Hitting the Right Notes (2016) he focusses on songwriters and composers, the difference the music made and the trends they produced. He devoted a chapter to Mubarak Begum in The Hindi Music Jukebox: Exploring Unforgettable Songs (2018) and has published a biography of Hemant Kumar in 2020.
Early life and education
Manek Premchand spent his early childhood in Delhi as the youngest of six children. He was introduced to music by his mother who used to sing. By the age of ten, he had moved to Mumbai, where he became acquainted with the nearby qawwali singer Jaani Babu Qawwal, who arranged for him to learn the bulbul tarang. His education has included a diploma in journalism and an arts degree from the University of Mumbai. He received a two-year Senior Fellowship from the Ministry of Culture on the subject The Changing Face of Lyrics in Hindi Cinema. Prior to his career in writing he spent many years abroad.
He is married to Lata Jagtiani, a writer and author of several books including Sindhi Reflections and Bhagavad Gita in 365 Days.
Career
Premchand has hosted shows on WorldSpace Satellite Radio and been a consultant with Saregama, for whom he has compiled CDs. He is an adviser to Manipal University Press. Manipal Film Festival (April 2013), organised by Communication Management Students of Manipal Institute of Communication (MIC) to celebrate 100 Years of Cinema, invited him as a speaker and honored him at the event. For students at Manipal University, he has lectured on several subjects, especially on The Evolution of Music in Hindi Cinema. He hosted a commemoration of 100 Years of Cinema arranged by Bhavans Kala Kendra, Mumbai. He did a video presentation as a salute to the city of Bombay (now Mumbai) for The Asiatic Society of Mumbai. Among the film and music related events he has anchored was an event to honor stars of yesteryear Shammi Kapoor, Waheeda Rehman and Vyjayanthimala, reported in The Financial Express. He has hosted an evening to celebrate yesteryear's playback singer Sudha Malhotra. He conceptualized and anchored a show at the birth centenary of lyricist and poet Sahir Ludhianvi in March 2021. He has conversed with composer Anandji and singer Usha Timothy on The Indian Performing Rights Society (IPRS) platform, a non-profit organization of authors, composers and music publishers.
He was the Guest of Honour to celebrate the music of composers Laxmikant-Pyarelal. He has been invited as a guest on television shows related to music personalities from Hindi cinema like Shankar-Jaikishan, Talat Mahmood, Jan Nisar Akhtar, Kishore Kumar, Mohammed Rafi among them. Even television shows on different themes like Bollywood's Top 20 Rain Songs. He has been a guest speaker at several Rotary Club meets, outlining the changing trends in music over the past about 90 years. He has arranged several interactive audiovisual presentations for Asiatic Society of Mumbai, including one on Mohammad Rafi, on the singer's death anniversary on 31 July 2021 and on actor-filmmaker Dev Anand, on 12 February 2022. He was interviewed by the BBC after the passing away of santoor maestro Pt Shiv Kumar Sharma. Earlier, Premchand's contribution to the santoor exponent's biography was termed "fascinating" by The Free Press Journal.
Manek Premchand teaches broadcasting to post-graduate students at Xavier Institute of Communications, a part of St. Xavier's College, Mumbai, where he is a historian of film music. He served as a Jury Member for the Bengaluru Film Festival in March 2022.
Writing
Among the publications he wrote for were Hindustan Times, Mumbai Mirror, and Deccan Herald. He had a weekly column with DNA Jaipur to which he contributed film and music related articles. Among his essays is one about the contribution of Parsis in Hindi cinema, and an article on Dilip Kumar with a focus on his musical prowess and abilities for The Indian Performing Right Society Limited (IPRS).
Premchand began writing his first book, Yesterday's Melodies, Today's Memories, in January 1997, with the aim of giving songwriters, lyricists and singers of what he calls "the golden era of Hindi film music", credit. It took almost seven years to complete and was released in 2003. In his research he interviewed several people including singer Manna Dey, poet Majrooh and lyricist and composer Prem Dhawan. He estimated that 4,334 Hindi films made between 1930 and 1970 depicted around 36,000 songs. The book was described as having "excellent short sketches of the major composers, singers lyricist and arrangers" in Bollywood travels of Hindi song and dance. In 2018, the book saw its third reprint with enhanced content. While Gregory D Booth, the author of Behind the Curtain: Making Music in Mumbai's Film Studios (Oxford University Press, 2009), mentions Premchand's book several times in his own book, it has also been cited as a reference point for Booth's book. It was followed by Musical Moments from Hindi Films (2006), released by Hema Malini.
In 2010 Mohammed Rafi's son Shahid Rafi launched the Mohammed Rafi Academy with Premchand as part of the academy's governing body. Two years later Premchand produced Romancing the Song (2012), a large book that plots the journey of lyrics over 80 years of cinema, in which he clarifies who really was the male voice in Kismet's "Dheere Dheere Aa". He wrote a third of the 2014 book Shiv Kumar Sharma: The Man and His Music, a biography of Shivkumar Sharma, alongside a piece by Pandit Vijay Kichlu.
In 2015, he released a biography of Talat Mahmood, published by Manipal University. It contains chapters written by Mahmood's daughter Sabina Talat Mahmood Rana, and son Khalid Talat Mahmood. Mahmood was a favourite of his and his mother and he stated in an interview that "my book on him was a way of saying 'Thanks Talatji, for the hundreds of hours you gave me joy... and sometimes tears'." The following year he produced Hitting the Right Notes (2016), which reveals who blew the whistle in Kati Patang'''s "Ye shaam mastani". The book focusses on songwriters and composers, the difference the music made and the trends they produced.
His 2018 The Hindi Music Jukebox: Exploring Unforgettable Songs devotes one chapter to Mubarak Begum. In 2020, he released the biography of Hemant Kumar in a book titled The Unforgettable Music of Hemant Kumar. Gulzar has written the Foreword for two of Manek Premchand's books – Romancing the Song (2012) and The Unforgettable Music of Hemant Kumar (2020). In his foreword to Premchand's book Romancing the Song, Dadasaheb Phalke award winner, filmmaker-lyricist Gulzar has compared the work with Jawaharlal Nehru's The Discovery of India. For his book The Unforgettable Music of Hemant Kumar, santoor maestro Padma Vibhushan awardee Pt Shiv Kumar Sharma has called Manek Premchand the Munshi Premchand of Hindi cinema.
His book Majrooh Sultanpuri: The Poet for all Reasons on the work of the Hindi film lyricist and poet, was published in December 2021. When asked why the word Reasons instead of the generally used Seasons, the author said, "While there are only 4 seasons, there can be far many more reasons. A poet for happiness and misery, but also for hope and despair, spirituality and love, dignity and doom, the whole range of human emotions. Majrooh offers us nuances of all these and more. I felt Reasons was more apt here." The book offers clarity on the often misunderstood poetic forms of the ghazal, rubai and nazm. "There are detailed chapters on ghazals and nazms (in both of which Premchand does an excellent job of explaining the technicalities around these two forms of Urdu poetry.)" A review of the book: "...the meat of the book for those who love the world of words, is dissection, interpretation of the poetry, imagery, detailed description with reference to the scene of the film, for hundreds of songs in a number of chapters on different themes." Another review declares the book "a joy forever".
Released in January 2022, his latest book, Windows to the Soul: and other essays on Music, a collection of essays on music, tells us why the tambourine can't play sad music, presents singer Mukesh's fascination for Raag Darbari, explores the music-inspiring "popular charmer Marine Drive", and urges the & B Ministry to posthumously confer the Bharat Ratna on composer Madan Mohan.
Publications
Books Yesterday's Melodies, Today's Memories, (2003), including a guest article by MV Kamath and a foreword by Ameen SayaniMusical Moments from Hindi Films (2006), including Foreword by KhayyamRomancing the Song (2012), with a foreword by Gulzar, a Keynote by L K Advani, Curtain Raiser by Ameen Sayani and Last Word by Shivkumar SharmaShiv Kumar Sharma: The Man and His Music (2014). (Contributor)Talat Mahmood: The Velvet Voice (2015)Hitting the Right Notes: Hindi Cinema's Golden Music (2016)The Hindi Music Jukebox: Exploring Unforgettable Songs (2018)Yesterday's Melodies, Today's Memories (Revised Third Edition, 2018)The Unforgettable Music of Hemant Kumar (2020)Majrooh Sultanpuri, The Poet For All Reasons (2021)Windows to the Soul: and other essays on Music (2022) Articles
The Only Film Mahatma Gandhi Saw Songs of Life, Sweet And Sour Pt Shiv Kumar SharmaMeeting Dilip SaabThe other Kishore Kumar, surrounded by sadnessMemories of Another DayA Rare GreatnessThe World Did Not End on 21st December 2012Daan Singh: Forgotten Melody''
References
Historians of South Asia
20th-century Indian historians
21st-century Indian historians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Indian film historians
Music historians
21st-century Indian biographers
University of Mumbai alumni
Olay, previously Oil of Olay, Oil of Olaz, Oil of Ulan or Oil of Ulay, is an American skin care brand owned by Procter & Gamble. For the 2009 fiscal year, which ended on June 30, Olay accounted for an estimated $2.8 billion of P&G's revenue.
Early days
Olay originated in South Africa as Oil of Olay. Graham Wulff (1916–2008), a former Unilever chemist from Durban, started it in 1952. He chose the name "Oil of Olay" as a spin on the word "lanolin", a key ingredient.
It was unique in the early days because it was a pink fluid rather than a cream, packaged in a heavy glass bottle. Wulff and his marketing partner, Jack Lowe, a former copywriter, had tested the product on their wives and friends and were confident in its uniqueness and quality.
Olay's marketing was also unique, since it was never described as a moisturizer, nor even as beauty fluid. Nowhere on the packaging did it say what the product actually did. Print advertisements used copy such as "Share the secret of a younger looking you" and talked about the "beauty secret" of Oil of Olay. Other advertisements were written as personal messages to the reader from a fictitious advice columnist named Margaret Merril. They ran in Reader's Digest and newspapers and often looked like editorials.
Wulff and Lowe, who ran the company under the banner of Adams National Industries (ANI), did not sell the product to the trade. It instead waited for pharmacies to ask for it based on consumer requests.
As the company began to market the product internationally, ANI decided to modify the name of the product in each country so it would sound pleasing and realistic to consumers. This led to the introduction of Oil of Ulay (UK and Ireland), Oil of Ulan (Australia) and Oil of Olaz (France, Italy, the Netherlands and Germany). In 1970, ANI opened a test market in the US (Chicago) and was expanding into northern Germany.
1970–1985
Richardson Merrell Inc (later Richardson-Vicks Inc) acquired ANI in November 1970. RVI capitalized the "Oil" and added the sub-name "Beauty Fluid" to help protect the trademark. They further added a sales force and created TV advertising. The company extended the product range to include items such as Night of Ulay and Beauty Cleanser and expanded into more countries (Spain, France, and Germany).
The result of Richardson Merrell's efforts was a dramatic increase in sales. However, as with many brands, the business was not uniformly managed, so there were differences in performance between countries.
1985–2000
RVI was acquired by Procter & Gamble in 1985. P&G greatly expanded Olay both in the line-up and internationally. Olay became P&G's 13th billion dollar brand in 2013.
Since then, the range has been expanded to include a full range of hypoallergenic variants, cleansers and creams. The brand also includes soap, and body wash. Olay Cosmetics was launched in 1996 but discontinued in 2001.
Name change
In 1999, P&G decided to unify the brand under a global name. Thus, Oil of Ulan and Ulay became Olay on a worldwide basis, except in German-speaking regions and Italy, where it remained "Oil of Olaz". In the Netherlands and Belgium, it renamed to just "Olaz".
2000 to present
In October 2000, Olay launched in the Philippines. In August 2007, Olay was launched in India. From 2010 to 2020, Oil of OLAZ was simply been known as OLAZ in German-speaking countries. Slogan: "Olaz lässt Sie strahlen." (Lit.: "Olaz lets you shine.") Since 2020 OLAZ is also been marketed as OLAY in German-speaking countries.
In 2019, Sarah Hyland partnered with Olay for a skin product campaign.
Ingredients
Olay uses many different ingredients in the production of their skin care line. The main ingredients used include retinyl propionate (vitamin A derivative), glycerin, niacinamide (vitamin B3), broad spectrum sunscreen, and amino peptides.
Brand and industry awards
In 2011, Olay ranked in 1st place among 50 of the industry leaders in Brand Finance's Top 50 Cosmetic Brands. A more recent report, dated 2021, has Olay maintaining its high position, ranking 19th in the Top 50.
See also
List of Procter & Gamble brands
Masstige
References
External links
Official website
Procter & Gamble brands
History of cosmetics
Products introduced in 1952
Skin care brands
Vasile Milea (1 January 1927 – 22 December 1989) was a Romanian politician and military general who was Nicolae Ceaușescu's Minister of Defence during the Romanian Revolution of 1989 and was involved in the reprisal phase of the Revolution that caused the deaths of 162 people.
Milea committed suicide. However, several members of his family claimed that he was killed on the orders of Ceaușescu. Milea was already in severe disfavour for sending troops to quell the uprising in Timișoara without ammunition. Whatever the case, Milea's death caused the rank-and-file soldiers to go over almost en masse to the revolution, effectively ending the Communist rule in Romania.
A report from 2005 after a full investigation including a post-mortem concluded that Milea killed himself using the weapon of one of his attendants. It was suggested that he only tried to incapacitate himself in order to be relieved from office, but the bullet hit an artery and he died soon afterwards.
A boulevard in Sector 6 of Bucharest used to be named after him until 2021. A street in Ploiești is still named after him.
References
Works
Vasile Milea, Victor Atanasiu, România în anii primului război mondial: caracterul drept, eliberator al participării României la război, vol. 2, Ed. Militară, Bucharest, 1987.
1927 births
1989 suicides
Chiefs of the General Staff of Romania
People from Argeș County
People of the Romanian Revolution
Romanian Land Forces generals
Romanian Ministers of Defence
Romanian communists
Members of the Great National Assembly
Deaths by firearm in Romania
In Athabaskan mythology, Asintmah is an earth and nature goddess; the first woman on Earth.
Asintmah Corona
In 2006, the International Astronomical Union's Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature (IAU/WGPSN) officially adopted the name Asintmah for a corona on the planet Venus.
Asintmah Corona is located at latitude 25.9° North, longitude 208.0° West. The diameter of this surface feature is .
External links
IAU/WGPSN Planetary Feature Nomenclature Database, USGS Branch of Astrogeology, Flagstaff, Arizona.
Goddesses of the indigenous peoples of North America
Earth goddesses
Nature goddesses
Alexander Dickson (born 1 October 1962) is a Scottish former boxer who represented Great Britain at the 1984 Summer Olympics and in his professional career was British lightweight champion between 1987 and 1988.
Career
Amateur
Born in Bellshill and fighting out of the Larkhall ABC, Dickson won the ABA lightweight title in 1984 and represented Great Britain at the Olympics that year in Los Angeles, losing to eventual silver medallist Luis Ortíz of Puerto Rico in the third round.
Professional
Dickson made his professional debut in January 1985, a point win over Tyrell Wilson. After winning his first 13 fights he faced Tony Willis in September 1987 for the latter's British lightweight title. Dickson took a points decision to become British champion. He made his first defence of the title in February 1988 against fellow Scot Steve Boyle, with the Scottish Area title also at stake; Boyle knocked Dickson out in the second round.
Dickson won three of his next four fights, and after moving up to light welterweight, challenged for Tim Burgess's WBA Inter-Continental title in November 1989, the fight ending in a draw. Dickson returned in May 1990 with a win over Dave Pierre, and in September met Tony Ekubia for the latter's Commonwealth title and the vacant British title. Ekubia knocked Dickson out in the eleventh round. This proved to be Dickson's final fight.
Dickson's identical twin brother John was also a professional boxer.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Scottish male boxers
Lightweight boxers
Light-welterweight boxers
Boxers at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Scotland
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Great Britain
Sportspeople from Bellshill
Twin sportspeople
Twin people from Scotland
Stare Lipki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 370.
References
Stare Lipki
Payal Jangid (age 9) is an Indian children's rights activist. She campaigns against child marriage, child labor and for the right to education for girls.
Life
Payal Jangid was born in Hinsla in Rajasthan's Alwar district, India. In 2012, Hinsla became a Bal Mitra Gram (child-friendly village), a concept forwarded by Kailash Satyarthi and his children's foundation since 2001; this provided inspiration to Payal. When she was 11, she prevented her own child marriage and went on to prevent the child marriage of her sister as well with the help of Sumedha Kailash and her children's trust. She became the leader (Sarpanch/President) of the Bal Panchayat (children's parliament) in her area, consisting of children from a number of nearby villages. The Bal Panchayat takes up local issues and also coordinates with the Gram Panchayats. Following her first election she became a Deputy Spinach . She was told about various issues that the children faced,
Her efforts have helped her village become child marriage free. In 2013 she was chosen as a jury member for the World's Children's Prize for the Rights of the Child in 2013. In 2017, Reebok honoured her with its 'Young Achiever Award'. In 2019 she was awarded a Goalkeepers Changemaker Award, the youngest Changemaker awardee.
References
Indian children's rights activists
Activists from Rajasthan
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Unterdießen is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany. It is located just west of the river Lech.
References
Landsberg (district)
The JCB Classic was a professional golf tournament held near Sendai in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan. It was founded in 1972 as the Tohoku Classic, and was an event on the Japan Golf Tour from 1973 until 2007.
The Tohoku Classic was held at Nishisendai Country Club until 1987. In 1988 it moved to Omotezao Kokusai Golf Club and was renamed the Sendai Classic; sponsored as the JCB Classic Sendai from 1990. The final event, in 2007, was held at Hananomori Golf Club as the JCB Classic and the prize fund was ¥100,000,000 with ¥20,000,000 going to the winner.
Tournament hosts
Winners
References
External links
JCB Classic official site
Coverage on the Japan Golf Tour's official site
Former Japan Golf Tour events
Defunct golf tournaments in Japan
Sport in Miyagi Prefecture
Recurring sporting events established in 1972
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2007
In UK politics, a parliamentary assistant is an unelected partisan member of staff employed by a Member of Parliament (MP) to assist them with their parliamentary duties. Parliamentary assistants usually work at the House of Commons in the UK Parliament or in their MP's constituency office.
Duties
The duties of parliamentary assistants vary significantly depending on the MPs they work for and their position in Parliament; but generally they facilitate the day-to-day working life of their MP and make it as efficient as possible. The office in which a parliamentary assistant is based may determine the type of work they do.
Alternative titles and pay
MPs may distinguish between parliamentary assistants in terms of seniority. For example, some MPs differentiate between parliamentary assistants and senior parliamentary assistants. Parliamentary assistants may also be called parliamentary researchers if they are principally tasked with conducting research.
Salaries for MPs' staff are set by the MP they work for, but must be within the bounds of the pay scales set by the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority.
Controversies
In recent years, there has been controversy over the tradition of MPs hiring their family members as parliamentary assistants. In 2017, it was revealed that one in five MPs employed a member of their family, despite the practice being banned for new MPs before the 2017 general election.
See also
Downing Street Chief of Staff
Parliamentary secretary
Permanent secretary
Private Secretary
References
Politics of the United Kingdom
Alfred James Pittard (known as Jim Pittard) (3 August 1868 – 16 May 1950) was an Australian politician.
He was born in Ballarat West to bootmaker James Alfred Pittard and Annie Drew. He followed his father into the shoemaking business, and eventually took over the family firm. He served on Ballarat East Town Council from 1901 to 1919 (mayor 1913–14, 1920–21) and Ballarat City Council from 1919 to 1927 (mayor 1926–27). On 6 March 1895 he had married Alice Mary Crocker, with whom he had two children; one of them, Alan, would later serve a term in the Australian House of Representatives. In 1931 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Council for Wellington, moving to Ballarat Province in 1937. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1946, and retired from politics in 1949. Pittard died in Ballarat in 1950.
References
1868 births
1950 deaths
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council
Australian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Dangerous Summer () is a 2000 Latvian film directed by Aigars Grauba starring Inese Cauna, Uldis Dumpis, Eduards Pāvuls, Jānis Reinis, and Artūrs Skrastiņš.
Plot
Set in Riga, the capital of Latvia, the film tells a tragic love story before and during the Soviet occupation of Latvia in 1940 and the early stages of World War II. Roberts (Artūrs Skrastiņš), a radio journalist, falls in love with Baltic German student Isolde (Inese Cauna), who's about to be deported to Germany. Isolde is torn between her love for Roberts and her chance at escaping for Germany with the help of Latvian foreign minister Vilhelms Munters (Uldis Dumpis).
References
External links
2000 films
Latvian drama films
Films directed by Aigars Grauba
Metepilysta is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Metepilysta enganensis Breuning, 1970
Metepilysta negrosensis Breuning, 1970
References
Apomecynini
Sultan Azim ud-Din II (reigned 1763–1764, 1778–1791), was the 21st Sultan of Sulu. He was the son of Sultan Bantilan Muizz ud-Din, and cousin to Sultan Muhammad Israil ud-Din.
After the death of Sultan Bantilan Muizz ud-Din in 1763, he became the Sultan of Sulu; which lasted until 1764 when the British forced the restoration of the former Sultan Azim ud-Din I.
In 1778, he poisoned his cousin and the reigning Sultan Muhammad Israil ud-Din which led to his proclamation as the new sultan for the second time.
References
Sultans of Sulu
Filipino datus, rajas and sultans
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Filipino Muslims
Joe DeVito (born December 1, 1968) is a stand-up comedian and writer living on Long Island, New York.
DeVito is a 1990 graduate of Fairfield University where he was a writer and editor for the Fairfield Mirror.
In 2006, DeVito was featured on Comedy Central's Live at Gotham and appeared at the Montreal "Just for Laughs" Comedy Festival in the New Faces program. In 2007, he was a semifinalist on NBC's Last Comic Standing season 5. He has also appeared on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on CBS, Animal Planet and CNN.
DeVito's debut album is called First Date with Joe DeVito.
Since 2020, DeVito has been a frequent panelist guest on the late-night talk show Gutfeld! on Fox News (formerly known as The Greg Gutfeld Show).
References
External links
Official website
American male comedians
21st-century American comedians
Living people
Fairfield University alumni
1968 births
Babette March (born 1941), pronounced Marx, born Barbara Marchlowitz, formerly Babette Russell, or simply Babette, who is now known by the name Babette Beatty, was the first Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue cover model. She was on the swimsuit issue cover of the January 20, 1964, issue.
Early life
According to Sports Illustrated, she was born in Berlin and raised in Brazil, Germany and Canada. According to her website, March was born in Berlin in 1941, moved to Rio de Janeiro 1949, traveled from 1959 to 1961, lived in Manhattan from 1961 to 1979, lived in Montreal from 1979 to 1986, resided in Palm Beach, Florida, and Naples, Italy, from 1986 to 1992, after which she moved to Halfway, Oregon.
Modelling career
She started modelling in early 1962, beginning with a shoot for Weekend Magazine. By 1963 she was working for leading fashion magazines. She moved to a Park Avenue New York City apartment; eventually, she and her boyfriend settled in New York City.
According to a Sports Illustrated retrospective and other corroborating sources, in her prime, she was the "highest-paid model of her day" while working for Ford Models. In the mid-1960s, she was earning $85,000 a year. Eileen Ford describes March as the first elite photographic model that she recalls with gapped teeth. She was known for living the high life and for partying with the likes of Mick Jagger and Andy Warhol.
After modelling
In 1976, she retired from modelling, then moved to a farm outside Montreal where she raised pedigreed cattle, 40 sheep, 80 chickens and ducks, three horses, 14 dogs, and 18 cats. She then married Dale Beatty, an architect, and settled in Halfway, Oregon, where she and her husband opened a bakery, restaurant, and art gallery. She has become a highly regarded chef, according to Oregon Public Broadcasting. Her renovation, restoration and rejuvenation of the landmark bed & breakfast, art centre, bakery and restaurant was featured on a 30-minute Home & Garden Television channel show. Her art work has been featured on the label of a line of wines.
References
External links
Babette's Gallery - official web site
American female models
People from Halfway, Oregon
Models from Berlin
German emigrants to Brazil
German people of Brazilian descent
1941 births
Living people
Female models from Oregon
21st-century American women
"Gem Harvest" is the eighth episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series Steven Universe. A special double-length episode, it was written and storyboarded by Raven M. Molisee, Paul Villeco, Hilary Florido, and Lauren Zuke. The episode was first broadcast on Cartoon Network on November 17, 2016, and was viewed by 1.385 million viewers.
In this episode, Steven Universe meets his grumpy, intolerant uncle Andy, who is upset with the loss of his family's closeness and traditions, and attempts to make him feel welcome as part of Steven's family of extraterrestrial magical Gems. The episode was controversial among critics for its addition of an apparently bigoted character to the diverse and accepting world of Steven Universe, especially in the context of what they perceived to be a growing influence of bigotry in contemporary politics.
Plot
Steven (Zach Callison) visits Peridot (Shelby Rabara) and Lapis Lazuli (Jennifer Paz), Gems who have fled the Gem Homeworld, at the barn that they have made into their home. Peridot and Lapis have taken up farming, but they are dismayed to learn that vegetables do not come to life walking and talking. Steven, using his power to create sentient plants, licks a pumpkin seed. The next morning, it has come to life as a barking pumpkin-dog, which Peridot and Lapis adopt as a pet.
Just then, a biplane lands near the barn. The pilot (Dave Willis) emerges, ranting indignantly about the modifications Lapis and Peridot have made to the structure. He denounces them as hobos and hippies squatting on his property. Lapis and Peridot prepare to attack him while Steven calls his father, Greg (Tom Scharpling), for help.
When Greg arrives with Garnet (Estelle), Amethyst (Michaela Dietz), and Pearl (Deedee Magno Hall), he introduces the pilot as his cousin, Andy DeMayo. Though delighted to learn Steven is his nephew, Andy is angry at Greg for separating himself from their family, and for allowing "illegal aliens" to live in the barn. He reminisces about the annual family reunions the DeMayos used to hold at the barn, and so Steven offers to prepare a festive dinner to convince Andy to let Lapis and Peridot stay. The Gems begin harvesting vegetables and preparing the meal; but tensions rise between the Gems and Andy when Peridot and Pearl build a stove by disassembling an airplane engine that was a valued memento of Andy's parents.
The Gems leave to buy party supplies, and Andy begins to relax, telling Steven about his love of flying. When the Gems return with a confused assortment of wedding, baby shower, and funeral supplies, Andy takes it in stride. But at dinner, Andy is alienated by the Gems' strangeness and confused by their in-jokes, and when they thank each other for helping prepare dinner, Andy is left out. Feeling excluded, Andy leaves in his plane.
Steven has Lapis fly him up to Andy's plane. In mid-air, Andy tells Steven about his frustration that other members of his family have moved on; Steven tells Andy that he wants to be part of the family and get to know his uncle. When Steven slips and falls off the plane, Andy dives to catch him. As they fly back to the barn, Andy admits that he bears some responsibility himself for losing touch with family. The Gems awkwardly welcome him back, and Greg and Andy reconcile and embrace.
Production
Episodes of Steven Universe are written by their storyboard artists. As a 23-minute episode, "Gem Harvest" had a larger storyboard team than a typical 11-minute episode, including Raven M. Molisee, Paul Villeco, Hilary Florido, and Lauren Zuke. Dave Willis guest-starred in the role of Uncle Andy; some critics noted a similarity between Willis's performance as Andy and his role as Carl Brutananadilewski on Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
Reception
"Gem Harvest" met with a mixed reception from critics. Reviewers noted that the episode's theme, focusing on welcoming a bigoted older relative to a family dinner and helping him learn to accept other ways of life, was timely to the upcoming Thanksgiving holiday; but several found this narrative to be uncomfortable or in bad taste in the context of its broadcast shortly after the 2016 United States presidential election.
Eric Thurm, reviewing the episode for The A.V. Club, gave it a grade of B, calling it "sweet but somewhat lacking". He praised the episode's theme of the flexibility of what family can mean, as well as its successful inclusion of a large cast of characters and the complexity of Greg's relationship with Andy. On the other hand, he describes Andy's character as thinly drawn, and calls the episode "disingenuous" in implying that prejudices such as those Andy exhibits—his contempt for "hippies" and immigrants, and support for "traditional marriage"—can be as easily overcome as the episode portrays. He compared the episode negatively to "Bismuth", the previous double-length special.
Vrai Kaiser, writing for The Mary Sue, disliked the episode. They felt that the episode was inappropriate for a world in which conservative politics such as Andy's were ascendant, finding its narrative of reconciliation unrealistically optimistic. Although they respected the writers' attempt to tackle "larger, darker" thematic issues, they felt the episode "bit off way, way more than it could chew" in attempting to do so.
Writing for ComicsAlliance, Elle Collins and Katie Schenkel found the episode's timing "cringeworthy" and its message "simplistic", finding it hard to sympathize with Andy in the context of contemporary politics; they said the episode would have been better if some of Andy's reactionary attitudes had been omitted. However, they did enjoy the portrayal of Peridot and Lapis's relationship, and appreciated Andy's character development over the course of the episode.
On the other hand, Mey Rude, writing for Autostraddle, reviewed the episode positively. She characterized Andy as a "Trump voter", noting his antipathy to non-traditional families, vegetarians, and "illegal aliens", and valued the episode's narrative for providing hope that such a character could be persuaded to accept the "completely non-nuclear family" of the Gems. Zach Blumenfeld, writing for Paste, agreed, calling the episode "exactly what the country needs right now", praising the episode for its emphasis on the importance of empathy for connecting with those who fear change.
References
2016 American television episodes
Steven Universe episodes
Stefan Ertl (born 21 April 1969) is a retired German football player. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach and 1. FC Kaiserslautern.
Honours
Bundesliga champion: 1997–98
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Borussia Mönchengladbach players
SC Fortuna Köln players
1. FC Kaiserslautern II players
1. FC Kaiserslautern players
Kickers Offenbach players
Karlsruher SC players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
German football managers
Wormatia Worms managers
Rocky Taylor (born Laurie Taylor; 28 February 1945) is an English stuntman and actor.
Career
His first appearance as a stuntman was an uncredited role in Dr. No. He has since been a stuntman for many famous and successful films including multiple James Bond and Indiana Jones films, A Bridge Too Far, Titanic, The Da Vinci Code, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 and the HBO television series Game of Thrones. He has also had minor acting roles in 40 films, including doubling for Roger Moore and Sean Connery in James Bond films. He is also known for playing the original Honey Monster in a series of commercials for Sugar Puffs.
Taylor currently holds the record for being the oldest stuntman in Britain, with 35 years as a stunt performer and 20 years as a stunt coordinator. He appeared on Russell Howard's Good News in 2011 to discuss his career.
Accidents
Taylor suffered a fractured spine in 1985 when a stunt on the film Death Wish 3 went wrong, but survived the fall from a burning building. He performed the stunt successfully 26 years later in 2011.
Personal life
Taylor was born in Bermondsey, South East London, England. His father Larry was also a stuntman, appearing in several films, including Zulu.
In April 2019, Rocky released his official biography, Jump Rocky Jump, with Pegasus Elliot Mackenzie Publishers.
On 2 April 2020, Taylor was reported to be in "critical condition" after contracting COVID-19.
Selective filmography
References
External links
Official website
1945 births
Living people
People from Weybridge
English stunt performers
English male film actors
English male television actors
Male actors from Surrey
The Panchathan Record Inn and AM Studios is composer/music director A. R. Rahman's studios on his street at Kodambakkam, Chennai in Tamil Nadu.
History
The Inn was established in 1989, attached to Rahman's backyard, and developed into one of the most developed studios in Asia. Located very close to his home, it houses equipment like the Euphonix System 5 Audio Mixing system. The studio has been designed by Studio 440 and the state of the art equipment is from Daxco Digital. His team includes acclaimed sound engineers of Chennai film music including the late H. Sridhar, Mani Sharma, S. Sivakumar, Aditya Modi, A. S. Laxmi Narayanan, S. Saisarvajith, J. Ravinder, his manager Noell James, and Co-Ordinator Samidurai.
In 2005, A. R. Rahman built a new studio associating with Mani Sharma, part of a redevelopment and extension project of the inn, called AM Studios. Mixing takes place at both the inn and the commercial A. M Studios for films. Other music directors use AM Studios for recording. Rahman also owns newly built KM Musiq Studios in Mumbai, London and Los Angeles where he has also mixed scores.
In 2013, AM Studios acquired a Barco Auro 11.1 system to enhance its 3D sound recording capabilities. The sound mixing for the Tamil film Maryan whose score was composed by A. R. Rahman himself.
Rahman's engineers
H.Sreedhar-sound engineer
Sivakumar - Sound engineer
Suresh perumal - Sound engineer
Karthik sekaran - Sound engineer
References
A. R. Rahman
Recording studios in India
The African Mathematical Union or Union Mathematique Africaine is an African organization dedicated to the development of mathematics in Africa. It was founded in 1976 in Rabat, Morocco, during the first Pan-African Congress of Mathematicians with Henri Hogbe Nlend as its first President. Another key figure in its early years was George Saitoti, later a prominent Kenyan politician.
Mission
The mission of the African Mathematical Union is twofold:
To coordinate and promote the quality of teaching, research and outreach activities in all areas of activities in all areas of mathematics throughout Africa.
To advance mathematical research and education towards the economic, social and cultural development of the continent.
Commissions
The Union has five Commissions:
AMU-CAWM. Commission on Women in Mathematics in Africa, led by Marie Françoise Ouedraogo since 2009.
AMU-CMEA. Commission on Mathematics Education in Africa.
AMU-CHMA. Commission on the History of Mathematics in Africa.
AMU-CRIMS. Commission for Research and Innovations.
AMU-PAMOC. Pan African Mathematics Olympiads Commission.
Commission on Women in Mathematics
The Commission on Women in Mathematics (AMUCAWM) published a report on women with a doctorate in mathematics.
The Commission on Women in Mathematics (AMUCAWM) was created in 1986. At the AMUCWMA's 2012 conference in Ouagadougou, a panel on the state on women in mathematics in Africa recommended the creation of an association for African female mathematicians. The AWUCWMA held another conference soon after in July of 2013 in Cape Town, where the African Women in Mathematics Association was formed.
Journal
Since 1978 the Union has published the journal Afrika Matematica (), has been edited by Daouda Sangare until 2009.
As of 2010, the journal is edited by Jacek Banasiak of the University of KwaZulu-Natal, Durban, South Africa.
The deputy editors of the journal are:
Moussa Ouattara, University of Ouagadougou, Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso
Daniel Makinde, Cape Peninsula University of Technology, Cape Town, South Africa.
The members of the advisory committee are:
Aderemi Kuku, Grambling State University, Grambling, USA
Laurent Lafforgue, Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques, Bures-sur-Yvette, France
Ari Laptev, Imperial College, London, UK
Claudio Procesi, University of Rome 'La Sapienza', Rome, Italy
Michel Waldschmidt, Pierre and Marie Curie University, Paris, France
References
External links
The official homepage since 2009
Unofficial homepage
link to submit papers
Mathematical societies
Organizations based in Rabat
Organizations established in 1976
1976 establishments in Morocco
Rażny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 100.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Gymnasium Schramberg is a German gymnasium (secondary school) in Schramberg in the Black Forest founded in 1840. Currently it has ca. 900 pupils and 65 teachers.
The building
The building from 1972/73 consists of five concrete blocks arranged in semicircular form. From right to left each block is one floor higher than the preceding one. On the left of the highest block there is a gymnasium (sports hall). Behind the entrance hall in block 3 there is an auditorium (Aula), which is used for school events as well as for minor cultural or political events for the general public. In 2007 a cafeteria (Mensa) was added in front of the highest block, where up to 300 students can have meals.
History
The school's history goes back to 1840 when a one-class Realschule was founded, privileged by the King of Württemberg. It was located in the same building as the then elementary school until 1876 in which year it was moved to a building nearby. In 1888 a second class was added and by 1905 the school had five teachers who taught six classes in a combined Realschule and a formerly private Lateinschule. In the same year the first girls were admitted. In 1906 the school moved to a building of its own, the very same building which houses today's Schramberg Realschule.
In 1937 the Nazi administration named the school Oberschule für Jungen (secondary school for boys). in 1940 the first students took their Abitur exams. After World War II Schramberg was occupied by French troops and teaching activities were suspended until October 1945. In 1953 the school was given its present name Gymnasium Schramberg. Increasing numbers of students made it necessary to build annexes and even find rooms in other municipal buildings. In 1968 the Schramberg Council decided to build a new Gymnasium which was erected at the present site off Berneckstraße and was dedicated in 1973. Even the new building became too small when in 1980 the number of students reached 1,407, and again rooms in the nearby elementary school had to be occupied by Gymnasium girls and boys. In 1990 the school celebrated the 150th anniversary of its foundation and the 50th anniversary of Abitur exams.
School twinning
The school has regular exchange programmes with several foreign schools. Due to the town twinning agreement between Schramberg and Hirson, France, the Collège Georges Cobast in Hirson is one of them. Other French partner schools are Sainte-Thérèse at Quimper, Brittany and the Collège St. Joseph at Voiron, Isère. Contacts to Romania have led to exchange programmes with a school in Sibiu. In recent years contacts with schools in Poland have been started.
Some prominent persons linked to Gymnasium Schramberg
Prominent teachers
Robert Ditter
Bernd Richter
Prominent alumni
Kerstin Andreae
Martin Weppler
Franz Baumann
Martin Grüner
Christophe Neff
Further reading
Gymnasium Schramberg (Ed.): Gymnasium Schramberg - 1840, 1940, 1990 Festschrift zum Doppeljubiläum 150 Jahre Geschichte, 50 Jahre Abitur. Schramberg 1990.
Notes
Schools in Baden-Württemberg
Educational institutions established in 1840
1940 establishments in Germany
Aladdin Aur Jadui Chirag () is a 1952 Indian fantasy film produced and directed by Homi Wadia. Made under the Basant Pictures banner, it had story, scenario and additional dialogue by JBH Wadia. The dialogues were written by Tejnath Zar. The music of the film was composed by S. N. Tripathi and Chitragupta. The film starred Meena Kumari, Mahipal, S. N. Tripathi, B. M. Vyas, Pandit Amarnath and Raja Sandow.
This fantasy film from the Arabian Nights follows the adventures of Aladdin and his finding of the magic lamp in the cave, and his love for the princess Badar.
Synopsis
The film starts in a magician's den in a cave where the magician, Hikmat (S. N. Tripathi), tells a genie-like figure that he wants to rule the world. He is asked to get the magic lamp from a cave, where he will need to send someone who is honest and has twenty-one moles in the shape of a lamp on his hand. The magician finds Aladdin (Mahipal) who is in love with Princess Badar (Meena Kumari). Badar's father has been imprisoned and a look-alike substituted in his place by the evil minister Masood Beg. Masood Beg's son, Nazim, has Aladdin whipped for a minor fracas and the magician tends to him. He takes Aladdin to the cave and sends him down to get the lamp. When Aladdin refuses to hand over the lamp before coming out, Hikmat slams the entrance shut leaving Aladdin trapped. Aladdin manages to rub the lamp and a genie appears. The genie helps Aladdin get out of the cave, marry the princess, free Badar's father, have him reinstated as the Sultan and build a palace for him. The story follows the magician getting hold of the lamp and Aladdin's adventures from then on, till he gets the lamp back and manages to vanquish evil.
Cast
Meena Kumari as Princess Badar
Mahipal as Aladdin
S. N. Tripathi as Hikmat the magician
B. M. Vyas as Ikam
Babu Raje
Urmilla
Aga Shapurji
Dalpat
Azim
W. M. Khan
Jillobai as Chachi
M. K. Hasan
Pt. Amarnath
Aftab
Pushpa
Kamala
Bela
Mithoo Miyan
Bismilla
Shree Bhagwan
Abdulla
Patel
Jullian
Yadav Korega
Raja Sandow
Vasantrao Pahelwan as Jinn (Genie)
Production
The special effects and art direction for the film were by Babubhai Mistry. He became associated with the spectacular effects in mythologies and fantasy genres. Homi Wadia had left Wadia Movietone to start Basant Pictures in 1942 and concentrated on making mythologies. However, his adventure and fantasy films also became box office successes. Though by name, Basant Pictures was Homi Wadia's company, JBH Wadia continued as a collaborator giving inputs in story, screenplay and dialogue sections.
Music
The music directors were S. N. Tripathi and Chitragupta. The lyricists were Pandit Chand, Shyam Hindi, Ramesh Chandra Pandey and Anjum Jaipuri. The playback singing was by Mohammed Rafi, Lata Mangeshkar, Shamshad Begum, Asha Bhonsle and Chitragupta.
Songlist
References
External links
1952 films
1950s Hindi-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Films directed by Homi Wadia
Films scored by S. N. Tripathi
1950s fantasy adventure films
Indian fantasy adventure films
Films based on Aladdin
The Journey Begins or variation may refer to:
Journey Begins (2010 album) debut album of British singer Mumzy Stranger
The Journey Begins (2005 song) song from the Disney film Mulan II
The Journey Begins (TV episode), the 1999 first episode of the TV series Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's The Lost World
Mortal Kombat: The Journey Begins (1995 film) animated tie-in film to the 1995 film Mortal Kombat (1)
The Dark Tower: The Journey Begins (2010 comic) comic book mini-series based on Stephen King's The Dark Tower
The Journey Begins (2015 comic book) first volume of the comic book series Anne Bonnie (comics)
The Journey Begins (2010 comics) the first story arc in the comic book The Wormworld Saga
See also
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step (Chinese proverb)
End of a Journey, Yet Beginning of a Journey (TV episode) 2006 episode of Pokémon: Battle Frontier
The Journey: Act I; The Beginning (2012 album) debut EP for the band The Birdsongs (band)
The Beginning of the Journey (1993 book) a memoir of Diana Trilling
Journey (disambiguation)
Begin (disambiguation)
This is a complete listing of the works by Kazi Nazrul Islam, in the Bengali language.
Poetry
Agni Bina (The Fiery Lute), 1922
Sanchita (Collected poems), 1925
Phanimanasa (The Cactus), 1927
Chakrabak (The Flamingo), 1929
Satbhai Champa (The Seven Brothers of Champa), juvenile poems, 1933
Nirjhar (Fountain), 1939
Natun Chand (The New Moon), 1939
Morubhaskar (The Sun in the Desert), 1951
Sanchayan (Collected Poems), 1955
Nazrul Islam: Islami Kobita (A Collection of Islamic Poems; Dhaka, Bangladesh: Islamic Foundation, 1982)
Poems and songs
Dolan Chapa (name of a faintly fragrant monsoon flower), 1923
Bisher Bashi (The Poison Flute), 1924
Bhangar Gan (The Song of Destruction), 1924 proscribe in 1924
Chhayanat (The Raga of Chhayanat), 1925
Chittanama (On Chittaranjan), 1925
Samyabadi (The Proclaimer of Equality), 1926
Puber Hawa (The Eastern Wind), 1926
Sarbahara (The Proletariat), 1926
Sindhu Hindol (The Undulation of the Sea), 1927
Jinjir (Chain), 1928
Pralaya Shikha (Doomsday Flame), 1930 proscribed in 1930
Shesh Saogat (The Last Offerings), 1958
Prose
Short stories
Bathar Daan (Offering of Pain), 1922
Rikter Bedon (The Sorrows of Destitute), 1925
Shiulimala (Garland of Shiuli) 1931
Padmagokhra ()
Ognigiri (The Volcano)
Jiner Badsha (The King of the Jinns)
Novels
Bandhan Hara (Free from Bonds), 1927
Mrityukshuda (Hunger for Death), 1930
Kuhelika (Mystery), 1931
Plays and drama
Jhilimili (Window Shutters), plays, 1930
Aleya (Mirage), song drama, 1931
Putuler Biye (Doll's Marriage), children's play, 1933
Madhumala (Garland of Honeysuckle) a musical play, 1960
Jhar (Storm), juvenile poems and play, 1960
Pile Patka Putuler Biye (Doll's Marriage), juvenile poems and play, 1964
Shilpi (Artist)
Essays
Joog Bani (The Message of the Age), 1926
Jhinge Phul (The Cucurbitaccus Flower), 1926
Durdiner Jatri (The Traveller through Rough Times), 1926
Rudra Mangal (The Violent Good), 1927
Dhumketu (The Comet), 1961
See also
Kazi Nazrul Islam
Bengali poetry
Bengali-language literature
Bengali music
Kazi Nazrul Islam
Dionysius of Corinth, also known as Saint Dionysius, was the bishop of Corinth in about the year 171. His feast day is commemorated on April 8.
Date
The date is established by the fact that he wrote to Pope Soter. Eusebius in his Chronicle placed his "floruit" in the eleventh year of the Emperor Marcus Aurelius (171). When Hegesippus was at Corinth in the time of Pope Anicetus, Primus was bishop (about 150–5), while Bacchylus was Bishop of Corinth at the time of the Paschal controversy (about 190–8). Dionysius is only known to us through Eusebius. Eusebius knew a collection of seven of the Catholic Letters to the Churches of Dionysius, together with a letter to him from Pinytus, Bishop of Knossos, and a private letter of spiritual advice to a lady named Chrysophora.
Eusebius mentions (1) a letter to the Lacedaemonians, teaching orthodoxy, and enjoining peace and union. (2) Another letter was to the Athenians, stirring up their faith exhorting them to live according to the Gospel, since they were not far from apostasy. Dionysius spoke of the recent martyrdom of their bishop, Publius (in the persecution of Marcus Aurelius), and says that Dionysius the Areopagite was the first Bishop of Athens. (3) To the Nicomedians he wrote against Marcionism. (4) Writing to Gortyna and the other dioceses of Crete, he praised their bishop, Philip, for efforts on behalf of the church then warned him of the distortions of heretics. (5) To the Church of Amastris in Pontus he wrote at the instance of Bacchylides and Elpistus (otherwise unknown), mentioning the bishop's name as Palmas; he wrote in this letter of marriage and celibacy, and recommended the charitable treatment of those who had fallen away into sin or heresy. (6) In a letter to Pinytus, bishop of Knossus, he recommended that he should not lay the yoke of celibacy too heavily on his brethren, but consider the weakness most of them have. Pinytus replied, after polite words, that he hoped Dionysius would send strong meat next time so his people might not grow up on the milk of babes.
But the most important letter is the seventh one, addressed to the Romans, and the only one from which extracts have been preserved. Pope Soter had sent alms and a letter to the Corinthians, and in response Dionysius wrote:
For this has been your custom from the beginning, to do good to all the brethren in many ways, and to send alms to many Churches in different cities, now relieving the poverty of those who asked aid, now assisting the brethren in the mines by the alms you send, Romans keeping up the traditional custom of Romans, which your blessed bishop, Soter, has not only maintained, but has even increased, by affording to the brethren the abundance which he has supplied, and by comforting with blessed words the brethren who came to him, as a father his children.
Again:
You also by this instruction have mingled together the Romans and Corinthians who are the planting of Peter and Paul. For they both came to our Corinth and planted us, and taught alike; and alike going to Italy and teaching there, were martyred at the same time.
Again:
Today we have kept the holy Lord's day, on which we have read your letter, which we shall ever possess to read and to be admonished, even as the former one written to us through Clement.
References
Sources
Urdang, Laurence. Holidays and Anniversaries of the World. Detroit:Gale Research Company, 1985. .
External links
Church Fathers
2nd-century bishops in the Roman Empire
2nd-century Christian saints
Saints of Roman Corinth
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Bishops of Corinth
Rosa Amores Valls, born in Nules, Spain, on 26 January 1938, is a Spanish singer, known for her burlesque performances and variety shows. Her stage name is Rosita Amores. Amores is one of the leading variety performers and erotic artists of Valencia, and gained fame during the 1960s and 1970s.
Films
El virgo de Visanteta (1979). Dir. Vicente Escrivá
Gracias por la propina (1997). Dir. Francesc Bellmunt
Visanteta, estáte quieta (1979). Dir. Vicente Escrivá
Con el culo al aire (1980). Dir. Carles Mira
Un negro con un saxo (1988). Dir. Francesc Bellmunt
El robo más grande jamás contado (2002) Dir. Daniel Monzón
References
Spanish women singers
Living people
1938 births
Burlesque performers
Spanish erotic artists
is a Japanese science fiction novel written by Tomihiko Morimi, published in 2010. A manga adaptation was serialized in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive from March 2018 to February 2019, and an anime film adaptation by Studio Colorido premiered in August 2018.
Plot
Penguins suddenly appear in the town with no explanation. Aoyama finds that the penguin species is known to follow a singular path known as the "Penguin Highway," which leads to the woods. After the bully Suzuki ties Aoyama up to a vending machine, the Lady frees Aoyama and transforms a soda can into a penguin.
At school Aoyama finds Uchida and his other classmate Hamamoto with a penguin named Penta on the rooftop. They bring Penta on the train, where it falls ill upon leaving the station. Penta stumbles out of the cage and transforms into a soda can. Aoyama then goes to a cafe to play chess with the Lady, where she mentions her trouble sleeping after reading about the Jabberwock. The power goes out, and then she accidentally transforms the pieces into bats. Aoyama later deduces that the Lady can turn thrown objects into penguins in the light and bats in the dark.
The next day, Hamamoto leads Aoyama and Uchida deep into the forest, where a floating sphere of water sits, which she calls the "sea". The next few days, Aoyama, Uchida and Hamamoto, spend playing around the sea and investigating it. Uchida throws in a toy spaceship into the sphere, and it sucks up the toy. One day, Suzuki comes to bully Uchida and Aoyama, happening upon the sphere, and Hamamoto warns him not to tell anyone about the sphere.
The next day, the reporters note a new unidentified creature has been discovered. Aoyama and Uchida spot the creature eating a penguin. The Lady asks Aoyama to go to the coast with her, and they depart by train. As they leave the station, the Lady falls ill. Her sweat falls onto the ground, liquifying the concrete into the creature — a Jaberwock. He does not see the Lady after that for a while.
After school, Hamamoto and Uchida go to find the forest blocked off. Entering despite the warnings, they find Hamamoto's father conducting research, with Suzuki revealing the sphere's location. A huge storm brews as the sphere grows in size. The next day, it is revealed that the sphere has expanded to a dangerous extent, leading to the disappearance of Hamamoto's father. The school holds a lockdown, and Aoyama escapes to meet up with the Lady.
Aoyama solves the mystery. The sea is the energy source for both the penguins and the Lady, but the penguins try to destroy it. The sea displaces space and distorts time. Aoyama believes the sea is a hole, a place where the world is torn. The penguins are trying to destroy it in an attempt to repair the world. However, making too many penguins causes the Lady to fall ill. In response, she produces the creature, known as the Jaberwock. These attack the penguins, which makes the sphere larger and result in her improved health.
Aoyama and the Lady walk toward the forest, generating a mob of penguins. They blast their way into the sphere and land into the apocalyptic future. Aoyama and the Lady rescue Hamamoto's father and the other researchers. The penguins fly up and pop the sphere, causing water to rush out into the real world.
Aoyama and the Lady return to the cafe to talk, while the mob of penguins slowly disappear. When the last penguin disappears, she hugs Aoyama and leaves the cafe. Outside of the window, she disappears. He resolves not to cry, believing he will see her again and will tell her that he loved her. One day, Aoyama spots a cat playing outside of the cafe in the spot the Lady disappeared from. He approaches the spot and finds the toy spaceship that the sphere swallowed.
Characters
A precocious boy who keeps a notebook of things he learns. He has a crush on the Lady and a fascination with breasts. He has never seen the ocean.
A mysterious woman working at the dental office. She coaches Aoyama in chess. She has memories of her parents and growing up by the coast. It is revealed she is from the world of the sphere.
A shy boy and one of Aoyama's friends. He is bullied by Suzuki.
An intelligent girl who has a crush on Aoyama. She is jealous of the Lady.
A classmate of Aoyama's and a bully. He has a crush on Hamamoto.
A well-posed man. He leaves for international work trips.
A meteorological researcher who has an interest in the sphere, after reading his daughter's journal.
Media
Novel
Penguin Highway is a novel written by Tomihiko Morimi, which was originally published by Kadokawa Bunko in tankōbon format on May 28, 2010. Kadokawa later republished the novel under the Kadokawa Bunko imprint on November 22, 2012. Upon the release of the film, Kadokawa republished the novel with a new cover illustration by Booota under the Kadokawa Tsubasa Bunko imprint on June 15, 2018.
Yen Press announced at Anime Expo 2018 that they would be publishing the novel in English, with a hardcover release on April 23, 2019. The English translation is by Andrew Cunningham.
Manga
A manga adaptation of the novel was serialized from March 27, 2018, to February 27, 2019, in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive magazine, with illustrations by Keito Yano. The manga was published in three tankōbon format volumes, with the first volume released on July 23, 2018.
Anime film
An anime film adaptation by Studio Colorido was announced on March 1, 2018. Hiroyasu Ishida serves as the director for the film, with Yōjirō Arai responsible for character design, Makoto Ueda writing the screenplay, and Umitarō Abe composing the music. The theme song is Good Night, performed by Hikaru Utada.
The film premiered at Fantasia International Film Festival in Montreal on July 29, 2018. Toho released the film theatrically in Japan on August 17, 2018. Fuji Creative is responsible for international distribution of the film. Anime Limited announced in July 2018 that they had acquired the film for distribution in the United Kingdom and Ireland, where it premiered at Scotland Loves Anime Glasgow on October 13, 2018, with a wider release in 2019. Eleven Arts announced that they would be distributing the film theatrically in North America, where it premiered at Crunchyroll Expo in San Jose on September 2, 2018, and a wider release on April 12, 2019. Madman Entertainment announced that they had acquired the film for distribution in Australia and New Zealand, where it premiered at Madman Anime Festival Melbourne on September 15, 2018, with a wider release premiering from November 8, 2018. The film was released on DVD, Blu-ray and Digital on August 6, 2019, from Shout! Factory.
Reception
Novel
The novel won the Nihon SF Taisho Award in 2010.
Anime film
Penguin Highway received the Excellence Award in the animation category at the 22nd Japan Media Arts Festival. The film won the Axis: The Satoshi Kon Award for Excellence in Animation award at Fantasia International Film Festival for the best animated feature. In Japan, the film premiered in 192 theatres in its opening weekend, where it placed in 10th position. The film later exited the top 10, having earned a total of () as of August 26, 2018.
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 100% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 24 reviews, with an average rating of 7.7/10. On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 82 out of 100 based on 4 critics, indicating "universal acclaim".
See also
References
External links
2010 Japanese novels
Coming-of-age anime and manga
Japanese fantasy novels
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
Studio Colorido
Kadokawa Shoten
Noitamina
Science fiction anime and manga
Seinen manga
Yen Press titles
March of the Soviet Tankmen () is a 1939 military march composed by the Pokrass brothers and with lyrics by (Борис Савельевич Ласкин), whose debut was in the 1939 movie Tractor Drivers, in which the role of Klim Yarko is played by Nikolai Kryuchkov. Later the song was used in World War II short titled "Fascist Jackboots Shall Not Trample Our Motherland" by Ivanov-Vano (1941). Valery Dunaevsky commented that the song "was full of fighting spirit" in his book A Daughter of the "Enemy of the People" (2015).
Lyrics
See also
Soviet Tankmen's Song
References
Russian military marches
1939 songs
Songs written for films
Russian patriotic songs
Russian military songs
Soviet songs
Tanks
Songs about Russia
Songs of World War II
Tadeusz Olsza (3 December 1895 – 1 June 1975), born Tadeusz Blomberg, was a Polish film and stage actor, cabaret singer, dancer and director born in Warsaw. From 1915 to 1917, he taught vocal classes at Warsaw Conservatory. Starting in 1921 he performed in such Warsaw cabarets and vaudevilles as Stańczyk, Karuzela, Nietoperz (The Bat), Stara Banda, Qui Pro Quo, Perskie Oko, Morskie Oko, Nowości, and Cyruliku Warszawskim. He was known for his parody of Felicjan Sławoj Składkowski, a Polish physician, general and politician.
He performed monologue, satires, revue sketches, vignettes and in musical theater; was also known as a great tango dancer, partnering Loda Halama and her sister Zizi in a hit musical review Tysiąc pięknych dziewcząt (A thousand beautiful girls) and performing with Stanisława Nowicka, "Queen of the Tango."
He began his film career in small roles in German films (Mater Dolorosa and Jugendliebe). In Poland his film appearances included Uwiedziona, Krzyk w nocy, O czym się nie mówi, Głos Serca, Antek Policmajster, Jaśnie pan szofer, and Jego wielka miłość.
Olsza worked in Polish Radio almost from its inception; some of his archived performances are still broadcast.
After the Nazi invasion of Poland he went to Bucharest, Romania, where he joined the group of Polish emigree theater artists. In 1941 he joined the Polish Army in France, then Scotland where he run the theatre for First Brigade of the Polish-Scottish Shooters (see Polish Army in the West).
After the war he returned to Poland where he performed in 1947, first in Kraków, then in Warsaw, as star of the first post-war Polish vaudeville (written by Julian Tuwim): Żołnierz królowej Madagaskaru (Soldier of The Queen Of Madagascar)). In 1948 he played the stages of Buffo and Syrena theaters; he remained with Syrena until his retirement in 1971. In 1972 he left for London, to join his wife, where he died in 1975.
References
External links
1895 births
1975 deaths
Polish male stage actors
Polish male silent film actors
Polish cabaret performers
Polish male film actors
Polish male dancers
20th-century Polish male actors
Male actors from Warsaw
Tango dancers
20th-century comedians
There are 15 state forests in the U.S. state of Tennessee.
Tennessee state forests
See also
List of U.S. National Forests
References
External links
Tennessee Department of Agriculture: Forests
Tennessee
State forests
Stantonbury is a district and civil parish of Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. The toponym Stanton is derived from an Old English term for "stone-built farmstead" and the bury element from the French family who held it in 1235. The original Stantonbury is a deserted medieval village now known as Stanton Low; the Stantonbury name has been reused for the modern district at the heart of the civil parish.
Civil parish
As well as Stantonbury itself, the civil parish of Stantonbury includes the districts of Bancroft and Bancroft Park, Blue Bridge, Bradville and Linford Wood. The population of the parish of Stantonbury grew from 19 at the 1971 census to 3,938 according to the 1981 census. By the time of the 2001 census its population had reached 9,010. At the 2011 census, it had 10,084 people.
Bancroft
The residential Bancroft district is divided by Shenley Brook into Bancroft Park to the north and Bancroft to the south. The brook valley here is part of the flood control system and is a linear park for the most of the year. There is a permanent wetland with associated plants and wildlife.
The foundations of a Romano-British farm known as Bancroft Roman Villa is in what is now the North Loughton Park, overlooking the Shenley Brook. Rescue excavations in 1957 identified a group of perhaps four buildings, traces of a hypocaust and sherds of Iron Age pottery. A section of mosaic flooring recovered from the site is in the "guest services lounge" of Central Milton Keynes shopping centre.
A copy of the famous Concrete Cows sculpture is at the southern end of the park (the original is in the Milton Keynes Museum). The Cows were originally sited here.
Bancroft is a haven for birds and one of the best places to see a common kingfisher. This is because of the wide variety of habitats the Parks Trust has created, from old grassland managed as wildflower meadows, through patches of thorn scrub to extensive marsh. cowslips and salad burnet flower in the spring, followed in summer to the customary flowers of traditional hay meadow: lady's bedstraw and birdsfoot trefoil.
Bancroft pétanque Piste, which is near the Roman villa site, is provided by the Parks Trust free of charge. Also known as boules, pétanque is a traditional game played with steel balls on any sandy or gravelly surface across a large part of Europe.
The Bancrofts comprise just half the H2/H3/V5/V6 grid square, which is divided by the West Coast Main Line; the line is also the parish boundary, with Stacey Bushes (in Wolverton and Greenleys parish) on the other side of the tracks. Monks Way (H3, A422) bounds the parish from the neighbouring Bradwell.
Blue Bridge
This small district is mainly residential, near the West Coast Main Line and the Grand Union Canal (which separates it from Stonebridge, the rest of the grid square). It is also home to its own residential club, which it shares with Bancroft Park. The 'Blue Bridge' (18345), now restricted to pedestrian and cycle traffic, is one of the oldest bridges over the West Coast Main Line and is a Grade II listed structure.
Bradville
This district, between Bradwell, New Bradwell and Stantonbury itself, is mainly residential. The windmill is a Grade II listed building.
Linford Wood
As well as the ancient woodland that gives it its name, this district is mainly for high-tech industry. It is best known in Milton Keynes as the site of the telecommunications tower, for which it was chosen for its high elevation. It was originally part of the Linford demesne.
Oakridge Park
This small district of private housing development, part of the northern expansion of Milton Keynes outside its 1967 designated boundary, dates from about 2010. There is a small local centre with an Asda supermarket, a pharmacy and other small shops.
Stantonbury
This district lies north of Central Milton Keynes, between Great Linford and Wolverton, and south of Oakridge Park. It is largely residential, but the greater proportion of the area is taken up by two secondary schools (Stantonbury School and the Webber Independent School), a Theatre, leisure centre with a 25m swimming pool and an all-weather, competition standard, athletics track.
Modern Stantonbury lies on land historically known as "Stanton High" (as opposed to "Stanton Low").
Stanton Low
Stanton Low lies near the River Great Ouse and is the deserted village of historic Stantonbury, one of the rural Buckinghamshire villages that were included in the area designated in 1967 to become Milton Keynes. Today this is an uninhabited agricultural area near the river Great Ouse. Little if anything remains of the deserted village other than the ruins of the parish church of St Peter. In the late 1950s the ruins of a Roman villa were discovered here, but were completely destroyed by gravel extraction.
Church of St Peter
The former Church of England parish church of Saint Peter in Stanton Low is Norman, with a mid-12th century nave and even earlier chancel. There was a squint in the south wall of the chancel, but this was later blocked. St. Peter's was extensively rebuilt in the 13th century; the Decorated Gothic east window and piscina were added in the 14th century. By the latter part of the 17th century Stantonbury was an almost deserted but the church was still in use; between 1668 and 1674 the Puritan poet and hymnwriter John Mason was its parish priest. In 1736 only four houses remained in the village, but St Peter's was still in use in 1927 and John Piper painted a watercolour of it in about 1940. By 1955 the church had been disused for a number of years; the following year the roof collapsed. and was not repaired. By 1973 St. Peter's was a ruin, and the east window and ornamented Norman chancel arch had been removed (in 1963, to the Church of St James in New Bradwell.) The building is a Grade II listed building.
References
Sources
External links
Stantonbury Brass
Running track
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Helicobasidium is a genus of fungus in the family Helicobasidiaceae.
Species
Helicobasidium albicans
Helicobasidium anomalum
Helicobasidium arboreum
Helicobasidium candidum
Helicobasidium cirratum
Helicobasidium cirrhatum
Helicobasidium compactum
Helicobasidium corticioides
Helicobasidium filicinum
Helicobasidium hemispira
Helicobasidium holospirum
Helicobasidium hypochnoides
Helicobasidium inconspicuum
Helicobasidium incrustans
Helicobasidium killermannii
Helicobasidium longisporum
Helicobasidium peckii
Helicobasidium purpureum
Helicobasidium smilacinum
Helicobasidium tanakae
References
Basidiomycota genera
Helicobasidiales
Taxa named by Narcisse Théophile Patouillard
Taxa described in 1885
The Kenya national rugby league team represent Kenya in the sport of rugby league football. The goal was to qualify into 2025 Rugby League World Cup for the first time.
History
They made their international rugby league debut against Italy where Kenya defeated them 34-24 in front of over 5000 fans at a local primary school in Watamu. The team was hastily formed from selection of local rugby union players. They were introduced to the rules and regulations in rugby league for merely one week before the match.
2014 Squad
See also
Rugby leagues in Kenya
Kenya Rugby League Association
Rugby leagues in Africa
References
External links
National rugby league teams
National sports teams of Kenya
Rugby leagues in Kenya
First Choice may refer to:
First Choice (band), an American vocal trio, active 1971–1984
First Choice Emergency Room, a healthcare company based in Flower Mound, Texas
First Choice Liquor, an Australian retailer
First Choice (travel firm), travel firm owned by TUI Group
First Choice Airways, its former in-house airline
First Choice Haircutters, a Canadian hairdressing company
Crave, a pay TV service in Canada, known simply as "First Choice" 1983–84 and 1989–93
First Choice Superchannel, a service jointly operated with Superchannel (Movie Central) from 1984 to 1989
Pfs:First Choice, a 1980s word processing program
The following is a list of governors and other local administrators of the city of Melilla, a Spanish exclave in North Africa. The list encompass the period from 1497 until 1995.
List
Governors
1497–1498: Goméz Suárez
1498–1500: Pedro de Estopiñán y Virués
1500–1510: Gonzalo Mariño de Rivera (Ribelles)
1510–1513: Bernavé Pinelo
1513–1518: Fernando de Abreu
1518–1522: Gonzalo Mariño de Rivera (Ribelles)
1522–1535: Francisco de Medina Monsivay
1535–1542: Cristóbal Dabrés (d'Abreu)
1543–1546: Hernando de Jérez
1546–1554: Juan de Perea
1554–1559: Alonso de Urrea
1559–1568: Pedro Venegas de Córdoba
1568–1571: Francisco Sánchez de Córdoba
1571–1595: Antonio de Tejada
1595–1596: Jerónimo de los Barrios
1596–1603: Martín Dávalos y Padilla
1603–1611: Pedro de Herrida
1612–1617: Domingo de Dieguez
1617–1618: Gaspar de Mondragón
1618–1619: Domingo de Ochoa
1619–1620: Diego de Leyva
1620–1622: Francisco Rodríguez de Sanabria
1622–1624: Francisco Ruíz
1625–1632: Luis de Sotomayor
1632–1633: Pedro Moreo
1633–1635: Tomás Mejía de Escobedo
1635–1637: Pedro Moreo
1637–1648: Gabriel de Peñalosa y Estrada
1649: Luis de Sotomayor
1649: Andrés del Carte y Murisábal (interim)
1649–1650: Jordán Jerez
1651: Juan Peñalosa (interim)
1651–1655: Pedro Palacio y Guevara
1655–1656: Diego de Arce
1656–1667: Luis de Velázquez y Angulo
1667–1669: Juan de Peñalosa y Estrada
1669–1672: Francisco Osorio de Astorga
1672–1674: Diego de Arce
1674–1675: Pedro Moreo
1675–1680: José Frias
1680–1683: Diego Toscano y Brito
1684–1686: Diego Pacheco y Arce
1687: Francisco López Moreno
1687–1688: Antonio Domínguez de Durán
1688–1691: Bernabé Ramos y Miranda
1692–1697: Antonio de Zúñiga y de la Cerda
1697–1703: Domingo de Canal y Soldevila
1704–1707: Blas de Trincheria
1707–1711: Diego de Flores
1711–1714: Juan Jerónimo Ungo de Velasco
1714–1715: Patricio Gómez de la Hoz
1715–1716: Pedro Sansón (acting)
1716–1719: Pedro Borrás
1719: Francisco Ibáñez y Rubalcava
1719–1730: Alonso de Guevara y Vasconcelos
1730–1732: Juan Andrés del Thoso
1731–1732: Francisco de Alba (interim)
1732–1757: Antonio Villalba y Angulo
1757–1758: Francisco de Alba (interim)
1758–1767: Narciso Vázquez Nicuesa
1767–1772: Miguel Fernández de Saavedra
1772–1777: José Carrión y Andrade
1777: Nicolás Quijano
1777–1780: Bernardo Tortosa
1780–1782: Antonio Manso
1782–1786: José Granados
1786–1788: José Naranjo
1788–1798: José Rivera
1798–1800: Fernando Moyano
1800–1814: Ramón Conti
1814: Manuel Ibarra (interim)
1814–1821: Jacinto Díaz Capilla
1821–1823: Antonio Mateos Malpartida (interim)
1823–1824: Juan Pérez de Hacho y Oliván (interim)
1824–1826: Luis Cappa Rioseco
1826–1829: Manuel García
1829–1830: Juan Serrano y Reyna (interim)
1830–1835: Luis Cappa Rioseco (2nd time)
1835–1836: Lázaro Garcia del Real (interim)
1836–1838: Rafael Delgado y Moreno
1838–1839: Gregorio Álvarez y Pérez (president of the royal governing junta, Carlist rebellion)
1839: Ramón Robere (interim)
1839–1847: Demetrio María de Benito y Hernández
1847: Justo Martín de Villota (interim)
1847: Antonio Lopez de Mendoza (interim)
1847–1848: Manuel Arcaya
1848–1850: Ignácio Chacón
1850–1854: José Eustaquio de Castro y Mendez
1854–1856: Manuel Buceta del Villar
1856: José Muñoz (interim)
1856–1858: José Morcillo y Ezquerra
1858: Francisco Ceballos (interim)
1858–1860: Manuel Buceta del Villar
1860–1861: Luis Lemni Demandre de la Breche
1861–1862: Felipe Ginovés Espinar
1862–1863: Manuel Álvarez Maldonado
1863–1864: Thomás O'Ryan y Vázquez
1864–1866: Bartolomé de Benavides y Campuzano
1866–1868: José Salcedo y González
1868–1871: Pedro Beaumont y Peralta
1871–1873: Bernardo Alemañy y Perote
1873–1879: Andrés Cuadra y Bourman
1879–1880: Manuel Macías y Casado
1880: Angel Navascués
1880–1881: Evaristo García y Reyna
1881–1886: Manuel Macías y Casado
1886–1887: Teodoro Camino y Alcobendas
1887–1888: Mariano de la Iglesia y Guillén
1888: Juan Villalonga y Soler
1888–1889: Rafael Assin y Bazán
1889–1891: José Mirelis y González
1891: Santos Asbert Laguna (interim)
1891–1893: Juan García y Margallo
1893: Manuel Macías y Casado
1893–1894: Juan Arolas y Esplugues
1894: Juan Valverde Carrillo (interim)
1894–1895: Rafael Cerero
1895–1898: José Alcántara Pérez
1898: Francisco Salinero Bellver
1898–1899: Fernando Alameda y Liancourt
1899: Francisco Salinero Bellver (interim)
1899–1904: Venancio Hernández y Fernández
1904: Vicente Muñíz Cuadrado (interim)
1904–1905: Manuel Serrano y Ruíz
1905: Enrique Segura y Campoy
1905: Vicente Muñíz Cuadrado (interim)
1905–1910: José Marina Vega
1910–1912: José García Aldave
Mayors (Presidentes de la Junta de Arbitrios)
1912: Máximo Ramos y Orcajo
1913: Luis Aizpuru y Mondéjar
1913: José Villalba Riquelme
1913: Fernando Moltó Ocampo
1913: José Villalba Riquelme
1913: Juan Montero Montero
1913–191.: José Villalba Riquelme
191.–1916: Domingo Arráiz de la Conderena
1916: José Sousa del Real
1916: Federico Monteverde Cedano
1916: Ramón Franch Tresserra
1916–1917: Luis Jiménez Pajarero
1917–1920: Federico Monteverde Cedano
1920–1921: Felipe Navarro Ceballos-Escalera, barón de Casa Davalillos
1921–1922: Miguel Fresneda Mengíbar
1922: Julio de Ardanaz y Crespo
1922: Jerónimo Palou
1922–1925: José García Aldave
1925: Soriano (acting)
1925–1927: José García Aldave
1927: Miguel González Carrasco
Chairmen of the Municipal Junta
1927–1928: Francisco Calvo Lucía
1928–1931: Cándido Lobera Girela
Mayors (Alcaldes)
1931: Juan Mendizábal Echevarría
1931: Antonio Díez Martín
1931–1933: Miguel Bernardi Tevar
1933–1936: Antonio García Vallejo
1936: Antonio Díez Martín
1936–1937: José Marfil García
1937–1939: Octavio Martínez Cayuela
1939–1940: José Marfil García
1940: José Lamas Calvelo
1940–1950: Rafael Álvarez Claro
1950–1953: Eduardo García Sánchez
1953–1956: Gabriel de Beníto Angulo
1956–1957: Manuel Requena Cañones
1957–1958: Miguel Gómez Morales (acting)
1958–1959: Juan Villalón Dombriz
1960–1962: Luís Carvajal Arrieta
1963: José Cabanillas Rojas
1963–1964: Antonio Romaguera Barceló (interim)
1964–1971: Francisco Mir Berlanga
1971–1972: Roberto Moreno Valdés (interim)
1972–1975: Eduardo León Solá
1975–1979: Luis Cobreros Acero
1979–1983: Rafael Ginel Cañamaque
1981–1991: Gonzalo Hernández Martínez
1991–1995: Ignacio Velázquez Rivera
For continuation after 1995, see: Mayor-President of Melilla
Sources
World Statesmen.org
Melilla
Politics of Spain
Melilla
Melilla
governors
The story of Little Muck is a fairy tale written by Wilhelm Hauff. It was published in 1826 in a collection of fairy tales and tells the story of an outsider called Little Muck.
Frame story
The fairy tale is embedded in a frame story called "The Caravan": the participants of a caravan tell each other stories, as they do not want to get bored. One of the participants is a young merchant called Muley. He tells the story of Little Muck.
Plot
As a child, Muley knew a little person called Little Muck, who also lived in his home town Nicea in Turkey. Little Muck lived alone in a house, which he rarely left. Due to his misshapen figure and his unsuitable clothing Muley and his friends always made fun of him. One day, they were extremely mean to him. Thereupon Muley's father gave him 50 blows with a pipe stem. After the first 25 blows he told him the following story:
Muck's father Mukrah was a well-respected, but poor man, who lived as lonely as his son. He was ashamed of Muck's misshapen figure and therefore he did not allow him any kind of education. When Mukrah died, his relatives inherited everything, as he owed them a lot of money. Muck only got a suit with wide trousers, a wide belt, a coat, a turban and a knife.
His father was tall and thus Little Muck cut off the legs and sleeves of the wide trousers without changing the width. Afterwards he left his home town to seek his fortune. Shortly afterwards Muck found an accommodation and a new job in another town: he had to take care of the cats and dogs of a mysterious woman called Miss Ahavzi.
One day Muck entered a forbidden room in Miss Ahavzi's house and accidentally destroyed an expensive bowl. He took two items of this room and decided to flee, as he did not get his wages and was often punished for no reason. These two items had, as it turned out, magical powers: With the pair of slippers, he could not only walk faster than any other person, but also fly to any place he wanted. And the walking stick showed him buried treasures.
The king was impressed by Muck's magic slippers, and thus offered him a position as a courier, which made the other servants jealous of him. With the help of his magic walking stick, Muck discovered a forgotten treasure in the palace garden one day. As he wanted to make new friends, he distributed all the gold he had found to other people. However, he was charged with theft and sent to prison.
At that time the official punishment for stealing royal property was death. However, Little Muck could save his life by telling the king more about the magic power of the slippers and the walking stick. Thereupon the king tried on the slippers, but as Muck did not show the king how to stop the slippers, the latter ran and ran until he passed out. He was very angry, confiscated the magic items and chased Muck away. After an eight-hour march, Little Muck finally reached the border of a small country.
By chance, he discovered two fig trees in a forest. With the help of the figs he could retaliate: the first variety of figs caused the growth of huge donkey ears and a long nose; by eating the second variety of figs, it went back to normal. Dressed up as a salesman Little Muck smuggled the first variety of figs on the king's table. Shortly afterwards he dressed up as a scholar and offered the king the second variety of figs as a remedy for his and his royal court's deformities.
After proving the effectiveness of his cure, the King led Muck into the treasury, where he should choose a reward. He immediately snatched his magic items and revealed his identity. With the help of his magic slippers Little Muck flew back home and left the disloyal king with his deformed face behind. Since then, he lived in his home town in great prosperity, but lonely as he despised other people.
"Muck became wise through experience and therefore he deserves admiration instead of mockery", Muley's father ended his narrative and spared his son the remaining half of the blows. Muley told Muck's story to his friends, who were very impressed by the story of Muck's life. From this day forth they honored Muck and bowed before him whenever they saw him.
Publication
The tale was originally written in German. The story was further translated into English and published as part of Arabian Days' Entertainments (an obvious nod to The Arabian Nights). The story was also included in many compilations of Wilhelm Hauff's tales, sometimes with an oriental flavor.
Interpretation
The father tries to explain to his son that it is superficial to judge people only by their looks. Little Muck is still a respected man, even with his grotesque appearance. Nevertheless, he remains an outsider, which marks a great difference to other fairy tale figures with magic items. Even though the fairy tale takes place in the Orient, the ruling system described here is to be understood as criticism of the countries of the German Confederation: due to its small size, Little Muck is able to leave the country on foot within eight hours, he does not even have to make use of his magic slippers. Similar to the Duke in "Dwarf Nose", the King is an incompetent ruler: after being tricked by his courtiers he seizes the magical items and expels Little Muck from the country. The latter consequently takes revenge by using the figs. Due to the hierarchy, the King eats most of them, and is thus punished even harder, because Little Muck refuses to give him the curing variety of figs. Based on this tale, Muley and his comrades become better people. Thus the fairy tale is a parable about the desired impact of literature.
The theft of magical items by the tale's antagonist and their recovery by means of a strange fruit the causes a shapeshifting effect on those who eat them is very similar to the Fortunatus cycle and the Aarne–Thompson–Uther tale type ATU 566, "The Three Magic Objects and the Wonderful Fruits".
German film adaptions (selection)
1944: Der kleine Muck (director: Franz Fiedler; black-and-white; set in 18th century Holy Roman Empire)
1953: Die Geschichte vom kleinen Muck (director: Wolfgang Staudte)
Other film adaptations
1921 : Little Muck (directed by William Prager)
1938 : Little Muck (directed by Olga Khodataeva, cartoon, USSR)
1971 : Little Muck (directed by Otto Anton Eder, telefilm, Austria)
1975 : Muck the Messenger (directed by Nathan Lerner, cartoon, USSR)
1983 : The Adventures of Little Muck (directed by Elizaveta Kimyagarova, television film, USSR, Tajikfilm)
References
Further reading
1826 short stories
German fairy tales
ATU 560-649
Works by Wilhelm Hauff
Ohio's 32nd senatorial district has historically been based in the Mahoning Valley. Currently it consists of the counties of Ashtabula and Trumbull as well as portions of Geauga county. It encompasses Ohio House districts 63, 64 and 99. It has a Cook PVI of D+12. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Sandra O'Brien.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 32nd district senator at the 133rd Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Böhme (also Boehme) is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andy Böhme (born 1970), German skeleton racer
Anton Wilhelm Böhme (1673–1722), German Lutheran author and translator
Brigitte Boehme (born 1940), German judge and president of church administration
Erich Böhme (1930–2009), German journalist and television host
Erwin Böhme (1879–1917), German fighter pilot in World War I
Franz Böhme (1885–1947), Austrian and German general during World War II
Franz Magnus Böhme (1827–1898), German musicologist and composer
Gernot Böhme (1937-2022), German philosopher and author
Herbert Böhme (1907–1971), German poet
Herbert A.E. Böhme (1897–1984), German actor
Horst Böhme (disambiguation), several people with this name
Horst Wolfgang Böhme (born 1940), German archaeologist
Ibrahim Böhme (1944–1999), German politician
Jakob Böhme (1575–1624), Christian mystic
Jörg Böhme (born 1974), German retired footballer
Kurt Böhme (1908–1989), German opera singer
Marcus Böhme (born 1985), German volleyball player
Margarete Böhme (1867–1939), German writer of the early 20th century
Oskar Böhme (1870–1938), German composer and trumpeter
Robert Böhme (born 1981), German footballer
Rolf Böhme (1934–2019), German politician and mayor
Wolfgang Böhme (born 1949), East German former handball player
Kate Atkinson Boehme, American New Thought writer
See also
Böhm
German-language surnames
Ethonymic surnames
Gülpınar, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Marília Rocha (born 1978) is a Brazilian filmmaker whose work has focused in the potentialities of documentary film. Her works have been included in the festivals and special screenings of MoMA – Museum of Modern Art (USA), It's All True (Brazil), Rotterdam IFF (Netherlands), Bafici (Argentina), Guadalajara IFF (Mexico), Doclisboa (Portugal), among others. Since 2003 she is a member of Teia, along with Clarissa Campolina, Helvécio Marins Jr., Leonardo Barcelos, Pablo Lobato and Sérgio Borges. The group founded a center for audiovisual production and research where they work collaboratively, combining the individual production with projects that involve the whole team and invited professionals.
Filmography
Where I Grow Old (2016)
A Falta que me Faz / Like Water Through Stone (2009)
Acácio (2008)
Aboio / Cattle Callers (2005)
Awards
Cattle Callers
Best film 10th It's All True – International Documentary Festival (Brazil);
Best sound track and best sound 9th CinePE (Brazil);
Best film 10th Rio de Janeiro International Ethnographic Film Festival (Brazil).
Screenings
Like Water Through Stone
39th Film Festival Rotterdam (Netherlands)
42nd Brasília Festival of Brazilian Film (Brazil)
13th Tiradentes Film Festival (Brazil)
Acacio
38th International Film Festival Rotterdam (Netherlands)
11th BAFICI - Buenos Aires Independent Film Festival (Argentina)
DocLisboa 2009 (Portugal)
24th Guadalajara International Film Festival (Mexico)
10th International Film Festival of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria (Spain)
32nd São Paulo International Film Festival (Brazil)
SANFIC5 -Santiago International Festival (Chile)
13th Lima International Festival (Peru)
31st Havana Film Festival (Cuba)
12th Tiradentes Film Festival (Brazil)
forumdoc.bh.2008 - International Documentary Festival (Brazil)
I Semana dos Realizadores (Brazil)
Cattle Callers
MoMA - The Museum of Modern Art (USA)
21st Guadalajara International Film Festival (Mexico)
41st Karlovy Vary International Film Festival (Czech Republic)
9th Rencontres internationales du documentaire de Montréal (Canada)
7th Tempo Documentary Festival (Sweden)
10th It's All True – International Documentary Festival (Brazil)
Rio International Festival (Brazil)
9th CinePE (Brazil)
FICA – International Festival of Environmental Film and Video (Brazil)
10th Rio de Janeiro International Ethnographic Film Festival (Brazil)
10th FAM - Florianópolis Audiovisual Mercosul (Brazil)
Indie2005 - World Film Festival (Brazil)
9th Tiradentes Film Festival (Brazil)
Les Écrans Documentaires (France)
Rencontres Internationales Paris/Berlin (France)
References
External links
Official website mariliarocha.com
Marilia Rocha's Vimeo channel
Teia Films
Cinelatinoamericano.org
Revista Cinética - A Falta que me Faz
Revista Cinética - Aboio
1978 births
Brazilian artists
Brazilian contemporary artists
Living people
Brazilian film directors
Place of birth missing (living people)
Konaklı, Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 86 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Catherine Anne Chichester-Cooke (1942–2004), known as Catherine Cooke, was a British architect and a Russian scholar of international renown. She was lecturer in design at the Open University and also lectured and taught at the Department of Architecture at the University of Cambridge.
Life
Cooke was born in Bishop's Stortford on 2 August 1942, the only child of a brigadier in the Royal Engineers. She trained as an architect between 1961-7 at the Department of Architecture at the University of Cambridge, where she was one of a handful of women students in her year. After a short spell in architectural practice in Helsinki, notably not at the office of the Finnish architect Alvar Aalto as her father wanted, and then at Casson Condor in London, she returned to Cambridge to undertake her Ph.D. on Soviet Town Planning, which she completed in 1975.
Since then, Cooke's interests broadened to cover all aspects of Soviet avant-garde design and Soviet architecture and town planning, and particularly Russian Constructivist architecture. She wrote, was an editor and lectured extensively on these subjects. Her editorial involvement with the Architectural Design magazine published by Academy Books led to a number of publications on Russian architects and designers such as Chernikhov. Particularly well known are her publications on the Russian Avant-garde and Constructivism in the post 1917 era. A fluent Russian speaker, Cooke was significantly instrumental in raising awareness in the West both about Russian visual culture and the sorry plight of a number of Soviet buildings, which she did through her UK chairmanship of Docomomo (the international working party for the documentation and conservation of buildings, sites and neighbourhoods of the Modern Movement).
Cooke amassed a significant collection of books, posters, and ephemera over the course of her working life. The Catherine Cooke collection is now housed in Cambridge University Library. In July 2012, an exhibition of items from the collection was opened in the library's public exhibition centre.
Cooke died following a road accident in Cambridge on 20 February 2004, when "at the height of a research and writing career".
Works
Her contributions include:
(ed.), The Avant-Garde (AD magazine, 1988)
(ed.), Fantasy and Construction – Iakov Chernikhov (AD magazine, vol 59 no 7–8, London 1989)
Architectural Drawings of the Russian Avant-Garde (MOMA, 1990)
(with Igor Kazus) Soviet Architectural Competitions (Phaidon, 1992)
Russian Avant-Garde: Theories of Art, Architecture and the City, Academy Editions, London, 1995
(with Dennis Sharp) DOCOMOMO: The Modern Movement in Architecture, Uitgeverij, 010 Publishers, 2000.
References
1942 births
2004 deaths
English architectural historians
20th-century English architects
Academics of the Open University
British women architects
British women historians
Mercantile Bank Limited is a commercial bank headquartered in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
History
It is a public limited company with limited liability under the bank companies act, 1991. Its share are listed in Dhaka Stock Exchange and Chittagong Stock Exchange. The bank provide products and services in retail banking, corporate finance, Islamic finance, asset management, equity brokerage and security. It has 119 branches in Bangladesh and employs around 2,300 employees.
See also
Mercantile Bank (disambiguation)
List of banks in Bangladesh
References
External links
Website
Mercantile bank limited Review
Banks of Bangladesh
Companies listed on the Dhaka Stock Exchange
Companies listed on the Chittagong Stock Exchange
Banks established in 1999
Banks of Bangladesh with Islamic banking services
1999 establishments in Bangladesh
Ondřej Bačo (born 25 March 1996) is a Czech footballer.
Club career
He made his Czech First League debut for Fastav Zlín on 18 November 2016 in a game against Vysočina Jihlava.
On 1 August 2021, signed for the Israeli Premier League club Hapoel Jerusalem.
Honours
Czech Cup
Winner (1): 2016-17
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Czech footballers
Czech Republic under-21 international footballers
FC Fastav Zlín players
SK Líšeň players
CS Gaz Metan Mediaș players
Hapoel Jerusalem F.C. players
Czech First League players
Czech National Football League players
Liga I players
Israeli Premier League players
Association football defenders
Czech expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Israel
1975 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 69th water polo championship in Hungary. There were twelve teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
Országos Bajnokság I
Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo)
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The Kåfjord Copper Works (, originally Alten Copper Mines and later Alten Copper Works) was a company established in 1826 to mine copper in Kåfjord, Norway.
After the discovery of copper ore in the area in the 17th century, exploration for ore started in the 18th century. The copper works in Kåfjord operated from 1826 to 1878 under English owners, and again from 1896 to 1909 under Swedish owners.
1826–1878: Alten Copper Mines / Alten Copper Works
John Rice Crowe (1795–1877) and Henry Dick Woodfall (1796–1869) founded Alten Copper Mines, probably in 1826, to extract copper ore in the Alta area. Crowe had started trading in Hammerfest around 1820. Crowe and Woodfall both acted as directors of the company in Kåfjord, which changed its name to Alten Copper Works after some time. Operations started in 1826 with 11 workers from the Røros Copper Works.
On May 17, 1827, Maret Aslaksdatter from Dullan in Kåfjord signed a contract whereby she transferred to John Rice Crowe the right to exploit the copper ore deposits found at Kåfjord. In return, she received 50 våger (about ) of whole-grain rye flour in payment. Some sources also state that she received a small pension paid by the copper works.
John Rice Crowe also had interests in copper works outside of Alta. In 1827, together with merchants from Hammerfest and Tromsø, he founded the Quenangen Mining Association to start mining in Kvænangen in Troms.
Individual mines
The "Big Mine" (Storgruva) in Kåfjord, which was located above Strømsnes, was also called the Marit Mine (Maritgruva) in memory of Maret Aslaksdatter. The four other mines that were set up in Kåfjord by 1827 were named after stakeholders in the copper works: the Woodfall Mine (Woodfalls gruve), Crowe Mine (Crowes gruve), Ward Mine (Wards gruve), and Nellen Mine (Nellens gruve). All of these were in the mountains above Kåfjord. The Raipa Mine (Raipas gruve) is located on a ridge known as Lille-Raipas and is believed to have been opened in 1685. Two men from Alta presented two ore samples at a meeting in Sørøya in that year, and the description of the site indicates that the samples came from Raipas. Alten Copper Works operated the mine from 1836 to 1869. The Raipas Mine and the "Old Mine" (Gammelgruva) in Kåfjord were the two most important mines for the copper works in Kåfjord.
1826–1844: The first decades
In its first few years, the copper works in Kåfjord was the only one in Norway without its own smelting hut. This is because the owners were uncertain whether the enterprise would pay off at all and therefore would not invest in a smelting hut. Instead, the ore was sent to the United Kingdom for smelting, with the stipulation that the crude material be crushed and carefully sorted in advance so as not to transport too much stone in relation to copper. Initially, the ore was transported by horse from the crushing facility to the harbor, but in 1828 a railway line was built from the crushing facility to the sea. With this, the Alten Copper Works established the northernmost rail line in the world.
Woodfall resigned from his executive position at the Alten Copper Works in 1840. Crowe remained the director until 1844, when his successor Stephen Henry Thomas took over. Unlike Woodfall and Crowe, Thomas had a mining education; he was a chemical engineer and a few years earlier had relocated from Cornwall to become the mining foreman in Kåfjord. Thomas served as the director from 1844 to 1857, and he was the first foreign citizen to be elected to a seat in the Storting.
The Alten Copper Mines was Norway's largest iron and copper works in 1840 by number of employees. At the same time, Kåfjord was the largest settlement in Finnmark. In the 1835 census, Kåfjord had a population of 655, or 388 Norwegians (including Swedes), 253 women, 12 Englishmen, and two Germans. As the co-director of the Alten Copper Works, Woodfall was skeptical of Crowe's proposal to select miners from England to operate the mine in Alta. He worried that imported skilled workers would come into conflict with the Norwegian and Swedish workers. Nonetheless, eight miners were brought in from Cornwall. The English workers had been promised higher wages than the local workers, and when they arrived at Kåfjord they demanded additional wage increases because they felt that the operating conditions were particularly challenging. Woodfall and Crowe eventually concluded that it was too expensive to use English workers, and six of them were returned to Cornwall in September 1827. Suggestions were later made to bring back English professionals, but Woodfall remained opposed to imported labor. Instead, over the years he made several trips to the mines at Røros and Folldal to recruit people. He wanted the new workers to bring their wives and children to Kåfjord so that they would settle there permanently. Under these circumstances, the company would also have to pay the travel expenses for the workers' families, but Woodfall considered this a necessary long-term investment to establish a permanent mining community in Kåfjord. In this way, there would be better prospects for the workers to remain in Kåfjord, and the local labor force would increase in the long run. For the same reason, Woodfall primarily wanted to hire workers that had no debt to repay at their previous residence; many people sought work at Kåfjord only to make money to pay off their farms at home and they would return to their farms as soon as they had become debt free. When such workers left Kåfjord, the copper works had to recruit and train new workers, and this limited the effectiveness of its production.
The mining community had its own shop (opened in 1829), school (built in 1829), and church (consecrated in 1837). The workers lived in log houses owned by the company, usually housing one family. Kvens were housed separately at Kreta () at the outflow of the Mathis River into the fjord, where the Kven children also had their own school for a few years. A bridge was built across the Inner Strait (Innerstrømmen) in 1836 so that the Kven would not have to rely on a boat to get to work.
Crowe and Woodfall brought the philanthropic factory tradition from their homeland, which involved not only putting people to work but also ensuring their welfare. They took care of widows of factory workers and their families, and in Kåfjord they built a small industrial community based on the English model with their own homes and a health center for the employees. The factory operated its own grocery store with its own bakery and brewery. There were also free schools, one for the children from Kreta with instruction in Kven, and one in Kåfjord for the Norwegians. In 1861 it was decided in Norway that no one should be taught in Kven. Nonetheless, this was still done in the lower and upper grades.
In the works' civic building, Ultima Thule was founded as the world's northernmost theater company, with seating for 200 people, in 1840. The plays were performed in English, but there was a full house every time a new performance was staged. When Crowe left Kåfjord in 1845, the theater performances ended and the venue was later used as a party venue. The building also contained a library with a reading rooms for the workers, with everything from classical literature to new journals on science and technology.
1844–1878: The last decades
The company's new director, Stephen Henry Thomas, joined in 1844. In contemporary documents he is referred to as the manager of the works. He was originally from Cornwall, was educated as a chemical engineer, and had been the mining foreman at the Kåfjord works since the 1830s. He was as involved with his employees as his predecessors Woodfall and Crowe had been. Alta Church was built based on plans that he made, and this is a strong indication that he had designed Kåfjord Church a few years earlier.
However, copper prices fell on the world market, and the Quenangen Mining Association, which had been launched in 1827 by John Rice Crowe, was increasingly experiencing economic problems. At the end of the 1840s, this company sold the mines in Kvænangen to Alten Copper Mines, but the Kvænangen plant remained a separate company until 1857, when the two works were formally merged into one company.
Thomas left Alten Copper Mines in 1857, when he went to Chile to become director general of the Copiapo Smelting Company. The year before, he had become the first foreigner to be elected a representative of the Storting. Activity at the copper works continued to fluctuate in line with international copper prices. In the 1860s prices dropped drastically, and operations at the copper works tapered off. Alten Copper Mines was shut down in 1878.
1896–1909: New operation with Swedish owners
The company Alten Copper Mines was merged with Sulitjelma Aktiebolag in 1896. The operations in Kåfjord were resumed with Swedish owners under the name Alten Kobbergruver the same year. Then the copper works in Kåfjord were modernized. The smelting hut was torn down and an electric power station was set up on the Møllnes River (Møllneselva) in 1903. In 1909 the mines were exhausted and the operation was found to be unprofitable. Laurits A. Heitmann purchased the works' properties after the closure.
1944: Occupation forces burn Kåfjord
In the fall of 1944, all of the buildings at the site except for the church were burned during the German retreat.
References
External links
Kåfjord - byen som forsvant med kopper ressursene (Kåfjord: The Town That Disappeared Together with Its Copper Resources), article published by the Alta Museum
History of Finnmark
Copper smelters
Alta, Norway
Copper mining companies of Norway
Bieliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Bieliny
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1967 season.
League standings
Norrland
Svealand
Norra Götaland
Södra Götaland
Allsvenskan promotion playoffs
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Dikmen is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
History
The village was established by the immigrants of post 1877-1878 Russo-Turkish War from Ottoman Thessaly state, Yenisehir town (). Yörük people also settled in the village after they stopped living a nomadic lifestyle.
Geography
Dikmen is located 25 km away from Antalya city center, 13 km from Serik district, 2 km from Kadriye municipality, 3 km from Antalya-Serik land route.
Population
References
Villages in Serik District
Elze () is a town in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Leine, approximately west of Hildesheim. The municipality of Elze also comprises the villages of Esbeck, Mehle, Sehlde, Sorsum, Wittenburg and Wülfingen.
Elze is one of the oldest settlement in the area, as its name stems from , a castle of Charlemagne which he had established about 800 in the Saxon estates after his victory over duke Widukind in the Saxon Wars. The emperor also founded a missionary diocese here, dedicated to Saints Peter and Paul which became the origin of the Bishopric of Hildesheim. King Louis the Pious relocated the episcopal see to Hildesheim in 815, however the Lutheran parish church is still devoted to Peter and Paul and the saints are also depicted in the town's coat of arms.
The village of Wittenburg is the site of a former Augustininan canons regular monastery, established in the 14th century in the place of a former castle, maybe erected by members of the Billung dynasty as early as 805. The abbey decayed in the course of the Protestant Reformation, while the Gothic monastery church is preserved.
In 1856 the Kingdom of Hanover opened the Hanoverian Southern Railway (Hannöversche Südbahn) from Hanover to Kassel with a station in Elze. After the annexation by Prussia in 1866, the town became an important railway junction with the building of the Elze–Löhne railway (Weserbahn) to Löhne in Westphalia by entrepreneur Bethel Henry Strousberg, finished in 1875. Elze is also the junction of the Bundesstraße 1 and Bundesstraße 3 federal highways.
Notable people
Justus Gesenius (1601-1673), Lutheran theologian
Johann Heinrich Louis Krüger (1857-1923), mathematician
Philipp Furtwängler, (1800-1867), organ builder,
Philipp Furtwängler, (1869-1940), mathematician (number theorist)
Günter Halm, (born 1922), bearer of the Knight's Cross and Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Twin town
Écouché, France since 1972
References
Towns in Lower Saxony
Hildesheim (district)
Castello del Terriccio is an Italian winery in Tuscany near the Tyrrhenian Sea. Proprietor Dr. Gian Annibale Rossi di Medelana noted the success of Sassicaia and intends to make his own version. Its grand vin is the eponymous Castello del Terriccio.
The vineyard introduced Lupicaia in the 1993 vintage; it is a Cabernet Sauvignon-based red wine blend with Merlot and Petit Verdot. The component wine varieties of Lupicaia ferment separately in stainless steel tanks, and aged in barrique for 18 to 24 months before blending and bottling.
Wine criticism
The 2010 vintage was given a score of 95 by Wine Advocate. The 2005 vintage was given a score of 18/20 by Jancis Robinson.
References
External links
History of Tuscan wine
Wineries of Italy
Etlingera baculutea is a monocotyledonous plant species described by Axel Dalberg Poulsen and Ibrahim. Etlingera baculutea is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
baculutea
Plants described in 2006
Scorched earth is the military strategy or operational policy of destroying everything useful to the enemy in areas that cannot be defended.
Scorched Earth may also refer to:
Books
Scorched Earth: Australia's Secret Plan for Total War a 2017 book by Sue Rosen
Scorched Earth, a 2013 novel, the seventh and final book in the Henderson's Boys series by Robert Muchamore
Games
Scorched Earth (video game), a 1991 artillery game for IBM PC compatibles
"Scorched Earth", a DLC for the survival game Ark: Survival Evolved
Films and television
Scorched Earth (1969 film), a Norwegian drama film
Scorched Earth (2018 film), a Canadian sci-fi film
"Scorched Earth", a 2000 episode of the fourth season of Stargate SG-1
Scorched Earth (Law & Order: Special Victims Unit), a 2011 episode of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Music
"Scorched Earth", a song from Avatar: Music from the Motion Picture
"Scorched Earth", a song by Van der Graaf Generator from the album Godbluff
Other
Operation Scorched Earth, a Saudi military operation in the north of Yemen
Scorched Earth, a board wargame in the Europa series by Game Designers' Workshop
Scorched-earth defense, a form of risk arbitrage and anti-takeover strategy
Scorched-Earth Policy, an American heavy metal band
Scorching the Earth, a tactic in British Parliamentary Debating
Viola persicifolia, the fen violet, is a violet (family Violaceae), native to central and northern Europe and northern Asia. In the British Isles it is very rare, occurring in a few fens in England and near the western coast of Ireland.
Description
The fen violet grows to a height of from a creeping rhizome, with narrow, triangular leaves across. The flowers are produced in late spring to early summer, diameter, pale bluish or yellowish-white with a short, greenish or yellowish spur. The petals are rounded and broad in relation to their width.
Distribution and habitat
This violet occurs in native to central and northern Europe and northern Asia. Its habitat is confined to very local damp, lime-rich places, in long herbage (fens and limy marshes).
The plant is fussy about where it grows; seeds germinates in the spring on moist bare patches of base-rich peaty soil, but the seedlings only become established if the soil surface becomes drier. Most seeds germinate in close proximity to the parent plant so dispersal is limited. Habitat disturbance may cause the violet to disappear from a former habitat, but the seeds are very long-lived and new plants sometimes appear many years later.
In the British Isles, it is rare, confined to eastern and northern England and damp hollows with limestone soils in western Ireland. Efforts are being made to re-introduce it to newly suitable habitat in the Fens as part of the Great Fen Project. It occurs at a few locations in Northern Ireland, on rocky limestone lake shores around Upper Lough Erne and in turloughs or ephemeral pools around Fardrum, in County Fermanagh, and because of its rarity there, it is listed as a Northern Ireland Priority Species.
References
persicifolia
Flora of Europe
Flora of Finland
Flora of Russia
Flora of Great Britain
Elton (also Hutchinsons Mill) is an unincorporated community in Summers County, West Virginia, United States. It lies to the northeast of the city of Hinton, the county seat of Summers County. Its elevation is 1,749 feet (533 m). Elton had a post office, with the ZIP code of 25965, until it closed on July 11, 2009.
The name Elton most likely was derived from the name of a local family.
References
Unincorporated communities in Summers County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
ASFOSA Lomé is a Togolese football club based in Lomé. They play in the Togolese Second Division.
In 1966 the team has won the Togolese Championnat National.
Stadium
Their home stadium is Stade Agoè-Nyivé.
Achievements
Togolese Championnat National: 2
1985, 1986
Performance in CAF competitions
African Cup of Champions Clubs: 2 appearances
1986 African Cup of Champions Clubs: First Round
1987 African Cup of Champions Clubs: First Round
External links
References
Football clubs in Togo
Football clubs in Lomé
Statistics of Division 2 for the 1925–26 season.
League standings
Division 2 Uppsvenska Serien 1925–26
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
No teams from Uppsvenska Serien were allowed to be promoted to Allsvenskan, due to both geographic and economic reasons.
Division 2 Mellansvenska Serien 1925–26
Division 2 Östsvenska Serien 1925–26
Division 2 Västsvenska Serien 1925–26
Division 2 Sydsvenska Serien 1925–26
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
The 1963 BYU Cougars football team represented Brigham Young University in the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during the 1963 NCAA University Division football season. In their third and final season under head coach Hal Mitchell, the Cougars compiled a 2–8 record (0–4 against conference opponents), finished fifth in the WAC, and were outscored by a combined total of 222 to 91.
The team's statistical leaders included Phil Brady with 318 rushing yards and 448 yards of total offense, Ron Stewart with 160 passing yards, Bruce Smith with 178 receiving yards, and Frank Baker with 23 points scored.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Indigofera glaucescens is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae, native to the Cape Provinces of South Africa. It is consumed by common warthogs (Phacochoerus africanus).
References
glaucescens
Endemic flora of South Africa
Flora of the Cape Provinces
Plants described in 1836
The 1973 Derby Borough Council election took place on 7 June 1973 to elect members of Derby Borough Council in England. This was on the same day as other local elections. Voting took place across 18 wards, each electing 3 Councillors. Following the Local Government Act 1972, this was the first election to the new non-metropolitan district council for Derby, which came into being on 1 April the following year. The Labour Party took control of the Council after winning a majority of seats.
Overall results
|-
| colspan=2 style="text-align: right; margin-right: 1em" | Total
| style="text-align: right;" | 54
| colspan=5 |
| style="text-align: right;" | 42,441
| style="text-align: right;" |
Ward results
Abbey
Allestree
Alvaston
Arboretum
Babington
Breadsall
Chaddesden
Chellaston
Darley
Derwent
Friar Gate
Litchurch
Littleover
Mickleover
Normanton
Osmanton
Pear Tree
Spondon
References
1973 English local elections
June 1973 events in the United Kingdom
1973
1970s in Derbyshire
is a UK Supreme Court case that reconsidered the test used for determining dishonesty.
Facts
Phil Ivey, an American professional poker player, played and won a series of games of Punto Banco—a variant of baccarat—at Crockfords Casino in London, owned by Genting Casinos (UK) Ltd. The casino did not pay out the £7.7m he had won, as they believed Ivey had cheated by using edge sorting. Ivey sued the casino to recover his winnings.
Both Ivey and the casino agreed that the contract contained an implied term forbidding cheating. Ivey's lawyers argued that the appropriate test for whether cheating occurred was the same for contract as it was in section 42 of the Gambling Act 2005, and that cheating necessitated dishonesty, which had not been shown.
At trial, Judge John Mitting held that cheating had occurred and the contract was thus invalid. The Court of Appeal upheld the trial judge's ruling 2–1.
Decision
The Supreme Court held that Ivey had cheated, and was thus not entitled to the payment sought from Genting Casinos. Lord Hughes considered at length whether the existing test for dishonesty was acceptable, noting that dishonesty in civil contexts is judged objectively. The existing test had been developed in the case R v Ghosh, and required firstly that the act would be considered dishonest by an ordinary, reasonable person, and secondly that the accused would have realised that what they were doing was, by those standards, dishonest. This second component was ruled to be inadequate and only the first part of the earlier test was applied.
Reception
In the High Court case of DPP v Patterson, Sir Brian Leveson observed that:
David Ormerod and Karl Laird criticised the direction of the law following Ivey, arguing that the lack of a subjective element will lead to uncertainty and a possible human rights challenge under Article 7, citing a prior challenge to Ghosh.
References
External links
Judgment on BAILII
Supreme Court of the United Kingdom cases
Gambling case law
2017 in British law
Pasikonie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 170.
References
Pasikonie
Jacob Thorssell (born 24 July 1993 in Åtvidaberg, Sweden) is a Swedish motorcycle speedway rider with the Wolverhampton Wolves in the Elite League.
Career
Thorssell is best known to Speedway fans in the UK for his time racing with the Wolverhampton Wolves who he joined in 2012. He was signed as a replacement for Pontus Aspgren who had picked up an injury. After impressing at Wolves, Thorssell was announced in the permanent line-up for the 2013 season. After continuing to impress in 2013 and also in 2014 Thorssell made the step up to being one of Wolverhampton's 3 heat leaders for the 2015 season, and was the first rider to be announced in their team.
References
Swedish motorcycle racers
1993 births
Living people
Wolverhampton Wolves riders
Swedish speedway riders
Aaron Covington (born June 5, 1984) is an American screenwriter and sound designer from Northwest Indiana.
Early life
He attended Ohio State University and graduated from the University of Southern California in 2011 with a MFA in film production. He took part in numerous productions for the USC School of Cinematic Arts as a sound designer.
Career
Covington co-wrote the screenplay for the 2015 film Creed, a spin-off-sequel to the Rocky film series, starring Sylvester Stallone and Michael B. Jordan, with Ryan Coogler, who also directed the film. Covington is a personal friend of Coogler, and the two worked together with Stallone to green-light the film with MGM studios.
Covington wrote and directed the storyline for the MyCareer mode in the video game NBA 2K17.
References
External links
Creed — Official Movie Site
Living people
American male screenwriters
People from Michigan City, Indiana
USC School of Cinematic Arts alumni
1984 births
Screenwriters from Indiana
Nibbāna: The Mind Stilled (Sinhalese: නිවනේ නිවීම, Nivanē nivīma) is the translation of a series of 33 sermons delivered in Sinhala by Venerable Bhikkhu Katukurunde Ñāṇananda during the late 1980s & early 1990s. The main focus of the sermons was on the psychological import of the term nibbāna and the deeper philosophical implications underlying this much-vexed term. The first volume of the 7-volume series was published in 2003.
History
It was inspired by an invitation that came from his revered teacher, the late venerable Matara Sri Ñāṇārāma Mahathera, the chief incumbent of the Nissarana Vanaya Hermitage in Meetirigala and an illustrious exponent of Insight Meditation in Sri Lanka. The sermons were delivered once every fortnight before the group of resident monks from August 1988 to January 1991. Thirty three sermons have been published in seven volumes.
Venerable Ñāṇananda had already written four books during the early phase of his monk's life at Island Hermitage, Dodanduwa. They were Concept and Reality in Early Buddhist Thought, Samyutta Nikaya – An Anthology(Part 2), Ideal Solitude and The Magic of the Mind.
He came under the tutelage of the late venerable Matara Sri Ñāṇārama Mahathera, when he shifted to Nissarana Vanaya Hermitage in 1972. The meeting of these two eminent disciples of the Buddha in a teacher-pupil relationship for nearly two decades, led to an outstanding seminal contribution to the understanding of Dhamma in its correct perspective.
What's inside?
Nibbāna - the Bliss Supreme(Dhammapada 203) is the goal of the spiritual endeavour in Buddhism. It has been variously understood and interpreted by scholars both ancient and modern. Bhikkhu Ñāṇananda has followed a line of interpretation which highlights the psychological import of the term nibbāna drawing out at the same time the deeper philosophical implications underlying this much-vexed term. The original meaning and significance of the term nibbāna has been examined in the light of the evidence from the discourses of the Pali canon. The thoroughgoing analysis has entailed a reappraisal of some of the most controversial discourses on nibbāna.
In his analysis he has ventured to re-interpret the discourses dealing with the law of Dependent arising (paṭiccasmuppāda) and the Middle Path. He has taken the opportunity to expatiate on the topics he has dealt in brief in his 'Concept and Reality' and 'Magic of the Mind'. His novel interpretation of the Law of Dependent arising in terms of a Vortex finds fuller expression here. So also the via media he has suggested in pointing to the ‘Relative validity and Pragmatic value of concepts'.
This middle path approach reasserts the ethical foundation of Early Buddhism and reaffirms the prospect of inward peace ‘here-and-now'. The penetrative analysis of the role of language and logic has in it much that is revealing and refreshing to the semantic philosopher.
The sermons are currently being studied in the context of early Buddhist thought in a free-of-charge three-year e-learning program (2017-2018) offered by Bhikkhu Anālayo of the Numata Center for Buddhist Studies at the University of Hamburg in cooperation with the Barre Center for Buddhist Studies (Mass.).
Topics covered
Free Distribution of Dhamma
The venerable author of this series has also effected a significant change in the methods adopted to reach the seekers of Dhamma. Drawing inspiration from the dictum "The Gift of Dhamma excels all other gifts"(Dhammapada 354) he has specified that all publications should be distributed free as ‘gifts of Dhamma'. The Free Distribution of Dhamma (dhammadāna-ideal) has been upheld by the Buddha in the following exhortation to the monks:
{| style="border:darkgray solid 2px;background-color:#E5E5E5;padding: 0px 2px 2px 2px;"
|“Monks, there are these two kinds of gifts: the gift of material things and the gift of Dhamma. Of these two gifts, monks, this is supreme (namely): the gift of Dhamma.”
“Monks, there are these two kinds of distribution: the distribution of material things and the distribution of Dhamma. Of these two kinds of distribution, monks, this is supreme (namely): the distribution of Dhamma.”
(Itivuttaka 3.5.9)
|}
A group of lay enthusiasts initiated a Dhamma Publications Trust (Sinhala: Dharma Grantha Mudrana Bhaaraya - D.G.M.B.) to bring out the sermons in book form providing an opportunity to the Buddhist public to contribute towards the publication. A few years later an affiliated Trust (Sinhala: Dharma Shravana Maadhya Bhaaraya - D.S.M.B.) was set up to make the sermons available in audio form-again as a free gift to the Buddhist public.
This benevolent movement has a spiritual dimension in reaffirming the age-old Buddhist values attached to dhammadāna, fast eroding before the hungry waves of commercialization. It has proved its worth by creating a healthy cultural atmosphere in which the readers and listeners shared the 'Dhamma-gift' with others, thus moulding the links of salutary friendship (kalyāna-mittatā) indispensable for the continuity of Buddhism.
As the Venerable author emphasizes, Dhamma deserves no ‘price-tag' precisely because it is ‘price-less'. Is everything that comes free to us, necessarily worthless? What about the air and the sunshine?
Many a parched traveller on the desert path has had a refreshing drink of the nectar of Dhamma free of charge ever since. Many an enthusiastic benevolent heart seized the opportunity to participate in a genuine act of dhammadāna.
It is in point of merit that the "gift of Dhamma excels all other gifts". Dhamma is the nectar that quenches the insatiate samsaric (pali:saṃsāra: Cycle of rebirth) thirst of beings. The gift of Dhamma is therefore of far greater merit than an ordinary gift of food or drink.(AN 9,5)
For those who are magnanimous- Dhammadāna is forever an unfailing source of altruistic joy.
English translation
See also
Conceptual proliferation
References
External links
Entry in National Library of Sri Lanka site
Entry in the British Library
Books and talks by Ven. Nanananda Thera
Interviews with Ven. Nanananda Thera
Buddhist philosophy
Buddhist meditation
Buddhist sermons
Mya Nyein () was the Deputy Speaker of the Amyotha Hluttaw, the upper house of Burma's parliament, the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw, elected to the post from 31 January 2011 to 29 January 2016. He was also the chairman of the Bills Committee in the Pyithu Hluttaw (2011–15).
References
Members of the House of Nationalities
People from Yangon Region
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a defender for Renofa Yamaguchi FC.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Association football defenders
Yokohama F. Marinos players
Kataller Toyama players
Giravanz Kitakyushu players
Renofa Yamaguchi FC players
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Association football people from Kagoshima Prefecture
Parliamentary elections were held in Madagascar on 16 June 1993, the first following the approval of a new constitution in a referendum that reintroduced full multi-party democracy the previous year.
The Committee of Active Forces won the most seats, whilst parties aligned with President Albert Zafy won 75 seats in total. Voter turnout was 54.68%.
Results
References
Elections in Madagascar
1993 in Madagascar
Madagascar
June 1993 events in Africa
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Belenli can refer to:
Belenli, Bayramören
Belenli, Çınar
Belenli, Kahta
Belenli, Kaş
Belenli, Kemer
Gritz may refer to:
People
Bo Gritz (born 1939), US Army Special Forces officer
Other
Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz, a 2002 musical album by the rap sextet Nappy Roots
Gritz Blitz, a nickname for the 1977 Atlanta Falcons defense that allowed the fewest points per game (9.2) in NFL history
Mallory Elton Walker (May 22, 1935, New Orleans — December 7, 2014, Anaheim, California) was an American operatic tenor and music educator who had an active international singing career in operas and concerts from the late 1950s until his death in 2014. His career was at its height during the 1960s and 1970s when he was busy with many important opera companies in the United States and had engagements in European opera houses. His career hit a slump in the early 1980s due to vocal difficulties, and afterwards his major engagements became less frequent. He taught on the voice faculty at the Boston Conservatory of Music and out of a private voice studio in Los Angeles.
Life and career
Born in New Orleans, Walker earned a Bachelor of Music degree from Occidental College in Los Angeles which he attended on a full vocal scholarship. He began his singing career as a member of the United States Army Chorus in 1957. He made his professional opera debut portraying Tom Rakewell in The Rake's Progress at the Washington National Opera in 1959. He then became a soloist with the Robert Shaw Chorale, with whom he toured the United States performing the tenor solos in Johann Sebastian Bach's Mass in B minor in 1960. He recorded the work under Robert Shaw's baton for the RCA Victor label.
In 1960 Walker entered the Metropolitan Opera Studio, the Metropolitan Opera's school for young opera singers, where he was a pupil of George Schick and Cornelius Reid. That same year he sang Ferrando in Mozarts's Così Fan Tutte at Lincoln Center for a performance attended by New York City public school children under the auspices of the Student Program of Lincoln Center and the Metropolitan Opera Guild. In 1962 he made his debut at the San Francisco Opera (SFO) as Belmonte in Die Entführung aus dem Serail, and returned there the following year as Tamino in The Magic Flute.
In 1963-1964 Walker was a resident artist at the Oldenburgisches Staatstheater. He then became a resident artist at the Cologne Opera from 1964-1966. Other contracts soon followed with such companies as the Cincinnati Opera, the Houston Grand Opera, the Lyric Opera of Kansas City, the Miami Opera, and the New Orleans Opera among others. In 1971 he created the role of Jonathan Gilourin in the world premiere of Dominick Argento's Colonel Jonathan the Saint at the Denver Lyric Opera. In 1974 he was handpicked by Sir Georg Solti to sing the role of the Evangelist in Bach's St Matthew Passion with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra (CSO). He returned twice more for performances with Solti and the CSO for performances of the Shepherd in Stravinsky's Oedipus Rex (1976) and Beethoven's Missa Solemnis (1977); the latter of which was recorded for London Records.
In 1978 Walker made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1978, as Captain Vere in Billy Budd. He returned to the SFO in 1979 for performances in Death in Venice, La Fanciulla del West, and Gianni Schicchi. In the early 1980s his career hit a slump as he began to experience vocal difficulties. He took work anywhere he could get, including singing in opera choruses and as a church soloist. He attracted attention again at the Mostly Mozart Festival in 1984 when he replaced an ailing Jerry Hadley in the title role of Mozart's Idomeneo. Walker had been a member of the opera chorus and stepped in with less than a day's notice to very positive reviews in The New York Times. In 1985 he portrayed Kabuki in the world premiere of Minoru Miki's Joruri at the Opera Theatre of Saint Louis. After this his performances with major companies were infrequent, although he remained active as a concert soloist, chorus singer and church singer until his death in 2014 at the age of 79.
Some of the other roles Walker performed on stage during his career included Alfredo in La Traviata, Alwa in Lulu, Don Ottavio in Don Giovanni, Fenton in Verdi's Falstaff, Ferrando in Così fan tutte, Nadir in Les pêcheurs de perles, Rodolfo in La Bohème, and the title role in Albert Herring.
References
1935 births
2014 deaths
American operatic tenors
Boston Conservatory at Berklee faculty
Occidental College alumni
Beaver Technology Center is a public elementary school in Garland, Texas.
History
Beaver Technology Center, formerly Beaver Elementary, is named after Mrs. Edith Beaver. Mrs. Beaver and her husband, James Beaver, farmed the land where the school stands. Luke Abbett, the first principal of this school opened the doors to Edith Beaver Elementary in 1960 for 279 students and 12 teachers. The teachers did everything: library, music, art, core subjects, and lunch and recess duty for the 30 plus students in their classes. Within five years, Beaver's population swelled to 650 students, eventually maxing out with over 800 students.
Magnet Program
Beaver Technology Center is an elementary magnet school in the Garland Independent School District located in Garland, Texas. Beaver Elementary opened in 1960. In 1997 it reopened as a magnet school for students who have a special interest in math, science and technology, also known as MSTs. Beaver Technology Center is one of two MSTs in Garland, serving students in west Garland, north Garland and Sachse. Watson Technology Center, Beaver's sister school, serves east and south Garland, as well as the community of Rowlett.
In 2009, the school was rated "exemplary" by the Texas Education Agency.
Statistics (per 2010)
The attendance rate for students at the school is 95%, compared with a state average of 96%. 44% of the students at Beaver are economically disadvantaged, 9% enroll in special education, 4% enroll in gifted and talent programs.
The ethnic makeup of the school is 31.8% Hispanic, 25.7% African American, 29.3% White, non-Hispanic, 20.0% Asian/Pacific Islander, and less than 1% Native American.
The average class sizes at Beaver are 21 students per class (with the exception of kindergarten).
Teachers at the school carry, on average, 10 years of teaching experience and 7% of the teachers on staff are first-year teachers.
Feeder Patterns
Garland ISD is a Free Choice school district, which allows the parent to choose which school his or her children want to attend within the district.
See also
Garland Independent School District
Garland, Texas
Magnet School
References
External links
Beaver Technology Center
Educational institutions established in 1960
Public elementary schools in Texas
Magnet schools in Texas
Education in Garland, Texas
Schools in Dallas County, Texas
1960 establishments in Texas
Ostrówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 1,700.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Libya first participated at the Olympic Games in 1964, and has sent athletes to compete in most Summer Olympic Games since then. The nation boycotted the 1976 Games along with most other African nations, and also boycotted the 1984 Games. Libya has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
To date, no Libyan athlete has ever won an Olympic medal.
The National Olympic Committee for Libya was created in 1962 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1963.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Libya at the Olympics
Libya at the Paralympics
External links
Yarbaşıçandırı, Konyaaltı is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Dabble Bank is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the County Durham district of County Durham, England. It lies about 1 km west of the village of Haswell and about 9 km east of the city of Durham.
The site is important for its communities of nationally scarce grassland on Magnesian Limestone and in particular for its unusual location, in a small valley cut into the limestone plateau.
A feature of the site is grassland characterised by downy oat-grass, Avenula pubescens, this being a vegetation type which nationally has a scattered distribution on lowland limestones and which is rare in County Durham. Among the species found is the pyramidal orchid, Anacamptis pyramidalis, which is rare in the county.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Haswell, County Durham
Orehek (; , ) is a village southwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Florian and belongs to the Koper Diocese. A second church is built just outside the settlement next to the cemetery and is dedicated to Saint Lawrence.
Nussdorf Castle
Nussdorf Castle () is 13th-century castle on a small hill above the village. The collection of buildings showcases architectural styles dating from the 16th to the early 20th century. Still visible are remnants of defensive walls and perimeter towers. The central keep was significantly altered in the 20th century. Among its former owners are a number of prominent Carniolan noble families, including the Counts of Thurn and the princely family Porcia.
References
External links
Orehek on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Monte Carlo is an administrative area of Monaco, famous for its Monte Carlo Casino gambling and entertainment complex.
Monte Carlo or Montecarlo may also refer to:
Places
Monte Carlo Casino, Monte Carlo, Monaco
Montecarlo, Tuscany, a town in Italy
Montecarlo, Misiones, a town in Argentina
Montecarlo, West Virginia, a coal town in the US
Monte Carlo, Santa Catarina, a city in Brazil
Monte Carlo Resort and Casino, a luxury hotel rebranded as Park MGM on the Las Vegas Strip, United States
Monte Carlo (San Marino), a mountain with a monument to Gianni Widmer in San Marino
Sports
Monte Carlo Rally, a rallying event organized by the Automobile Club de Monaco
Monte-Carlo Masters, a tennis tournament
Monte Carlo Open (golf), a defunct European Tour tournament (1984–1992)
C.D. Monte Carlo, a football club in Macau
Circuit de Monaco, a street circuit for Formula One automobile racing
Transportation
Chevrolet Monte Carlo, an American automobile
Lancia Montecarlo, an Italian automobile
Monte Carlo (yacht), a 1988 motor yacht
Several models of Saab cars;
Saab 96 Monte Carlo, 1960s with tuned two stroke engines
Saab 900 Monte Carlo and
Saab 9-3 Monte Carlo, limited editions in yellow color
Arts and entertainment
Monte Carlo (musical), an 1896 West End musical by Howard Talbot
Monte Carlo (song), a 2004 song by The Verve
Monte Carlo (solitaire), a solitaire card game
Monte Carlo (video game), a 1987 computer game
Monte Carlo (arcade game), a 1979 racing game made by Atari
Monte Carlo 930 AM, a Uruguayan radio station
Monte Carlo (radio programme), a Danish radio program
Monte Carlo Roulette, a casino game; see Pokerzone
Film and television
Monte Carlo (1921 film), a German silent film directed by Fred Sauer
Monte Carlo (1925 film), a French silent film
Monte Carlo (1926 film), an American romantic comedy silent film
Monte Carlo (1930 film), an Ernst Lubitsch musical comedy
Monte Carlo (2011 film), an American romantic comedy film starring Selena Gomez, Leighton Meester and Katie Cassidy
Monte Carlo (miniseries), a 1986 TV miniseries starring Joan Collins
Monte Carlo TV, a Uruguayan television channel
Science and technology
Monte Carlo method, a class of computational algorithms
Monte Carlo integration, a method of numerical integration
Monte Carlo option model, an option valuation model using Monte Carlo methods
Monte Carlo algorithm, a randomized algorithm
Monte Carlo localization, an algorithm for robots to localize
Monte Carlo molecular modeling, the application of Monte Carlo methods to molecular problems
Monte Carlo method in statistical physics, the application of Monte Carlo methods to statistical physics.
Monte Carlo methods in finance, the application of Monte Carlo methods to finance.
People
Sophia Montecarlo (born 1986), former contestant on the reality show Born Diva
Monte Carlo (composer) (1883–1967), Danish-born Broadway composer and author
Other uses
Monte Carlo (biscuit), a biscuit trademark owned by Arnott's Biscuits Holdings
Monte Carlo stock, a style of rifle buttstock
Aleksey Sychkov (; ; born 4 February 1992) is a former Belarusian professional football player. After leaving BATE Borisov in late 2012 he played for several futsal clubs.
References
External links
Profile at uefa.com
1992 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Savit Mogilev players
FC BATE Borisov players
FC Gorki players
People from Mogilev
Sportspeople from Mogilev Region
Amerika is an Argentine LGBT nightclub, the largest in Buenos Aires. It is located in the Almagro neighborhood and is one of the most popular LGBT discos in Buenos Aires.
Amerika has, on several occasions been closed due to noise complaints from neighborhood residents, however, the owners claim it is discrimination on the part of its neighbors.
The Comunidad Homosexual Argentina, an association that defends LGBT rights, was involved in the reopening of the club in December 2006 after it had been closed for five months.
Location
Amerika is located on 1040 Gascón Street, in the neighborhood of Almagro, Buenos Aires. It has three dance floors: Continental, Caribbean and Crystal and has capacity for 1866 people. It works only on Thursdays, Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays.
References
LGBT culture in Buenos Aires
LGBT nightclubs
Smriti Shriniwas Mandhana ( ; born 18 July 1996) is an Indian cricketer who plays for the Indian women's national team. In June 2018, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) named her as the Best Women's International Cricketer. In December 2018, the International Cricket Council (ICC) awarded her with the Rachael Heyhoe-Flint Award for the best female cricketer of the year. On 30 December 2021, she became a nominee of the ICC Women's T20 Player of the Year. In December 2021, she, Tammy Beaumont, Lizelle Lee and Gaby Lewis were nominated for the ICC Women's Cricketer of the Year. In January 2022, the ICC awarded her with the Rachael Heyhoe-Flint Award for the ICC Women's Cricketer of the Year.
Early and personal life
Mandhana was born on 18 July 1996 in Mumbai to Smita and Shrinivas Mandhana in a Marwari family .
When she was two, the family moved to Madhavnagar, Sangli in Maharashtra, where she completed her schooling. Both her father and brother, Shravan, played cricket at the district-level, for Sangli. She was inspired to take up cricket after watching her brother play at the Maharashtra state Under-16s tournaments. At the age of nine, she was selected in the Maharashtra's Under-15 team. At eleven, she was picked for the Maharashtra Under-19s team.
Mandhana's family is closely involved in her cricketing activities. Her father Shrinivas, a chemical distributor, takes care of her cricket programme, her mother Smita is in charge of her diet, clothing and other organisational aspects, and her brother Shravan still bowls to her in the nets.
Domestic career
Her first breakthrough came in October 2013, when she became the first Indian woman to achieve a double-hundred in a one-day game. Playing for Maharashtra against Gujarat, she scored an unbeaten 224 off 150 balls in the West Zone Under-19 Tournament, at the Alembic Cricket Ground in Vadodara.
In the 2016 Women's Challenger Trophy, Mandhana scored three half-centuries for India Red in as many games, and helped her team win the trophy by making an unbeaten 62 off 82 balls in the final against India Blue. With 192 runs, she emerged as the tournament's top-scorer.
In September 2016, Mandhana was signed up for a one-year deal with Brisbane Heat for the Women's Big Bash League (WBBL), and along with Harmanpreet Kaur, became one of the first two Indians to be signed up for the League. Playing against Melbourne Renegades in January 2017, she fell awkwardly while fielding after bowling the final ball of her over hurting her knee. She was ruled out of the rest of the tournament which she ended having scored 89 runs in 12 innings.
In June 2018, Mandhana signed for Kia Super League defending champions Western Storm, becoming the first Indian to play in the league. In November 2018, she was named in the Hobart Hurricanes' squad for the 2018–19 Women's Big Bash League season. In 2021, she was drafted by Southern Brave for the inaugural season of The Hundred. She played for them in 7 games and scored 167 runs before leaving them for India's tour of Australia.
In September 2021, she was named in the Sydney Thunder's squad for the 2021-22 Women's Big Bash League season. She scored a hundred in the season, equalling the record for the tournament's highest ever score.
In February 2022, she was retained by Southern Brave for the 2022 edition of the Hundred.
International career
Mandhana made her Test debut in August 2014 against England at Wormsley Park. She helped her team to win the match by scoring 22 and 51 in her first and second innings, respectively; in the latter innings, she shared in an opening-wicket partnership of 76 runs with Thirush Kamini, chasing 182.
In the second ODI game of India's tour of Australia in 2016 at the Bellerive Oval in Hobart, Mandhana scored her maiden international hundred (102 off 109 balls), in a losing cause. Mandhana was the only Indian player to be named in the ICC Women's Team of the Year 2016.
Mandhana came into the team for the 2017 World Cup after recovering from an injury she sustained, an anterior cruciate ligament rupture, during her time at the WBBL in January that year. In her five-month recovery period, she missed the World Cup Qualifier and the Quadrangular Series in South Africa. She began the World Cup with a 90 against England in Derby, in the first of the group matches. She helped her team win by 35 runs, and was named the player of the match. followed by her second hundred in a One Day International against West Indies,(106*)
Mandhana was part of the Indian team to reach the final of the 2017 Women's Cricket World Cup where the team lost to England by nine runs.
Smriti Mandhana scored the fastest fifty for India in Women's T20Is of just 24 balls against New Zealand in February 2019. In March 2018, she also scored the fifty for India in a Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) fixture, taking 30 balls to reach a half-century against Australia in the 2017–18 India women's Tri-Nation Series. The following month, she was named the player of the series, for the three WODI matches played England. On 3 August 2018, she scored the first century in the 2018 Women's Cricket Super League.
In October 2018, she was named in India's squad for the Women's World Twenty20 tournament in the West Indies. Ahead of the tournament, she was named as the star of the team. During the tournament, she became the third cricketer for India to score 1,000 runs in WT20I matches. She ended that year as the leading run-scorer in WODIs with 669 at an average of 66.90. She was adjudged the ICC Women's Cricketer of the Year and the ICC Women's ODI Player of the Year.
In February 2019, she was named as the captain of India's Women T20I squad for the three match against England. She became the youngest T20I captain for India when she led the women's team against England in the first T20I in Guwahati. At 22 years and 229 days, the India women's cricket team opener is taking over from Harmanpreet Kaur, who has been ruled out of the three-match series with an ankle injury.
In May 2019, she has won the International Woman Cricketer of the Year awards at CEAT International Cricket Awards 2019. In November 2019, during the series against West Indies, she became the third-fastest cricketer, in terms of innings, to score 2,000 runs in WODIs, doing so in her 51st innings.
In January 2020, she was named in India's squad for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup in Australia.
In May 2021, she was named in India's Test squad for their one-off match against England. In August 2021, she was also named in India's Test squad for their one-off match against Australia. In the first innings of the match, she scored her first century in Test cricket. She became the first Indian female cricketer to score a century in both ODIs and Tests in Australia. In January 2022, she was named in India's team for the 2022 Women's Cricket World Cup in New Zealand. In July 2022, she was named as the vice-captain of India's team for the cricket tournament at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, England.
See also
List of centuries in women's One Day International cricket
List of centuries in women's Test cricket
References
Further reading
External links
1996 births
Living people
People from Sangli
Indian women cricketers
India women Test cricketers
India women One Day International cricketers
India women Twenty20 International cricketers
Maharashtra women cricketers
Sportswomen from Maharashtra
West Zone women cricketers
Brisbane Heat (WBBL) cricketers
Western Storm cricketers
Hobart Hurricanes (WBBL) cricketers
IPL Trailblazers cricketers
Wisden Leading Woman Cricketers in the World
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Southern Brave cricketers
Sydney Thunder (WBBL) cricketers
Cricketers at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Commonwealth Games medallists in cricket
20th-century Indian women
21st-century Indian women
Roqia Abubakr (7 June 1917 – ?) was an Afghan politician, and jointly the first woman elected to parliament in the country.
Biography
Born in 1917, Abubakr married her first husband M. Yousof in August 1933. He died two years later. She studied at the Faculty of Sociology at Kabul University, and became a teacher in 1940. Between 1941 and 1949, she was director of the Zarghuna Girls School in Kabul. In 1945 she married M. Abubakr; the couple had two daughters and a son, and divorced in 1970.
After leaving Zarghuna Girls School, she worked as general director of the Women's Welfare Society until 1962, before joining the Ministry of Education in 1963. She also served as general director of the Red Crescent Society.
In 1964 Abubakr was elected to the Constitutional Assembly that drew up the 1964 constitution, which introduced women's suffrage. She was subsequently was one of four women elected to Parliament in the 1965 elections, representing the First District of Kabul City.
She was one of the first six women to be member of Parliament after the 1965 elections: Anahita Ratibzad of Kabul, Khadija Ahrari of Kabul, Ruqia Abubakr of Kandhahar and Masuma Esmati of Herat for the House of the People, and Homaira Saljuqi and Aziza Gardizi for the Senate.
However, she did not contest the 1969 elections.
Abubakr returned to the Ministry of Education, serving as national director of the literacy programme from 1972 until 1973. She was also a presenter on Radio Afghanistan for five years.
References
1917 births
Year of death unknown
Afghan feminists
Kabul University alumni
Afghan educators
Women educators
Afghan civil servants
Members of the House of the People (Afghanistan)
Afghan radio presenters
Women radio presenters
20th-century Afghan women politicians
20th-century Afghan politicians
This is a list of parks in Seoul, South Korea.
See also
List of parks in Daegu
List of rivers of Korea
Geography of South Korea
References
External links
Map guide for searching parks in Seoul at the Seoul Metropolitan Government
website
https://web.archive.org/web/20110928154132/http://parks.seoul.go.kr/
https://web.archive.org/web/20130414092606/http://hangang.seoul.go.kr/
https://archive.today/20071020021847/http://www.naukorea.com/n_pA/pA_02.asp?ocode=B000&code=B021
Seoul
Seoul
Parks
The Gorgeous Guy was the name given to a man whose photo appeared on an internet message board, with various posts describing his life. The photo was of Dan Baca, and it was later revealed to be an elaborate hoax, set up by Baca himself.
In May 2001, Dan Baca, a 29-year-old computer network engineer began to notice people were staring at him as he waited for his bus. Some people would start conversations with him, and then some people started taking photos of him. They appeared to be familiar with his routine, what clothes he wore, and what color his bag was. He was eventually told that his photo had been posted to an internet message board, Craigslist, on May 11, and there were numerous comments written about him. The thread, entitled "Gorgeous Guy @ 4th and Market at the MUNI/Amtrak Bus Stop (Mon-Fri)" became the most popular in the "missed connections" section. The picture's caption read "Gorgeous Guy", and the anonymous poster wanted to know who he was, and if they could meet up with him. Various posts that followed discussed various aspects of Baca's personal life, such as his facial features, his marital status, and his sexuality. They also discussed his schedule and who was going to date him. Baca eventually posted a message, asking people to stop talking to him and about him, but doing so caused more problems, and Baca had to resort to other forms of transport to get to work.
Media attention
The story came to the media's attention when freelance journalist David Cassel was tipped off about the story by Mat Honan, a freelance writer from San Francisco. Cassel published an article in the San Francisco Bay Guardian on May 30, keeping Baca's name confidential. Following this, CNN and USA Today both published articles, including his real name. Various other news outlets also contacted him. Despite Baca's original plea for privacy, he intended to take the chance to make the most of his fame; he expressed interest in becoming a model, actor, or becoming involved in charity work.
Hoax
On July 11, 2001, Baca revealed that the whole thing was a hoax. He was said to have made over 50 posts using various email addresses on Craigslist, pretending to be other people. He also explained that he made up most of the stories about people recognizing him in the street. Baca apparently had no motive for the hoax, claiming he was just "playing around".
References
External links
Gorgeous Guy at Museum of Hoaxes
Internet hoaxes
2001 hoaxes
Photography forgeries
Hoaxes in the United States
Kill Chain: The Cyberwar on America's Elections is an American television documentary film produced by Ish Entertainment, Blumhouse Productions and HBO Films. The film examines the American election system and its vulnerabilities to foreign cyberwarfare operations and 2020 presidential election interference. The film also features hackers at the conference DEF CON in their attempts to test the security of electronic voting machines.
The film was released on March 26, 2020 by HBO Films.
In 2021 the film was nominated for an Emmy award for Outstanding Investigative Documentary.
The film reveals the hacking attack on the presidential election in 2016, through the exclusive on-camera interview with the hacker known as CyberZeist. CyberZeist penetrated the Alaska Division Of Elections' state vote tabulation computer system on 6 and 7 November 2016, and on election day, 8 November 2016. CyberZeist successfully achieved this attack only weeks after the Alaska Division Of Elections admitted that Russian hackers had attempted to carry out a comparable attack.
The film's world famous elections cybersecurity expert, Harri Hursti, discovered that most hackers install a range of software that will be hidden in multiple components of a computer, so that even wiping the hard drive will not remove the hackers' access. CyberZeist told him, “I'll go under their radar even if they are 24/7 monitoring it [the vote-counting server].” When reviewing the hack on the Alaska Division of Elections' servers, Hursti discovered that CyberZeist could read or write any file, including system files: In other words, CyberZeist could have planted vote-stealing software that might still be there, waiting for a command to activate. As Hursti showed in Kill Chain, threat-actors might not even be looking to change results in an election, but to sabotage democracy and bring the process into disrepute.
Reviews
Meanwhile A Deeper Danger Than The Pandemic - Forbes.com review of Kill Chain: The Cyberwar on America's Elections
References
External links
Trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwSVN_dgio8&t=7s
HBO original programming
HBO documentary films
Blumhouse Productions films
2020 documentary films
2020 films
2020s American films
The Egg may refer to:
Music
The Egg (band), British electronic music group
Albums
The Egg (album), by American band Shiner
The Egg (Mike Gordon album), 2013 live album recorded in 2011
Songs
"The Egg" (song), by Shiner off the album The Egg (album)
"Albany", also known as "The Egg", a song by They Might Be Giants from Venue Songs
Film and television
The Egg (film), featuring Stan Laurel
"The Egg", animated TV series American Dragon: Jake Long episode
Writing
"The Egg" (de Camp short story), written by L. Sprague de Camp
"The Egg" (Weir short story), written by Andy Weir
Theatre
The Egg, Albany, performing arts venue in Albany, New York, USA
The Egg, Bath, a venue in Bath, England, UK
The Egg, Beirut, an abandoned theatre structure in Beirut, Lebanon
The Egg, National Centre for the Performing Arts (China), Beijing, China
Other uses
Instagram egg, a picture of a brown egg that became a meme
The Egg (roundabout), road junction in Tamworth, England
The Egg (L'Oeuf), an aluminum and plexiglass car designed by Paul Arzens
See also
Egg (disambiguation)
The Egg and I (disambiguation)
The Egg Tree, novel by Katherine Milhous
The Egg and Jerry, a Tom and Jerry short
France–Rwanda relations refers to the international relations between France and Rwanda.
History
Early relations
France and Rwanda were allies during the reign of Habyarimana.
Rwandan genocide
Post genocide
After the genocide, Rwanda sought to distance itself from France, with French institutions being closed, and the language of instruction in schools being switched from French to English. Rwanda also sought to align itself closer to other allies, including the US, the UK, and China, joining the British-led Commonwealth in 2009.
In 2010, during a visit to Rwanda, French President Nicolas Sarkozy acknowledged that France made "mistakes" during the genocide but did not offer an apology. His visit was the first French presidential visit to Rwanda since the genocide.
In May 2021, President of France Emmanuel Macron visited Rwanda, and acknowledged France's role in the genocide. However, like Sarkozy, he did not offer an official apology. Macron also promised 100,000 COVID-19 vaccines to Rwanda.
Resident diplomatic missions
France has an embassy in Kigali.
Rwanda has an embassy in Paris.
References
France
The 1965 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1965 NCAA University Division football season. The Bulldogs opened the season strong, getting to 4–0 and a top 10 ranking, but lost its last six to finish 4–6.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Sir Tangaroa Tangaroa (6 May 1921 – 23 May 2009) was a Cook Islands politician. Born as the only child to Akaruke and Puna, he helped raise his wife's children.
He started his professional life as a government radio operator (1939–1954). In 1955 he became a shipping clerk which he remained until 1963
Tangaroa was elected in 1958 to the country's first Legislative Assembly, and subsequently served as member for Penrhyn in the Parliament of the Cook Islands until 1983. In 1969 to 1970, he was the leader of the now-defunct United Cook Islanders party.
Tangaroa later became a member of the Democratic Party, and he served in Democratic Party Cabinets in the late 1970s.
In 1985, he was the first Cook Islander to be appointed Queen's Representative. He held the position until 1990, when he was succeeded by Apenera Short.
The Cook Islands government website points out that in 2003 he "has the distinction of being the only Cook Islander to have been knighted by Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace". In 1977, he was awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal, and in 1990 he received the New Zealand 1990 Commemoration Medal.
Tangaroa died in New Zealand in late May 2009. He received a state funeral on Rarotonga.
References
1921 births
2009 deaths
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Parliament of the Cook Islands
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Queen's Representatives in the Cook Islands
People from Penrhyn atoll
United Cook Islanders politicians
Democratic Party (Cook Islands) politicians
Cook Island knights
20th-century New Zealand politicians
Below is the list of populated places in Konya Province, Turkey by the districts. The first three districts (Karatay, Meran and Selçuklu) are parts of the city of Greater Konya. In the following lists, the first place in each district list is the administrative center of that district.
Karatay
Karatay
Acıdort
Akbaş
Akörenkışla
Aksaklı
Bakırtolu
Başgötüren
Beşağıl
Büyükburnak
Çengilti
Divanlar
Esentepe
Göçü
İpekler
Karadona
Karakaya
Katrancı
Kızören
Köseali
Obruk
Sürüç
Yağlıbayat
Yavşankuyu
Yenice
Yenikent
Zincirli
Meram
Meram
Bayat
Botsa
Çayırbağı
Çomaklar
Çukurçimen
Erenkaya
Evliyatekke
Gökyurt
Hasanşeyh
Hatip
İkipınar
İlyasbaba
Karaağaç
Kayadibi
Kayalı
Kayıhüyük
Kumralı
Sadıklar
Sarıkız
Yatağan
Yeşildere
Yeşiltekke
Selçuklu
Seçuklu
Akpınar
Bağrıkurt
Biçer
Çaldere
Çaltı
Çandır
Dağdere
Eğribayat
Güvenç
Kaleköy
Karaömerler
Kervan
Kınık
Kızılcakuyu
Küçükmuhsine
Meydanköy
Sarıcalar
Selahattin
Ulumuhsine
Yazıbelen
Ahırlı
Ahırlı
Aliçerçi
Bademli
Balıklava
Büyüköz
Çiftlikköy
Erdoğan
Karacakuyu
Kayacık
Kuruçay
Küçüköz
Akören
Akören
Ahmediye
Alanköy
Belkuyu
Çatören
Dutlu
Karahüyük
Orhaniye
Süleymaniye
Akşehir
Akşehir
Alanyurt
Bozlağan
Cankurtaran
Çamlı
Çimendere
Değirmenköy
Gedil
Gözpınarı
Ilıcak
Karabulut
Ortaca
Sarayköy
Savaş
Sorkun
Söğütlü
Tekkeköy
Tipiköy
Ulupınar
Üçhüyük
Yaşarlar
Yaylabelen
Yeniköy
Yeşilköy
Altınekin
Altınekin
Akçaşar
Akköy
Ayışığı
Borukkuyu
Hacınuman
Karakaya
Koçaş
Koçyaka
Mantar
Ölmez
Sarnıçköy
Topraklık
Yenikuyu
Yeniyayla
Beyşehir
Beyşehir
Ağılönü
Akburun
Avdancık
Bademli
Başgöze
Bayat
Bayındır
Bektemir
Çiçekler
Çiftlikköy
Çivril
Çukurağıl
Damlapınar
Doğancık
Dumanlı
Eğirler
Eğlikler
Fasıllar
Göçü
Gökçekuyu
Gölkaşı
Gönen
Gündoğdu
Hüseyinler
İsaköy
Karabayat
Karadiken
Karahisar
Kuşluca
Küçükafşar
Mesutlar
Sarıköy
Şamlar
Üçpınar
Yazyurdu
Yukarıesence
Yunuslar
Bozkır
Bozkır
Akçapınar
Armutlu
Arslantaş
Aydınkışla
Ayvalıca
Bağyurdu
Baybağan
Boyalı
Bozdam
Çat
Dere
Elmaağaç
Ferhatlar
Hacılar
Hacıyunuslar
Işıklar
Karabayır
Karacaardıç
Karacahisar
Karayahya
Kayacılar
Kayapınar
Kınık
Kızılçakır
Kildere
Kovanlık
Kozağaç
Kuşça
Küçükhisarlık
Pınarcık
Sazlı
Soğucak
Sorkun
Tarlabaşı
Taşbaşı
Tepearası
Tepelice
Ulupınar
Yalnızca
Yazdamı
Yelbeyi
Yeniköy
Yolören
Cihanbeyli
Cihanbeyli
Ağabeyli
Beyliova
Böğrüdelik
Çimen
Çölyaylası
Damlakuyu
Hodoğlu
Kayı
Kırkışla
Korkmazlar
Küçükbeşkavak
Mutlukonak
Sağlık
Sığırcık
Turanlar
Tüfekçipınarı
Uzuncayayla
Yeşildere
Yünlükuyu
Zaferiye
Çeltik
Çeltik
Adakasım
Doğanyurt
İshakuşağı
Kaşören
Torunlar
Yukarıaliçomak
Çumra
Çumra
Abditolu
Adakale
Afşar
Alemdar
Alibeyhüyüğü
Apasaraycık
Avdul
Balçıkhisar
Beylerce
Büyükaşlama
Çiçek
Çukurkavak
Dedemoğlu
Dineksaray
Dinlendik
Doğanlı
Erentepe
Fethiye
Gökhüyük
İnli
Kuzucu
Küçükköy
Seçme
Sürgüç
Tahtalı
Taşağıl
Türkmenkarahüyük
Uzunkuyu
Üçhüyükler
Ürünlü
Yürükcamili
Derbent
Derbent
Değiş
Derbenttekke
Güneyköy
Mülayim
Saraypınar
Yassıören
Derebucak
Derebucak
Durak
Taşlıpınar
Tepearası
Uğurlu
Doğanhisar
Doğanhisar
Fırınlı
Güvendik
İlyaslar
Kemer
Tekkeköy
Uncular
Yazır
Yazlıca
Emirgazi
Emirgazi
Besci
Gölören
İkizli
Karaören
Meşeli
Öbektaş
Yamaçköy
Ereğli
Ereğli
Acıkuyu
Acıpınar
Adabağ
Akhüyük
Alhan
Aşağıgöndelen
Aşıklar
Bahçeli
Belceağaç
Beyköy
Beyören
Bulgurluk
Burhaniye
Büyükdede
Çakmak
Çiller
Çimencik
Gaybi
Gökçeyazı
Göktöme
Hacımemiş
Kamışlıkuyu
Karaburun
Kargacı
Kızılgedik
Kuskuncuk
Kuzukuyu
Mellicek
Orhaniye
Özgürler
Pınarözü
Sarıca
Sarıtopallı
Servili
Taşağıl
Taşbudak
Tatlıkuyu
Türkmen
Ulumeşe
Yazlık
Yellice
Yeniköy
Yıldızlı
Yukarıgöndelen
Güneysınır
Güneysınır
Ağaçoba
Avcıtepe
Gürağaç
Habiller
Karagüney
Kayaağzı
Kızılöz
Kurukavak
Mehmetali
Ömeroğlu
Örenboyalı
Sarıhacı
Hadim
Hadim
Ağaççı
Aşağıeşenler
Aşağıkızılkaya
Beyreli
Çiftepınar
Dülgerler
Fakılar
Gaziler
Göynükkışla
Gülpınar
İğdeören
Kalınağıl
Kaplanlı
Küplüce
Oduncu
Sarnıç
Selahattin
Umurlar
Yağcı
Yelmez
Yenikonak
Yukarıeşenler
Halkapınar
Halkapınar
Büyükdoğan
Çakıllar
Dedeli
Delimahmutlu
Eskihisar
İvriz
Karayusuflu
Kayasaray
Körlü
Kösere
Osmanköseli
Seydifakılı
Yassıkaya
Yayıklı
Yeşilyurt
Hüyük
Hüyük
Başlamış
Budak
Çukurkent
Değirmenaltı
Görünmez
Pınarbaşı
Suludere
Tolca
Yenice
Ilgın
Ilgın
Ağalar
Avdan
Barakmuslu
Belekler
Boğazkent
Bulcuk
Büyükoba
Çatak
Çobankaya
Çömlekçi
Dereköy
Dığrak
Düğer
Eldeş
Geçitköy
Gedikören
Gökbudak
Gölyaka
Güneypınar
Harmanyazı
İhsaniye
Kaleköy
Kapaklı
Karaköy
Köstere
Mahmuthisar
Mecidiye
Misafirli
Olukpınar
Orhaniye
Ormanözü
Sadıkköy
Sebiller
Tekeler
Yorazlar
Zaferiye
Kadınhanı
Kadınhanı
Afşarlı
Alabağ
Bakırpınar
Bayramlı
Beykavağı
Bulgurpınarı
Çavdar
Çeşmecik
Çubuk
Demiroluk
Hacımehmetli
Hacıoflazlar
Hacıpirli
Kabacalı
Kamışlıözü
Karahisarlı
Karakurtlu
Karasevinç
Karayürüklü
Kızılkuyu
Konurören
Kökez
Köylütolu
Kurthasanlı
Küçükkuyu
Mahmudiye
Meydanlı
Örnekköy
Pirali
Pusat
Saçıkara
Sarıkaya
Söğütözü
Şahören
Tosunoğlu
Yağlıca
Yaylayaka
Karapınar
Karapınar
Akçayazı
Akören
Çiğil
Hasanoba
Karakışla
Kayacık
Kazanhüyüğü
Kesmez
Küçükaşlama
Ortaoba
Oymalı
Sazlıpınar
Yağmapınar
Yenikuyu
Kulu
Kulu
Acıkuyu
Ağılbaşı
Altılar
Arşıncı
Beşkardeş
Boğazören
Bozan
Burunağıl
Canımana
Dipdede
Doğutepe
Fevziye
Gökler
Güzelyayla
Hisarköy
Karacadere
Kırkkuyu
Kömüşini
Köşker
Sarıyayla
Seyitahmetli
Soğukkuyu
Şerefli
Tavlıören
Yaraşlı
Yazıçayırı
Yeşiltepe
Yeşilyurt
Sarayönü
Sarayönü
Bahçesaray
Boyalı
Büyükzengi
Değirmenli
Ertugrul
Karabıyık
Karatepe
Kayıören
Konar
Kuyulusebil
Özkent
Yenicekaya
Seydişehir
Seydişehir
Aşağıkaraören
Başkaraören
Boyalı
Bükçe
Çatköy
Çatmakaya
Dikilitaş
Gökçehüyük
Gökhüyük
Gölyüzü
Irmaklı
İncesu
Karabulak
Karacaören
Kavakköy
Kızılca
Kozlu
Kumluca
Kuran
Madenli
Mesudiye
Muradiye
Oğlakçı
Ortakaraören
Saraycık
Susuz
Taşağıl
Tepecik
Tolköy
Ufacık
Yaylacık
Yenice
Taşkent
Taşkent
Keçimen
Kongul
Sazak
Tuzlukçu
Tuzlukçu
Çöğürlü
Dursunlu
Erdoğdu
Gürsu
Konarı
Koraşı
Köklüce
Kundullu
Mevlütlü
Pazarkaya
Subatan
Yalıhüyük
Yalıhüyük
Arasöğüt
Sarayköy
Yunak
Yunak
Altınöz
Ayrıtepe
Beşışıklı
Böğrüdelik
Cebrail
Çayırbaşı
Eğrikuyu
Hacıfakılı
Hacıömeroğlu
Harunlar
Hatırlı
Hursunlu
İmamoğlu
Karayayla
Kargalı
Kıllar
Kurtuşağı
Kuyubaşı
Meşelik
Odabaşı
Ortakışla
Özyayla
Sertler
Sevinç
Sıram
Sinanlı
Yavaşlı
Yeşiloba
Yeşilyayla
Yığar
References
List
Central Anatolia Region
Konya
Harold William Dainty (2 June 1892 – 17 April 1961) was an English cricketer. Dainty was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast. He was born at Rushton, Northamptonshire.
Dainty made three first-class appearances for Northamptonshire in the 1922 County Championship against Lancashire, Yorkshire and Essex. In his three first-class matches, he scored 20 runs at an average of 6.66, with a high score of 8. With the ball he bowled a total of thirteen overs, though without taking any wickets.
He died at Kettering, Northamptonshire on 17 April 1961.
References
External links
Harold Dainty at ESPNcricinfo
Harold Dainty at CricketArchive
1882 births
1961 deaths
People from North Northamptonshire
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Pyaar Mein Twist is an Indian comedy-drama series on Star Plus, produced by Neela Tele Films Private Limited. The series premiered on 29 January 2011. It is a comedy that tells the story of a geeky, humble and a simple boy Amol and a loving, bubbly and total filmy girl Rekha. Pyaar Mein Twist is about a lovely "made for each other" couple – who love each other a lot but end up fighting with each other because of others.
Plot
This show is about a unique love story between a geek Amol (Manish Paul)and a hot girl called Rekha (Roshni Chopra). Amol is a nerdy guy who first meets Rekha at a camp after college ends, and he tries to save Rekha from some goons. Rekha starts liking Amol from the day of the campfire. When, Rekha's mother wants Rekha to marry Rohit, the guy who left Rekha with the goons the day of the campfire, she refuses. Rekha's mother tells her to chooses between three pictures or else she will have to marry Rohit. Since, she doesn't want to marry any of them she proposes to Amol who loves her a lot. They marry without anyone knowing. The people in their life try to separate them the best way they can.
Cast
Manish Paul as Amol
Roshni Chopra as Rekha
Vishal Kotian
Bharti Singh
Rakesh Bedi
Azaan Rustam Shah
Prasad Barve
References
External links
StarPlus original programming
Indian television series
2011 Indian television series endings
2011 Indian television series debuts
The Löhne–Rheine railway is a two-track, continuously electrified railway main line from Löhne in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia via Osnabrück in Lower Saxony to Rheine in North Rhine-Westphalia. It runs parallel to the Wiehen Hills to the north and to the Teutoburg Forest to the south. The line opened in 1855 and 1856 and was one of the oldest railways in Germany.
History
The Löhne–Rheine line is part of the Hanoverian Western Railway, which was built by the Royal Hanoverian State Railways in the 1850s to develop the western parts of the former Kingdom of Hanover. The first section of this line, part of the Emsland Railway, was opened on 24 November 1854, between Emden and Papenburg, but it had no connection with the existing rail network.
To avoid repeated crossing of the Wiehen Hills, rather than build its own line from the Hanover–Minden line in Minden, the southern section of the Western Railway branched off from the Hamm–Minden line of the Cologne-Minden Railway Company (Köln-Mindener Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft) in Löhne.
On 21 November 1855 passenger operations started on the section between Löhne and Osnabrück. The former Hannöversche Bahnhof ("Hanoverian station") is now the lower part of the Osnabrück Hauptbahnhof, the upper part of which was built only fifteen years later during the construction of the Cologne-Minden Railway's Hamburg-Venlo railway (Hamburg-Venloer Bahn), which is now mostly incorporated in the Wanne-Eickel–Hamburg railway.
Just six months later the next section was put into operation, closing the gap from Osnabrück to Papenburg via Rheine and Salzbergen. On 23 June 1856 passenger trains ran for the first time between Minden and Emden.
Connecting lines
The importance of the line and its stations increased with the opening of a number of connecting lines, particularly to Rheine station; which connected with the line to Munster of the Royal Westphalian Railway Company (Königlich-Westfälischen Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft), opened in 1856, the Duisburg–Quakenbrück line of the Rhenish Railway Company (Rheinischen Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft), opened in 1879, and the former line to Ochtrup of the Prussian State Railways (Preußischen Staatseisenbahnen), opened in 1905.
Two lines connected at Eversburg station, the Tecklenburg Northern Railway to Altenrheine and the Oldenburg Southern Railway to Oldenburg Hbf.
In addition, there are other links, such as that of the Teutoburg Forest Railway to Gütersloh, connecting in Ibbenbüren station, and the Ravensberg Railway to Rahden, connecting at Bünde station, or in Kirchlengern to Herford station on the Hamm–Minden line.
Development of the line
The line was gradually duplicated between 1902 and 1916. On 29 September 1974, the first section of overhead wiring was erected between Osnabrück and Rheine and on 30 May 1976 this was followed by the electrification of the section between Osnabrück and Löhne.
Rail services
A two-hour InterCity service operates on the line from Berlin (some to/from Szczecin) via Hanover, Minden and Rheine to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, and there are individual services from Osnabrück to Münster.
In addition, there are several regional transport services:
on the whole line, Regional-Express services are operated by DB Regio Niedersachsen every two hours on route RE 60 (Ems-Leine-Express) between Rheine and Brunswick,
on almost the whole line, Regionalbahn services are operated hourly by Westfalenbahn from Rheine to Kirchlengern on route RB 61 (Wiehengebirgs-Bahn), continuing to Bielefeld
on the section of Bünde–Kirchlengern, the hourly Ravensberger Bahn service is operated by EuroBahn (Keolis) on the Ravensberg Railway from Bielefeld Hbf via Bünde to Rahden,
and on the short stretch between the Bünde and Löhne, a generally hourly Regionalbahn service is operated from Monday to Friday by EuroBahn on route RB 77 (Weser-Bahn), continuing to Hildesheim.
References
External links
NRW railway archive of André Joost:
[strecken/2992.htm Description of line 2992] (only part in North Rhine-Westphalia, German)
Information on railways around Osnabrück (German)
Homepage of the Ostwestfalen-Lippe Transport Association (German)
Railway lines in North Rhine-Westphalia
Railway lines in Lower Saxony
Railway lines opened in 1854
Emsland (region)
Buildings and structures in Minden-Lübbecke
Melle, Germany
Buildings and structures in Osnabrück
Buildings and structures in Osnabrück (district)
De cartier (From The Hood) is the fourth studio album by Romanian hip hop group B.U.G. Mafia, released September 20, 1998, by Cat Music in Romania. The album went on to sell over 130,000 copies and, due to some of its violently charged content and the group's acerbic statements on Romania's post communist social situation, De Cartier was the source of much controversy upon its release. The frenzy that resulted from this situation was also the source of a massive discreditation campaign by the Romanian media, who capitalized from the subject by intentionally portraying them in a negative light using false information. The public scrutiny lead to an unprecedented amount of pressure which in turn influenced what the group claims to be their "darkest and most complex work to this day", their following album, "După blocuri".
Background
The recording sessions for the album began in late 1997 and carried on throughout the first half of 1998. Similar to IV: Deasupra tuturor, Tataee was very active in the album's production, though the overall sound differed. Unlike their 1997 effort, which featured a more g-funk oriented sound, De cartier had more hard edged beats that made use of synthesized strings and electric guitars to orchestrate the dramatic sound that carried throughout the album. Longtime collaborators Camil Beldeanu and Eddy Schneider made fewer appearances playing keyboards for Tataee, who instead chose to be more hands on with the production of the album, contributing with keyboards on every track. He has stated in various interviews that the group had just bought their own keyboard and that that was one of the reasons he was able to contribute a significant amount to the album's compositions. A number of songs also use samples taken from iconic gangsta rap acts such as N.W.A and Scarface.
Content
Production
While making De cartier, the group decided to craft an album which would reflect their views on the Romanian society in the late 1990s as inhabitants of a working-class neighborhood in Bucharest. Although rough, the album's tracks provided a more introspective and passionate outlook of working-class life in Romania than the majority of Romanian gangsta rap acts had managed to portray at the time. With soulful songs such as "Poveste fără sfârşit" (Never-ending Story), "Ai grijă de şmenaru' tău" (Make Sure Your Hustler Is Alright) and "Viaţa-i doar un drum spre moarte" (Life Ain't Nothing but a Road to Death) the album worked its way through the controversy, paving B.U.G. Mafia's way to superstardom in Romania.
The success of the album also drew attention of Romanian pop artist Loredana Groza who recruited the group for her 1998 hit single "Lumea E A Mea" (The World Is Mine). The song's also featured the first hip hop music video to be released in Romania, although the group had already shot one for the album's lead single, "Pentru '98" (For 98), but, dissatisfied with its production values, decided to shelve it.
Track listing
All song titles, notes, samples, writing and production credits are according to the album booklet.
Lyrics by Tataee, Caddy, Uzzi, Cheloo, Puya and Don Baxter.
Samples
"N'ai fost acolo" contains an interpolation of "Homies & Thugs" by Scarface
"Raid mafiot 2" contains a sample of "Ruthless Villain" by Eazy-E
References
External links
De cartier at Discogs
1998 albums
B.U.G. Mafia albums
Kabakköy, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Podosomes are conical, actin-rich structures found on the outer surface of the plasma membrane of animal cells. Their size ranges from approximately 0.5 µm to 2.0 µm in diameter. While usually situated on the periphery of the cellular membrane, these unique structures display a polarized pattern of distribution in migrating cells, situating at the front border between the lamellipodium and lamellum. Their primary purpose is connected to cellular motility and invasion; therefore, they serve as both sites of attachment and degradation along the extracellular matrix. Many different specialized cells exhibit these dynamic structures such as invasive cancer cells, osteoclasts, vascular smooth muscle cells, endothelial cells, and certain immune cells like macrophages and dendritic cells.
Characteristics
A podosome consists of a core rich in actin surrounded by adhesion and scaffolding proteins. The actin filaments within these structures are highly regulated by many actin nucleators, polymerization activators, actin binding and crosslinking proteins, kinases, small GTPases, and scaffold proteins; therefore, total actin turnover occurs within seconds. To distinguish podosomes from others types of cellular adhesions, the protein Tks5 and WASP (Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome protein) are used as markers alongside actin, cortactin and the Arp2/3 complex to localize and isolate these protrusions because Tks5 and WASP are unique to the podosome when compared with other actin-based cellular structures.
In their outward structure, the podosomes demonstrate two distinct features: an actin core and a ring complex. Within the core, coordinators of actin nucleation are found. Specifically, the Arp2/3 complex and WASP when close to the plasma membrane or cortactin when further away comprise this group of proteins. Emanating radially from the dense core of actin are actin filaments reaching to the plasma membrane and between neighboring podosomes.
In the ring complex, integrins and integrin-associated proteins serve to connect the cytoskeleton to cell surface integrins forming the outward protrusion. Initial research suggested that the superstructure of podosomes were cylindrical, but new advances in bioimaging techniques have altered that perception and show the ring complex to display a polygonal form. These finding were made possible through the application of Bayesian blinking and bleaching analytics to data gained from standard widefield microscopy using cells that expressed fluorescently tagged proteins specific to the podosome ring complex.
Typically, the podosome size falls between 0.5 um and 2.0 um in diameter and depth. The lifetime of the structure is only minutes in duration, much shorter than observed in invadopodia.
Function
Podosomes are thought to be intimately connected to cellular motility within tissue microenvironments through coordinating degradation of the extracellular matrix with cellular movement. The migration of cells is essential to proper embryonic development and, in maturity, to wound healing and the inflammatory response. Examples of these motile cell behaviors include: transendothelial migration of dendritic cells, migration of aortic endothelial cells for arterial vessel remodeling, and tissue infiltration by macrophages. Aberrations in cell migration lie beneath pathologies involving development, vasculature, and immunity. Consequently, podosomes are present in cell types associated with tissue remodeling and the immune system.
Patients who suffer from Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome demonstrate, through their immune cells, continued evidence of the role podosomes fulfill in cell motility. These patients do not possess fully formed WASP that has been shown to localize in podosomes and to be integral to their formation from previous studies. The dendritic cells and macrophages of these patients' immune systems do not manifest podosome formations and demonstrate defects in cellular movement within tissue microenvironments. Some researchers suspect that podosomes may be implicated in the migration of neural crest cells. Patients who exhibit Frank–ter Haar syndrome are known to be mutant for the podosome specific protein Tks4 and demonstrate defects in neural crest cell migration.
Adding to the known functionalities of podosomes, research suggests that these dynamic structures also exhibit mechanosensory attributes. Initial formation of podosomes seems to be influenced by the structure and composition of the underlying substratum including the presence and distribution of specific ligands. Various integrin receptors monitor the mechanical properties of the cellular microenvironment and can influence and initiate formation of a podosome. Once fully formed, the integrity of the matrix substratum dictates the lifespan of the podosome with increased stiffness leading to longer endurance and closer spacing between podosome sites.
Some studies indicate also a putative role for podosomes even in the regulation of bone marrow stem cell's function. Podosomes have been shown to be widely present in vitro on mesodermal progenitor cells (MPCs), cell capable of differentiating into mesenchymal stromal cells.
It has been proposed that podosomes are important in the mobilisation of MPCs in the event of physiological need.
Role in osteoclasts
Osteoclasts are large, multinucleated bone cells that conduct the process of bone resorption. In this remodeling process, podosomes play an integral role. During the maturation of osteoclast precursors, groups of podosomes form higher ordered ring structures which ultimately coalesce into a band about the cell periphery. The resulting arrangement of podosomes is highly interconnected through a dense, radial network of actin filaments that extend between and onto neighboring podosomes.
Accumulation of F-actin, vinculin, paxillin, and α-actin within the podosomes of the coalescent band signals the development of a fully matured osteoclast. Upon initiation of bone resorption, the band of podosomes disassembles leaving behind a mesh primarily composed of F-actin which functions as the ‘sealing zone.' This sealing zone becomes the site of osteoclast attachment to the bone matrix. Inhibition of bone resorption through drug intervention results in the lack of the podosome band during early osteoclast differentiation and ultimate absence of a sealing zone.
History
In the early 1980s, chicken embryo fibroblasts were transformed using the Rous sarcoma virus (RSV) containing the oncogene v-src. This transformation elicited the relocalization of vinculin and α-actin in the cytoskeleton from focal adhesions forming circular clusters. Later in 1985, it was shown using the same cells that these protein clusters were localized to protrusions in the ventral plasma membrane, were substratum adhesion sites; therefore, these structures were termed podosomes indicating their foot-like character in cells. In 1989, it was demonstrated that these podosomes played a role in matrix degradation. To reflect this newly discovered destructive nature the name invadopodia was given to these dynamic structures.
Because both terms invadopodia and podosomes were initially used to reference the identical structures in identical cell lines, there exists confusion about the nomenclature. Typically, when these structures are found in normal cells, they are referred to as podosomes, and when in cancer cells, invadopodia.
See also
Invadopodia
Lamellipodia
References
External links
MBInfo - Podosomes
MBInfo - Podosome Assembly
Podosomes and Invadopodia at Scirus Topic Pages
Cell anatomy
Membrane biology
Martin Krippner (23 September 1817, Mantov – 31 January 1894) was a Bohemian-born Austrian Captain who led the settlement of Puhoi, New Zealand by German-speaking Bohemians from Stod in 1863.
Career
Martin Krippner was the eldest son of Johannes Krippner, a blacksmith, and his wife, Anna Pallier. Martin received a better education than many of his social contemporaries and studied law at Prague University. In 1842 he obtained a commission in the Habsburg army and rose to the rank of captain. Whilst stationed at Frankfurt in Germany he met Emily Longdill, a well-educated Englishwoman. They married on 12 May 1851 and had four children. Martin resigned his military commission in 1859.
Emily Krippner's brother, Pynson Wilmot Longdill, had settled in New Zealand and it is believed that he encouraged the Krippners to emigrate there. The Krippner family arrived in Auckland on 22 March 1860 with Martin's brother Johannes (Hans) Krippner (and his future wife, Elizabeth Turnwald); and also the Pankratz and Scheidler families, also from Habsburg Bohemia.
Martin Krippner was naturalised a British citizen on 10 April 1860 and initially settled at Orewa, where he was postmaster from August 1861 until October 1863. Krippner was not a successful farmer himself but he was very keen about New Zealand's prospects and was on good terms with Governor-General of New Zealand Sir George Grey. Krippner soon thought up a project to help landless peasants back home in Bohemia and obtained permission from the Auckland provincial government to arrange a Bohemian colony at Puhoi. He then wrote to his brothers, still in Bohemia, promising of free land for each adult immigrant with a further for each child over five years of age.
The concept appealed immediately to entrepreneurial peasants from Krippner's native Mantau region. On 27 June 1863, 83 immigrants, including Martin's brother Michael Krippner, arrived at Auckland. They were transported to the mouth of the Puhoi River and taken upstream in Māori canoes to the site chosen by Krippner. The central European immigrants were initially appalled by the primitive state of the entirely undeveloped land, thick with native bush. Plots were allocated and the peasants started clearing the bush.
Krippner served as translator for the community for a long time and as such exercised quite a lot of influence. Soon after their arrival Krippner persuaded some of the men to join the Third Regiment of the Waikato Militia. Krippner was himself offered a commission as captain if he could get 50 men to enlist and the commission was granted on 17 October 1863. In 1864 Krippner and his Bohemian men guarded Māori prisoners being held in Auckland and at the conclusion of the war, some of the Bohemians accepted grants of land at Ohaupo in the Waikato Region. Krippner also received a land grant there but did not settle on it.
Krippner encouraged further Bohemian immigration in the hope that the colonial regime would reward him. Consequently, in 1866 a second group of Bohemians arrived and in 1873 a third and final bunch. Although Krippner lived at Orewa he kept a strong proprietorial interest in Puhoi and utilised his government contacts to secure money for roadworks in the area: this helped provide employment and immediate cash for the newcomers. Krippner often thought up additional economic sources of income: at his suggestion the Puhoi colonists gathered tanekaha (celery pine) bark for tanning and fungus for the Chinese export market.
In 1869 Emily Krippner started a school at Puhoi and by 1873 the Puhoi Educational District was legally constituted. Due to his fluency in both English and the German Egerlander dialect of the Bohemian settlers, Martin Krippner was appointed headmaster and Emily Krippner was made assistant teacher. Martin Krippner was postmaster at Silverdale from 1 July 1873 until 31 December 1874 and whilst in Puhoi held various offices. He was chairman of the Puhoi Highway District Board in 1874, and in 1877 and 1878 served on the Rodney County Council. A post office had been established at Puhoi in 1870 and Krippner was postmaster from 1 August 1875 until 30 June 1884.
By the early 1880s the Puhoi settlement was securely established and the confident settlers were more able to communicate their criticisms of Krippner's leadership. It became obvious that the Krippners, both in their 60s, were no longer capable of adequately performing their teaching duties and in 1884 the school committee petitioned to have them removed.
Retirement and death
The Puhoi Bohemians showed their gratitude to Krippner by building a new house for him at Warkworth. Emily Krippner died there on 15 December 1890; Martin Krippner on 31 January 1894.
References
Biography of Martin Krippner
Biography of Martin Krippner
Settlement of Puhoi
Mooney, K., From the heart of Europe to the land of the Southern Cross (Puhoi, 1963)
'The Puhoi settlement' in the New Zealand Herald (5 July 1888)
Silk, D. V., A history of Puhoi (Dunedin, 1923)
1817 births
1894 deaths
People from Plzeň-South District
Settlers of New Zealand
German emigrants to New Zealand
Vasil Bozhilov (born 18 September 1967) is a Bulgarian biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
1967 births
Living people
Bulgarian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Bulgaria
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Zimbabwe regained its independence from the United Kingdom on 17 April 1980. Canaan Banana, a Methodist minister and theologian, became the first President of Zimbabwe on 18 April.
On 17 February 1982 the government of Zimbabwe accused Joshua Nkomo, leader and founder of the Zimbabwe African People's Union (ZAPU), of plotting a coup d'état, and dismissed him from the cabinet.
The Gukurahundi (also known as the "Matabeleland genocide") began in 1983. More than 300,000 youths signed up for service in the Youth Brigade.
Prime Minister Robert Mugabe (ZANU) and Joshua Nkomo (ZAPU) signed a Unity Accord on 22 December 1987, giving the ZAPU leader a place in the government, freeing dissidents, and bringing a formal end to violence of the Gukurahundi. Mugabe became the new President of Zimbabwe after reforming the constitution on 31 December 1987, abolishing the position of Prime Minister.
Morgan Tsvangirai was elected Secretary General of the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions in 1988.
The Zimbabwe African People's Union (ZAPU) merged with the Zimbabwe African National Union (ZANU) under the name Zimbabwe African National Union – Patriotic Front (ZANU-PF) on 19 December 1989.
The New South Wales Country Rugby Union, or NSWCRU, is the governing body for the sport of rugby union within most of New South Wales in Australia.
The NSWCRU is affiliated with the New South Wales Rugby Union and administers game in the majority of non-metropolitan areas of the state. The union is split into nine zones with 100 clubs and over 16,000 players. NSW Country is represented by the New South Wales Country Cockatoos team.
Central Coast Rugby Union
First Grade Clubs
Avoca Beach
Gosford
Hornsby
Kariong
Razorbacks
Terrigal
The Lakes
Warnervale
Woy Woy
Lower Grade Clubs
The Bay
Central North Rugby Union
First Grade Clubs
Gunnedah
Inverell
Moree
Narrabri
Pirates (Tamworth)
Scone
Lower Grade Clubs
Barraba/Gwydir
Walcha
Quirindi
Central West Rugby Union
Blowes Clothing Cup teams (tier-one)
New Holland Agriculture Cup teams (tier-two)
Oilsplus Cup (tier-three north)
South West Fuels Cup
Far North Coast Rugby Union
First Grade Clubs
Ballina Rugby Union Club
Bangalow
Byron Bay
Casino
Casuarina Beach
Lennox Head
Lismore
Wollongbar/Alstonville
Lower Grades/Defunct Clubs
Evans River
Iluka Cossacks
Kyogle Cockies
Mullumbimby
Murwillumbah Gentlemen
Richmond Range
Woolgoolga Whitepointers
Yamba Buccaneers
Illawarra Rugby Union
First Grade Clubs
Avondale
Bowral
Camden Rams
Campbelltown Harlequins
Kiama
Shoalhaven (Nowra)
Tech Waratahs
University of Wollongong
Vikings
Woonona Shamrocks RUFC
Lower Grade Clubs
Wollondilly White Waratahs
Southern Crushers Rugby
Vincentia
Mid North Coast Rugby Union
Upper Mid North Coast Zone Clubs
Coffs Harbour Snappers
Southern Cross University Marlins
Grafton Redmen RUFC
Port Macquarie Pirates
Hastings Valley Vikings
Kempsey Cannonballs
Lower Mid North Coast Zone Clubs
Forster/Tuncurry Dolphins
Manning River Ratz
Wallamba Bulls
New England Rugby Union
First Grade Clubs
The Armidale Rugby Club (Blues)
Barbarians R.U.F.C.
Robb Rugby Club
St Alberts College
Tamworth Rugby Union Sporting Club
Lower Grade Clubs
Glen Innes
Tenterfield Bumblebees
Newcastle and Hunter Rugby Union
First Grade Clubs
Hamilton Hawks
Merewether Carlton Rugby Club
Maitland
Nelson Bay
University of Newcastle
Singleton
Southern Beaches
Waratahs
Lower Grade Clubs
Griffins
Lake Macquarie
Muswellbrook
Pokolbin
Wanderers
South Coast Rugby Union & Southern Inland Rugby Union
These unions are affiliated with the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union instead of the NSWCRU.
Western Plains Rugby Union
First Grade Clubs
Bourke Rams / Brewarrina Brumbies (Amalgamated)
Cobar Camels
Coonamble Rams
Gulargambone Galahs
Bogan Bulls (Nyngan)
Walgett Rams
Warren Pumas
See also
Rugby union in New South Wales
New South Wales Waratahs
New South Wales Country Cockatoos
New South Wales Country Eagles
Combined New South Wales–Queensland Country
References
External links
Rugby union governing bodies in New South Wales
1947 establishments in Australia
Sports organizations established in 1947
The Ural-375 is a general purpose 4.5 ton 6×6 truck, which has been produced at the Ural Automotive Plant in the Russian SFSR since 1961. The Ural-375 replaced the ZIL-157 as the standard Soviet Army truck in 1979. It was itself replaced by the Ural-4320.
The Ural-375 was used, for example, as a platform for the BM-21 Grad rocket launcher, as a troop carrier, and as a supply carrier.
Models
The Ural-375 comes in a variety of models (the list is not exhaustive):
Ural-375, the base model. It has a canvas roof, and no steel cabin
Ural-375A, a slightly longer model
Ural-375D, the most produced 375; it has a proper all-steel cabin
Ural-375E KET-L, a recovery vehicle equipped a front-mounted and a rear-mounted winch along with a jib crane.
Ural-375S, a 6×6 tractor
Ural-377, a civilian 6×4 truck
Ural-377S, a 6×4 tractor
Ural-375DM, modernized version of the Ural-375D, built at least until 1991
Specifications
Conventional cab, 3 seats
Payload: 4800 kg (10,580 lb)
Max. permissible mass: 13,200 kg (29,100 lb)
Suspension: live beam axles, leaf springs
Engine: (GOST) ZIL-375Ya 7.0-litre V8 petrol (carburetor) pushrod engine
Gearbox: 5×2-speed gearbox
Max. speed:
Brakes: Pneumatic drum brakes
Fording depth: 1500 mm (59 in)
Dimensions: L×W×H = 7350 × 2690 × 2980 mm (289.4 × 105.9 × 117.3 in); includes tarpaulin
Track width: 2000 mm (78.7 in)
Turning circle: 22,000 mm (866 in)
Ground Clearance: 400 mm (15.7 in)
Tires: , pressure
Fuel tank:
Fuel economy:
Users
: Received Ural-375D's during the 1970s.
: Only specialized variants in use.
Transnistria
Former users
: Passed into successor states.
: All destroyed or retired since 2003.
: Passed into successor states.
See also
Ural-5323
Russian Ground Forces
References
External links
Official website GAZ Group Ural
Ural Automotive Plant trucks
Military trucks of the Soviet Union
Military vehicles introduced in the 1960s
Comercocha (possibly from in the Quechua spelling Q'umirqucha, q'umir green, qucha lake, "green lake") is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Ocongate District. Comercocha lies southwest of the mountain Callangate of the Vilcanota mountain range.
References
Lakes of Peru
Lakes of Cusco Region
Paula Ormaechea won the title, defeating Julia Cohen in the final, 7–5, 6–1.
Seeds
Julia Cohen (final)
María Fernanda Álvarez Terán (semifinals)
Lauren Albanese (quarterfinals)
Mailen Auroux (semifinals)
Paula Ormaechea (champion)
Vivian Segnini (first round)
Lena Litvak (quarterfinals)
Nathalia Rossi (quarterfinals)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main draw
Seguros Bolivar Open Bogota - Singles
2010 WS
Janina Broniewska née Kunig (5 August 1904 – 17 February 1981) was a Polish writer, author of many stories for children and young adults, a publicist and teacher. She subscribed to radically leftist views and became a communist activist, writer and official.
Broniewska was born in Kalisz. Between 1934 and 1937, she was the editor of the magazine Płomyk ('Flame') for children. Following the Soviet invasion of Poland, she collaborated with Sztandar Wolności ('The Banner of Freedom'), a newspaper published in Minsk. Between 1944 and 1946, she worked as editor for Polska Zbrojna ('Armed Poland') magazine published at that time for the Polish People's Army. Politically influential in the Polish People's Republic, Broniewska was secretary of the Polish United Workers' Party organization of the Polish Writers' Union. She was the first wife of the poet Władysław Broniewski and a close friend of Wanda Wasilewska.
Broniewska died in Warsaw at the age of 76.
Books
O człowieku, który się kulom nie kłaniał (1948, published by Książka in Warsaw)
Dziesięć serc czerwiennych (1966)
Tamten brzeg mych lat (1973)
Z notatnika korespondenta wojennego (1981)
Notes
1904 births
1981 deaths
People from Kalisz
Polish communists
Women in the Polish military
Polish People's Army personnel
Recipients of the Order of Polonia Restituta (1944–1989)
Burials at Powązki Military Cemetery
Polish children's writers
Polish women children's writers
20th-century Polish women
Ovapınar, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Guyanemidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
Genera:
Guyanema Petter, 1975
Histodytes Aragort, Alvarez, Iglesias, Leiro & Sanmartin, 2002
Ichthyofilaria Yamaguti, 1935
Ichthyofilaroides Moravec & Justine, 2020
Moravecia Ribu & Lester, 2004
Pseudodelphis Adamson & Roth, 1990
Travassosnema Moreira & de Oliveira, 1992
References
Nematodes
Zadnyaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 520 as of 2002. There are 9 streets.
Geography
Zadnyaya is located 4 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Glubokoye is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
The Mystic Warrior is a 1984 American TV movie about a band of Sioux and the efforts of one man to save his people from destruction through the use of mysterious powers handed down by ancestors. The movie was originally a nine-hour mini-series entitled Hanta Yo to be aired in 1980, instead aired in 1984 as a five-hour mini-series with the new name. The mini-series has been released on DVD in Germany, but no international release as yet.
Plot
Set in the years 1802 to 1808, the finished film focused on a young brave named Ahbleza, the son of Olepi, chief of a fictional lakota-speaking tribe, the Mahto ('Bear'). Blessed with supernatural visionary powers by the ancient Mahto seer Wanagi, Ahbleza sets about to save his people from the devastations of the future, among them the invasion of the white man. After a lengthy, truth-seeking odyssey fraught with tragedy and sacrifice, Ahbleza assumes his rightful place as spiritual leader of his tribe.
Cast
Robert Beltran - Ahbleza
Devon Ericson - Heyatawin
David Yanez - Rion Hunter - Tonweya
Brigitte Gault - Kippana
Victoria Racimo - Napewaste
Nick Ramus - Chief Olepi
James Remar - Pesla
Ned Romero - Wisa
Apollonia Kotero - Wicahpi
Branscombe Richmond - Miyaca
Will Sampson - Wambli
Doug Toby - Young Ahbleza
George Aguilar - Kungi Yuha Leader
Ivan Naranjo - Ogle
Frank Salsedo - Sinte (as Frank Sotonoma Salsedo)
Production
The five-hour miniseries The Mystic Warrior began life in 1979 when producer David L. Wolper announced plans for a ten-hour adaptation of Hanta Yo, an epic historical novel by Ruth Beebe Hill. Using as her main source a full-blooded Sioux named Chunksa Yuha, Hill fashioned what amounted to a Native American version of Roots, chronicling the history of the fictional Matho (lakota: 'Bear') tribe of the Oglala Lakota Sioux. Although Hill was briefly the darling of the literary cognoscenti, her book was ultimately attacked and discredited by a veritable army of Indian historians, teachers, and activists, who accused her of distorting and falsifying truths in order to promote her own (and Yuha's) sociopolitical agenda. Suddenly, all of the Native American support that had been promised to the miniseries version of Hanta Yo evaporated. When the project finally aired on May 20 through 21, 1984, its running time (and budget) had been cut in half, and the producer was obliged to qualify the credits by noting that the teleplay was based partially on Hill's book, but mostly on "other sources".
The filming location had to be changed from New Mexico to Thousand Oaks, California, so as not to offend the Indian tribes in the former state.
References
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0945946/ David Yanez
External links
American television films
1984 television films
1984 films
ABC network original films
The Wolper Organization films
Films about Native Americans
Films directed by Richard T. Heffron
Çayiçi is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
The Brooklyn Lodge or Brooklyn Lake Lodge was built in 1922–23 for former rodeo performer Harry "Hoot" Jones. The log lodge, located near Centennial, Wyoming in the Snowy Range of Medicine Bow National Forest, was operated by the Jones family until the late 1930s.
References
External links
Brooklyn Lake Lodge at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Houses completed in 1923
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Rustic architecture in Wyoming
Houses in Albany County, Wyoming
Dude ranches in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Albany County, Wyoming
José María Orense de Milá de Aragón Herrero (1803–1880) was a Spanish politician and revolutionary, a prominent advocate of federal republicanism. He held the nobiliary title of Marquis of Albaida.
Biography
Born in Laredo on 14 October 1803. He was a member of the Citizen Militia during the 1820–1823 Trienio Liberal. Having fought against the invading French army known as the Hundred Thousand Sons of Saint Louis, he exiled to England, returning to Spain after the death of Ferdinand VII, the Felon King. He was elected as deputy in 1844 in representation of Palencia. From then on, he became more salient in the radicalism of his proposals than the mainstream Progressive Party. He advocated the Iberian Union in his 1844 electoral platform.
He inherited the Marquisate of Albaida in 1847. He participated in the end stood in the barricades in the . Also a participant in the 1854 revolution, he took part in the intentona of Los Basilios on 28 August, leading to his imprisonment.
He actively campaigned in favour of the abolition of slavery in the Cortes of 1854–1856.
He revolted against the O'Donnell-Ríos Rosas involutionary government in 1856, encouraging the general uprising. Yet again imprisoned, he exiled to France and Belgium.
A proponent of Iberism, he argued again in favour of such prospect in 1858 in La Discusión, proposing a conception of the Iberian union based on a community of common interests, to be achieved extending the privileges of the Basque provinces to the rest of Spain, and then undergoing a progressive convergence with Portugal.
He returned to Madrid on the occasion of the September 1868 Glorious Revolution, and gave no pause to the provisional government. Following the September Revolution Orense became the president of the after the exit of Salustiano de Olózaga from the organization.
He also presided the meeting of the Democratic Party on 11 October 1868 at the Circo Price during which it was determined that the federal republic shall be the form of government of Spain, followed by the schism between the republicans and the accidentalist . An active campaigner for the Republic, he was elected at the 1869 election to Constituent Cortes.
Within the stem of federal republicanism he embraced an individualist strand of workerism associated to romantic humanitarianism and social liberalism (differentiating from other leanings converging into the federal republicanism such as the socialist republicanism of Fernando Garrido and Pi y Margall or the trend represented by the Krausists), and in fact, similarly to Giuseppe Mazzini, he ultimately became weary of socialism, as he came to blame it for the demise of the Second French Republic.
He participated in the insurrections that took place months after the enactment of the new Constitution in June 1869. He went to Tours and organized the unit of Spanish volunteers (including his son) to help France following the Prussian invasion in 1870, rallying the banner of the Universal Republic and the Latin Federation.
He returned to Spain to vote against the candidacy of Amadeo of Savoy to be the head of State of Spain, becoming an active Republican agitator. After the proclamation of the First Spanish Republic in February 1873 and the May 1873 election, he briefly served as president of the Congress of Deputies in June 1873.
He moved away from Spain after the 3 January 1874 coup of Pavía, yet he ultimately returned to the country to establish in Astillero, Santander, for his later years. Having become blind, and his health becoming deteriorated, he died on 29 October 1880.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Spanish abolitionists
Spanish revolutionaries
Spanish republicans
Exiled Spanish politicians
Presidents of the Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the Congress of Deputies of the reign of Isabella II
Prisoners and detainees of Spain
Iberianists
1803 births
1880 deaths
Nandi Firozpur or Nandi Ferozepur is a village of Saharanpur district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is approximately ten kilometers from Saharanpur.
Religious sites
In this village, there are mostly temples and a big mosque.
References
Villages in Saharanpur district
The battle of Dvin in 1045 was a failed attempt by the Byzantines under Constantine IX Monomachos to capture Dvin, then ruled by Abu'l-Aswar Shavur ibn Fadl. The Byzantines assembled a large force under the command of Michael Iasites and Constantine the Alan and allied with Armenians under the command of Vahram Pahlawuni and Liparit Orbelean. To defend the city, Abu'l-Aswar flooded the surrounding fields, limiting the attacking army's mobility and causing it to fall victim to defenders' arrows. The attackers were completely routed, and Vahram killed.
References
11th-century conflicts
Battles involving the Byzantine Empire
1045 in Asia
1040s in the Byzantine Empire
Shaddadids
11th century in Armenia
History of Dvin
Richard Cameron Wardill (5 July 1872 – 28 August 1929) was an Australian rules footballer and coach who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Family
The son of Richard Wilson Wardill (1840-1873) — the brother of Benjamin Johnston Wardill (1842-1917)— and Eliza Helena Lovett Wardill (1848-1943), née Cameron, later Mrs. Edward Thomas Tatham, Richard Cameron Wardill was born in Melbourne on 5 July 1872.
Marriage
He married Dorothy Elspeth Wilson (1880-1952), at Mosman, New South Wales, on 17 December 1909.
They had four children: Elspeth Margaret Wardill (1912-2001), later Mrs. Donald Hastings Bennett, Richard David Wardill (1916-2003), Diana Mary Wardill (1920-2003), later Mrs. Godfrey Robert Donaldson, and Dorothy Wardill (b.1914, who only lived for 8 days).
Father's suicide
"In 1872-73 [Richard Wilson] Wardill had serious personal problems probably because of speculation in mining shares; he embezzled £7000 from his employers, the Victoria Sugar Co. On 17 August 1873, aged 38, he committed suicide by jumping into the Yarra River…" — Australian Dictionary of Biography.
Education
He attended Caulfield Grammar School (as did his Melbourne team-mate Frank Langley) from 1886 to 1888.
Football
Melbourne (VFA)
Playing as a ruckman, and recruited from the Alberton Football Club (one of the foundation clubs of the Metropolitan Junior Football Association), he played for Melbourne's VFA side for four years (1893-1896).
Melbourne (VFL)
He played in 60 matches for Melbourne in the VFL (1897-1902); and was captain of the team that beat Fitzroy in Melbourne's first ever premiership: the 1900 Grand Final against Fitzroy, at the East Melbourne Cricket Ground, on 22 September 1900.
One of the best players for Melbourne on the day, Wardill (who had "work[ed] like a lion") was carried off the ground shoulder-high by his team-mates at the end of the match.<ref>[http://nla.gov.au/nla.news-article228152279 'Drop Kick', "Football: The Season Ended; Final Battle: A Great Game Between Fitzroy and Melbourne: Melbourne Wins the Premiership", The Sportsman', (Tuesday, 25 September 1900), p.6.]</ref>
The feature of the finals has undoubtedly been the electrifying play of the Melbourne captain, Wardill, who in the last two matchies fairly excelled himself. Never has an athlete more brilliantly risen to thie occasion, and he not only played superbly, but displayed improvement in the management of his team which was simply astounding, for it must he confessed that in some of the matches towards the end of the first round [of home-and-away matches], the Melbourne skipper seemed to dispose his forces badly, but possibly when one comes to think it over, there was more method in his system than he was credited with. At any rate, it must he remembered that in matches which have no significance all sorts of experiments may be tried with impunity.. . .After the [half-time] interval the game was resumed at a terrific pace, full steam ahead being the order of the day on both sides. It was a veritable battle of giants, and never in the 40 years' history of the Victorian game has a grander exposition of football been witnessed. The Melbourne captain, Dick Wardill, rivalled his royal namesake on Bosworth field by enacting wonders, and unlike the other Richard referred to, he deserved and achieved success. Wardill's superb play seemed to exercise a magnetic influence upon every man in his team, and so irresistible was the force of Melbourne's splendidly concerted game that in the third quarter Fitzroy, although striving gallantly and untiringly, never once passed their opponents' goal line, while Melourne, adding 2.3 to nil, wound up the quarter with a lead of 13 points. — The Leader, 29 September 1900.
In 1901, when it was thought that he had retired, the eminent footballer, coach, and sports journalist, Jack Worrall, observed that Wardill "was one of the most brilliant exponents the game has seen".
Representative team (VFL)
In June 1900 he was a member of the VFL's representative team that played a match against a combined Ballarat team.
Death
He died at Elsternwick after jumping in front of a train on 28 August 1929.Wills and Estates, The Age, (Wednesday, 2 October 1929), p.13.In Memoriam: Wardill, The Argus, (Thursday, 28 August 1930), p.1.In Memoriam: Wardill, The Age, (Saturday, 27 August 1932), p.5.In Memoriam: Wardill, The Argus, (Wednesday, 29 August 1934), p.1.In Memoriam: Tatham, The Argus, (Thursday, 18 August 1938), p.10.
Richard C. Wardill, aged about 50 years, of Dudley street, Brighton, was killed by an electric train between Ripponlea and Elsternwick yesterday afternoon. The motor-man of the 3.30 pm. train from Flinders street to Sandringham reported that when the train was about to pass under the Hotham street footbridge a man jumped from the embankment and fell in front of the last carriage. He was cut to pieces before the train could be stopped.It is understood that Mrs Wardill is visiting Sydney to undergo an operation. — The Argus, 29 August 1929.
Given the circumstances of his father's own suicide, it is significant that the newspaper reports of the time stressed that he was "without any financial or other worry", but "was passing through a period of mental depression" at the time of his suicide.
See also
List of Caulfield Grammar School people
The Footballers' Alphabet
Notes
References
'Follower', "The Footballers' Alphabet", The Leader, (Saturday, 23 July 1898), p.17.
Main, Jim & Holmesby, Russell (1992). The Encyclopedia of League Footballers''. Melbourne, Victoria: Wilkinson Books.
External links
Dick Wardill, at Demonwiki
1872 births
1929 suicides
People educated at Caulfield Grammar School
Melbourne Football Club (VFA) players
Melbourne Football Club players
Melbourne Football Club captains
Melbourne Cricket Club cricketers
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Suicides by train
Suicides in Victoria (Australia)
Melbourne Football Club Premiership players
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Masauso Mwale was a Zambian soccer coach who managed at different Zambian Premier League teams. In 2014, he coached 11–time Zambian football champions Nkana FC. He died in a road accident in 2014 while traveling from Ndola to Kitwe for a soccer match.
References
Zambian sports coaches
2014 deaths
Football in Zambia
Religion in Greece is dominated by Christianity, in particular the Greek Orthodox Church, which is within the larger communion of the Eastern Orthodox Church. It represented 90% of the total population in 2015 and is constitutionally recognized as the "prevailing religion" of Greece. Religions with smaller numbers of followers include Islam (comprising 2% of the population), Catholicism (comprising less than 1% of the population), Evangelicalism, Hellenic Paganism, Sikhism and Hinduism. Also a small number of Greek Atheists exists, not self-identifying as religious. Religion is key part of identity for most Greeks, with 76% of Greeks in a 2015-17 survey saying that their nationality is defined by Christianity. Statistics on metaphysics and worldview, do not concern narrowly only the hyponym religion.
According to other sources, 81.4% of Greeks identify as Orthodox Christians and 14.7% are atheists.
Christianity
As of 2015, 93% of the population of Greece was Christian.
Eastern Orthodoxy
The Church of Greece, a member of the Eastern Orthodox Communion, is accorded the status of "prevailing religion" in Greece's constitution. Since 1850, Greek Orthodoxy within Greece is handled by the Church. Its members comprise between 88% and 95-98% of the population, the most recent Pew report gave a percentage of 90% as 2015 numbers.
The status of the Orthodox church as the "prevailing religion" is largely based on the role the church played for the preservation of the Greek nation through the years of the Ottoman Empire but also for the role the church played in the Greek War of Independence. As a result, many attribute to the modern Greek nation an ethnoreligious identity.
Furthermore, the mainstream Orthodox clergy's salaries and pensions are paid for by the State at rates comparable to those of teachers. All Greek students in primary and secondary schools in Greece attend Christian Orthodox instruction, although there is an exemption system for students who do not want to attend, as long as the exemption is requested by both parents.
Catholicism
Catholics made up less than 1% of the total population in 2015. The Catholic community has increased in size in recent years due to immigration and today number over 200,000.
Roman Catholics
Roman Catholic Greeks number approximately 50,000 and are found all over Greece; the majority, however, live in the Cyclades and the Ionian Islands. The presence of Catholics in the Greek islands is mostly a heritage from the time of the Venetian domination from the Middle Ages. The Catholic community has increased in size in recent years due to immigration and today number over 200,000.
Greek Catholics
Catholic Greeks of the Byzantine Rite (Uniates or Unites) number approximately 6,000 nationwide and mostly live in Athens.
Protestantism
Protestants, including Greek Evangelical Church and Free Evangelical Churches, stand at about 30,000. The Free Apostolic Church of the Pentecost was founded by Leonidas Feggos in 1965. The official church, Eastern Orthodox, and the State reluctantly gave permission for Pentecostal churches to operate legally. The process of receiving permission from the Ministry of Education and Religion to operate as a church is becoming easier. Assemblies of God, the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel and other Pentecostal churches of the Greek Synod of Apostolic Church have 12,000 members. The Independent Free Apostolic Church of Pentecost is the biggest Protestant denomination in Greece with 120 churches. There are no official statistics about Free Apostolic Church of Pentecost, but the Orthodox Church estimates the followers at 20,000.
Armenian Church
The presence of Armenians in Greece dates back centuries (from the Byzantine period), when Armenians settled in Thessalia, Macedonia, Thrace and the islands of Crete and Corfu for various reasons such as war or business.
The Armenians in Greece acquired the character of a community after the 1920s, when 70,000 to 80,000 survivors of the Armenian genocide fled to Greece. Today, emigration to North America has diminished the Armenian population of Greece. The number now counts for roughly 20,000-35,000 Greco-Armenians.
Islam
The number of citizens of Greece who are Muslims is estimated to be at 97,604 people or 0.95% of the total population, according to the 1991 census. They live mostly in Western Thrace and are primarily of Turkish, Slavonic (Pomak) and Romani descent. Immigrant Muslims are estimated between 200,000-300,000. and approximately half of them live in Athens. In 2015, Islam was the religion of 2% of the total population of Greece.
Judaism
The Jewish community in Greece currently amounts to roughly 5,500 people, concentrated mainly in Athens, Thessaloniki, Larissa, Volos, Chalkis, Ioannina, Trikala and Corfu, while very few remain in Kavala and Rhodes. It is composed largely of two groups, the Romaniotes, Jewish communities dating back to Antiquity, and the Ladino-speaking Sephardim, who arrived from Spain and settled chiefly in Thessaloniki during Ottoman times.
Buddhism
The number of the followers is not so high amongst the Greeks but it has increased during the last decades because of the immigration of people from East Asia, Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia in Greece. Sri Lankan and Southeast Asian migrant workers working in Greece were usually sent back to their home country to be cremated, due to cremation being banned in Greece until 2006. Today there are three religious centers, in Athens, Thessaloniki and Corinth.
Hinduism
Hinduism in Greece has a small following. There is a small Hindu community in Athens. There are 25 PIOs and 12 NRIs in the city. On March 1, 2006, the Greek government passed a law allowing cremation. The law was welcomed by the Indian community in Athens.
Sikhism
Sikhs have been in Greece since the World Wars, as part of the British Indian Army. Guru Nanak is also known to have passed through Greece during one of his journeys. However, actual immigration to Greece began in the 1970s. It reached its peak during the 1990s-2000s. As of 2017, Sikhs are estimated to number 20,000-25,000. There are eight Gurudwaras in Greece, most of them based in Central Greece and only one being in Crete. Gurudwaras are often officially documented as personal properties, community centres or libraries, due to the paperwork needed and also due to the lack of recognition of Sikhs by the Greek Government. Sikhs often face racism and discrimination by the Greek public, who confuse them with Muslims, as well as legal challenges, mostly due to the distinct appearance (The Five Ks). Sikhs are not allowed to wear their turbans and ride motorcycles without helmets, as in the United Kingdom, where their contributions in the war efforts were recognized and they were allowed to not wear helmets. Young Sikhs often face difficulties when recruited for the mandatory conscription in Greece, due to their long hair, beard and turbans. Sikhism is still not an officially recognized in Greece and Sikhs are often not included in censuses. Media coverage of Sikhs is minimal and their religion is often reported as a mix of Hinduism and Islam, while it has a separate belief system and many differences. Sikh Gurudwaras have faced numerous attacks including gunshots and Molotov cocktails. On March 1, 2006, the Greek government passed a law allowing cremation, a move welcomed by both Sikhs and Hindus. Since the financial crisis of 2007–2008, many Sikhs have migrated to other countries, such as the United Kingdom, Canada, and Germany.
Hellenic ethnic religion
Over 2000 people are members of the Supreme Council of Ethnic Hellenes, the foremost organisation of Hellenic ethnic religion. Over 100,000 people are "sympathisers". On 9 April 2017 the Hellenic ethnic religion was officially recognized by the Greek state.
Other faiths
Other minor faiths in Greece include Jehovah's Witnesses (who number about 28,000), Seventh-day Adventists, Mormons and Scientologists. Groups that constitute less than 1 percent of the population includes those of the Baháʼí Faith.
Gallery
See also
Timeline of Orthodoxy in Greece
Religion in ancient Greece
Religion by country
References
Sources
US Department of State Country Reports on Human Rights Practices - 2006: Greece
Tomkinson, John L., Between Heaven and Earth: The Greek Church, Anagnosis (Athens, 2004)
Elk Creek may refer to:
Places
Communities
Elk Creek, California, community in Glenn County
Elk Creek, Kentucky
Elk Creek, Nebraska
Elk Creek, Virginia
Elk Creek, Wisconsin
Elk Creek Township (disambiguation)
Streams
Elk Creek (California), watercourse in Colusa County
Elk Creek (Turkey River), a river in Iowa
Elk Creek (Kansas), a river in Kansas
Elk Creek (Rock River), a stream in Minnesota
Elk Creek (Gasconade River), a stream in Missouri
Elk Creek (New York)
Elk Creek (Rogue River), a stream in Oregon
Elk Creek (Umpqua River), a stream in Oregon
Elk Creek (Lake Erie), Pennsylvania
Elk Creek (Loyalsock Creek), Pennsylvania
Elk Creek (Penns Creek), Pennsylvania
Elk Creek (South Dakota)
Elk Creek (West Virginia)
This is a list of characters in animation that either self-identify as lesbian or have been identified by outside parties to be lesbian. Listed characters are either recurring characters, cameos, guest stars, or one-off characters. This article does not include any characters in Japanese animation, otherwise known as anime. There are also corresponding lists of bisexual and gay animated characters.
For fictional characters in other parts of the LGBTQ community, see the lists of gay, trans, bisexual, non-binary, pansexual, asexual, and intersex characters. For convenience's sake, female characters who are either lesbian or another kind of queer are listed here for the time being.
The names are organized alphabetically by surname (i.e. last name), or by single name if the character does not have a surname. If more than two characters are in one entry, the last name of the first character is used.
From the 1980s to the 1990s
In the 2000s
In the 2010s
In the 2020s
See also
List of polyamorous characters in fiction
List of television series with bisexual characters
List of animated series with LGBT characters
List of comedy television series with LGBT characters
List of dramatic television series with LGBT characters: 1970s–2000s
List of dramatic television series with LGBT characters: 2010s
List of LGBT characters in television and radio
Notes
References
Lesbian in animation
lesbian
Characters in animation
The first round of CONCACAF matches for 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification was played in March and June 2021.
Format
A total of 30 teams (CONCACAF teams ranked 6 to 35 based on the FIFA rankings of July 2020) were divided into six groups of five teams each. In each group, teams played against each other once in a single round-robin format, for a total of four matches per team (two home and two away). The top team of each of the six groups advanced to the second round.
Seeding
The draw for the first round was held, along with the draw for the third round, on 19 August 2020, 19:00 CEST (UTC+2), at the FIFA headquarters in Zürich, Switzerland.
The seeding was based on the FIFA World Rankings of July 2020 (shown in parentheses). Teams in Pot 1 were pre-seeded to positions A1 to F1 based on their ranking (A1 as the highest-ranked team in Pot 1, and F1 as the lowest-ranked in Pot 1). The remaining teams were drawn by pot into the first available group alphabetically. Each team was assigned the position in their group based on their pot number (Pot 2 was placed in position 2, Pot 3 was placed in position 3).
Note: Bolded teams qualified for the second round.
Schedule
The matches were originally scheduled for 7–13 October and 11–17 November 2020. However, CONCACAF announced on 8 September 2020 that the matches would be postponed, and would not begin until March 2021. The schedule for the March 2021 matches was announced on 26 February 2021. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in North America and related quarantine and travel restrictions in certain countries, some matches took place at neutral venues.
Groups
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Saint Lucia withdrew before playing.
Group F
Goalscorers
Notes
References
External links
Qualifiers – North, Central America and Caribbean: Matches, FIFA.com
World Cup Qualifying – Men, CONCACAF.com
1
Qual1
FIFA World Cup qualification - CONCACAF First Round
FIFA World Cup qualification - CONCACAF First Round
FIFA World Cup qualification - CONCACAF First Round, 2022
Canada at the 2022 FIFA World Cup
Cape Leeuwin is the most south-westerly point of the Australian mainland.
Cape Leeuwin may also refer to the following subjects:
Cape Leeuwin Lighthouse, a lighthouse on Cape Leeuwin
, a lighthouse tender built in 1924, and in naval service during World War II
Paraserianthes lophantha or Cape Leeuwin Wattle, a species of wattle tree native to the coastal regions of south-west Australia
The St Alouarn Islands off Cape Leeuwin are sometimes referred to as the Cape Leeuwin Islands
See also
Leeuwin
Woodbridge Bay is a bay on the southwestern coast of Dominica off Stock Farm, north of the main centre of Roseau and south of the village of Canefield. It is the main port of entry into Dominica.
References
Bays of Dominica
Bioinformatics and Biology Insights is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal focusing on the application of bioinformatics to biological research. The journal was originally published by Libertas Academica, but SAGE Publications became the publisher in September 2016. The journal is edited by Erich Bornberg-Bauer.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is indexed in
Emerging Sources Citation Index
PubMed/PubMed Central
Scopus
Selected EBSCO, Elsevier, & Gale databases
References
External links
Bioinformatics and computational biology journals
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Open access journals
Hans Böckler (26 February 1875 – 16 February 1951) was a German politician and trade union leader. He was the most influential re-founder of the unions in post-war Germany and became the first president of the German Trade Union Confederation.
Biography
Böckler was born in Trautskirchen near Neustadt an der Aisch and grew up in a family with limited means. When his father died in 1888, he quit school and worked as an apprentice goldbeater to support his family. In 1894 he joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and the German metalworkers' Union.
From 1914 to 1915 Böckler fought in World War I. He was badly injured and relieved from military service. He worked for the unions in Danzig, Kattowitz und Siegen until the end the war. From 1924 to 1926 he was an SPD city councilor in Cologne. In 1928 he was elected to the Reichstag where he remained until 1933.
In 1945 Böckler was instrumental in the reorganisation of the unions in the British Zone of Occupation. In April 1947 several unions joined to form the Gewerkschaftsbund in der britischen Besatzungszone and elected him as the president. In 1949 he became the first president of the German Trade Union Confederation.
On 25 January 1951, three weeks before his death, Böckler signed an agreement with German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer to establish full co-determination in the coal and steel industries. Böckler died of a heart attack in Düsseldorf and was buried in the Melaten-Friedhof in Cologne.
Works
1906: Es werde Licht! In ernster Zeit - Ein ernstes Wort an die Hüttenleute und Metallarbeiter im Saargebiet - Verlag von J. Böckler, Saarbrücken
Hans-Böckler-Stiftung
The (Hans Böckler Foundation) is named in Böckler's honour. It was established by the German Confederation of Trade Unions in 1977 with the merger of the Hans-Böckler-Gesellschaft (Hans Böckler Society) and the Stiftung Mitbestimmung (Co-determination Foundation). In 1995 the (Institute of Economics and Social Sciences) was integrated into the foundation. Based in Düsseldorf, the foundation has several research institutes and publishes a variety of books, journals and working papers. It also provides scholarships and student work placements with funding by the German government.
From 1980 until 2001, the foundation jointly awarded the Hans Böckler Prize with the German Confederation of Trade Unions. The prize was given annually to individuals or organizations for their achievements in improving the working and living conditions of workers and their families and promoting social cohesion and solidarity. The first recipient was Oswald von Nell-Breuning.
Notes
References
Further reading
Heinz,Joachim (1992). Die Hunde des Herren führen ein schöneres Leben als Ihr. St. Ingbert
Agartz, Viktor (1951). "Hans Böckler: Ein Leben für die Gewerkschaft". Rhein Zeitung
External links
Hans-Böckler-Stiftung
Weimar Republic politicians
German trade union leaders
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
1875 births
1951 deaths
Members of the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic
Sewadjkare (more exactly Sewadjkare I) was an Egyptian pharaoh of the 13th Dynasty during the early Second Intermediate Period. According to Egyptologists Kim Ryholt and Darrell Baker he was the eleventh ruler of the dynasty, reigning for a short time c. 1781 BC. Alternatively, Thomas Schneider, Detlef Franke and Jürgen von Beckerath see him as the tenth king of the 13th Dynasty, with Schneider placing his reign at c. 1737 BC.
Evidence
No contemporary attestation of Sewadjkare survives to this day and this pharaoh is only known to us thanks to the Turin canon. This king list was redacted during the early Ramesside period from older documents and serves as the primary source for kings of the Second Intermediate Period.
Sewadjkare's name appears on the 7th column, 13th line of the papyrus.
Reign length
The Turin canon normally gives the reign length of the kings it lists; however, the duration of Sewadjkare's reign is lost in a lacuna. Only the number of days is partially preserved and was read by Ryholt as eleven to fourteen days. The space apparently taken by the total duration of the reign as recorded on the Turin canon led Ryholt to propose a minimum reign length of half a month. Given the total absence of contemporary attestation for Sewadjkare, it seems likely that he was an ephemeral ruler.
Identity
Sewadjkare should not be confused with two other pharaohs bearing the same prenomen, and who reigned later in the Second Intermediate Period. Sewadjkare Hori II, also known as Hori II, reigned at the very end of the 13th Dynasty, from c. 1669 until 1664 BC. The other ruler with the same prenomen is Sewadjkare III of the 14th Dynasty, who is also known only thanks to the Turin canon. Sewadjkare III reigned for a short while, some time between c. 1699 and 1694 BC.
References
18th-century BC Pharaohs
Pharaohs of the Thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt
An Army of Shapes Between Wars is the second album by the Long Island band Action Action, released in 2006 by Victory Records.
Release
On November 23, 2005, An Army of Shapes Between Wars was announced for release in two months' time. Until the end of the year, Action Action went on a US tour with Men, Women & Children. On January 18, 2006, "Paper Cliche" was posted on the band's PureVolume profile. An Army of Shapes Between Wars was made available for streaming on January 23, 2006 through AOL Music, before being released the following day through Victory Records. To promote it, the band played a series of in-store performances at various record stores on the East Coast in January and February 2006, which was followed by a support slot for Men, Women & Children on their headlining West Coast tour.
In March 2006, the band went on a West Coat tour with Something for Rockets. After this, they went on a cross-country US tour with the Sounds and Morningwood until May 2006. They embarked on a US tour in June and July 2006 with the Matches; Portugal. The Man, the Classic Crime, Schoolyard Heroes, and Rediscover appeared on the first half, while Portugal. The Man, Valencia, Rediscover, and New London Fire featured on the second half. Following a Victory Records showcase at CMJ Festival in November 2006, the band went on a short Midwestern US tour with My American Heart, Pistolita, and Danger Radio.
Track listing
References
2006 albums
Action Action albums
Victory Records albums
Ellen Jones may refer to:
Ellen Jones (novelist), American author of historical romance novels, published from 1991
Ellen Isabel Jones (died 1946), née Cotton, English suffragette and close associate of the Pankhursts
Ellen Jaffe Jones, American consumer, health, and fitness journalist and author
Ellen Jones (translator), British scholar and translator
Ellen Jones (footballer) (born 2002), English footballer
Elin Jones (born 1966), member of the National Assembly for Wales
See also
Mary Ellen Jones (disambiguation)
Helen Jones (disambiguation)
Alfred Gurdon Gulley (July 15, 1848 — August 16, 1917) was an American professor of horticulture at the Connecticut Agricultural College (now the University of Connecticut) from 1894 to 1917. He oversaw the beautification of the grounds, planting many ornamental trees and gardens.
Early life and education
Gulley was born into a farming family in Dearborn, Michigan, on July 15, 1848. He earned his bachelor of science degree from Michigan Agricultural College (now Michigan State University) in 1868 and his master of science degree in 1873. He was one of the first graduates from one of the first agricultural colleges in the United States. Both his degrees were in horticulture. He specialized in fruit farming and ornamentals.
Career
After graduation, Gulley worked in greenhouses and nurseries in Detroit, Rochester, and South Haven for the better part of two decades. He worked as assistant horticulturist at Michigan State from 1890 to 1893 and then taught at the University of Vermont for one year. In the summer of 1894, he began his 23 years of service at the University of Connecticut as professor of horticulture. He was a skilled practical horticulturist and respected teacher, but not a scholar. Gulley served for two years as president of the Connecticut Pomological Society. He was active in promoting Connecticut's fruit growing interests and frequently lectured at gatherings of state farmers. He was an active Freemason.
Gulley Hall
First occupied in 1909, the Horticulture Hall on UConn's Storrs campus was renamed Alfred Gurdon Gulley Hall in Gulley's honor in February 1921. Originally used for storage and classroom and office space, Gulley eventually became an administrative office building. Since the presidency of Homer D. Babbidge, Jr. in the 1960s, Gulley Hall has housed the offices of the university president and provost.
Death
Gulley passed away suddenly at his son's fruit farm in South Windsor, Connecticut, which he and his wife were visiting. He died on August 16, 1917, at the age of 69. He was survived by his wife and son, Roy C. Gulley. Following a funeral in Storrs, his body was returned to Michigan for interment.
References
1848 births
1917 deaths
American horticulturists
Michigan State University alumni
University of Connecticut faculty
The Phoenix Suns are an American professional basketball team based in Phoenix, Arizona. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Founded in , the Suns are chronologically the second-oldest team in the Western Conference. The Suns are also chronologically the third-oldest team in the NBA to have never won an NBA Championship while having played in the NBA Finals at least once. The Suns play their home games at the Footprint Center (formerly the Phoenix Suns Arena, American West Arena and the US Airways Center).
The Phoenix Suns franchise has had 20 head coaches. John MacLeod is the franchise's all-time leader in coaching years and games won, winning the most regular-season and playoff games. Cotton Fitzsimmons, Mike D'Antoni and Monty Williams are the only coaches to have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award with the Suns. The Suns never have been coached by a Basketball Hall of Fame inductee. Paul Westphal has the highest all-time winning percentage with the Suns with a .685 percentage. Alvin Gentry was named head coach after Terry Porter was dismissed by the Suns after 51 games in 2008. Gentry left the Phoenix Suns under mutual agreement to part ways on January 18, 2013. He was replaced by Lindsey Hunter halfway through the 2012–13 NBA season. He has since been replaced by former Suns player Jeff Hornacek. Hired in 2018, Serbian coach Igor Kokoškov became the first head coach born and raised outside of North America to be hired as a head coach in NBA history. Former Pelicans coach Monty Williams was hired to coach the team on May 3, 2019.
Key
Coaches
Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the .
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of the Suns. Thus, any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NBA season.
References
General
Specific
Lists of National Basketball Association head coaches by team
Head coaches
May & Baker Eastbrook Community Football Club is a football club based in Dagenham, Greater London, England. They are currently members of the and play at Parkside, Aveley, where they share with Aveley.
History
The club became members of the Essex Business Houses League and went on to win the League Cup in 2005–06. The club subsequently joined Division Three of the Essex Olympian League the following season. The club were Division Three runners-up in their first season in the league, and were promoted to Division Two, which was renamed Division One prior to the next season. The 2007–08 season saw them finish second in Division One, earning promotion to the Premier Division. Despite finishing fifth in the Premier Division the following season, they were demoted back to Division One. However, the club went on to win the Division One title in 2009–10 and were promoted back to the Premier Division. They won the Denny King Memorial Cup in 2011–12.
In 2014 the club were renamed May and Baker Eastbrook Community, reflecting the area of Dagenham in which the club is based. They won the Essex Junior Cup in 2016–17, and moved up to the newly created Division One South of the Eastern Counties League at the end of the following season.
Ground
The club originally played on a pitch behind the May & Baker factory, with spectator facilities consisting of seats in a covered veranda built into the clubhouse. The pitch was requisitioned for use by the factory in the 1970s. The club moved to the M&B Sports and Social Club, a large sports ground site including a railed-off pitch and pavilion. In order to move up to the Eastern Counties League, the club relocated to Barking RFC's Gale Street ground. Prior to the 2019–20 season, May & Baker entered a groundsharing agreement at Aveley's Parkside ground.
Honours
Essex Olympian League
Division One champions 2009–10
Denny King Memorial Cup winners 2011–12
Essex Business Houses League
League Cup winners 2005–06
Essex Junior Cup
Winners 2016–17
Records
Best FA Vase performance: Second round, 2018–19
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in England
Football clubs in London
Essex Business Houses Football League
Essex Olympian Football League
Eastern Counties Football League
Sport in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham
Works association football teams in England
DeMarcus Curry (born April 30, 1975) is a former American football tackle. He played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2001.
References
1975 births
Living people
American football offensive tackles
Auburn Tigers football players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Players of American football from Columbus, Georgia
Area 10 can refer to:
Area 10 (Nevada National Security Site)
Brodmann area 10
Demirci is a village in the Nilüfer district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Nilüfer District
The U.S. state of Texas issues marriage licenses to same-sex couples and recognizes those marriages when performed out-of-state. Prior to the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling striking down all state bans on same-sex marriage, Article 1, Section 32, of the Texas Constitution provided that "Marriage in this state shall consist only of the union of one man and one woman," and "This state or a political subdivision of this state may not create or recognize any legal status identical or similar to marriage." Prohibition of same-sex marriage and civil unions also exist in Texas statute. This amendment and all related statutes have been ruled unconstitutional. Some cities and counties in the state recognize both same-sex and opposite-sex domestic partnerships.
Domestic partnerships
Currently there is no recognition of domestic partnerships at the statewide level in Texas.
Domestic partner benefits provided by governmental entities
Travis County
Since January 1991, the Travis County has maintained a registry for domestic partnerships. It is the first county in Texas to recognize domestic partnerships.
Austin
On September 2, 1993, the Austin City Council voted 5–2 in favor of the city offering domestic partner benefits. In January 1994, domestic partnerships became available in Austin, becoming the first city in Texas to do so. A group named Concerned Texans, led by the Rev. Charles Bullock, led a petition drive, called Proposition 22. On May 7, 1994, Proposition 22 passed, with a margin of 62 percent in favor to 38 percent against. It amended Austin's city charter to prohibit domestic partners, which were effectively terminated on May 9, 1994.
On May 13, 2006, Austin voters passed, by a vote of 68 percent in favor to 32 percent against, Proposition 2, which amended the city charter to restore domestic partner benefits for city employees.
Dallas
Since 2004, the city of Dallas has offered domestic partnership benefits to city employees.
El Paso
On August 25, 2009, the El Paso City Council voted 7-1 to grant domestic partnership benefits to city employees. A group, called Traditional Family Values, led by the Rev. Tom Brown, led a petition drive to repeal the city's domestic partnership benefits. The proposition was criticized for its poorly worded language on the ballot. On November 2, 2010, the proposition passed, with a margin of 55 percent in favor to 45 percent against. It amended El Paso's city charter to prohibit domestic partners, which were effectively terminated on January 1, 2011. On November 16, 2010, the El Paso City Council voted 4–3 against rescinding the public referendum prohibiting domestic partnerships in the city.
On May 14, 2011, the El Paso City Council voted 4-4 on restoring domestic partnerships in the city. Mayor John Cook casts the tie breaking vote in favor of restoring domestic partnerships, which restored domestic partner benefits for city employees.
Fort Worth
On January 1, 2011, domestic partnership benefits of city employees of Fort Worth began.
San Antonio
On September 15, 2011, the San Antonio City Council voted 8-3 to grant domestic partnership benefits to city employees. It took effect on October 1, 2011.
El Paso County
On August 13, 2012, the El Paso County Commissioners Court voted 3-1 to grant domestic partnership benefits to county employees.
Dallas County
On October 30, 2012, the Dallas County Commissioners Court voted 3-2 to grant domestic partnership benefits to city employees. It took effect on January 1, 2013.
Houston
On November 6, 2001, 52 percent of Houston voters approved Proposition 2, an amendment to the city charter prohibiting the city from providing domestic partner benefits for city employees. The amendment however specifically permits benefits to be provided to "legal spouses" of employees. On November 20, 2013, Mayor Annise Parker announced that the city will begin offering domestic partnerships benefits to all legally married spouses of city employees. This will apply to same-sex couples who have been married in a state where same-sex marriage is legal. The mayor's decision is based on a city legal department interpretation of recent U.S. Supreme Court decisions and other relevant case law from the around the country. On December 17, 2013, State District Judge Lisa Millard issued an order to put on hold the implementation of Houston's domestic partnership law, in response to a lawsuit filed by Harris County GOP chairman Jared Woodfill, on behalf of plaintiffs Jack Pidgeon and Larry Hicks. It is pending a hearing on January 6, 2014.
Bexar County
In June 1999, a gay rights activist asked Bexar County officials to establish a legal registry for those who want to declare themselves same-sex domestic partners. County officials sought a ruling from Texas Attorney General John Cornyn, who responded that such declarations constituted an attempt to establish a legal relationship similar to marriage, a violation of Texas law. Bexar County denied the request in December.
On February 4, 2014, Bexar County Commissioners Court voted 5–0 in favor of allowing county employee benefits to be extended to domestic partners.
2013 Texas attorney general opinion
In April 2013, Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott opined that Article I, Section 32 of the Texas Constitution prohibits a political subdivision of the state from "creating a legal status of domestic partnership and recognizing that status by offering public benefits based upon it." The opinion request from state Senator Dan Patrick inquired about political subdivisions that "offer some form of insurance benefits to domestic partnerships" as part of their employee benefit programs. Article I, Section 32 says that "[t]his state or a political subdivision of this state may not create or recognize any legal status identical or similar to marriage." The attorney general said that a city, county, or independent school district is a "political subdivision" for this purpose. He also said, "By establishing eligibility criteria and requiring affidavits and other legal documentation to demonstrate applicants' eligibility to be considered domestic partners, ... political subdivisions have purported to create a legal status of domestic partnership that is not otherwise recognized under Texas law. Furthermore, the political subdivisions 'recognize' that legal status by providing benefits to individuals who attain that status." As for whether the domestic partnerships are "similar" to marriage, the attorney general said "a court is likely to conclude that the domestic partnership legal status ... is 'similar to marriage' and therefore barred" by the constitution.
In response, the Austin Independent School District decided not to offer health benefits to the domestic partners of its employees. However, the Austin Independent School District changed its position in August 2013, and has moved forward to offer health benefits to domestic partners of employees. City Manager Marc Ott and Mayor Lee Leffingwell of the City of Austin said that the city would not change its domestic partners benefits policy. Sam Biscoe, the county judge of Travis County, said that the county would not change its policy because, "Legally, we are in good shape." A spokesperson for Fort Worth said the city did not expect any problems from the opinion because "Our domestic partner policy does not say anything about marriage or gender." El Paso mayor John Cook said, "The attorney general's opinion is nothing but that - it's an opinion that doesn't have the enforcement of a court case." Veronica Escobar, the county judge of El Paso County, said that the opinion was not binding and that the county would continue to provide benefits to the unmarried partners of its employees.
Marriage
Statute
In 1997, the Texas legislature prohibited the issuance of marriage licenses to same-sex couples. In 2003, the legislature enacted a statute that made void in Texas any same-sex marriage or civil union. This statute also prohibits the state or any agency or political subdivision of the state from giving effect to same-sex marriages or civil unions performed in other jurisdictions.
During the legislature's 2013 regular session, House Bill 1300 by Representative Lon Burnam would have repealed the same-sex marriage prohibition; however, the bill died in the State Affairs committee of the house of representatives. Senate Bill 480 by Senator Juan Hinojosa would have repealed only the civil union prohibition; however, this bill also died in committee.
Constitution
On November 8, 2005, Texas voters approved Texas Proposition 2 that amended the state constitution to define marriage as consisting "only of the union of one man and one woman" and prohibiting the state or any political subdivision of the state from creating or recognizing "any legal status identical or similar to marriage."
During the legislature's 2013 regular session, House Joint Resolution 77 by Representative Rafael Anchia, House Joint Resolution 78 by Representative Garnet Coleman, and Senate Joint Resolution 29 by Senator José R. Rodríguez would have repealed the constitutional definition of marriage; however, all these resolutions died in their respective committees.
Federal lawsuit
In November 2013, two same-sex couples challenged the state's same-sex marriage ban in U.S. District Court, which ruled in their favor on February 26, 2014, while staying enforcement of its ruling pending appeal. The state has appealed the decision to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.
State lawsuits
Divorce for same-sex couples
In the Matter of the Marriage of A.L.F.L. and K.L.L.
On February 18, 2014, a same-sex couple, married in Washington D.C., filed for divorce and child custody lawsuit. On April 23, 2014, Judge Barbara Nellermoe, of the 45th Judicial District Court of Bexar County, ruled that three portions of the Texas Family Code, as well as Section 32 of the Texas Constitution, were unconstitutional. On April 25, 2014, Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott appealed the decision. On May 15, 2014, Judge Nellermoe rejected a push by state officials to block a same-sex couple's divorce and child-custody case from proceeding. She also set a May 29 custody hearing in San Antonio for the fight between the couple over custody of their daughter.
In Re Marriage of J.B. and H.B.
In 2009, a same-sex couple that had married in Massachusetts filed for divorce in Dallas, but before the district court could grant the divorce the Texas Attorney General intervened and challenged the court's jurisdiction to do so. On October 2, 2009, the district court ruled, in the case of In Re Marriage of J.B. and H.B. that, to the extent Texas laws purported to prevent two men who were legally married in Massachusetts from getting a divorce in Texas, those laws were unconstitutional. But the Texas Attorney General appealed, and on August 31, 2010, the Fifth Court of Appeals in Dallas reversed the lower court, ruling that the same-sex marriage ban does not violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, even when used to prevent a legally-married couple from obtaining a divorce.
The case is pending before the Texas Supreme Court, with oral arguments set for November 5, 2013.
Texas v. Naylor
In Austin, another same-sex couple married in Massachusetts filed for divorce, and the district court actually granted the divorce before the Attorney General could intervene. The Attorney General appealed that decision too, but on January 7, 2011, the Third Court of Appeals in Austin, in the case of Texas v. Naylor held that the state had no right to intervene in the case, to challenge the divorce on appeal.
The case is pending before the Texas Supreme Court. Oral arguments took place November 5, 2013.
Public opinion
Since 2009, Texans between the ages of 18 and 29 have increasingly supported same-sex marriage at a faster rate than that of the general population. In June 2009, the University of Texas found that 49 percent of that age group supported same-sex marriage as opposed to 29 percent of the general population. In February 2013, it found that 59 percent of them did so while only 37 percent of the general population had the same opinion. Opposition from Texans between the ages of 18 and 29 dropped 12 points in the same period, from 28 to 16 percent. At the same time, opposition from the general population in Texan dropped 5 points, from 52.7 percent to 47.5 percent. Glengariff Group, Inc., in conjunction with the pro-LGBT rights Equality Texas Foundation, found that support in that age group rose from 53.6 percent in 2010 to 67.9 percent in 2013 while within the general population in Texas, support rose from 42.7 percent to 47.9 percent.
See also
LGBT rights in Texas
Same-sex marriage in Texas
References
LGBT in Texas
Texas law
Texas
This was the first edition of the tournament. The tournament was originally scheduled to be played in Villa Allende but was relocated to Buenos Aires due to operational issues at the venue in Villa Allende.
Francisco Comesaña won the title after defeating Mariano Navone 6–4, 6–0 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Main draw
Qualifying draw
Challenger Tenis Club Argentino - 1
Palav may refer to:
Pilaf, rice dish
Shyam Palav, Indian cinematographer
Bhagwan Dada, Indian actor, born Bhagwan Aabaji Palav
The Caseros Prison Demolition Project — 80,000 Tons, which contains 16 Tons and Aparecidos, is the work of artist Seth Wulsin. It uses the defunct Caseros Prison of Buenos Aires, Argentina and its demolition as raw materials.
Aparecido is the past participle for the Spanish verb aparecer - to appear. Its second meaning is apparition or ghost. It may also refer in an oblique way to Argentina's Dirty War, in which an estimated 30,000 people, "Desaparecidos" were disappeared between 1976 and 1981 by the military junta, many of them thrown from airplanes into the Rio Plate.
Sixteen Tons, the name of a popular song written in the late 1940s, referred to the amount of coal a miner was expected to load in a day, but in this context may refer to the amount of glass broken out through the installation, or de-installation, process.
80,000 tons is the approximate weight of the entire building, and the debris that the demolition produced.
The demolition
On a basic level, the demolition of the prison, contracted out by the city government of Buenos Aires to the Argentine military, was the seed for the artwork. The building was slated for demolition in 2001, but the process was subject to various legal, environmental and bureaucratic roadblocks. The original plan was to implode the building in three steps. But the implosion was stopped at the last minute by a group of neighbors concerned about the possibility of damaging environmental effects, including asbestos poisoning and the possibility of driving millions of rats out of the tunnels underneath the prison. Caseros was demolished by mechanical means floor by floor from the top down between 2003 and 2008. The cost of demolishing the prison, and thus the budget for the artwork, was estimated at somewhere between one and three million dollars.
The grids
The window grids on the north end of the former prison provided the locus and point of entry for the work. Each grid was approximately tall and wide. Breaking out certain windows, Wulsin created faces in each of the 48 outer grids on the building. Each grid consisted of 11 x 19 (209) circular semi-opaque windows, eight inches (203 mm) in diameter. The windows that remained reflected the light of the sky, the sun and the moon, producing images from certain angles that were completely a function of space and light—the dark interior space of the prison, and the light shining through the optically reflective space of the remaining windows.
The pictorial space of each image was directed at different points on the ground where the sun reflecting in the windows was visible. The viewing angles changed throughout the year as the sun's elevation in the sky changed.
In addition to the 48 outer window grids, there were also 48 grids facing inward, directly opposite the outer grids. They didn't reflect the light of the sun from any possible viewing angles on the street, but the artist worked with them as well, using morse code to embed messages in the window grids.
The window grids were already in various stages of decomposition when Wulsin found the building, with almost a third of the total number of windows already broken out by inmates during various prison riots when the jail was still in use.
The cycle of appearance and disappearance that took place according to the daily, monthly and yearly lunar and solar cycles, and the position of the potential viewer was underscored at a larger magnitude by the demolition process, which consisted in the removal of the building from the top down, floor by floor. The demolition lasted until March 2008, with the majority of the rubble taken to a fill in the River Plate at Costanera Norte near Jorge Newbury Airport.
After discovering the prison in January 2006, while exploring the neighborhood of Parque Patricios, where he'd recently moved from New York City, Wulsin spent four months navigating the bureaucracies of the national and city governments of Argentina and Buenos Aires, respectively, to gain authorization to enter the building and carry out the onsite work. The resolution authorizing the project was finally signed on Friday, June 16 (Bloomsday), 2006 by Minister of Public Works of the city of Buenos Aires, Juan Schiavi. The security tarp made by Wulsin to direct broken glass back inside the building was blue and white, and painted with the hot air balloon logo of the local Parque Patricios soccer team Huracan. The five weeks of onsite work were completed on Marcel Duchamp's birthday, July 28. But the project itself was ongoing through the entire demolition process of the building.
Gallery
See also
Caseros Prison
External links
'City government authorization for the project'
Buenos Aires City government description
'The Guards of the Mafia', Pagina 12
'Cement Hell', 30 Noticias
'The Cruel Ones and the Speculators', Osvaldo Bayer
'Persons deprived of their liberty', Center for Legal and Social Studies - PDF
'Light in the Darkness', Pagina 12
'Caseros, a memory of state horror', Pagina 12
'La maravilla artística de Buenos Aires - The artistic wonder of Buenos Aires', Blog Parque Patricios
'Ultimos días de las caras de Seth Wulsin - Last days of Seth Wulsin´s faces' Blog Parque Patricios
Fotolog
With a Hammer, Finding Ghosts In the Glass, New York Times (5 Aug. 2007)
Putting a human face on an Argentine prison's history, International Herald Tribune (7 Aug. 2007)
Skrackens Arkitektur
Defunct prisons in Argentina
Buildings and structures in Buenos Aires
2006 sculptures
Land art
Public art
Sculptures in Argentina
S100 calcium-binding protein B (S100B) is a protein of the S-100 protein family.
S100 proteins are localized in the cytoplasm and nucleus of a wide range of cells, and involved in the regulation of a number of cellular processes such as cell cycle progression and differentiation. S100 genes include at least 13 members which are located as a cluster on chromosome 1q21; however, this gene is located at 21q22.3.
Function
S100B is glial-specific and is expressed primarily by astrocytes, but not all astrocytes express S100B. It has been shown that S100B is only expressed by a subtype of mature astrocytes that ensheath blood vessels and by NG2-expressing cells.
This protein may function in neurite extension, proliferation of melanoma cells, stimulation of Ca2+ fluxes, inhibition of PKC-mediated phosphorylation, astrocytosis and axonal proliferation, and inhibition of microtubule assembly. In the developing CNS it acts as a neurotrophic factor and neuronal survival protein. In the adult organism it is usually elevated due to nervous system damage, which makes it a potential clinical marker.
Clinical significance
Chromosomal rearrangements and altered expression of this gene have been implicated in several neurological, neoplastic, and other types of diseases, including Alzheimer disease, Down syndrome, epilepsy, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, schwannoma, melanoma, and type I diabetes mellitus.
It has been suggested that the regulation of S100B by melittin has potential for the treatment of epilepsy.
Diagnostic use
S100B is secreted by astrocytes or can spill from injured cells and enter the extracellular space or bloodstream. Serum levels of S100B increase in patients during the acute phase of brain damage. Over the last decade, S100B has emerged as a candidate peripheral biomarker of blood–brain barrier (BBB) permeability and CNS injury. Elevated S100B levels accurately reflect the presence of neuropathological conditions including traumatic head injury or neurodegenerative diseases. Normal S100B levels reliably exclude major CNS pathology. Its potential clinical use in the therapeutic decision making process is substantiated by a vast body of literature validating variations in serum 100B levels with standard modalities for prognosticating the extent of CNS damage: alterations in neuroimaging, cerebrospinal pressure, and other brain molecular markers (neuron specific enolase and glial fibrillary acidic protein). However, more importantly, S100B levels have been reported to rise prior to any detectable changes in intracerebral pressure, neuroimaging, and neurological examination findings. Thus, the major advantage of using S100B is that elevations in serum or CSF levels provide a sensitive measure for determining CNS injury at the molecular level before gross changes develop, enabling timely delivery of crucial medical intervention before irreversible damage occurs. S100B serum levels are elevated before seizures suggesting that BBB leakage may be an early event in seizure development.
An extremely important application of serum S100B testing is in the selection of patients with minor head injury who do not need further neuroradiological evaluation, as studies comparing CT scans and S100B levels have demonstrated S100B values below 0.12 ng/mL are associated with low risk of obvious neuroradiological changes (such as intracranial hemorrhage or brain swelling) or significant clinical sequelae. The excellent negative predictive value of S100B in several neurological conditions is due to the fact that serum S100B levels reflect blood–brain barrier permeability changes even in absence of neuronal injury.
In addition, S100B, which is also present in human melanocytes, is a reliable marker for melanoma malignancy both in bioptic tissue and in serum.
Model organisms
Model organisms have been used in the study of S100B function. A conditional knockout mouse line, called S100btm1a(EUCOMM)Wtsi was generated as part of the International Knockout Mouse Consortium program — a high-throughput mutagenesis project to generate and distribute animal models of disease to interested scientists — at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute.
Male and female animals underwent a standardized phenotypic screen to determine the effects of deletion. Twenty three tests were carried out on mutant mice, but no significant abnormalities have yet been observed.
Interactions
S100B has been shown to interact with:
AHNAK,
IMPA1,
IQGAP1,
MAPT, and
P53,
PGM1,
S100A1,
S100A6,
S100A11,
VAV1.
References
Further reading
Molecular neuroscience
S100 proteins
Genes mutated in mice
Sorolopha liochlora is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Sumatra and Taiwan.
The anterior part of the forewings is bright moss green. A faint paler bluish-green band parts this green area with an area of pale grey. The hindwings are dark purplish fuscous, but the basal half is paler fuscous grey.
References
Moths described in 1914
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Roquinimex (Linomide) is a quinoline derivative immunostimulant which increases NK cell activity and macrophage cytotoxicity. It also inhibits angiogenesis and reduces the secretion of TNF alpha.
Roquinimex has been investigated as a treatment for some cancers (including as adjuvant therapy after bone marrow transplantation in acute leukemia) and autoimmune diseases, such as multiple sclerosis and recent-onset type I diabetes. Several trials have been terminated due to serious cardiovascular toxicity.
Synthesis
Ethyl 2-(methylamino)benzoate is condensed with ethyl malonate. Amine-ester interchange of that compound with N-methylaniline results in formation of the amide roquinimex.
References
Immunostimulants
2-Quinolones
Quinolinols
Carboxamides
Anilides
3-Hydroxypropenals
The Iranian Volleyball Super League (IVSL) is a professional volleyball league in Iran at the top of the Iranian volleyball league system. It was founded in 1975 as the Pasargard Cup, but after the Iranian Revolution it was renamed to the first Division. In 1997 the league system was revamped and the Iranian Super League was established. Paykan Tehran has won the most titles in the new Super League with 12 titles.
History
The first season of a national Iranian volleyball league was held in 1975 with 12 teams competing. In 1976 Esteghlal became the champions for the first time, and they repeated this feat in the following season. In 1979 due to the Iranian Revolution the league was canceled.
In 1989, the first Hazfi Cup for Iranian volleyball teams was held, in which Esteghlal became the first champions. During this period there was no national league and teams competed in the provincial and local leagues instead.
Shortly after the Hazfi Cup, in 1990 the national volleyball league of Iran was restarted by the Iranian Volleyball Federation with 10 teams competing and was called the Fajr Cup. In 2010 the format of the league was changed and 12 teams competed in the league, which was later increased to 14 shortly after and the name was also changed to the Iranian Volleyball Super League or the Iranian Volleyball Premier League.
Current teams
Azar Battery Urmia
Foolad Sirjan
Hoorsun Ramsar
Khatam Ardakan
Labanyat Haraz Amol
Paykan Tehran
Rahyab Melal Marivan
Saipa Tehran
Sepahan Isfahan
Shahdab Yazd
Shahrdari Gonbad
Shahrdari Qazvin
Shahrdari Urmia
Shahrdari Varamin
League champions
Pasargad Cup
First Division
Super League
Titles by club
Titles by city
Notable foreign players
See also
AVC Club Championships
References
External links
I.R. Iran Volleyball Federation
League champions
League
Iran
Volleyball
Professional sports leagues in Iran
Richard Queck (4 November 1888 – 20 December 1968) was a German footballer who played for Eintracht Braunschweig from 1907 to 1914. Richard Queck and his younger brother Rudolf Queck helped their club win the Northern German Championship in 1908 and 1913. Playing as left midfielder or winger he was known for his dribbling and goal scoring skills. He was the third player from Eintracht Braunschweig to be called to the German national team.
International career
Queck was also capped three times for the German national team – in 1909, 1910, and 1914, scoring two goals.
International goals
Scores and results table. Germany's goal tally first:
References
External links
1888 births
1968 deaths
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Association football forwards
Eintracht Braunschweig players
Čanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Чањ) is a small tourist settlement and town, located in the Bar Municipality in the southern Montenegrin littoral region.
In Čanj there is a complex of hotels and cottages. In the summer the town has many tourists staying in the local accommodations. Meanwhile, bars, restaurants and shops are also open throughout the warmer months. The settlement extends along the isolated coast for about 1200 metres. The town's main beach is called Biserna Obala (The Pearl Coast) and its popular with local residents and tourists.
The settlement is also situated on the Adriatic coast approximately halfway between the town of Petrovac (part of the Budva Municipality) and the city of Bar, very close to the main road that connects these two settlements.
References
Populated places in Bar Municipality
Daisy L. Hobman (née Adler; 17 November 1891 – 24 December 1961) was a feminist writer, biographer, social worker, and founding member of Brighton and Hove Humanist Group. She was the first person to gain an Oxford diploma in social studies.
Life
Daisy Lucie Hobman was born in London, but spent much of her life in Sussex. She attended St Hilda's College, Oxford, gaining a Diploma in Economics and Political Science. In 1926, she married journalist and Liberal politician Joseph Burton Hobman in a civil ceremony.
A correspondent later described the atmosphere of the household for The Times:For 30 years, both during the life of her husband... and after his death, the Hobman fireside was a place where an extraordinary variety of people warmed more than their hands and feet. Conversation sparkled, and whoever came round the door was drawn into the stream of talk, whether a literary lion, a diffident refugee, or the maid bringing coffee from the kitchen.The couple's son, David Burton Hobman (1927–2003), raised in this 'freethinking intellectual family', was an expert on the social and economic impacts of ageing, and a campaigner for the welfare of the elderly. Between 1970 and 1987 he was Director of the charity Age Concern, and was appointed CBE in 1973.
Daisy Hobman wrote biographies of Rahel Varnhagen, Olive Schreiner, and John Thurloe, as well as other works of fiction and non-fiction. Stevie Smith reviewed Go Spin, You Jade! for The Observer, describing it as 'a disturbing study, though in most temperate terms, of the lot of women through the ages and how at last they became emancipated.' Hobman's biography of Thurloe - Oliver Cromwell's Secretary of State - was described by The Times as having:real merit and charm, due mainly to the agreeable manner in which she rambles along commenting on anything in Thurloe's papers which engages her attention. Nothing was too large or too small to enter Thurloe's net, and Mrs. Hobman's capacity for selecting the best from his catch is unfailing.Hobman also assisted Vera Brittain in the preparation of her book The Women at Oxford; a fragment of a history, and translated German author Friedrich Griese's story Winter in 1929. This was described as a 'vivid word picture... of a German village, its folk, and the disasters, domestic and social, that befell the residents'.
Hobman, alongside H. J. Blackham and Denis Cobell, was an active part of the 'secular-humanist scene' during the 1950s, and a founding member of the Brighton and Hove Humanist Group. On her death, on 24 December 1961, she was lauded for her 'criticism and generosity,' which she was said to have 'wielded in a lifelong campaign for honesty and courage.'
Bibliography
One who loved: the story of Rahel Levin (1932)
The secret barrier (1938)
The welfare state (1953)
Olive Schreiner: her friends and times (1955)
Go spin, you jade!: studies in the emancipation of woman (1957)
Cromwell's master spy: a study of John Thurloe (1961)
References
External links
Works by Daisy Lucie Hobman at WorldCat
1891 births
1961 deaths
English feminist writers
English humanists
English women writers
English biographers
Ethical movement
English social workers
Alumni of St Hilda's College, Oxford
The 2014 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship Game was the final game of the 2014 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament and determined the national champion for the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The game was played on April 7, 2014, at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, between the East Regional Champions, seventh-seeded Connecticut, and the Midwest Regional Champions, eighth-seeded Kentucky.
Connecticut got out to a quick start, leading by 15 points in the first half. Kentucky fought back, narrowing the gap to 35–31 at halftime. In the second half, Kentucky got within one point on several occasions, but never took the lead. Connecticut pulled away in the final minute, winning the game, 60–54.
Overview
The 2014 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Game was played on April 7, 2014, at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. It featured the East Regional Champions, seventh-seeded Connecticut (UConn) against the Midwest Regional Champions, eighth-seeded Kentucky. Although Connecticut won the 2011 championship, and Kentucky the 2012 edition, neither team made the 2013 tournament. It was the first championship game since 1966 in which neither finalist was in the previous year's tournament (in 2013, Kentucky participated in the NIT, losing in the first round, while UConn was ineligible for 2013 postseason tournament play due to sanctions imposed on the program for previous years' APR violations). These two teams also met in the Final Four during Connecticut's previous national championship run in 2011, with the Huskies winning 56-55 before beating Butler in the final.
The 2014 National Championship Game featured the highest combined seeds in NCAA history, surpassing 2011's number 8 vs. number 3 match-up. It was the first ever to not feature a number 1, a number 2, or a number 3 seed. It is the third National Championship Game not to feature a number 1 or a number 2 seed, with the other two being the 1989 National Championship Game between number 3 Michigan and number 3 Seton Hall, in which Michigan won, 80–79, in overtime, and the 2011 National Championship Game between number 3 Connecticut and Butler in which Connecticut won, 53–41.
Kentucky was considered the pre-game favorite. The referees for the game were Joe DeRosa, Verne Harris, and Doug Shows; the alternate was Mike Roberts.
Participants
Kentucky
With seven McDonalds All-Americans on their roster, the Kentucky Wildcats were ranked first in the preseason AP poll. In non-conference play, they went 10–3, losing to Michigan State, Baylor, and North Carolina. In Southeastern Conference (SEC) play, they went 12–6 and fell out of the AP top 25. They lost the finals of the SEC tournament to Florida.
Kentucky entered the 2014 NCAA tournament as an at-large selection, and were given the number 8 seed in the Midwest Region. They opened the 2014 NCAA Tournament with a 56–49 victory over Kansas State. In the next round of the NCAA Tournament, Kentucky handed Wichita State their only loss of the season, beating them 78–76. In the Sweet 16, they knocked off their in-state rival and defending (vacated) national champion, Louisville, 74–69 to advance to the Elite 8. In the Elite Eight, Aaron Harrison made a three-pointer with the score tied at 72–72 with 2.3 seconds left to beat Michigan and advance to the 2014 Final Four after Nik Stauskas missed a half-court shot which would have sent the game to overtime. In the Final Four, Kentucky faced Wisconsin. With the game tied 71–71 with 16 seconds left, Andrew Harrison fouled Traevon Jackson in the act of shooting. Jackson made two out of three free throws to take a 73–71 lead. With 5.7 seconds left, Aaron Harrison made a three-pointer that put Kentucky up 74–73. Jackson missed a last-second shot and Kentucky advanced to the National Championship Game.
Kentucky was the third number 8 seed to participate in the National Championship Game. In 1985, Villanova beat number 1 Georgetown 66–64 in the National Championship Game. In 2011, Butler lost to number 3 Connecticut 53–41 in the National Championship Game. The Wildcats were the ninth team to appear in the title game despite being unranked in the final AP poll since the poll began in 1948.
Connecticut
The Connecticut Huskies were ranked number 18 in the preseason AP poll and did not have any McDonald's All-American selections on their roster. They started 9–0, rising to #10, but quickly dropped out of the top 25 when they got off to a slow start in the American Athletic Conference (AAC). They ended up 12–6 in conference play and lost to Louisville—who had defeated UConn by 33 points in the final regular season game for both teams—in the AAC tournament finals 71-61.
Connecticut entered the 2014 NCAA Tournament as an at-large selection and was given the number 7 seed in the East Region. In the second round of the tournament, Connecticut pulled away from St. Joseph's, beating them 89–81 in overtime. In the third round, Shabazz Napier scored 25 points to beat Villanova 77–65. In the Sweet 16, DeAndre Daniels scored 27 points leading UConn to an 81–76 win over Iowa State to advance to the East Regional Finals. In the Elite Eight, Napier's 25 points were enough to outlast Gary Harris's 22 points and beat Michigan State 60–54 to advance to the Final Four. In the Final Four, Connecticut faced Florida, whom they had beaten 65–64 on December 2, 2013, at Gampel Pavilion on a Napier buzzer-beating shot. Florida jumped out to an early 16–4 lead in the rematch, but UConn turned things around and upset number 1 Florida, 63–53, ending Florida's 30-game winning streak. DeAndre Daniels had 20 points and 10 rebounds, becoming only the fourth player to do so in a national semifinal win in the last 25 years. (Carmelo Anthony of Syracuse had 33 points and 10 rebounds in a 95–84 victory over Texas in the 2003 Final Four. Corliss Williamson did it twice for Arkansas, once in 1994 in a 91–82 win over Arizona, and once in 1995 with 21 points and 10 rebounds in a 75–68 win over North Carolina. Chris Webber of Michigan achieved the feat in 1993 in an 81–78 win over Kentucky.)
Connecticut was the first number 7 seed to reach the national title game. Their 33-point loss to Louisville at end of the regular season is the largest defeat ever suffered by an eventual National Champion.
Starting lineups
(number corresponds to draft round)
† = 2014 All-American
Game summary
Connecticut scored first, and got out to a quick start, in what USA Today described as "a physical, ugly game". Ryan Boatright and Shabazz Napier combined to score 12 points for an early 19–10 lead. Napier scored five more points as Connecticut jumped out to a 30–15 lead with six minutes to go in the half. Kentucky's James Young made a three pointer and then, Aaron Harrison followed up with the steal-and-dunk to cut the Connecticut lead to 30–20. The Wildcats switched to a zone on defense, which slowed down Connecticut's offensive attacks. Young and Harrison each made a three-pointer to cut the Connecticut lead to 33–26. Kentucky continued the comeback as Julius Randle and Marcus Lee each made baskets in the last minute of the first half to cut the Connecticut lead to 35–31 at the half.
Connecticut got off to a slow start in the second half, hitting just one of its first ten shots. In the early minutes, Kentucky cut the lead to one several times, but failed to take the lead. Connecticut built their lead to 48–39 with under 11 minutes to go. Then, with 10:40 to play, Young dribbled through three defenders and dunked the ball while being fouled in what was described as the best play of the game. The Wildcats scored the next six, again cutting the lead to one point. During that stretch Boatright turned his ankle on a routine pass but remained in the game. After Aaron Harrison missed an open three with 8:13 left, After a few possessions during which neither team scored, Napier hit a three-pointer at the 6:50 mark that appeared to end Kentucky's momentum. On Kentucky's subsequent possession Julius Randle drove to the basket for a layup to cut the lead back to two, and on the next play Huskies forward Niels Giffey responded with another three-point shot to put the Huskies back up by 5. At the 2:45 mark, DeAndre Daniels hit a short shot to put the Huskies up 58–52. With just under a minute to go and Kentucky down four, they elected not to foul. Near the end of the shot clock, Napier located an open Lasan Kromah who was then fouled as he attempted a short shot. After Kromah, who had the lowest free throw percentage of the Huskies on the court at 67% for the season, made both free throws, Aaron Harrison missed a three pointer and Connecticut dribbled out the clock for a 60–54 win. After the game, Kentucky coach John Calipari remarked, "We had our chances to win. We're missing shots, we're missing free throws."
The Huskies were only tied at 2-2 and 6-6 at the beginning of the game and never trailed en route to their fourth National Title. The school is now 4–0 in National Championship Games. The American Athletic Conference, in its first year of existence, claimed its first title. Connecticut became the lowest seed to win the tournament since Villanova beat Georgetown in 1985 as an 8 seed. Coach Kevin Ollie became the first coach to win the championship in his first tournament appearance since Steve Fisher did it in 1989. The second-year coach credited longtime UConn coach Jim Calhoun for the victory saying "Coach Calhoun, the greatest coach ever. He paved the way we just walked through it." Giffey, Napier, and Tyler Olander, who had been on UConn's 2011 championship team, became the first players in NCAA Division I men's basketball history to win national titles as freshmen and seniors.
Napier led Connecticut with 22 points, on 8 of 16 shooting, and 6 rebounds. He also had three assists. Ryan Boatright scored 14. Young was Kentucky's top scorer with 20. Randle had 10 points, 6 rebounds, and 4 assist. Napier was named the Most Outstanding Player of the Final Four for both his offense and defense (he held Aaron Harrison to 7 points). As a team Connecticut was 10 for 10 from the free throw line, while Kentucky was 13 of 24. Connecticut became the first team to make all their attempts in a title game, and finished the tournament with an 87.8% free throw rate. That surpassed St. John's 87.0% in 1969 for the best percentage in NCAA history.
The announced attendance for the game was 79,238, an NCAA record for a Tournament Final.
After UConn's win in the men's division, the following night their women's team beat Notre Dame for a sweep of both the men's and women's Division I basketball championships. UConn also accomplished this sweep in 2004, the only other time the feat was accomplished.
Media coverage
The Championship Game was broadcast in the United States by CBS. Jim Nantz was the play-by-play man with Greg Anthony and Steve Kerr providing on-court commentary. Greg Gumbel and Ernie Johnson Jr. were the studio hosts. Charles Barkley, Seth Davis, Grant Hill, Clark Kellogg, and Kenny Smith provided studio commentary. ESPN International owned the broadcast rights outside the United States. Dan Shulman was the play-by-play announcer for the international audience, with Dick Vitale providing commentary. The broadcast averaged 21.2 million viewers and peaked at 24.3 million viewers between 11 pm and 11:30 pm.
Radio coverage in the United States was provided by Westwood One. The Championship Game was streamed live for free on NCAA.com.
References
NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship Game
NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship Games
UConn Huskies men's basketball
Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball
Basketball in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
College sports in Texas
Sports competitions in Texas
Sports in Arlington, Texas
21st century in Arlington, Texas
NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship Game
The term Orthodoxy in Syria may refer to:
Eastern Orthodoxy in Syria, representing adherents, communities and institutions of various Eastern Orthodox Churches, in Syria
Oriental Orthodoxy in Syria, representing adherents, communities and institutions of various Oriental Orthodox Churches, in Syria
Islamic Orthodoxy in Syria, representing adherents, communities and institutions of Sunni Islam, in Syria
any other form of orthodoxy in Syria (political, ideological, social, economic, scientific, artistic)
See also
Orthodoxy (disambiguation)
Orthodox Church (disambiguation)
Syria (disambiguation)
In mathematics, computable measure theory is the part of computable analysis that deals with effective versions of measure theory.
References
Jeremy Avigad (2012), "Inverting the Furstenberg correspondence", Discrete and Continuous Dynamical Systems, Series A, 32, pp. 3421–3431.
Abbas Edalat (2009), "A computable approach to measure and integration theory", Information and Computation 207:5, pp. 642–659.
Stephen G. Simpson (2009), Subsystems of second order arithmetic, 2nd ed., Perspectives in Logic, Cambridge University Press.
Measure theory
Computable analysis
The 2009 Men's NORCECA Volleyball Championship was the 21st edition of the Men's Continental Volleyball Tournament, played from October 12 to October 17 at the Coliseo Rubén Rodríguez in Bayamón, Puerto Rico. The winner qualified for the 2009 FIVB Men's World Grand Champions Cup in Japan.
Teams
Squads
Preliminary round
Pool A
|}
|}
Pool B
|}
|}
Final round
Championship bracket
5th–8th places bracket
Quarterfinals
|}
5th–8th places
|}
Semifinals
|}
7th place
|}
5th place
|}
3rd place
|}
Final
|}
Final standing
Awards
MVP: Wilfredo León
Best Scorer: José Miguel Cáceres
Best Spiker: Wilfredo León
Best Blocker: Robertlandy Simón
Best Server: Evan Patak
Best Digger: Gregory Berrios
Best Setter: Raydel Hierrezuelo
Best Receiver: Gregory Berrios
Best Libero: Gregory Berrios
Rising Star: Wilfredo León
Jim Coleman Award: Orlando Samuels
External links
Fixtures and results
Men's NORCECA Volleyball Championship
NORCECA Men
NORCECA Men
Volleyball
Renovate My Family is a 2004 reality television series on Fox which reaches out to improve the lives of troubled families. While arguably it is very similar to ABC's Extreme Makeover: Home Edition, Renovate My Family focuses on both the family and the home. The show was short-lived, lasting only a season and ending production by the summer of 2005.
It begins with the families receiving the announcement, usually in an unexpected place where many people are present (and all are in on the surprise). The family is then rushed back to their home where they are given a small amount of time to pack their things and leave their house once they are chosen because a group of home designers will build a new house for them in its place. They have only one week to build the house. The family gets to take part in tearing the house down as well.
The families who are chosen for Renovate My Family usually have some sort of family issue. While the house is being built, the host takes the family to a special retreat for that week where the family not only gets to spend time together but also must confront the family issue(s) through special counseling. On the day before the house is due to be finished, the family is separated and taken to separate salons where each family member is given a makeover. They are then reunited back at their home just before the new house is to be unveiled.
The show is hosted by Jay McGraw, son of Dr. Phil McGraw. Other participants included ex-Playboy Playmates and identical triplets Nicole, Erica and Jaclyn Dahm. McGraw went on to marry Erica Dahm, who is featured as one of the construction experts on the show.
External links
Fox Broadcasting Company original programming
2000s American reality television series
2004 American television series debuts
2004 American television series endings
Melody of the year was an annual national TV contest in Bulgaria in 1968 – 1995.
The final annual competition was conducted in the dramatic "Konstantin Kisimov" theater in Veliko Tarnovo. The show was led by Inna Simeonova since the mid-1980's. The parent label were Balkanton.
History
The first competition for the best melody of Bulgaria was held in 1968. On 27 January 1967, the first contest Melody of the year 67 was held. The song "Byala tishina" (White Silence) from the pop group Shturtsite received the most points, won the contest and earned the title "Melody of the year". The next year, the competition became Melody of the Month. The winners from these competitions participated in Melody of the year.
Silver Yantra (Bulgarian: Сребърна Янтра Srebyrna Yantra) is one of the successors of Melody of the year.
Winners
1968 - Lili Ivanova – Bez moeto radio ne moga (I can't without my radio)
1969 - Margret Nikolova and Petar Petrov - "We Loved"
1970 - Lili Ivanova- "You're Sleeping"
1971 - Pasa Hristova - "White Song"
1972 - Annie Pavlova - "Our Dear Motherland"
1973 - Margarita Hranova - "Far Song"
1974 - Lili Ivanova - "Love"
1975 - Margarita Hranova - "The Dead Heroes"
1976 - Mimi Ivanova - "The sun is in my hair"
1977 - Lili Ivanova - "My old friend" and Margarita Hranova - "Song for October"
1978 - Bogdan Karadocheva - "Sama with the wind"
1979 - Diana Express and Vassil Naydenov - "Adaptation"
1980 - Diana Express - "Soul"
1981 - Tonika SV - "Friends"
1982 - Vasil Naydenov - "Phone Love"
1983 - FSB (band) - "We're Still Embracing"
1984 - Rositsa Kirilova - "Love forever"
1985 - Vasil Naydenov - "Goodbye, I said"
1986 - FSB (band) - "I love you here" and VG Trick - "Sixth sense"
1987 - Sylvia Katsarova - "Hot Rain"
1988 - Kristina Dimitrova and Orlin Goranov - "With Today"
1989 - Riton (Bulgarian duet) - "Where My Eyes Meen"
1991 - "Medicus" - "The Century of Love"
1992 - Georgi Hristov - "Do not Regret"
1995 - Veselin Marinov - "Bitter Wine"
References
Sources
Magazine "Nasha Rodina", Bulgaria - 1969,1970,1974,1987
Music plate Bulgarian television - Melody of the year (Българска телевизия - Мелодия на годината 1969)
Поля Иванова Първа програма (Канал 1) на БНТ през периода 1959-2000 г. Поля Иванова(First Program (Channel 1) of the Bulgarian National Television between 1959 and 2000. Polya Ivanova)
External links
Discogs
Critics about Melody of the year
Bulgarian National Television video
The sound of the time Veliko Tarnovo
Bulgarian television series
Music competitions in Bulgaria
Culture in Veliko Tarnovo
History of Veliko Tarnovo
Jim Reynolds (born January 10, 1938) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Toronto Argonauts, Ottawa Rough Riders, and Montreal Alouettes. He won the Grey Cup with the Tiger-Cats in 1965. He played college football at Hillsdale College in Michigan.
References
1938 births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
Hillsdale College alumni
Toronto Argonauts players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Montreal Alouettes players
People from Poland, Ohio
HEP or hep may refer to:
Science and medicine
Hepatitis, a medical condition of the liver
Hepatoerythropoietic porphyria, a blood disease
High-energy physics
Homotopy extension property, a property in algebraic topology
Humane endpoint, predetermined stopping point in animal welfare practices to minimize animal distress and suffering
Home exercise program
Technology
Head-end power, a method for providing electricity to train carriages
Heterogeneous Element Processor, the first commercial MIMD computer
High-efficiency plasma, a type of lamp
High-explosive plastic, a general-purpose ammunition
Hotel electric power. electricity generated and used aboard a ship for general purposes
Hydroelectric power, producing electrical energy through the use of moving water
Organisations
Hep Records, a jazz record label in Scotland
Hrvatska elektroprivreda, a Croatian power company
People's Labor Party, pro-Kurdish political party in Turkey
Other
HEP (shopping mall)
Healthy eating pyramid
Housing equity partnership
Hep, a synonym for hip
HEP (Latin: Hierosolyma est perdita or Jerusalem is lost); see cheering
Human Exemptionalism Paradigm, a concept in environmental sociology
See also
Hep-Hep riots, a series of antisemitic riots in Germany and neighbouring countries in 1819
Hepp, a surname
Football tennis, also known as futnet (in Czech and Slovak nohejbal and Soccer Tennis USA), is a sport played with a football. The sport is played indoors or outdoors on a court divided by a low net with two opposing teams made up of one, two or three players, who try to score a point by hitting the ball with any part of their body except for the hands and making it bounce in the opponent's area in a way that makes it difficult or impossible for the other team to return it over the net.
History
In 1922, the members of the football club Slavia Prague started playing a game which they called 'football over the rope', because it was initially played over a horizontally suspended rope, which was later replaced by a net. Usually, two or three players on each side could touch the ball three times (though a single player could not touch the ball twice consecutively) with all parts of the body except for the arms. Players could let the ball bounce once between the touches up to three times before passing it to the other side.
In 1940, the first official rules were written. The first futnet cup was played in 1940, and between 1953 and 1961, the first league, called Trampská Liga, was played. In 1961, futnet was recognized as an official sport by Czechoslovak Sports Organisation (ČSTV), and the Prague Futnet Commission was established. In 1971, the "Český nohejbalový svaz" (Czech Futnet Association) was founded, followed in 1974 by the "Výbor nohejbalového zväzu SÚV ČSTV" (Slovak Futnet Association).
Official international competitions have been organized for decades. European championships have been held since 1991 and world championships since 1994.
Rules
There are three futnet disciplines:
Single: one player, two touches, one bounce in all categories, court dimensions 9 m × 12.8 m.
Double: two players, three touches (but not two consecutive touches by the same player), one bounce allowed for men and two bounces for women and juniors, court dimensions 9 m × 12.8 m.
Triple: three players, three touches (but not two consecutive touches by the same player), one bounce allowed for men and two for women and juniors, court dimensions 9 m × 18 m.
In all the disciplines, a set finishes once a side gains 11 points with a two-point difference between the sides; the maximum score is 15:14. To win a match, a team has to win 2 sets. The height of the net is 1.10 m. The players may not touch the net during the game; otherwise, it is a point for the opponent. The futnet ball is similar to a football in size, but is glued, made of 32 panels of synthetic (natural) leather, and when properly inflated should bounce more than half a meter.
If the ball hits the net and comes back to the side of the team that attempted to hit it over, it cannot be hit back, unlike in volleyball.
International associations
In 1987, the International Footballtennis Association (IFTA, later renamed to FIFTA, the Federation International de Footballtennis Association) was founded. In 2010, Union Internationale de Futnet (UNIF) was founded by some former FIFTA members, later joined by other nations, to govern, regulate and promote the sport of futnet. In December 2012, UNIF had 17 member countries.
In April 2010 European Futnet Association (EFTA) was founded in Marseille, France, to reactivate the sport in Europe where it had been stagnating under FIFTA. Current EFTA members include Switzerland, France, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Romania, Ireland, Basque Country, Denmark, England, Poland, Ukraine and Austria. EFTA is the continental association of UNIF in Europe.
International name
While the term football tennis is still commonly used, the word futnet is being used more as the new international name to reflect the independent nature of this sport which has around 100 years of history and which has its own rules and regulations, governing structures and regular competitions.
World Championships
1st World Championship 1994, Košice, Slovakia
Single 1. Hungary 2. Slovakia 3. Romania
Double 1. Czech Republic 2. Slovakia 3. Romania
Triple 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Romania
2nd World Championship 1996, Maceio, Brazil
Single 1. Romania 2. Slovakia 3. Czech Republic
Double 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Romania
Triple 1. Czech Republic 2. Slovakia 3. Romania
3rd World Championship 1998, Szolnok, Hungary
Single 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Romania
Double 1. Czech Republic 2. Slovakia 3. Romania
Triple 1. Czech Republic 2. Slovakia 3. Romania
4th World Championship 2000, Prostejov, Czech Republic
Single 1. Czech Republic 2. Slovakia 3. Romania
Double 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Romania
Triple 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Romania
5th World Championship 2002, Szombathely, Hungary
Single 1. Czech Republic 2. Slovakia 3. Romania
Double 1. Czech Republic B 2. Slovakia 3. Romania
Triple 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Romania
6th World Championship 2004, Prostejov, Czech Republic
Single 1. Slovakia "A" 2. Czech Republic "A" 3. Slovakia "B"
Double 1. Czech Republic 2. Slovakia 3. Romania
Triple 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Romania
7th World Championship 2006, Oradea, Romania
Single 1. Romania 2. Czech Republic 3. Slovakia
Double 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Romania
Cross-Double 1. Czech Republic 2. Romania 3. Slovakia
Triple 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Romania
8th World Championship 2008, Nymburk, Czech Republic
Single 1. Romania 2. France 3. Czech Republic
Double 1. Czech Republic 2. Romania 3. Slovakia
Cross Double 1. Czech Republic 2. Slovakia 3. Romania
Triple 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Hungary
9th World Championship 2010, Istanbul, Turkey (some stronger countries such as Slovakia, Czech Republic, France and Switzerland did not participate)
Single 1. Romania 2. Hungary 3. Croatia
Double 1. Romania 2. Hungary 3. Croatia
Triple 1. Hungary 2. Romania 3. Croatia
10th World Championship 2012, Nymburk, Czech Republic
Single 1. Slovakia 2. Hungary 3. Czech Republic
Double 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Hungary
Triple 1. Slovakia 2. Czech Republic 3. Hungary
11th World Championship 2014, North Nicosia, Northern Cyprus
Single Man 1. Romania 2. France 3. Hungary
Single Woman 1. Romania 2. Northern Cyprus 3. Turkey
See also
Sepak takraw
Padbol
Jokgu
References
External links
http://kickit.net/
http://unifut.net/
http://www.futnet.eu/efta/
http://www.futnetworldcup.com/
https://web.archive.org/web/20130822100332/http://fifta.org/portal/
http://nohejbal.org/
http://www.tennisfoot.be/
https://www.teniscupiciorul.eu/
樂歷新興運動體育會 足網球介紹
香港足網球總會
Ball games
Sport in the Czech Republic
Sport in Slovakia
Association football variants
Forms of tennis
Street football games
Hybrid sports
Articles containing video clips
Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 200.
References
Zalesie
Gajówka Wschodnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The Coronation of the Virgin is a subject in Christian art.
Coronation of the Virgin may also refer to:
Coronation of the Virgin (Beccafumi)
Coronation of the Virgin (El Greco, Illescas)
Coronation of the Virgin (Filippo Lippi), Uffizi
Coronation of the Virgin (Fra Angelico, Louvre)
Coronation of the Virgin (Fra Angelico, Uffizi)
Coronation of the Virgin (Gentile da Fabriano)
Coronation of the Virgin (Lorenzo Monaco)
The Coronation of the Virgin by Enguerrand Quarton
Coronation of the Virgin (Rubens)
Coronation of the Virgin (Velázquez)
Coronation of the Virgin Altarpiece by Moretto da Brescia
Marsuppini Coronation by Filippo Lippi, Vatican Museums
Oddi Altarpiece (Raphael)
Martin L. Puryear (born May 23, 1941) is an American artist known for his devotion to traditional craft. Working in wood and bronze, among other media, his reductive technique and meditative approach challenge the physical and poetic boundaries of his materials. The artist's Martin Puryear: Liberty/Libertà exhibition represented the United States at the 2019 Venice Biennale.
Life
Born in 1941 in Washington, D.C., Martin Puryear began exploring traditional craft methods in his youth, making tools, boats, musical instruments, and furniture. After receiving a BA in Fine Art from the Catholic University of America in 1963, Puryear spent two years as a Peace Corps volunteer in Sierra Leone where he learned local woodworking techniques. From 1966–1968, he studied at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts in Stockholm, returning to the United States afterward to enroll in the graduate program for sculpture at Yale University. Although he discovered Minimalism at a formative period in his development, Puryear would ultimately reject its impersonality and formalism.
After earning his MFA from Yale, Puryear began teaching at Fisk University in Nashville and University of Maryland in College Park. In 1977, following a devastating fire in his Brooklyn studio, Puryear had a solo show at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington. Shortly after he moved to Chicago.
In both 1979 and 1981, and again in 1989, his work was included in the Whitney Biennial at the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City. He travelled to Japan in 1982 through a Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellowship where he investigated architecture and garden design. In 1989, he was awarded the MacArthur Foundation Fellowship. He received the Gold Medal in Sculpture by the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 2007, and was recently awarded the National Medal of Arts.
Puryear has lived in New York's Hudson Valley since 1990 where he works in a studio of his own construction. An African-American, he does not speak frequently about his identity but has expressed appreciation for the life of James Beckwourth.
Artwork (selection)
The artwork of Martin Puryear is a product of visibly complex craft construction and manipulation of pure material; its forms are combinations of the organic and the geometric. His process can be described as reductive, seeking to bring work and material close to its original state and creating rationality in each work derived from the maker and act of making. This is what Puryear calls "inevitability", or a "fullness of being within limits" that defines function.
Often associated with both Minimalism and Formalist sculpture, Puryear rejects that his work is ever non-referential or objective. The pure and direct imagistic forms born from his use of traditional craft are allusive and poetic, as well as deeply personal. Visually, they encounter the history of objects and the history of their making, suggesting public and private narratives including those of the artist, race, ritual, and identity.
His work is widely exhibited and collected both in the United States and internationally. Included amongst Puryear's public works is his large-scale composition Ark (1988) which was designed for York College and can be viewed presently on the school's campus in Queens, New York. Puryear has also created several permanent outdoor works, such as Bodark Arc (1982) and Pavilion in the Trees (1993), and collaborated with landscape architects on the design of public spaces. A 30-year survey, organized by the Museum of Modern Art, New York and which traveled to the National Gallery of Art, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, and the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth, included installations of some of the artist's largest works, notably the dramatically foreshortened 36-foot Ladder for Booker T. Washington (1996) made from a single, split sapling ash tree.
Bask, 1976
Bask rests low on the floor in black, made of staved pine wood tapered at each end and swelling gently at the center. The subtle curvature of the work is achieved through the use of a ship making technique called strip planking once used to build the hulls of ships. Geometric in its construction of lines and arcs, it demonstrates well the influence of Minimalism in the early work of Martin Puryear.
Ark, 1988
Martin Puryear's 36 foot tall and 70 foot long copper tubing installation, Ark, was constructed in 1987 and installed on the campus of York College in 1988 where it can be viewed to this day. Ark was commissioned by the college as a result of New York City's Percent for Art law. York approached Puryear in 1981 and his proposal for Ark was submitted in 1985. The armature made of copper tubing consists of looping and intertwined oval and circular shapes, swelling slightly at the center and sagging at the bottom, evoking the skeletal framework of a ship's hull.
Puryear designed Ark specifically for the location in which it hangs, suspended from rafters by cables in the Academic Core Building. The piece was mounted in the space between the glass walls of the library and the second and third floor balconies. The installation floats unobtrusively in the soft, natural light that filters through the Academic Core Mall and reflects imagery consistent with recurring motifs of Puryear's work such as ships and embryonic forms which are visible in pieces such as, Bask (1976) in which both the shape and construction of ships is referenced by the piece's form and the technique used to build it.
The Load, 2012
Lacking any means of conveyance, the full-size two-wheeled cart in The Load sits poised as if ready to move at a moment's notice, with its twelve-foot harness pole parallel to the ground resting on a center prop. Mounted atop the axle of the cart is a gridded wooden box that encages a white sphere fitted with a glass aperture. The glass aperture faces the rear of the cart, an accessible portal through which a viewer can glimpse the complex interior structure of the wooden sphere.
The cart is an immediately recognizable object, although from no particular time or place in history. Two-wheeled carts have been in use since the second millennium BCE, and are common in cultures worldwide, making it both culturally and temporally ambiguous. In futuristic white, the sphere juxtaposes the aged wood of the cart.
The Load revisits the wheel as an object with functional and symbolic meanings in the work of Puryear, who often deals with escapism, flight, and mobility.
Slavery Memorial, 2014
References
External links
Roberta Smith's article in the NYT, Nov. 2, 2007
Martin Puryear at Matthew Marks Gallery, New York.
David Levi-Strauss interview with Martin Puryear from Brooklyn Rail, November 2007
Puryear's Guggenheim Museum Biography
Martin Puryear at McKee Gallery Martin Puryear at McKee Gallery, New York
Martin Puryear retrospective at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, 2008–2009
1941 births
Living people
Yale School of Art alumni
Catholic University of America alumni
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American male artists
21st-century American sculptors
21st-century American male artists
American male sculptors
Members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters
Postmodern artists
MacArthur Fellows
Peace Corps volunteers
Artists from Washington, D.C.
United States National Medal of Arts recipients
20th-century American printmakers
African-American contemporary artists
American contemporary artists
African-American sculptors
African-American printmakers
20th-century African-American artists
21st-century African-American artists
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Sadowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łomianki, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References
Sadowa
Cambodia participated at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 6 October to 18 October 2018.
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games per sport/discipline.
Badminton
Cambodia was given a quota to compete by the tripartite committee.
Singles
Team
Swimming
Wrestling
Key:
– Victory by Fall
– Without any points scored by the opponent
– With point(s) scored by the opponent
– Without any points scored by the opponent
– With point(s) scored by the opponent
References
2018 in Cambodian sport
Nations at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Cambodia at the Youth Olympics
Imre Fekete (born 11 October 1906, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian athlete. He competed in the men's long jump and the men's triple jump at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
References
1906 births
Year of death missing
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male long jumpers
Hungarian male triple jumpers
Olympic athletes of Hungary
Place of birth missing
Yolağzı is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 27 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Trioceros serratus is a species of chameleon found in Cameroon.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1922
Taxa named by Robert Mertens
Reptiles of Cameroon
Louis Munteanu (born 16 June 2002) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga I club Farul Constanța, on loan from Fiorentina.
Personal life
On 16 October 2020 he tested positive for COVID-19.
Career Statistics
Club
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Vaslui
Romanian footballers
Romania youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Liga I players
FC Viitorul Constanța players
ACF Fiorentina players
FCV Farul Constanța players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Statistics of Swedish football Division 3 for the 1966 season.
League standings
Norra Norrland, Övre 1966
Norra Norrland, Nedre 1966
Södra Norrland, Övre 1966
Södra Norrland, Nedre 1966
Norra Svealand 1966
Östra Svealand 1966
Västra Svealand 1966
Nordöstra Götaland 1966
Nordvästra Götaland 1966
Mellersta Götaland 1966
Sydöstra Götaland 1966
Sydvästra Götaland 1966
Skåne 1966
Footnotes
References
Swedish Football Division 3 seasons
3
Swed
Swed
What Belongs to Darkness () is a 1922 German silent drama film directed by Martin Hartwig and starring Karl Etlinger, Erra Bognar, and Fritz Kortner.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Alfred Columbus.
Cast
References
Bibliography
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
1922 drama films
German drama films
Films directed by Martin Hartwig
Silent drama films
Holidaymaker is a seasonal publication produced by Cambrian News, for publicising tourism attractions and activities in parts of Wales.
A full colour print, it lists attractions, activities and ideas of what to do and where to go. Produced in three regional editions covering: Ceredigion & Mid-Wales; Gwynedd; and Pembrokeshire; it is printed in three editions in spring, Easter and summer.
Since 2009, Holidaymaker can be viewed for free as an online publication.
References
External links
Holidaymaker Website
My Peru Guide Website
Free magazines
Magazines with year of establishment missing
Magazines with year of disestablishment missing
Online magazines published in the United Kingdom
Online magazines with defunct print editions
Tourism in Wales
Magazines published in Wales
Tourism magazines
S12, SB12, SM12 are disability swimming classifications used for categorising swimmers based on their level of disability.
History
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address "the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate, reliable, consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation."
For the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, the International Paralympic Committee had a zero classification at the Games policy. This policy was put into place in 2014, with the goal of avoiding last minute changes in classes that would negatively impact athlete training preparations. All competitors needed to be internationally classified with their classification status confirmed prior to the Games, with exceptions to this policy being dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
Sport
This classification is for swimming. In the classification title, S represents Freestyle, Backstroke and Butterfly strokes. SB means breaststroke. SM means individual medley. Jane Buckley, writing for the Sporting Wheelies, describes the swimmers in this classification as follows: "These swimmers can recognise the shape of a hand and have some ability to see.
There is a large range of vision ability within this class."
Getting classified
Internationally, the classification is done by the International Blind Sports Association. In Australia, to be classified in this category, athletes contact the Australian Paralympic Committee or their state swimming governing body. In the United States, classification is handled by the United States Paralympic Committee on a national level. The classification test has three components: "a bench test, a water test, observation during competition." American swimmers are assessed by four people: a medical classifier, two general classifiers and a technical classifier.
Competitions
For this classification, organisers of the Paralympic Games have the option of including the following events on the Paralympic programme: 50m, 100m and 400m Freestyle, 100m Backstroke, 100m Breaststroke, 100m Butterfly, 200m Individual Medley, and Freestyle Relay and Medley Relay.
Competitors
Swimmers who have competed in this classification include Anna Efimenko, Deborah Font and Ana Garcia-Arcicollar who all won medals in their class at the 2008 Paralympics.
American swimmers who have been classified by the United States Paralympic Committee as being in these class include Katie Robinson, Alexandra Stafford and Carly Stevason.
Records
In the S12 50 m Freestyle Long Course, the men's world record is held by Ukraine's Maksym Veraksa and the women's world record is held by Russia's Oxana Savchenko. In the S12 100 m Freestyle Long Course, the men's world record is held by Ukraine's Maksym Veraksa and the women's world record is held by Russia's Oxana Savchenko.
See also
Para-swimming classification
Swimming at the Summer Paralympics
References
Swimming at the Summer Paralympics
Parasports classifications
José Antonio de Segovia Botella (born 23 October 1982 in Las Navas del Marqués) is a Spanish former road racing cyclist.
Major results
2009
1st Overall Vuelta a Extremadura
1st Stage 1
8th Overall Vuelta a la Comunidad de Madrid
2013
6th Overall Vuelta Ciclista a León
1st Stage 2
2015
8th Clássica Loulé
2016
9th Overall Troféu Joaquim Agostinho
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
Sportspeople from the Province of Ávila
Cyclists from Castile and León
Witanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 153.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
The L&YR Class 3 was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway introduced in 1891 with forty being built. George Hughes rebuilt six locomotives with superheaters between 1908 and 1909, they were later designated L&YR Class 4. All passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway at the grouping in 1923 but were withdrawn by 1930.
Design
Origins
The design originated with a William Barton Wright's 4-4-0 of 1880 with driving wheels of and boiler pressure of . Aspinall then produced a modified version with 6ft wheels which was the basis for the class 3.
Class 3
John Aspinall succeeded Barton Wright in 1886. He initially orders more locomotives of Barton's Wright's design. but determined a driving wheels of and boiler pressure increased to should give increased speed for the same tractive effort.
Class 4
Six locomotives were rebuilt with superheaters by George Hughes between 1908 and 1909. They became L&YR Class 4 in the Hughes classification scheme introduced in 1919. All six passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway at the grouping in 1923.
There were two different versions of the rebuild. One had 19" bore cylinders and Joy valve gear. The other had 20" bore cylinders and Walschaerts valve gear.
Numbering
The L&YR numbered them 1093-1229 and then randomly, using numbers between 318 and 498. The LMS numbered its 34 Class 3 locomotives 10150-10183. The six which had been rebuilt to Class 4 were numbered in a separate series, LMS 10190-10195.
Class 4 numbering
Withdrawal
Withdrawals began in 1925 and the Class 4 superheated locomotives were all withdrawn by 1926. The last members of the type were withdrawn in 1930. None have been preserved.
References
Bibliography
4-4-0 locomotives
03
Railway locomotives introduced in 1891
Standard gauge steam locomotives of Great Britain
Scrapped locomotives
Skin Traffik is a 2015 British-American action film featuring Mickey Rourke, Daryl Hannah, Eric Roberts, Michael Madsen, Jeff Fahey, Gary Daniels, Ara Paiaya, Dominique Swain, and Alan Ford.
Plot
When a jaded former hitman encounters a savage pimp and a desperate woman under his control, he embarks on a quest to save a young girl from the clutches of the brutal gangsters who trade human beings as currency.
Cast
Gary Daniels as Bradley
Mickey Rourke as Vogel
Eric Roberts as The Executive
Daryl Hannah as Zhanna
Michael Madsen as The Boss
Ara Paiaya as "X"
Dominique Swain as Anna Peel
Alan Ford as Paul Hamilton
Jeff Fahey as Jacob Andries
Production
The film was shot in Los Angeles, Vancouver, London, Amsterdam, Scotland.
References
External links
American action films
British action films
Films about human trafficking
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films shot in California
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
2010s British films
Zenepići is a village in the municipality of Novi Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 98, all Croats.
References
Populated places in Novi Travnik
Alfonsas Žalys (October 5, 1929 – December 12, 2006) was a Lithuanian politician. In 1990 he was among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
References
1929 births
2006 deaths
Lithuanian politicians
Recipients of the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas
Acrocercops argocosma is a moth of the family Gracillariidae, known from Ecuador. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1915.
References
argocosma
Moths of South America
Moths described in 1915
Radical compassion is a term coined by the philosopher Khen Lampert, in 2003. His theory of radical compassion appeared in Traditions of Compassion: from Religious Duty to Social-Activism (2006). Lampert identifies compassion as a special case of empathy, directed towards the "other's" distress. Radical compassion is a specific type of general compassion, which includes the inner imperative to change reality in order to alleviate the pain of others. This state of mind, according to Lampert's theory, is universal, and stands at the root of the historical cry for social change.
"I have noted that compassion, especially in its radical form, manifests itself as an impulse. This manifestation stands in stark opposition to the underlying premises of the Darwinist theories, which regard the survival instinct as determining human behavior, as well to the Freudian logic of the Pleasure Principle, which refutes any supposedly natural tendency on the part of human beings to act against their own interests and proposes viewing such an inclination as the product of cultural conditioning..."
Notes
Emotion
Interpersonal relationships
Social philosophy
it:Compassione radicale
Venice, from the Porch of Madonna della Salute is a 19th century oil painting by J. M. W. Turner. Done in oil on canvas, the painting depicts an imagined image of Venice, as the view shown is not realistic. The painting was inspired by one of Turner's three visits to Venice, and showcases Turner's skill as a maritime artist. The work is in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
References
1835 paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Cityscape paintings of Venice
Paintings by J. M. W. Turner
Maritime paintings
Euarestopsis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Species
Euarestopsis paupera Hering, 1937
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
Diptera of South America
The Rhineland-Palatinate General Directorate for Cultural Heritage ( or Generaldirektion Kulturelles Erbe RLP) is a state agency responsible for monument protection and preservation in the Rhineland-Palatinate. In addition to the Directorate of Castles, Palaces and Antiquities, its responsibilities include the three state museums in Koblenz, Mainz and Trier as well as the State Monument Preservation and State Archaeology Directorates as monument authorities.
In 2021, Markus Poschmann of the State Archaeology Directorate at Koblenz, who is an expert in prehistoric sea scorpions of the eurypterid order, co-authored a study with Andrew Rozenfeldz of Queensland Museum in Australia, describing a possible second species in the Woodwardopterus genus. Named Woodwardopterus freemanorum, the specimen gained extra significance when it was found to be the last known fossil of eurypterid in the world, having lived not long before the end of Permian extinction event, in which around 96 per cent of species went extinct.
References
Archaeological organizations
Culture of Rhineland-Palatinate
Heritage registers in Germany
Historic preservation in Germany
Organisations based in Mainz
The Abercrombie class of monitors served in the Royal Navy during the First World War.
History
The four ships in this class came about when the contracted supplier of the main armament for the Greek battleship being built in Germany was unable to supply due to the British blockade. The company – Bethlehem Steel in the United States – instead offered to sell the four twin gun turrets to the Royal Navy on 3 November 1914. The Royal Navy was using obsolete pre-dreadnought battleships for shore bombardment in support of the army in Belgium, and a design for a shallow-draught warship (known as "Monitors") suitable for shore-bombardment was quickly designed and built to use these turrets. The ships were laid down and launched within six months.
The ships carried a single main gun turret forward of a tripod mast, which was itself in front of a single funnel. A secondary armament of two 12-pounder (76 mm) guns was fitted, with a single 3-pounder (47 mm) anti-aircraft gun and a 2-pounder pom-pom completed the ships armament.
The monitors had a box-like hull, with very bluff bow and stern, and were fitted with anti-torpedo bulges. In order to speed construction, it was intended to use off-the shelf merchant ship engines, giving about , which were expected to drive the ships to . The rushed design, however, meant that the ships were much slower than expected — Raglans engines gave but the ship could only reach .
During the planning and build, they were to be the Styx-class named after four American figures; General Ulysses S. Grant, General Robert E. Lee, Admiral David Farragut and General Stonewall Jackson and they were launched under these names. Because the United States was still a neutral power at that time, using these names would have been undiplomatic and so they were renamed as simply M1 through M4 before completion, then receiving their final names.
The design included a seaplane for spotting the guns, but it was found that land-based aircraft were more effective; as monitors, they would never operate in the open sea, and storing the seaplane on top of the turret meant it had to be removed to avoid damage, even if not required before the guns could fire.
Ships
References
Bibliography
Vol. 1 • Vol. 2
Dittmar, F. J. & Colledge, J. J., "British Warships 1914-1919", (Ian Allan, London, 1972),
Gray, Randal (ed), "Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships, 1906–1921", (Conway Maritime Press, London, 1985),
Monitor classes
Clinamen (; plural clinamina, derived from clīnāre, to incline) is the Latin name Lucretius gave to the unpredictable swerve of atoms, in order to defend the atomistic doctrine of Epicurus. In modern English it has come more generally to mean an inclination or a bias.
Epicureanism
According to Lucretius, the unpredictable swerve occurs "at no fixed place or time":
When atoms move straight down through the void by their own weight, they deflect a bit in space at a quite uncertain time and in uncertain places, just enough that you could say that their motion has changed. But if they were not in the habit of swerving, they would all fall straight down through the depths of the void, like drops of rain, and no collision would occur, nor would any blow be produced among the atoms. In that case, nature would never have produced anything.
This swerving, according to Lucretius, provides the "free will which living things throughout the world have". Lucretius never gives the primary cause of the deflections.
Modern usage
In modern English clinamen is defined as an inclination or a bias. It implies that one is inclined or biased towards introducing a plausible but unprovable clinamen when a specific mechanism cannot be found to refute a credible argument against one's hypothesis or theory. The OED gives its first recorded use in English by Jonathan Swift in his 1704 Tale of a Tub ix.166, satirizing the atomistic theory of Epicurus:
Epicurus modestly hoped that one time or other, a certain fortuitous concourse of all men's opinions—after perpetual justlings, the sharp with the smooth, the light and the heavy, the round and the square—would, by certain clinamina, unite in the notions of atoms and void, as these did in the originals of all things.
The term was taken up by Harold Bloom to describe the inclinations of writers to "swerve" from the influence of their predecessors; it is the first of his "Ratios of Revision" as described in The Anxiety of Influence.
In Difference and Repetition, Gilles Deleuze employs the term in his description of "multiplicities". In addition, other French writers such as Simone de Beauvoir, Jacques Lacan, Jacques Derrida, Jean-Luc Nancy, Alain Badiou, Louis Althusser, and Michel Serres have made extensive use of the word 'clinamen' in their writings, albeit with very different meanings.
Lucretius' concept is central to the book The Swerve: How the World Became Modern, written by Stephen Greenblatt.
"Clinamen" is defined by Alfred Jarry in Chapter 33 of his Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll, Pataphysician. The notion later figured in the imaginary science of the Jarry-inspired College of Pataphysics, notably in the pataphysical calendar and the experimental literature of OuLiPo. The clinamen figures as a motif in the artistic practice of Rodney Graham – who has said it informs his work in general.
Clinamen is also a term used in systems theory applied to biology.
See also
Brownian motion – The random motion of particles suspended in a fluid
Hylozoism – A philosophical point of view that holds that matter is in some sense alive
Molecular chaos
Panpsychism
Quantum foam
Shot noise
References
External links
Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy, Lucretius.
Epicureanism
Concepts in metaphysics
Atomism
Mira River Provincial Park is a provincial park situated on the Mira River in Cape Breton County, from Sydney and kilometres from the Fortress of Louisbourg National Historic Site of Canada. Opened in 1967, the property offers camping sites and a range opportunity for outdoor recreation including picnicking, swimming, canoeing, kayaking, biking, front-country hiking, walking, boat ramp, fishing, cross-country skiing, snowshoeing, and geocaching. Lands were initially acquired for the park in 1962, with major acquisitions occurring in 1968 and 1973. The property was designated under the Provincial Parks Act by Order in Council (OIC 84-679) on 12 June 1984.
In an area of almost exclusively private properties, this park provides one of the few public access points to the Mira River.
Geology
The Mira River Valley is a dominant topographical feature of southeastern Cape Breton Island, extending from Framboise Cove northwards to about Marion Bridge and then sweeping eastwards to exit at Mira Bay. The river lies between 320 million year old Carboniferous formations to the north and 500 million year old Cambrian and Precambrian formations to the south. The highly eroded bedrock is covered by a thick layer of glacial till, sands and gravels deposited during the retreat of the last ice age some 15,000 years ago.
Lying in a long narrow valley, possibly along an old fault line, the lower reaches of the river have been dammed by glacial gravels to form a long lake. Along the lower two-thirds of the river, these glacial deposits also formed numerous peninsulas such as the one Mira River Provincial Park occupies. About three kilometres from the mouth of the Mira, the river narrows and cuts a valley through bedrock to reach the Atlantic Ocean. Here the valley is less than wide, with banks 20 metres (65 feet) high.
The carboniferous bedrock to the north of the Mira includes numerous coal seams - evidence of the area's environment 300 million years ago. At that time shallow lakes, bays, swamps and coastal flood plains covered much of the region. Abundant fossils can be found in this coal. These coal seams supported the region's long history of coal mining. South of the Mira, fossils are also imbedded in the Cambrian sandstones and shales.
Marine environment
The Mira River has a drainage area of approximately , with the Gaspereau, Salmon and Trout rivers, along with Black Brook, as its main tributaries. Along the southern part of its course, glacial deposits have interrupted the flow to form a chain of small lakes which are all less than 15 metres above sea level. Tidal waters move back and forth in the eastern portion of the river, although the influx of salt water any distance beyond the river mouth is limited.
The waters of the Mira River support a variety of fish species including sea trout, shad, perch, American eels, striped bass, mackerel, herring, brook trout, speckled trout, minnows and smelts. Consequently, the river is popular for fishing.
Flora
The forest cover of Mira River Provincial Park consists generally of tolerant hardwoods, predominantly sugar maple, on the westernmost portion near Joes Point, with a larger portion of mixed woods through the central portion and softwood stands along the western shoreline, around the maintenance yard and immediately south of the northernmost walk-in campsites. Large areas of non-forested areas are associated with the campground. A six hectare wetland is located along the northernmost shoreline. Portions of the park remain relatively undisturbed and in a region with a long history of human development provide an opportunity to explore and appreciate the area's natural heritage.
Fauna
Due to its small size, long history of human development and use and island-like setting, Mira River Provincial Park is home to a limited number of mammals, including snowshoe hare, red squirrels, voles, moles, bats, field mice and porcupine. Common birds which inhabit the park and surrounding woods and waters include bald eagles, loon, blue heron, Canada goose and a variety of owls, ducks and other waterfowl. Although having limited wildlife values, the park does provide some relatively natural habitat in an area of increasing human development and use.
Cultural heritage
The first inhabitants of the area were the Mi'kmaq who established seasonal camps along the river. In the early 1700s, French settlers arrived and soon began clearing the land and exporting timber, particularly white pine prized for ship masts, to France. The settlers also farmed as evidenced by the old orchards still found within the park.
In 1727 the French established a brickyard here at what is now known as Brickyard Point in Mira River Provincial Park, to access the high quality of clay found along the river banks. The bricks were used to build the nearby Fortress of Louisbourg which had begun in 1719. Even today, a walk along the shore of the river will reveal hundreds of bricks that fell off the ships transporting them from the kiln to the Louisbourg construction site.
By 1763 the English gained control of Cape Breton Island. While some French settlers returned to France, many others remained. Later, large numbers of United Empire Loyalists and Scottish immigrants settled in Cape Breton.
The park provides an authentic setting to present the story of aboriginal use of the Mira River. As well, there are visible remnants of early French, and later English, occupation of what is now Mira River Provincial Park.
A cemetery owned by a third party is located within the park.
Outdoor recreation
Mira River Provincial Park offers a range of opportunities for outdoor recreation activities. Situated on the 55 kilometre-long Mira River, and within a short drive from the greater Sydney area, the provincial park is popular for pleasure boating and other recreational activities including fishing and swimming. The park offers one of only a limited number of freshwater swimming opportunities in proximity to the Sydney area.
The park offers public access to Mira River and provides facilities and services to better enjoy the area's recreational amenities. These facilities and services include a campground, picnic area, unsupervised swimming area, boat launch, picnic area, walking trails, a playground, parking and washrooms.
A clearly defined trail in wooded areas, open fields, and along the shore can also be used in the winter months for cross-country skiing.
Tourism
Mira River Provincial Park plays an important role in regional tourism efforts. The park provides an accommodation base for campers that is close to the greater Sydney area and the nearby Fortress of Louisbourg National Historic Site of Canada. It also offers one of the best freshwater swimming opportunities in eastern Cape Breton County and access to the Mira River for boating.
Facilities and services
The park has 156 campsites, 51 open (44 water and electric sites), 40 Partially Wooded (15 water and electric), 65 Wooded. The park has a picnic area, a boat launch, and a trailer dump station. The large unsupervised beach is ideal for families to play.
WiFi is available at the admin building and surrounding area. Password required, please see the park receptionist.
Season and fees
The park is open for day use and for camping from June 1 to October 15 in 2018. The park Administration building will be staffed from 9:00AM to 11:00PM every day during the park season up to Sept. 5 when the park changes to a Self-registration park to closing. Camping reservations can be made beginning 2 April 2018.
The fee per night is $26.70 (Two-way hook ups are available at some sites for $35.60) Seniors and Veterans discounts are offered.
Please note that there are no facilities in the winter and parking is at the gate only.
The park's civic address is 439 Brickyard Road, Albert Bridge, NS.
References
External links
Mira River Provincial Park Website
Provincial parks of Nova Scotia
Tourist attractions in Cape Breton County
Parks in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality
Çamlıtepe is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
James Dillard may refer to:
James H. Dillard (James Hardy Dillard, 1856–1940), rector of the College of William and Mary, president of the Jeanes Fund and John F. Slater Fund
Jim Dillard (James Hardy Dillard II, born 1933), his grandson, former member of the Virginia House of Delegates
James Price Dillard, professor of communication
James Dillard, first officer of American Airlines Flight 191
Jim Dillard (gridiron football) (1938–2022), American football player
Kelly is an unincorporated community in Nemaha County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population of the community and nearby areas was 27.
History
Kelly had its start by the building of the Kansas City, Wichita and Northwestern Railway through that territory.
A post office was opened in Kelly in 1888, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1988.
Demographics
For statistical purposes, the United States Census Bureau has defined this community as a census-designated place (CDP).
Education
The community is served by Nemaha Central USD 115 public school district.
Notable people
William S. Hill, Former U.S. Representative.
References
Further reading
External links
Nemaha County maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Unincorporated communities in Nemaha County, Kansas
Unincorporated communities in Kansas
1888 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1888
Lewisham Deptford is a parliamentary constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2015 by Vicky Foxcroft of the Labour Party.
History
This seat was created in 1974. It has remained largely urban in its constituent areas which have been altered on reform by the Boundary Commission very lightly overall. The area of Deptford wholly within the seat was a major London dockyard and in its early history contained chandleries, repair yards, connected with the Royal Navy, later having a high concentration of London's expansive import and export wharves and warehouses; this extended well within the 2010-drawn confines of the seat towards New Cross which had major railway yards.
Political history
The seat has been won by three Members of Parliament, all of which were and remained during their public service members of the Labour Party. The 2015 result made the seat the 23rd safest of Labour's 232 seats by percentage of majority and the 9th safest in the capital.
In the 2016 referendum to leave the European Union, the constituency voted remain by 75.4%.
Constituency profile
This constituency takes in Lewisham's northern tip – a short stretch alongside the Thames – along with the Deptford and New Cross districts, and the centre of Lewisham itself. These are historically some of the more deprived in London with high crime rates and social problems,. However, in the 21st century, counter to this, more upmarket housing developments are springing up as former industrial sites are cleared away. To the South East of the seat, Lewisham town centre adjoins Ladywell.
The area is relatively affordable, given the short commuting distance to Central London and Canary Wharf, via the Docklands Light Railway and South East Main Line. Goldsmiths, University of London and wider halls of residence make this a popular living area for those staying and studying in Greater London, giving a substantial student minority to the electorate.
At the Western extremity of the seat, just inside the current boundaries, is The Den, home to Millwall FC.
Lewisham Deptford has been one of Labour's safest London seats since its 1974 creation – it was the party's 25th safest in Britain at the 2001 election – though social change in the last decade has seen things become a little more competitive; the most popular opposition in 2005 and 2010 was formed by the active Liberal Democrat party in the area. In terms of share of the vote, it received the 44th largest Labour vote in 2010, of the 650 constituencies.
Boundaries
1974–1983: The London Borough of Lewisham wards of Brockley, Deptford, Drake, Grinling Gibbons, Ladywell, Marlowe, and Pepys.
1983–2010: The London Borough of Lewisham wards of Blythe Hill, Crofton Park, Drake, Evelyn, Grinling Gibbons, Ladywell, Marlowe, and Pepys.
2010–present: The London Borough of Lewisham wards of Brockley, Crofton Park, Evelyn, Ladywell, Lewisham Central, New Cross, and Telegraph Hill.
The constituency covers the northern and north-western parts of the London Borough of Lewisham.
The Fifth Periodic Review of Westminster constituencies which redrew this seat in 2010 also resulted in the creation of a new cross-borough constituency of Lewisham West and Penge which takes electoral wards from Lewisham and Bromley.
Members of Parliament
Election results
Elections in the 2010s
Elections in the 2000s
Elections in the 1990s
Elections in the 1980s
Elections in the 1970s
See also
List of parliamentary constituencies in London
Notes
References
External links
Politics Resources (election results from 1922 onwards)
Electoral Calculus (election results from 1955 onwards)
Politics of the London Borough of Lewisham
Parliamentary constituencies in London
Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom established in 1974
Deptford
Igling is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
Subdivisions
The municipality Igling consists of the subdivisions (Ortsteile) Holzhausen, Unterigling and Oberigling.
Population development
In 1970 1,656 were residing in Igling, in 1987 1,767 people lived in Igling, and 2005 2,125 residents lived in Igling.
History
Igling belonged to the barons of Donnersberg. The village was part of the Electorate of Bavaria and formed a "geschlossenes Hofmark" which place of residence Oberigling has been. In the course of administrative reform in Bavaria accrued through the Gemeindeedikt today's municipal.
During the second world war many areas were dispossessed. The castle was confiscated by the SS and happened to be the field office of the Landsberger jail after the war. Until 1945 the Lager II der Außenlagergruppe Landsberg/Kaufering of the concentration camp Dachau existed there. Afterward fugitives were accommodated in the castle.
The train station on the rail route Munich-Memmingen has been closed.
Politics
Mayor of Igling is Christl Weinmüller.
Culture and sights
The Castle of Igling, privately owned, with castle restaurant and golf course.
Parish Church John the Baptist, baroque church
Brewery in Holzhausen with beer garden
Iglinger Sommerkeller, disco and bar
2 concentration camp cemeteries
Education
In 1999 the following institutions existed:
Kindergarten: 71 kids
Elementary school: 1 with 8 teachers and 303 pupils
References
External links
European Holocaust Memorial - a monument ensemble against racism and totalitarianism at the place of the crime - under the executive management of the Citizens´ Association European Holocaust Memorial Foundation
The Holocaust in the Landsberg area- Citizens´ Association "Landsberg in the 20th Century" (English)
Landsberg (district)
Bridges Burned is a lost 1917 silent film drama directed by Perry N. Vekroff and starring Olga Petrova. Popular Plays and Players produced while Metro Pictures distributed.
Cast
Olga Petrova - Mary O'Brien
Mahlon Hamilton - Ernest Randal
Arthur Hoops - O'Farrell
Maury Steuart - Mary's Son
Robert Broderick - Thomas O'Brien
Mathilde Brundage - Norah
Louis Stern - Solicitor
Thomas Cameron -
References
External links
1917 films
American silent feature films
Films directed by Perry N. Vekroff
Lost American films
American black-and-white films
Silent American drama films
1917 drama films
1917 lost films
Lost drama films
1910s American films
The OVW Rush Division Championship is a midcard title created and owned by the Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) promotion. It was announced on November 20, 2019 on OVW TV Tapings, replacing the Television title which was discarded by Tony Gunn. The RUSH Championship is sponsored by COLLARxELBOW and a brand-new division was created for it.
There have been a total of 11 reigns shared between 7 different champions. The current champion is Gustavo who is in his second reign.
Title history
Combined reigns
As of ,
References
External links
OVW Rush Division Championship History
Ohio Valley Wrestling championships
Anais Catala is a half Iraqi and half French model of 3 thirds of Jewish faith.
Daughter of an Iraqi mother and French father, she was a delegate in Miss Earth 2007 competing as Miss Iraq and held the title for Miss Iraq 2007 being only 20 years old.
She resides in Paris, France. Anais is fluent in French, English and German.
External links
Anais Catala Profile at jurgita.com
Beautiful Iraq by Brian Whitaker
Anais Catala at Waleg
Anais Catala Miss Iraq 2007
Miss Iraq 2007 by the Pageant News Bureau
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
French female models
French people of Iraqi-Jewish descent
Aplochiton taeniatus is a species of amphidromous galaxiid native to Argentina and Chile in South America. The proposed species A. marinus, endemic to Chile, is considered by FishBase and the Catalog of Fishes to be a junior synonym of A. taeniatus, though the IUCN and ITIS list it as a valid species. This species grows to in standard length.
References
taeniatus
Taxa named by Leonard Jenyns
Fish described in 1842
The 2020 United States House of Representatives elections in Alabama were held on November 3, 2020, to elect the seven U.S. representatives from the state of Alabama, one from each of the state's seven congressional districts. The elections coincided with the 2020 U.S. presidential election, as well as other elections to the House of Representatives, elections to the United States Senate and various state and local elections.
Overview
District
Results of the 2020 United States House of Representatives elections in Alabama by district:
District 1
The 1st district is home to the city of Mobile, and includes Washington, Mobile, Baldwin, Escambia and Monroe counties. The incumbent is Republican Bradley Byrne, who was re-elected with 63.2% of the vote in 2018, and announced on February 20, 2019 that he would seek the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate in 2020.
Republican primary
Candidates
Declared
Jerry Carl, Mobile County commissioner
John Castorani, U.S. Army veteran
Bill Hightower, former state senator and candidate for Governor of Alabama in 2018
Wes Lambert, businessman
Chris Pringle, state representative
Declined
Bradley Byrne, incumbent U.S. Representative (running for U.S. Senate)
Rusty Glover, former state senator
Terry Lathan, chair of the Alabama Republican Party
Endorsements
Polling
Primary results
Runoff results
Democratic primary
Candidates
Declared
James Averhart, U.S. marines veteran
Rick Collins, real estate agent
Kiani Gardner, college professor and biologist
Primary results
Runoff results
General election
Predictions
Results
District 2
The 2nd district encompasses most of the Montgomery metropolitan area, and stretches into the Wiregrass Region in the southeastern portion of the state, including Andalusia, Dothan, Greenville, and Troy. The incumbent is Republican Martha Roby, who was re-elected with 61.4% of the vote in 2018; on July 26, 2019 she announced she would not seek re-election.
Republican primary
Candidates
Declared
Thomas W. Brown, Jr., statistician
Jeff Coleman, businessman
Terri Hasdorff, consulting firm president
Troy King, former Alabama Attorney General
Barry Moore, former state representative
Bob Rogers, electrician
Jessica Taylor, businesswoman and attorney
Withdrawn
Will Dismukes, state representative
Declined
Wes Allen, state representative
Donnie Chesteen, state senator
Clyde Chambliss, state senator
Martha Roby, incumbent U.S. Representative
Endorsements
Polling
Primary results
Runoff results
Democratic primary
Candidates
Declared
Phyllis Harvey-Hall, education consultant and retired teacher
Nathan Mathis, former state representative and nominee for Alabama's 2nd congressional district in 2016
Primary results
General election
Predictions
Results
District 3
The 3rd district is based in eastern Alabama, taking in small parts of Montgomery, as well as, Talladega, Tuskegee and Auburn. The incumbent is Republican Mike Rogers, who was re-elected with 63.7% of the vote in 2018.
Republican primary
Candidates
Declared
Mike Rogers, incumbent U.S. Representative
Democratic primary
Candidates
Declared
Adia Winfrey, clinical psychologist and candidate for Alabama's 3rd congressional district in 2018
General election
Predictions
Results
District 4
The 4th district is located in rural north-central Alabama, spanning the Evangelical belt area. The incumbent is Republican Robert Aderholt, who was re-elected with 79.8% of the vote in 2018.
Republican primary
Candidates
Declared
Robert Aderholt, incumbent U.S. Representative
Endorsements
Democratic primary
Candidates
Declared
Rick Neighbors
General election
Predictions
Results
District 5
The 5th district is based in northern Alabama, including the city of Huntsville. The incumbent is Republican Mo Brooks, who was re-elected with 61.0% of the vote in 2018.
Republican primary
Candidates
Declared
Mo Brooks, incumbent U.S. Representative
Chris Lewis, U.S. Navy veteran
Results
General election
Predictions
Results
District 6
The 6th district encompasses Greater Birmingham, taking in parts of Birmingham, as well as the surrounding suburbs, including Bibb, Blount, Chilton, Coosa, and Shelby counties. The incumbent is Republican Gary Palmer, who was re-elected with 69.2% of the vote in 2018.
Republican primary
Candidates
Declared
Gary Palmer, incumbent U.S. Representative
General election
Predictions
Results
District 7
The 7th district encompasses the Black Belt, including Selma and Demopolis, as well as taking in majority-black areas of Birmingham, Tuscaloosa, and Montgomery. The incumbent is Democrat Terri Sewell, who was re-elected with 97.8% of the vote in 2018, without major-party opposition.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Declared
Terri Sewell, incumbent U.S. Representative
General election
Predictions
Results
Notes
Partisan clients
References
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Official campaign websites for 1st district candidates
James Averhart (D) for Congress
Jerry Carl (R) for Congress
Official campaign websites for 2nd district candidates
Phyllis Harvey-Hall (D) for Congress
Barry Moore (R) for Congress
Official campaign websites for 3rd district candidates
Mike Rogers (R) for Congress
Adia Winfrey (D) for Congress
Official campaign websites for 4th district candidates
Robert Aderholt (R) for Congress
Rick Neighbors (D) for Congress
Official campaign websites for 5th district candidates
Mo Brooks (R) for Congress
Official campaign websites for 6th district candidates
Gary Palmer (R) for Congress
Kaynen Pellegrino (I) for Congress
Official campaign websites for 7th district candidates
Terri Sewell (D) for Congress
Alabama
2020
House
Jean-François Cars (16 October 1661, Lyon, France – 30 August 1738, Paris, France), was a French engraver, printer, publisher and printseller from Lyon.
Biography
Jean-François Cars was born in Lyons on 16 October 1661, the son of François Cars père [Senior], and his wife, Virginie Chesne. His father was an engraver and printseller who had come from Paris to settle in Lyon, at rue [Street] Mercière, with his brother, Gabriel, also an engraver. They were the sons of Jean Cars, an artisan and a sculptor “de peu de notoriété” [“of little notoriety”] of Paris, and his wife, Maria Firans, the daughter of an engraver. So Jean-François and his brothers, François fils [Junior] (1682—1763) and Joseph, were the fourth generation of engravers in their family. Baptized on the next day, Jean-François had as his godfather another engraver, François Demasso of Lyon, who also worked as a merchant of prints and figurines.
Jean-François learned his craft in the workshop of his father, as well as from the maker of intaglios, Pierre Husson (1675–1676), and the printer of intaglios, Chabrilland. However, his earliest prints by hand dated only from 1693, when, in the wake of his father, he provided the plates for the illustrations of the works being published in Lyon.
On 18 October 1695 in Lyon, Jean-François married a Parisian, Marie Barbery, the sister of the engraver Louis Barbery. They had seven children, including Laurent Cars and a daughter, Agatha, who married the King's printer Gabriel-François Quillau. The family lived with François Cars at first and then settled, under their own sign, “A Saint-Hubert”, at rue Mercière, in 1698. At this shop, Jean-François engraved portraits of local notables as well as vignettes for the works that were being published in Lyon. He also engraved the titles and frontispieces of the books for the libraries of Lyon.
He had several presses and employed several Lyonnaise engravers, including Claude Séraucourt and especially his own brother, François Cars fils.
Jean-François moved to Paris at the beginning of the 18th century, followed by his younger brother, François. However, for nearly ten years, the brothers stayed active in both cities. In Paris, Jean-François had had his shop at rue de la Savonnerie since 1702 yet his youngest son was born in Lyon in December 1704. In 1711, he extended his lease of the Lyonnaise home for five years. In 1720, he bought his own Parisian house at rue Saint-Jacques, where he had already been renting since 1712. It was adjacent to either the Sorbonne or the Collège du Plessis. He changed his shop's sign to “Au Nom de Jésus” [Latin, “At the Name of Jesus”], and, in 1726, he expanded his shop to a bigger building, probably to move his operations. He continued not only to make engravings (an activity he gradually abandoned) but also work as a publisher and seller of prints. He specialized, among other things, the placards for the theses for the Jesuit colleges, especially the ones in Paris and Bordeaux.
Jean-François kept a workshop where many apprentices, especially François Boucher and Jean-Baptiste Perronneau learned and worked; in 1730, it had six presses for making the intaglios. But he also found the time to serve his parish church, Church of Saint-Benoît-le-Bétourné, just down the street from his house, as a commissioner of the poor and a churchwarden.
Jean-François died on 30 August 1738 at his home on rue Saint-Jacques in Paris. He was buried on the next day at the Church of Saint-Benoît-le-Bétourné.
Engravings
The works of Jean-François Cars are not considered to be equal of those of his more famous son, Laurent Cars. His plates are sometimes marked “J. F. Cars” but more frequently “J. F. Cars fils [Junior]”. He is known to have engraved the portraits of the following notables:
Louis XIV, engraved at Lyons, sold at Paris, marked “J. F. C.”
Père Nicolas de Dijon, Superior of the Order of Capuchins at Lyons, engraved at Lyons, 1694, under the title “R. Ad. P. Nicolas Divionensis” [Latin, “Nicholas of Dijon”] and signed “J. f. Cars le fils”
Henri, Prince de la Tour d'Auvergne, 1699.
Charles le Goux de la Berchere, Archbishop of Albi, 1702
Étienne, Cardinal Le Camus, Bishop of Grenoble, 1703.
François-Joseph de Grammont, the Archbishop of Besançon, 1706.
Pierre de Sève, Baron de Fléchères, engraved and signed “J. f. Cars”, 1706, after Rigaud
François Blouet de Camilly, Archbishop of Tours, 1707
Camille de Neufville de Villeroy, Archbishop and Count of Lyon, engraved and signed “J. f. Cars”, 1717, after Grandon of Lyons
Joseph-Jean-Baptiste Fleurieu, Seigneur d'Armenonville, Keeper of the Seals of France [Garde des sceaux de France], 1720, after Rigaud
Melchior, Cardinal de Polignac, 1720, after Rigaud
Michel Poncet de la Rivière, Bishop of Angers, 1722, signed “J. F. Cars”
Dominique de Saint Clair, Bishop of Séez
Louis Auguste, Prince de Dombes, signed “J. f. Cars le fils”
Louis, Vicomte d'Aubusson
References
Bibliography
F[rédérique]. Bon, État de la question sur Jean-François Cars, graveur et marchand d'estampes [State of the Question about Jean-François Cars, engraver and printseller] (Lyon, 1661 - Paris, 1738), 2 Volumes (Lyon: Mémoire de DEA, université Lyon II, 1997)
Michael Bryan, Bryan's Dictionary of Paints and Engravers, Biographical and Critical, Volume 1: A—K, edited by Robert Edmund Graves and Sir Walter Armstrong (London: George Bell and Sons, 1886), page 243.
Sylvie Martin-de Vesvrotte; Henriette Pommier and Marie Félicie Pérez, Dictionnaire des graveurs-éditeurs et marchands d'estampes à Lyon aux XVIIe et XVIIIe siècles et catalogue des pièces éditées [Dictionary of Engravers, Publishers and Merchants of Prints in Lyon in the 17th and 18th Centuries and Edited Catalogue of the Pieces] (Lyon: Presses universitaires de Lyon [University of Lyon Press], 2002), pages 30-34.
Maxime Préaud, Pierre Casselle, Marianne Grivel and Corinne Le Bitouzé, “Jean-François Cars”, Dictionnaire des éditeurs d'estampes à Paris sous l'Ancien Régime [Dictionary of the Publishers of Prints in Paris under the Ancient Regime] (Paris: Promodis / éditions du Cercle de la librairie, 1986), pages 73–74.
Natalis Rondot, Les gravers d'estampes sur cuivre à Lyon: au XVIIe siècle [The Engravers of Prints on Copper in Lyon during the 17th Century] (Lyon: Imprimerie Mougin-Rusand, 1896), page 111
Engravers from Lyon
17th-century French engravers
18th-century French engravers
1670 births
1739 deaths
Amidostomatidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Strongylida.
Genera:
Amidostomum Railliet & Henry, 1909
Epomidiostomum Skrjabin, 1915
References
Nematodes
Randal Plunkett may refer to:
Randal Edward Sherborne Plunkett (born 1848), British Conservative politician
Randal Plunkett, 19th Baron of Dunsany (born 1906), Irish peer and soldier
Randal Plunkett, 21st Baron of Dunsany (born 1983), Irish film director and rewilding advocate
Mandela Effect is the second remix album by American musician Gonjasufi (Sumach Ecks), released by record label Warp in 2017. His collaborators include underground hop-hop group Shabazz Palaces, Daddy G from Massive Attack, and Nigerian percussionist Tony Allen. The album contains 16 tracks—remixes from his previous album Callus as well as several originals and collaborations. The title refers to the phenomenon of false memories which are shared by numerous people, dubbed the "Mandela Effect" by some in reference to mistaken memories of the death of Nelson Mandela before he became president of South Africa.
Reception
At Metacritic, that assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 69, based on four reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews".
Andy Cush of Spin stated "Gonjasufi's psychedelic blasts of bass and spiritual noise have always been disorienting–the kind of music that might impel you to check your headphone jack to make sure everything is plugged in correctly, or is it really supposed to sound like that? Now, he's applying his off-kilter sensibility to release formats as well... The name is probably instructive in terms of how Gonjasufi wants The Mandela Effect to be received: as a relic from another reality that diverges from Callus in some ways but reflects it in others. Trippy." Paul Carr of PopMatters added "It is incredibly difficult to make remix albums hang together well and Mandela Effect is no different. There is a distinct absence of flow to the album as each reinterpretation proves to be so radically different. Nonetheless, each guest adds something memorable with certain songs arguably more powerful than the originals. Impressively, the whole thing retains the angular peril and stifling claustrophobia of the original but with slightly more light and shade. As an alternate version of his Callous [sic] album, it is one well worth remembering."
Paul Simpson of AllMusic commented "Mandela Effect is certainly more varied than Callus (which, like all Gonjasufi releases, is a heady mix of styles itself), and while it isn't exactly lighter or more listener-friendly, it often seems to get its messages across in more intriguing ways". Nathan Westley of The Line of Best Fit noted "At its heart, Mandela Effect is an exploration of texture, something made most evident on the abstract hip hop which lays at the burning central core of Shabazz Palaces' reworked version of "Afrikan Spaceship" – a track centred around an intermittent bass-driven rhythm and motorcycle samples. King Britt's take on the same song however sees it arrive in a dub-touched trenchcoat. In all, it's pretty confusing. But with Mandela Effect, Gonjasufi has created a truly stimulating album that will be quite unlike any other released this year."
Track listing
Personnel
Gonjasufi – composer, mixing, producer
Pearl Thompson – guitar
Tony Allen – featured artist
Beth Gibbons – composer
References
External links
2017 albums
Gonjasufi albums
Warp (record label) albums
Joey Jamie Falzon (born 2 October 1969) is a former professional footballer and current manager of Maltese First Division side St. George's. Throughout his career he played as a defender, and as a midfielder. Born in Australia, he represented the Malta national team.
Falzon played for the Malta national football team in the 1990 Rothman's Tournament.
References
Living people
1969 births
Soccer players from Melbourne
Australian people of Maltese descent
People with acquired Maltese citizenship
Maltese footballers
Malta international footballers
Żurrieq F.C. players
Luqa St. Andrew's F.C. players
Siggiewi F.C. players
Mqabba F.C. managers
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
Australian soccer coaches
Problepsis achlyobathra is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Sumatra, Peninsular Malaysia, Borneo, Java and Sulawesi.
Subspecies
Problepsis achlyobathra achlyobathra
Problepsis achlyobathra emphyla Prout, 1938 (Sulawesi)
Problepsis achlyobathra violescens Prout, 1934 (Java)
References
External links
The Moths of Borneo
Scopulini
Moths described in 1928
Moths of Asia
Martin Gatt (born 1937 in Aberdeen) is a British classical bassoonist. He studied under Archie Camden at the Royal College of Music in London. He served as principal bassoonist of the London Philharmonic Orchestra from 1958 to 1966, after which he was appointed principal bassoonist of the English Chamber Orchestra from 1966 to 1976. He also held the post of principal bassoon of the London Symphony Orchestra from 1977 to 1998, and was the bassoonist in the Barry Tuckwell Wind Quintet from 1967 to 1991. He is also active in music education. At the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts he founded the Department of Wind, Brass and Percussion. He taught at the Guildhall School of Music & Drama from 1967 to 1984, and is currently a professor of Bassoon at the Royal College of Music.
References
External links
rcm.ac.uk: Martin Gatt (ARCM, HonFGSM, FRCM) – Bassoon
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Scottish classical bassoonists
Alumni of the Royal College of Music
Academics of the Royal College of Music
London Symphony Orchestra players
Czerwonka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
During the 1967–68 English football season, Brentford competed in the Football League Fourth Division. Weathering the storm of a severe financial crisis for the second successive season, the threadbare squad managed a mid-table finish.
Season summary
The positive outcome of the events of 19 January 1967 meant that Brentford would stay in business long enough to compete in the 1967–68 Fourth Division season. A syndicate headed by Ron Blindell had taken over the shares of former chairman Jack Dunnett and assumed control of the club, with Blindell as chairman. With a £100,000 debt (equivalent to £ in ) needing to be paid by 30 June 1968, drastic cost-cutting measures were enacted at Griffin Park. Brentford's reserve and youth teams were scrapped and a mass clear-out of the squad led to just 16 professionals being retained. Having been installed in the role full-time, manager Jimmy Sirrel was permitted to sign a small number of players, including Chelsea youth product Alan Nelmes and Charlton Athletic's inside forward Cliff Myers.
Injuries to John Richardson and George Thomson prior to the opening match of the season left Brentford with just 15 fit players and a lack of personnel would be a running saga during the campaign. Regular goals from John Docherty and Ian Lawther in the early months of the season helped Brentford tread water in mid-table and then slowly rise towards the promotion places, coming as high as 6th place by early December 1967. Hopes of money-raising runs in the FA Cup and League Cup were extinguished with first round defeats in each competition, but chairman Blindell had revealed the positive news in November that the club was more or less breaking even. 9 defeats and just one victory in a 12-match spell between December 1967 and February 1968 undid all the good early-season work and dropped the Bees back into mid-table. Manager Sirrel was permitted to spend £12,000 on attackers Ron Fenton and Allan Mansley in January 1968, but was forced to sell Cliff Myers and top-scorer John Docherty to balance the books.
By March 1968, spiralling debts and the "Brentford Borough" saga threatened the club's existence for the second time in a year. With £70,000 of the £135,000 debt needed to be paid in June 1968, former director Walter Wheatley stepped in and provided the club with a £69,000 interest-fee loan, repayable in 12 months. On the pitch, the team had experienced something of a revival, winning five matches and drawing two of a 9-match spell between late February and early April, but the retirement of George Thomson and the departure of Eddie Reeve left manager Jimmy Sirrel with just 14 players with which to complete the season. Brentford finished in 14th place and used just 18 outfield players during the course of the season.
League table
Results
Brentford's goal tally listed first.
Legend
Football League Fourth Division
FA Cup
Football League Cup
Sources: 100 Years Of Brentford, Statto
Playing squad
Players' ages are as of the opening day of the 1967–68 season.
Sources: 100 Years Of Brentford, Timeless Bees
Coaching staff
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Substitute appearances in brackets.
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years Of Brentford
Goalscorers
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years Of Brentford
Management
Summary
Transfers & loans
Notes
References
Brentford F.C. seasons
Brentford
"The Water Cure" is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
The Water Cure may also refer to:
Books
The Water Cure, a 2007 novel by Percival Everett
The Water Cure, a 2018 novel by Sophie Mackintosh
The Water Cure in Chronic Disease, a 1846 book by James Manby Gully
Other uses
The Water-Cure, a 1991 play by Carey Harrison
The Water-Cure Journal, a journal created by Joel Shew
"The Water Cure", a song by Systematic from their 2003 album Pleasure to Burn
See also
Water cure
The Glasgow University Magazine (GUM) was first published on 5 February 1889, aiming to keep students informed of news and events within the university, and to provide an outlet for student writing and illustrations.
It is the oldest continuously published student magazine in Scotland and despite changes in style has continued to document the University's history from the student's point of view, with reports of sporting achievements and debates, short stories and poems, articles and letters giving opinions on the political and moral issues of the day, and photographs of office bearers and medal winners.
GUM provided a start for a number of illustrators, writers and editors who went on to make their marks in the wider world. They included James Bridie, Charles Oakley, and John Buchan, the author of The Thirty-Nine Steps, who wrote for GUM in the 1890s.
GUM is a part of and is partially funded by Glasgow University Students' Representative Council, although it retains editorial independence. It is one of four student media organisations within the SRC, who provide both a service and opportunities to students at the University and to the local community.
The Magazine won three awards in The Herald Scottish Student Press Awards 2006: Best Production, Best Magazine and Student Journalist of the Year for Jenny Munro's fashion writing.
The Magazine also won the award for Best Magazine at the 2008 Herald Scottish Student Press Awards.
References
External links
GUM website
Student magazines published in the United Kingdom
Mass media in Glasgow
University of Glasgow
Magazines established in 1889
Kelly McGillis is an American actress. She has appeared in several films since the 1980s including: her role as Rachel Lapp in Witness (1985) with Harrison Ford, for which she received Golden Globe and BAFTA nominations, the role of Charlie in the Top Gun (1986) with Tom Cruise, and the role of attorney Kathryn Murphy in The Accused (1988).
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Actress filmographies
American filmographies
John Moody (1 November 1904 – 23 April 1963) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a goalkeeper.
Moody was born in Heeley, Sheffield and first played in local football in the Sheffield Amateur League. He was signed by Herbert Chapman's Arsenal in August 1925 but was initially fourth-choice goalkeeper behind Jock Robson, Bill Harper and Dan Lewis. He didn't make his first team debut for nearly two years, it's coming in a 3–2 defeat away to Bury on 4 May 1927. Moody went on to keep goal in the final match of 1926-27, a 4-0 North London derby win, and covered for Lewis the following season in four matches while the latter was injured; his final game was a 6–4 defeat at Sheffield United on 7 January 1928.
After just six games in three years at Arsenal, Moody moved to Bradford Park Avenue in the 1928 close season. He spent two years at Bradford before stints at Doncaster Rovers, Manchester United and finally Chesterfield, winning the Third Division North title in 1935-36.
References
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1904 births
1963 deaths
English footballers
Manchester United F.C. players
Arsenal F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
The Primm Springs Historic District in Primm Springs, Tennessee is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing included 15 contributing buildings, three contributing structures, and two contributing sites.
It is the location of a historic mineral springs resort. It runs along the Puppy Branch of Dog Creek, through a hollow, where shale formations release waters with dissolved minerals. There were once five mineral springs; three remained in 1985, "sulphur", "arsenic", and "calomel". The district includes "a good collection of vernacular frame structures including a large hotel, another smaller boarding house, six family summercabins or cottages, a dance hall, two small stores, and two frame residences designed for year round use, as well as a number of outbuildings including springhouses, kitchens, smokehouses, barns, and sheds. Most of the buildings were designed for summer use only."
References
Springs of Tennessee
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Hickman County, Tennessee
WDDW (104.7 FM) is a Spanish language radio station licensed to Sturtevant, Wisconsin, and serving the Milwaukee and Racine area from studios located on South 108th Street in West Allis. It is owned by Bustos Media. WDDW is also known as "La Gran D" (sounded out as "La Grande", using the Spanish pronunciation of the letter "D"), and plays traditional regional/Mexican music, with a second station, W229CQ (93.7), translated via WDDW's HD Radio HD2 subchannel and carrying older regional/traditional music and some current tracks under the branding "La Z 93.7". WDDW transmits from the former WMLW-TV analog-era tower northwest of the Oak Creek Power Plant in Oak Creek, with W229CQ's transmitter located atop the Hilton Milwaukee City Center. Both signals optimally target Milwaukee's core south side Hispanic neighborhoods.
History
The frequency was licensed on September 26, 1989 as WZXA, and finally signed on the air June 18, 1993. In 1994, the station aired a mixture of satellite and local hot adult contemporary as "Sunny 104.7", targeting Racine and Kenosha with their transmitter site located in Franksville, Wisconsin. The station was owned by Pride Communications.
In the spring of 1997, WZXA flipped to current country music as WEXT "Extreme Country 104.7". Pride Communications was sold to NextMedia in 2000, though no major format changes were made. In February 2004 NextMedia turned on their new Oak Creek transmitter, which gave the station an improved signal into the Milwaukee area. The format was tweaked on March 6, 2004, when it evolved into a mixture of current and classic country as "104-7 The Wolf". Instead of a jingle, The Wolf would usually play a wolf howling between songs.
On October 13, 2005, Bustos Media agreed to purchase the station from NextMedia Group for $10.2 million, with the intention of flipping to a Spanish-language format. On September 15, 2005, prior to Bustos taking over the station, WEXT dropped its country format and redirect listeners to FM106 WMIL-FM and began simulcasting then-sister station WIIL Kenosha. To advertise the end that morning, The Wolf replaced the wolf-howling sound effect with the sound of a dying wolf howling. The Wolf signed off with Blackhawk's "Goodbye Says It All". The new format, with new call sign WDDW, launched the next day after a promotional loop, becoming the Milwaukee area's first-ever full-time Spanish language FM station; the Milwaukee Hispanic Chamber Of Commerce officially launched the station with the song "El Aretito" by Los Morros Del Norte at 11:50 a.m. that day, a couple hours later than the intended 10:00 a.m. launch in order to have a proper launch from their new temporary studios in Kenosha.
In September 2010, Bustos transferred most of its licenses to Adelante Media Group as part of a settlement with its lenders. Bustos Media bought WDDW back from Adelante for $1 million on July 31, 2015.
In July 2016, WDDW launched their HD2 subchannel carrying older music after an earlier upgrade to the transmitter to allow HD radio operations; as mentioned above, the signal is translated into analog form over W229CQ from downtown Milwaukee. The signal and subchannel signed on in mid-July with a loop of "Macarena" by Los Del Río before "La 93.7" launched at 5:42 PM on the 21st. The signal is purposefully directed southward to prevent interference with Sheboygan's WBFM and Grand Rapids' WBCT on the same frequency.
Past logos
References
Cheers greet switch to Spanish
Spanish-language radio station gets new owner
Bustos Media press release
External links
WDDW official website
DDW
DDW
Radio stations established in 1993
1993 establishments in Wisconsin
State Route 114 (SR 114) is a state highway in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Alabama. The western terminus of the highway is at an intersection with SR 10 near Lavaca, an unincorporated community approximately east of Butler. The eastern terminus of the highway is at an intersection with SR 69 at Myrtlewood.
Route description
SR 114 travels northeast through rural parts of Choctaw and Marengo counties. The highway travels through sections of Alabama's Black Belt, one of the poorest regions of the state. It serves as a leg of the route between Butler and Linden and travels primarily through rural areas and unincorporated communities. The only incorporated towns the route traverses are Pennington and Myrtlewood.
History
The route was designated in 1963 along the former route of Choctaw County Route 32 (Choctaw CR 32).
Until 2000, the old Naheola Bridge on SR 114 near the unincorporated town of Naheola was one of only two bridges in the world where rail and road traffic shared the same surface. Traffic signals were mounted at either end of the bridge, controlled from the lift bridge operator stationed on top of the lift, that signaled to cars when it was safe to cross.
The bridge was closed to road traffic in 2000, and in 2001 the Highway Department constructed a new bridge for SR 114 parallel to the old Naheola Bridge.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
Pictures of the Naheola Bridge
114
Transportation in Choctaw County, Alabama
Transportation in Marengo County, Alabama
Laura van den Bruel, known as Iris or Airis (born 19 January 1995), is a Belgian singer.
Eurovision
On 18 November 2011, it was announced by Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroeporganisatie (VRT), that Iris would represent Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012. She performed the song "Would You?", finished second last in the first semi-final, and did not make the Eurovision final. In 2014, she returned to the contest as a member of the Belgian jury.
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
Footnotes
Sources
External links
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Belgium
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 2012
People from Antwerp Province
1995 births
Living people
21st-century Belgian women singers
Jose Clemente Zulueta (1876–1904) was a Filipino writer, Philippine Revolution historian and bibliographer. Together with General Mamerto Natividad, he wrote the proclamation entitled “To The Brave Sons of the Philippines”, which called for the expulsion of the friars from the Philippines. He chronicled the Philippine Revolution and was later appointed Collecting Librarian for the insular government by the Philippine Commission. He favored the rewriting of Philippine history, giving importance to the indigenous element (elemento indígena).
Early life
Jose Clemente Zulueta, was born in Paco, Manila on November 23, 1876. His mother died five (5) days after his birth and his father died while he was still a child. Orphaned at a very young age, he was raised by Agustin de la Rosa and Juliana Estrada. The couple raised him as their own and gave him the nickname, “Peping”. They enrolled him at the old College of San Antonio de Padua and in Ateneo Municipal, where he obtained his Bacheller en Artes. He took up law at the University of Santo Tomas where he achieved literary celebrity status as a weaver of exquisite Spanish verses. His poem Afectos a la Virgen was awarded third prize in 1895 with a lirio de plata (silver lily) by the Academia Bibliografico Mariana of Lerida, Spain. It was published in Revista Catolica de Filipina, VII, no. 5, March 1, 1896. During his student days, he organized a study group among his friends with whom he expounded on philosophy, arithmetic and algebra, ethics, rhetoric and poetry. He frequently attended the entresuelo meetings of young students like Cecilio Apostol, Fernando Ma. Guerrero, Rafael Palma, Jose Abreau, among others, to where discussions on literature and social issues took place.
Revolutionary period
In 1896, Zulueta's studies were interrupted by the revolution that broke out. He decided he wanted to record all the military activities of the revolution and presented his purpose to Governor-General Camilio de Polavieja, who gave him a permit to cross Spanish battle lines. His friendships with Filipino revolutionary leaders also gave him access to the Filipino battle lines. He was beside the deathbed of his friend, General Flaviano Yengko, who succumbed to gunshot wounds on March 3, 1897. Much to the disappointment of his friends, he remained impartial in his writings as a recorder of the revolution.
At the Biak Na Bato Headquarters, Gen. Emilio Aguinaldo issued a proclamation drafted for him by Jose Clemente Zulueta and General Mamerto Natividad, Aguinaldo's second in command. The proclamation was entitled “To The Brave Sons of the Philippines”. It called for the expulsion of the friars, return of land to Filipinos, freedom of press, religious tolerance and legal equality. The tenth paragraph describes the aspirations of the Philippine Revolution:
Mindful of the common good, we aspire to the glory of obtaining liberty, independence and honor for the country. We aspire to have common law, created for all citizens, which will serve them as a guarantee and assurance of respect, without exception. We aspire to have a government which will represent all the active forces of the country, in which will take part the most capable, the most worthy in virtues and talents, without regard to their birth, their wealth, or the face to which they belong. We desire that no friar shall set his foot on any part of the Archipelago, and that no convent or monastery or center of corruption, or partisans of that theocracy which has made this land another inquisitorial Spain, shall remain. In our ranks order shall always be respected.
Later on, he worked with Pedro A. Paterno in negotiating the Pact of Biak Na Bato, a peace treaty between the Spanish government and the Filipinos, signed in December 1897, thereby, temporarily ending the war.
Zulueta eventually ceased his impartiality. He joined the Revolutionary Army when Gen. Emilio Aguinaldo returned from Hong Kong in May, 1898. Zulueta witnessed the Declaration of Philippine Independence on June 12, 1898, and continued to record succeeding events of the war. On June 20, 1898, he established the newspaper La Libertad with Epifanio de los Santos, dedicating its initial issue to Colonel Pacheco, the Secretary Of War of the Departmental Government in Central Luzon. This newspaper was unfortunately short lived. Zulueta immediately joined another newspaper, La Independencia, which was founded by General Antonio Luna on September 3, 1898. In his writings, Zulueta used M. Kaun as his penname. Because of his background in law and his writing prowess, Zulueta was elected member of the Constitutional Convention that drafted the Constitution of the First Philippine Republic.
Lawyer, librarian and professor
In 1899, Zulueta returned to Manila and resumed his law studies. He took the bar examination in 1902. Others who took the bar exam that year were Manuel Quezon, Sergio Osmeña, and Juan Sumulong. Zulueta's love for writing kept him from practicing law. He collaborated with Don Modesto Reyes in establishing the newspaper, La Union, which the General Elwell S. Otis, later banned because of its anti-American content.
The Philippine Commission, a commission appointed by the President of the United States, and at the time, headed by William Howard Taft, tasked Zulueta to collect the art and literary materials for exhibition in the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. On March 17, 1903, the Philippine Commission also passed Act 688, authorizing the appointment of a Collecting Librarian for the insular government. Jose Clemente Zulueta was chosen for this position. As provided by law, his duties were stated as follows: “…whose duty it shall be, under the supervision and direction of the Civil Governor, to visit the countries of Europe, Mexico, and elsewhere for the purpose of purchasing books and manuscripts relating to the history of the Philippine Islands, making historical researches into said history, procuring copies of official documents relating thereto, with the view to the foundation in Manila of a public historical library upon the subject of the Philippine Islands.”
To fulfill his duties as Collecting Librarian, Zulueta sailed for Marseilles on April 29, 1903. He proceeded to Barcelona and Madrid where he presented his credentials to the American minister in the capital. He worked in the Biblioteca Nacional and in the Museo Biblioteca de Ultramar, which had its origin from the materials exhibited during the Exposicion General de Filipinas. He discovered a rich collection of papers and documents among which gave importance to Governor Valdes y Tamon's work Las Plazas, Castillos, Fuerzas, y Presidios de las Provincias sugetas a su Real Dominio en las Yslas Philipinas under the orders of the Magestad Cathólica (Dios le guarde) in 1839. Zulueta also found in the Biblioteca de la Real Academia de la Historia the unpublished work of Father Francisco Ignacio Alcina's Relacion. At the King's College, he saw the Vocabulario Tagalo, dated 1585, a manuscript compiled by Fr. Domingo de los Santos, printed in the town of Tayabas in 1703.
As required by law, Zulueta wrote a report entitled Fuentes Historicos de Filipinas in June 1904. He returned to Manila on July 30, 1904. The historical documents he obtained from foreign archives became known as the “Zulueta Papers”. They were deposited in the National Library. Unfortunately, this priceless historical collection was destroyed when the National Library burned down during the liberation of Manila in February 1945.
Zulueta subsequently joined the faculty of Liceo de Manila and taught subjects on Philippine and World History. He served as librarian at the Centro Artistico and Club Internacional, which sent members on fellowship grants to the United States. The first to receive such grant was the City Engineer, Santiago Artiaga.
Marriage and family life
In 1899, Jose Clemente Zulueta married Paz “Pacita” Alejandrino Natividad, a younger sister of General Mamerto Natividad. They had three (3) children: Carlos "Carling" Natividad Zulueta, Gloria Natividad Zulueta, and Judge Jose “Peping” Natividad Zulueta.
Death
Jose Clemente Zulueta did not live long enough to realize his dream to write what he considered genuine history of the Philippines, a history taken from the Filipino point of view with the “characteristics of the indigenous elements in the history of the Philippines.” He succumbed to illness and died in Manila on September 10, 1904. He was only 27 years old. His efforts and ideas were further championed by Felipe R. Calderon and supported by Trinidad Pardo de Tavera, Pedro Paterno, and Epifanio de los Santos.
Legacy
Jose Clemente Zulueta was one of the early Filipino historians who advocated Philippine history from the Filipino point of view. A true pioneer in Philippine historiography, he favored the rewriting of Philippine history, giving importance to the indigenous element (elemento indígena).
Because of his dedication to history and the belief in the importance of chronicling the war, he encouraged his brother-in-law, Col. Joaquin Natividad, to write about the war events in Northern Luzon. Joaquin later became a chronicler of other revolutionary events.
References
Eminent Filipinos, National Historic Commission, 1970
Who's Who in Philippine History, Carlos Quirino, Tahanan Books, 1995
Great Filipinos In History, Gregorio F. Zaide, Verde Bookstore, 1970
Dictionary of Philippine Biography, Vol. 2, Manuel E. Arsenio, Filipiniana Publications, 1970
The Price Of Freedom, General Jose Alejandrino, National Library, 1949, p. 22-25
1876 births
1904 deaths
19th-century Filipino historians
20th-century Filipino historians
Philippine Revolution
People from Paco, Manila
Arnold (II) from the kindred Hahót (; died after 1244) was a Hungarian baron, who served as Palatine of Hungary for a short time in 1242.
Career
Arnold II was born into the gens Hahót as one of the three sons of Arnold I, who founded a monastery in Hahót, Zala County, dedicated to Saint Margaret. Arnold had two brothers, Panyit, who became infamous for his violent actions and plunderings against neighboring estates in the 1250s and 60s, and Keled I, the ancestor of the Hahóti noble family. Arnold II had two sons from his unidentified wife: Nicholas III, who rebelled against the rule of King Stephen V in 1270, and Arnold III, who captured pretender Andrew the Venetian in 1290 (later King of Hungary as Andrew III).
Arnold was first mentioned by contemporary sources since 1233. Then he was a supporter of Duke Béla, who had long opposed his father, King Andrew II's "useless and superfluous perpetual grants". After Béla succeeded his father without opposition in October 1235, Arnold served as ispán of Zala County from 1235 to 1239. Following that he was made ispán of Somogy County in 1240, holding the position until November 1242. After the Battle of Mohi, where Palatine Denis Tomaj was killed, Arnold was appointed as his successor following nearly one-year vacancy. It is possible that after the catastrophic battle, Arnold joined the entourage of Béla IV, who narrowly escaped from the battlefield and fled to Dalmatia. Perhaps Arnold was appointed Palatine on a temporary basis, when Béla waited in exile until the withdrawal of all Mongol forces, and later re-establishment of the royal court in Hungary. Since Arnold's term, the Somogy ispánate was attached to the dignity of Palatine, lasted until 1246.
After replacing as Palatine, Arnold functioned as ispán of Sopron County in 1243. During that time, he received land donations from Béla IV. Possibly it was Arnold who built the castles of Pölöske and Sztrigó (today Štrigova, Croatia) in Zala County in the 1240s, after Béla abandoned the ancient royal prerogative to build and own castles in response to the Mongol invasion. Arnold served as ispán of Nyitra County in 1244; according to a non-authentic charter, he held the office in 1245 too. As his younger son Arnold III was referred to as minor in 1270, it is plausible that Arnold II was still alive in the late 1250s.
References
Sources
13th-century Hungarian people
Arnold 02
Palatines of Hungary
Nihil dicit is Latin for "he says nothing"; a judgment for want of a plea. The name of a judgment which a judge may render against a defendant who failed to plead and failed to answer a plaintiff's declaration or complaint within the prescribed time limit. The defendant failed to say why the court should not issue the judgment against him. The failure to say constitutes an admission of the justice of the cause of action against the defendant; it does so more strongly than a mere default.
Basically, a plaintiff files a complaint asking a court to do something and a defendant must file an answer that disagrees. That is called "joining issue".
Example:
For instance, Smith's Plaintiff's Original Complaint says that Jones breached a contract by only delivering 5 items instead of the 10 items that the contract calls for. Jones files a Defendant's Original Answer which says that after the parties signed the contract they agreed on the phone to change the quantity to 5. That document is in fact an "Answer" because it disputes the Plaintiff's allegations.
However, instead Jones' Defendant's Original Answer might state, "I tried to buy 10 items for the contract with Smith, but my supplier had raised its prices and I could only afford 5. So I delivered the 5 I was able to buy."
Smith says, "We agreed on 10 but I only received 5." The document Jones filed does not dispute that. So Jones "says nothing". Although the document is titled "Defendant's Original Answer" in fact it is only an Appearance, since Jones did not "join issue".
Therefore, Jones has defaulted, even though he filed something titled "Answer".
Because "he says nothing", the court does not need to set a hearing, it can issue a default judgment, which is one type of "judgment on the pleadings". This specific type of "judgment on the pleadings" is called a "Nihil Dicit judgment".
See also
List of Latin phrases
References
Latin legal terminology
Ideal Jawa (India) Ltd was an Indian motorcycle company based in Mysore which sold licensed Jawa motorcycles beginning in 1960 under the brand name Jawa and from 1973 as Yezdi. The name Yezdi was established by a phonetic transcription of Czech language verb "jezdí" (rides). The catchphrase for the bikes sold by the firm was "'Forever Bike, Forever Value". Relaunched in 2022, the new catchphrase is "'Not for the saint hearted".
Jawa motorcycles were introduced in India in 1960 and they have a cult following to this present day. Production was carried out directly in India by Ideal Jawa India Ltd based out of Mysore . The Yezdi factory was located along the railway line which heads to Mysore Junction. The factory was inaugurated by the then Governor of Mysore State, Sri Jayachamaraja Wadiyar, Maharaja of Mysore in 1961.
The Jawa 250 Type 353/04 designated as 'A' Type, Yezdi 250 'B' Type, Yezdi 250 Roadking, Yezdi 350 Twin (type 634) and Yezdi 250 Monarch models are driven to this day in various parts of the country. Jawa and Yezdi bikes, especially the ones with fuel tank paddings and ignition systems on the fuel tank are now collectors items. The company stopped production in 1996.
There are still several bike enthusiasts in the country. There are several bike clubs across the country, some of them even organizing long distance rallies.
In January 2022, Yezdi was relaunched by Mahindra & Mahindra through their Classic Legends subsidiary. Three model were introduced, the Roadster, Scrambler and Adventure. Yezdi motorcycles will be sold alongside Jawa motorcycles in India.
Models
There have been many models of this brand before the company shut its doors in 1996.
Their various models included:
Jawa 250 typ 353/04 Kyvacka called 'A' Type (under license)
Jawa 50 Pionyr typ 555 (under license)
Jawa 50 Jet 'A' Series
Yezdi 60 Jet 'B' Series
Jawa / Yezdi 250 'B' Type (Radial Head & Dimple Tank Transition Model)
Yezdi 250 'B' Type (Model B)
Yezdi 250 Oilking (CB Points and Oil Pump) 'C' Type
Yezdi 250 Roadking (CB Points) 'C' Type
Yezdi B250 Deluxe 'B' Type or "B1"
Yezdi D250 Classic 'D' Type
Yezdi 250 CL II 'D' Type
Yezdi 250 Deluxe 'D' Type
Yezdi 60 Jet 'C' Series
Yezdi 60 Colt
Yezdi 175 (CB Points)
Yezdi 60 Colt Deluxe
Jawa / Yezdi 350 Twin (Jawa 350 typ 634 Powered)
Yezdi 175 Deluxe (CDI)
Yezdi 250 Roadking (CDI) 'C' Type
Yezdi 250 Monarch (CDI) 'C' Type
I.Jawa 250 Roadking (CDI) 'C' Type (Export Model)
Yezdi 250 MT (CDI) 'C' Type (Export Model)
Yezdi 125 Deluxe (Never released)
Yezdi 250 Supersprint 'C' Type (Never released)
Relaunched in 2022
Yezdi Roadster
Yezdi Scrambler
Yezdi Adventure
The 'A', 'B', 'C', 'D' Types are the model of Engine that particular bike has.
Ideal Jawa also exported many of the above models to over 61 countries around the world including Turkey, Nigeria, Sri Lanka, Egypt and others. Guatemala was supplied with custom White Yezdi Roadkings for their Police forces. Some Yezdi 175s were supplied to an oil company in Ghana.
A model exported to Venezuela was called the Yezdi 250 MT.
A few Yezdi Monarchs were used for Pizza delivery in Abu Dhabi, UAE
End of production
When the company was forced to shut down, it was producing the 175, Monarch, Deluxe, Road Kings and CL II. The main reason for the company's collapse was labor trouble and increasing levels of pollution control norms which were making the two stroke bikes that the company produced obsolete. With the advent of Yamaha and Honda in India, these bikes lost their status as Yezdi's were heavier and in some cases slower with lower fuel efficiency.
In motorsports
Ideal Jawa had factory teams for both road races at Sholavaram and the National Motorcycle Rally Championships. Yezdi's were preferred rally bikes in the 80s and 90s.
Aftermath
Though the Yezdi factory is closed and Yezdi bikes are vintage to the present day many people in India are having a craze for these bikes and own them. Yezdi bike clubs have been created where members show off their Yezdi bikes and by doing so, are trying to revive the craze for these bikes.
Relaunch
Starting January 13, 2022 the Yezdi brand has been reintroduced in the Indian market by Classic Legends, after a gap of 25 years. There are three models which have been launched - Scrambler, Roadster and Adventure.
Photo gallery
See also
Jawa Motors
References
External links
www.yezdi.com
Motorcycle manufacturers of India
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of India
Motorcycles of India
Companies based in Mysore
1960 establishments in Mysore State
Indian companies established in 1996
Indian companies disestablished in 1996
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1960
Vehicle manufacturing companies disestablished in 1960
The Ministry of Investment and International Cooperation is the ministry in charge of economic cooperation and development between the Arab Republic of Egypt and the Arab States, foreign countries, and international and regional organizations. It also aids in economic and social development within Egypt. Its headquarters are located in Cairo.
Profile
The Ministry of International Cooperation was merged with the Ministry of Investment in September 2017. It is active in developing financial inclusion policy and is a member of the Alliance for Financial Inclusion. In late 2016, the ministry talked of receiving 120 million euros from the European Union for services to help the economically disadvantaged, for example, to expand the number of children receiving school meals, to aid families running small businesses, and to assist youth with employment skills.
Milestones
On 2 August 2017, the Minister, Sahar Nasar, reported that foreign investment in Egypt would exceed $10 Billion (US dollars). In 2016 Egyptian president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi had moved to float the Egyptian pound and this resulted in lower costs for doing business in Egypt.
In 2018, the Minister announced that Egypt is working to diversify foreign investment stressing several times that the goal is to create jobs. Nasr stated Egypt is working to attract investments from Europe and the US, and continues improvements in cutting red tape when doing business in Egypt. Nasr talked about the improved social stability and Egypt's focus on developing Sinai as a way of countering extremism.
Nasr announced that as of August 2018, sole proprietors can license their company's thanks to improvements made to Egypt's Company's Law and described the limited tax liability benefits to those Small and Medium-sized Enterprises.
Ministers
Fayza Aboulnaga, 2007
Naglaa el-Ahwany was appointed on 17 June 2014
Mrs. Sahar Nasr was appointed on 15 September 2015
See also
Cabinet of Egypt
References
External links
Ministry of International Cooperation official webpage
Ministry of International Cooperation on Facebook
Egypt's Cabinet Database
International Cooperation
The Saint-Athanase River is a tributary of the south shore of the Saguenay River flowing into the municipality of Petit-Saguenay in the Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada.
The Saint-Athanase River Valley is mainly served by Saint-Louis Road and Saint-Etienne Road.
Forestry is the first economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism activities, second.
The surface of the Saint-Athanase River is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however, safe ice circulation is generally from mid-December to mid-March.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the Saint-Athanase River are:
North side: Saguenay River;
East side: Saint-Étienne River, Petites Îles River, St. Lawrence River;
South side: Petit Saguenay River;
West side: Petit Saguenay River, Cabanage River.
The Saint-Athanase River rises at the mouth of Petit Lac Alphée (length: ; altitude: ). This source is located at:
south of its mouth (confluence with the Saguenay River);
northeast of the Petit Saguenay River;
west of the mouth of the Saguenay River;
east of the village center of Petit-Saguenay.
From its source (Petit Lac Alphée), the course of the Saint-Athanase River descends on according to the following segments:
to the north, in particular, crossing the Alphée lake (length: ; altitude: ) on to its mouth;
easterly, forming a curve to the north, to the discharge (coming from the north) of a group of small lakes;
easterly forming at the beginning of a segment a hook to the south, to the discharge (coming from the south) of a set of small lakes;
northerly forming a large S, to the discharge (from the east) of an unidentified lake;
northerly, curving to the northeast, to the discharge (from the east) of a set of unidentified lakes;
northwesterly to a dump of unidentified lakes;
north in a steep valley curving westward around a large mountain to its mouth.
The mouth of the Saint-Athanase River flows into the bottom of "Anse au Cheval" on the south shore of the Saguenay River. This confluence is located at:
northwest of the village center of Saint-Étienne;
northeast of the confluence of the Petit Saguenay River with the Saguenay River;
west of Tadoussac.
Toponymy
The toponym "rivière Saint-Athanase" (St. Athanase River) refers to St. Athanasius, a patron of the Roman Catholic Church.
The toponym "Saint-Athanase River" was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Bank of place names of the Commission de toponymie du Quebec.
Notes and references
External links
See also
Petit-Saguenay, a municipality
Saguenay River, a watercourse
List of rivers of Quebec
Rivers of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean
Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality
Adonijah is the fourth son of King David in the Bible. The given name may also refer to:
Biblical figures
A Levite sent with the princes to teach the book of the law to the inhabitants of Judah ()
One of the "chiefs of the people" after the Babylonian captivity ()
People
Adonijah Bidwell (1716–1784), colonial American minister and supporter of American independence
Adonijah Reid (born 1999), Canadian soccer player
Adonijah Welch (1821–1889), United States Senator from Florida and the first president of Iowa State Agricultural College
See also
Jacob ben Hayyim ibn Adonijah (c. 1470–before 1538), Jewish biblical scholar
Masculine given names
The Schultz Nucleon is an American high-wing strut-braced, single-seat glider that was designed and constructed by Arthur B. Schultz.
Design and development
The Nucleon was built by Schultz in 1954 and even though the wing was strut-braced the aircraft introduced some innovative construction techniques. The wing was carved from Styrofoam around its spar and then covered in fiberglass for a skin. The wing uses a NACA 65-415 airfoil, has full-span flaps and drooping ailerons, and is braced with a single faired strut. The strut-braced tailplane folds so that the aircraft can be loaded for ground transportation on a trailer.
Only one Nucleon was built and it is registered in the Experimental - amateur-built category.
Operational history
The aircraft was flown in the 1956 US Nationals and completed several cross-country flights.
In June 2011, 57 years after the aircraft was built, it was still on the US Federal Aviation Administration registry, listed as being subject to a sale.
Specifications (Nucleon)
See also
References
External links
The Nucleon on the cover of Soaring magazine, Jan/Feb 1953
1950s United States sailplanes
Homebuilt aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1954
Çayyazı is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Peter Hulme-Cross is a British politician who was a Member of the London Assembly (AM) for Londonwide from 2004 to 2008. He was also a member of the London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority.
He was one of the United Kingdom Independence Party's first two members of the London Assembly, having been elected to that body in the 2004 Assembly elections on the UKIP party list. On 31 January 2005 it was announced that he was defecting to the breakaway Veritas, along with fellow UKIP Assembly member Damian Hockney, although Hulme-Cross did not leave UKIP. Later that year, following a disappointing showing for Veritas in the 2005 General Election, Hockney and Hulme-Cross renamed their group on the London Assembly "Veritas-UKIP". However, UKIP complained that this had been done without their consent and refused to renew Hulme-Cross's membership.
Hulme-Cross and Hockney founded the One London Party on 1 September 2005 and renamed the London Assembly group One London.
In November 2005 he was rapporteur on the London Assembly Transport Committee report into the Public Carriage Office entitled "Where to, Guv?"
In October 2006 he was rapporteur on the London Assembly Environment Committee report into the provision of allotments in London entitled "A Lot to Lose - London's disappearing allotments". He subsequently launched an official GLA website detailing all allotment provision in London.
In March 2008 he was rapporteur on the London Assembly Transport Committee report into rogue minicabs entitled "Tackling taxi touting in London". He and Hockney failed to keep their seats in the May 2008 elections.
Hulme-Cross has been a longstanding member of the Sylvan Debating Club.
References
External links
One London Party website
One London blog
London Assembly biog
Living people
UK Independence Party Members of the London Assembly
One London members of the London Assembly
Veritas (political party) members of the London Assembly
Year of birth missing (living people)
Preah Sihanouk Municipality, also Krong Preah Sihanouk (, ), is one of the four districts of Sihanoukville Province in Cambodia. In 1998, it had an urban population of 67,440. In addition to the city of Sihanoukville and the Sihanoukville Autonomous Port, the islands Koh Puos, Koh Preab, Koh Doung, Koh Kaong Kang, Koh Tres, Koh Koun, Koh Tuich, Koh Rong, and Koh Rong Sanloem are under Sihanoukville's administration.
See also
Ream National Park
References
External links
Ministry of Tourism
National Institute of Statistics of Cambodia
Sihanoukville Autonomous Port
Ministry of Public Works and Transport
Districts of Sihanoukville province
Kate Figes ( born Catherine-Jane Figes; 6 November 1957 – 7 December 2019) was an English author and journalist.
Early life and background
Kate Figes was the daughter of the feminist writer Eva (née Unger) and John George Figes. Her brother is the historian Orlando Figes. Their mother's Jewish family fled from Nazi Germany in 1939. Figes's parents divorced when she was aged five, both relating different accounts as to what happened. She left home at 17 after a row with her mother; the relationship between the two women remained difficult for many years.
After graduating in Russian and Arabic from the Polytechnic of Central London (now the University of Westminster), Figes became a sales representative for the Pandora feminist publishing house (an imprint of Routledge Kegan Paul), later a publicist and editor for the same firm. Figes followed her mother's profession, although she only became a full-time writer in her thirties. "It's not easy to believe you can when your own mother is one too", she once said. Following a part-time job as fiction editor for Cosmopolitan, leading to newspaper commissions and her appointment in 1996 as the books editor of You magazine (a supplement of The Mail on Sunday), a post she retained for the rest of her career. She wrote seven books of non-fiction and two novels.
Books
According to Melissa Benn, Figes wrote "several books on women's most profound experiences". Her first book, Because of Her Sex: The Myth of Equality for Women in Britain, was published in 1994, and concerned sexism. Life after Birth (1998) drew on interviews with several hundred interviews with new mothers and was a best-seller in the UK. Rebecca Abrams wrote in The Independent on Sunday, "combines personal opinion, anecdote, medical information, social history and (a few) statistics." A decade later, Abrams described it as "taboo-busting" in laying "bare the secret ambivalence and confusion at the heart of many women's experience of motherhood."
Figes' non-fiction book on adolescence, The Terrible Teens (2002), was followed by two novels, What About Me? The diaries and emails of a menopausal mother and her teenage daughter and its sequel What About Me Too? The Big Fat Bitch Book For Girls (2008) is partly a self-help book for teenagers, while Our Cheating Hearts – Love and Loyalty, Lust and Lies (2013) considered infidelity.
For Couples: the Truth (2010), Figes interviewed 120 men and women in a relationship, both heterosexual and gay, about all aspects of their lives. Cassandra Jardine in The Daily Telegraph wrote that it is "a book that lingers in the mind, with a fundamentally upbeat message".
Personal life
Figes married Christopher Wyld in 1988; Wyld was then a foreign news editor for the BBC. The couple had two, now adult, daughters. Figes said in 2010 that her experience of her parents divorce left its mark on the early years of her own marriage: "I still spent the first 10 years of our marriage wondering when my husband was going to leave me!" Following the birth of her first daughter, Figes suffered from postnatal depression for a few years; diagnosis was somewhat delayed.
With her brother, Figes received naturalisation papers from the German embassy in June 2017. Figes wrote: "We were holding out our hands in forgiveness to shake those of younger Germans, who also bore no responsibility for the past at a time of growing nationalism and suspicion of 'the other' in Europe. All of this had contributed to the making of the decision".
Terminal illness
Figes was diagnosed with triple negative breast cancer in September 2016 which had metastasised. She wrote about her terminal illness in On Smaller Dogs and Larger Life Questions which was published by Virago in 2018.
Figes died at home in London on 7 December 2019.
References
External links
Official website
Kate Figes articles for The Guardian
Kate Figes articles for The Independent
1957 births
2019 deaths
English women writers
English people of German-Jewish descent
was a Japanese novelist, translator of German literature and literary critic in Shōwa period Japan.
Biography
Nakano was born in Ichikawa, Chiba, as the son of a carpenter. He was a graduate of the German literature department of Tokyo University in 1950. From 1952 to 1981, he worked as a professor at Kokugakuin University.
Nakano was noted for his translations of the works of Franz Kafka and Hans Erich Nossack into the Japanese language.
In 1976, he published a collection of essays, Buryugeru e no tabi (“Journey to Bruegel”), which won the Japan Essayist's Club Award. He followed this with an autobiographical series of books: Mugi ururu hi ni (“When the Wheat Ripens”, 1978), which was awarded the Hirabayashi Taiko Literary Prize. Other noteworthy works include Nigai Natsu (“Bitter Summer”, 1979) ad Kisetsu no owari (“The End of the Season”, 1980). Nakano won numerous literary awards in his career, cumulating with the Japan Art Academy Award in 2004.
1925 births
2004 deaths
University of Tokyo alumni
People from Ichikawa, Chiba
People from Kamakura
20th-century Japanese novelists
Japanese essayists
20th-century Japanese translators
20th-century essayists
Genco Arı (born 4 january 1983 in İstanbul) is a Turkish producer, composer, pianist, arranger and mix engineer.
Early life and career
With an IQ of 169, he was accepted to the piano department as a 9-year-old genius. He became the first student to change the conservatory curriculum by skipping 6 grades in the half term. Between 2002 and 2005, he was the head of the Jazz Department at the Istanbul Academy of Fine Arts. 7 out of 10 students were accepted to educational institutions such as the Royal Academy of Arts, Berklee College of Music Sibelius Academy with high achievement and full scholarship.
Discography
Concerto for Four Timpani and Piano
Chamber Music Piece in Four Sonata Forms
- Dome
- Crystal
- Minuet Trio
- Tunes For Şerif Yüzbaşıoğlu
Sonata in C Minor for Piano and Violin (Kırlangıç Yuvası)
Lament for Four Trombones / F Minor
Sonatine for Piano Cello and Flute / G Major
Sonatine for Piano Cello and Flute / B Flat Major
Little Song for Four Violas
Genco Arı Cello Concerto Number One / E Minor
Genco Arı Cello Concerto Number Two / D Flat Major
Genco Arı Cello Concerto Number Three / G Flat Major
Genco Arı Horn and Piano Concerto (Öteki Dünya)
Symphony No:1 / G Minor
Symphony No:2 / C Minor
Symphony No:3 / E Flat Major
Symphony No:4 / E Minor
16 Piano Etudes / Opus: 0-7
Chamber Music for 4 Synthesizers
Bobi
Dikey
Salça
Pastoral
Deminki Parça
Bir ileri Bir Geri
Dün mü
İlkbahar
Büdüt
Documentary Music
Kaska ( the BEST DOCUMENTARY MUSIC 2004)
20000 Crocodiles Under the Sea (TCM)
Instrument Making (TRT)
Red Fish (TRT)
Wild Nature (SAMANYOLU TV)
Quantum Physics (NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC CHAPTER 7 and 8)
Understanding Mesnevi (CHANNEL 7)
One Breath Theater
Life of Macit Flordun
100% Power of Thought (CHAPTER 16 – 17 – 21 – 24) (BLOOMBERG TV)
Soundtrack
I named her Feriha
Escape
It's such a time that
Leaf Fall
Cherry season
My Dersim Is Burning
Kafka
My Sister Mommo
Mummy on the Run
Death Fast
King's fault
Quartet Muartet 9 More Pieces
Wizart (2008) (Antony Jackson, Mike Stern, Dave Weckl, Bob Francescini, Sarp Maden)
I Know
Internal Affair
Are You There
Turkish Pizza
Wiz
Far Beyond
Corners (Composition by Sarp Maden)
Gencology Vol. one
Roswell Camp 1947
Same Shit Different Colors
Fucking Door Ring Cycle
Signal Of Sufism
References
Living people
1983 births
Musicians from Istanbul
Bieniewo-Parcela is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Bieniewo-Parcela
A white wedding is a traditional formal or semi-formal wedding originating in Great Britain.
The term originates from the white colour of the wedding dress, which first became popular with Victorian era elites after Queen Victoria wore a white lace dress at her wedding. The term now also encapsulates the entire Western wedding routine, especially in the Christian religious tradition, which generally includes a church service during which the marriage begins, followed by a reception. The white wedding style was given another significant boost in 1981, when 750 million people watched Charles, Prince of Wales marry Diana Spencer in her elaborate white taffeta dress with an 8 m train. This wedding is generally considered the most influential white wedding of the 1980s.
History of the white dress
Though Mary, Queen of Scots, wore a white wedding gown in 1559 when she married her first husband, Francis Dauphin of France, the tradition of a white wedding dress is commonly credited to Queen Victoria's choice to wear a white court dress at her wedding to Prince Albert in 1840. Debutantes had long been required to wear white court dresses and long white gloves for their first presentation at court, at a "Drawing Room" where they were introduced to the queen for the first time.
Royal brides before Victoria did not typically wear white, instead choosing "heavy brocaded gowns embroidered with white and silver thread," with red being a particularly popular colour in Western Europe more generally. During this time, European and American brides wore a plethora of colours, including blue, yellow, and practical colours like black, brown, or gray. As accounts of Victoria's wedding spread across the Atlantic and throughout Europe, fashionable people followed her lead.
Because of the limitations of laundering techniques before the later part of the 20th century, white dresses provided an opportunity for conspicuous consumption. They were favored primarily as a way to show the world that the bride's family was so wealthy and so firmly part of the leisure class that the bride would choose an elaborate dress that could be ruined by any sort of work or spill.
Although women were required to wear veils in many churches through at least the 19th century, the resurgence of the wedding veil as a symbol of the bride, and its use even when not required by the bride's religion, coincided with societal emphasis on women being modest and well-behaved.
Etiquette books then began to turn the practice into a tradition and the white gown soon became a popular symbol of status that also carried "a connotation of innocence and virginal purity." The story put out about the wedding veil was that decorous brides were naturally too timid to show their faces in public until they were married.
By the end of the 19th century the white dress was the garment of choice for elite brides on both sides of the Atlantic. However, middle-class British and American brides did not adopt the trend fully until after World War II. With increased prosperity in the 20th century, the tradition also grew to include the practice of wearing the dress only once. As historian Vicky Howard writes, "[i]f a bride wore white in the nineteenth century, it was acceptable and likely that she wore her gown again". Even Queen Victoria had her famous lace wedding dress re-styled for later use.
The portrayal of weddings in Hollywood movies, particularly immediately after World War II, helped crystallize and homogenize the white wedding into a normative form.
Other traditions
“Color Wheel Pro” describes white in association with light, goodness, innocence, purity and virginity. White is also often considered to be the color of perfection. As for other significant meanings for white on a wedding day, “colormeaning.com” says, “In color psychology, white is the color of new beginnings — wiping the slate clean. The color white is a blank canvas, just waiting to be written on.” White is the color in Western culture most often associated with beginnings. Christ after the Resurrection is traditionally portrayed dressed in white. In Christianity, children are baptized and first take communion wearing white. Baptisms are especially tied to white since the person is making a religious commitment to be pure and clean before God. Religious rites and the clothing associated with them have always been important, and white is often a common color used to express high religious commitment and purity. In 2018, about 83% of brides in the United States wore white dresses on their big day, according to a survey by Brides Magazine. , For weddings in the temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, white clothing is worn by both the bride and the groom during the ceremony.
The traditional white wedding was not necessarily defined by the color of the dress only. The wedding of Queen Victoria's daughter Victoria, to Prince Fredrick William of Prussia in 1858 also introduced choral music to the processional when standard practice had been to have music of any kind only during a party after the wedding ceremony.
After World War I, as full-scale formal weddings began to be desired by the mothers of brides who did not have a permanent social secretary, the position of the wedding planner, who could coordinate the printer, florist, caterer, and seamstress, began to assume importance. The first edition of Bride's Magazine was published in 1934 as a newspaper advertising insert called "So You're Going to Get Married!" in a column titled "To the Bride", and its rival Modern Bride began publishing in 1949.
The full white wedding experience today typically requires the family to arrange for or purchase printed or engraved wedding invitations, musicians, decorations such as flowers or candles, clothes and flowers for bridesmaids, groomsmen, a flower girl, and a ring bearer. They may also add optional features, such as a guest book or commemorative wedding leaflets. It is common to have a celebration after the wedding ceremony, normally featuring a large white wedding cake.
Participants
Traditional weddings require, in addition to the bride and groom, a marriage officiant, which is a minister, priest, rabbi, imam, or civil officer who is authorized to perform marriages.
Typical white weddings also include a wedding party, which consists of some or all of the following:
Groomsmen or ushers: One or more friends or family members who assist the groom, usually men. The chief groomsman is called the best man, and is given a place of honor. A woman (such as the sister of the groom) is called an honor attendant.
Bridesmaids: One or more friends or family members who support the bride. The chief bridesmaid may be called a maid of honor or matron of honor. A girl too young to be marriageable, but too old to be a flower girl, is called a junior bridesmaid.
Flower girl: A young girl who scatters flowers in front of the bridal party.
Ring bearer: An attendant, often a young boy, who carries the wedding rings.
Typically, these positions are filled by close friends of the bride and groom; being asked to serve in these capacities is seen as an honor, and typically entails some expense.
The ceremony
When the guests arrive for a wedding, the ushers, if any, help the guests take their places. In a typical white wedding ceremony, which is derived primarily from the Christian tradition (inclusive of denominations such as Lutheranism and Anglicanism, for example), the bride and groom will stand side by side at the front of the church before the chancel throughout most or all the ceremony. Consequently, some guests prefer to sit on the side closer to the person they know best. Typically, this means that the bride's family sits on the house left and the groom's family on house right. The front rows are generally reserved for close family members or friends.
Some couples make a ceremony of having their grandparents, step-parents, and parents escorted to their seats immediately before the wedding procession begins. In other cases, these relatives form part of the wedding procession.
Depending on the country, her age and situation, and her personal preferences, the bride may walk alone or be escorted by her father, both of her parents, one or more relatives she wishes to honor, or the groom. In Swedish white weddings, the bride and groom usually go down the aisle together.<ref>{{cite web |url= http://www.brollopstorget.se/Vigseln/vigselakten.php |title= Vigselakten |trans-title= The Wedding Ceremony |publisher= brollopstorget.se |quote= Det vanligaste nuförtiden i Sverige är att brud och brudgum går in i kyrkan tillsammans. |access-date= 22 March 2010}}</ref> Similarly, some couples choose to have the groom escorted to the altar by his family.
Whether the bride is the first or the last of the wedding party to enter the church varies by country. In the US, the bride is typically last, being preceded by the rest of the wedding party. In the UK, she leads the procession, followed by any bridesmaids, flower girls and page boys. Sometimes the groom is already present in the church; other times, he and any groomsmen form part of the procession. The music played during this procession is commonly called a wedding march, no matter what songs are played.
If the wedding is part of a religious service, then technically the service begins after the arrival of the participants, commonly with a prayer, blessing, or ritual greeting. During the ceremony, each partner in the couple makes marriage vows to the other in front of the marriage officiant. The ceremony might include the playing of a prelude, the singing of hymns, and Bible readings, as well as Holy Communion in accordance with the Christian marriage liturgy of the church at which the wedding is held, e.g. Lutheran, Catholic, Presbyterian, Anglican, Methodist, etc.
After the wedding ceremony itself ends, the bride, groom, officiant, and two witnesses generally go off to a side room to sign the wedding register in the United Kingdom or the state-issued marriage license in the United States. Without the signing of the register or the marriage license, a marriage has not legally occurred.
Afterward, guests may cheer the departure of the couple from the church by throwing flower petals, confetti, birdseed, or rice over them. Miniature containers of bubbles are often provided to guest to blow at the couple instead of throwing the previously mentioned items.
The reception
After this, the celebrations shift to a reception at which the newly married couple, as the guests of honor, and the hosts and perhaps members of the wedding party greet the guests in a receiving line. Although now commonly called a reception no matter the style of party, wedding celebrations range from simple receptions to dinner parties to grand wedding balls.
Food is served, particularly including a wedding cake. Wedding cakes are often multi-tiered layer cakes that are elaborately decorated with white icing. Cutting the wedding cake is often turned into a ritual, complete with sharing a symbolic bite of the cake in a rite that harks back to the pagan confarreatio weddings in ancient Rome.
During the reception, a number of short speeches and/or toasts may be given in honor of the couple.
If there is dancing, the bride and groom, as the guests of honor, are expected to be the first people to begin dancing. This is usually termed the bridal waltz, even if the couple has arranged for a different style of music. In Denmark, it is still normal to dance the first dance as a couple to waltz. Some families then contrive a series of arranged dances between the newlyweds and their parents, or other members of the wedding party, with guests expected to watch the performances.
At some point, the married couple may become the object of a charivari, a good-natured hazing of the newly married couple. The nature depends upon the circumstances. In India and other South Asian cultures, guests may try to steal the groom's shoes when he removes them for a religious ceremony and later sell them back to him. This game is sometimes called joota chupai. In Western cultures, guests might tie tin cans or a sign saying "Just Married" to the bumper of the couple's car, if they depart in their own car rather than a hired one.
As the guests of honor, the newly married couple is the first to leave the party. From ancient Rome through the Middle Ages in Europe, wheat kernels were thrown at the bride in a wish for affluence; now it is typical to throw rice, as a symbol of fertility, at the couple as they depart.
Gallery
Photographs from late 19th century, early 20th century, and early 21st century weddings. The first two images show the bride in a black or dark dress. The photographic styles of capturing weddings continues to evolve from posed somber expressions to candid moments showing emotion and joy.
See also
Wedding dress of Queen Victoria
Wedding dress of Lady Diana Spencer
Black wedding
References
External links
Neil Shister, "Queen for a Day... a skeptical look at the modern wedding ritual" from Boston Review'', October/November 1998
Wedding
Wedding dresses
Weddings in the United Kingdom
Victoria Queen
Samuel Porter Putnam (July 23, 1838 - December 11, 1896) was an American freethinker, critic and publicist.
Biography
Putnam was born in Chichester, New Hampshire. His father was a minister of a Congregational church. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1861, then entered the Union Army as a private, and was promoted during the war to a captaincy. In 1865 he entered the theological seminary in Chicago, where he graduated in 1868, and preached for three years thereafter as a Congregational minister in the pulpits of Illinois. In 1871 he became a Unitarian minister, and preached for several years in various states.
He then renounced the Christianity and became an avowed freethinker. He attacked the Bible and Christianity upon the platform, and for 20 years probably making more speeches against them than any other American, speaking almost every day for months together. Putnam was married to Louise Howell for eighteen years, they divorced in 1885 due to religious differences. They had two children.
In 1888 with George E. MacDonald he founded the Freethought journal in San Francisco. It dissolved in 1891. He formed the Freethought Federation of America as president in 1892. It merged with the American Secular Union and became the American Secular Union and Freethought Federation in 1895.
Historian Leigh Eric Schmidt discusses Putnam's life in Village Atheists: How America's Unbelievers Made Their Way In a Godly Nation (2016).
Death
Putnam died from a gas leakage on December 11, 1896. His body was found on the floor with twenty year old lecturer May Collins in her hotel room in Boston. They had planned to go to the theatre together but were "poisoned by illuminating gas."
Publications
Prometheus: A Poem (1877)
Gottlieb: His Life
Golden Throne
Why Don't He Lend a Hand? (1880)
Ingersoll and Jesus (1882)
Waifs and Wanderings: A Novel (1884)
Adami and Heva: A New Version (1886)
The New God (1887)
The Problem of the Universe
My Religious Experience (1890)
Pen Pictures of the World's Fair
Four Hundred Years of Freethought (New York: Truth Seeker Company, 1894)
Notes
References
1838 births
1896 deaths
19th-century American journalists
19th-century American male writers
American atheism activists
American critics
American male journalists
Critics of Christianity
Freethought writers
People from Chichester, New Hampshire
Union Army soldiers
Allan Cumming (born 21 March 1996) is a South African hammer thrower. He won the gold medal at the 2022 African Championships.
His personal best is 73.00 metres, set in 2021 in Potchefstroom, South Africa.
Career
Cumming finished fourth at the 2015 African Junior Championships in Ethiopia, narrowly missing out on the podium. That same year he began competing at the collegiate level for North-West University, breaking the Varsity Sports record with a personal best throw of 58.13 m at his maiden meet in Stellenbosch. He was selected for his first senior international competition, the 2018 African Championships held in Nigeria, though he finished in sixth place after throwing for 67.37 m.
In 2019, Cumming won a bronze medal at the South African Championships before placing eighth at the Summer Universiade in Italy. Cumming won his first senior national title at the 2021 South African Championships, recording a throw of 72.78 m to defeat incumbent champion Tshepang Makhethe. He also won the national university title with a throw of 70.89 m, contributing to North-West University's fifth consecutive team title.
Cumming achieved the double again in 2022, capturing the national title in April and the national university title in May. Then, in June, he captured the continental title at the African Championships in Mauritius with a throw of 69.13 m in the final round, finishing just ahead of Tshepang Makhethe for the gold medal.
Personal life
Cumming's sister, Margo, is the national record holder in the women's hammer throw. The duo both won national championships in 2021.
Cumming earned his Bachelor of Education (BEd) from North-West University.
Achievements
All information taken from World Athletics profile.
Personal bests
International competitions
National championships
National titles
South African Championships
Hammer throw: 2021, 2022
Championships
Hammer throw: 2021, 2022
References
External links
Living people
1996 births
South African male hammer throwers
South African Athletics Championships winners
African Championships in Athletics winners
Competitors at the 2019 Summer Universiade
North-West University alumni
20th-century South African people
21st-century South African people
In the Aztec culture, the Nahuatl word refers to a period of five intercalary days inserted between the 360 days labeled with numbers and day-names in the main part of the Aztec seasonal calendar. Their location was roughly around 5–18 April every Gregorian year.
Etymology
The word means "they fill up in vain". Spanish lexicographers glossed it as , "wasted days". The interpretation is that the Mexicas considered the days unlucky, and most activities (including even cooking) were avoided as far as possible during the period; however this is interpretation is contested.
A more recent minority opinion is that people used the 5 day period to reflect over the past year, and that this contemplation often included a period of fasting.
Position in Aztec calendar
Each of the 18 Aztec "months" had 20 days, for a total of 360 days. The accounted for the remaining 5 whole days in the nearly 365 ¼ day tropical year (365.2422, actual). There were no "leap days" or "leap years" per-se, so over the course of 52 calendar years of 365 days each, the calendar accumulated a deficit of 13 days, which the Julian calendar (for example) accommodates by adding leap days once every four years.
According to Tunnicliffe (1979) the Aztecs dealt with the remaining fractional-day discrepancy with the true tropical year length by adding a (13 days) after each bundle of 52 years. The 13 days were not considered unlucky, but they were not labeled using the numbers and symbol combinations used for the rest of the Aztec calendar.
References
Aztec mythology and religion
Aztec calendars
Nuuksio (Finnish) or Noux (Swedish) is a district of Espoo, a city in Finland, best known for the Nuuksio National Park. The Solvalla Sports Institute is also located in Nuuksio.
Etymology
The Finnish name, Nuuksio, comes from the Swedish name, Noux, an old name which has had many forms, such as Noox (1540), Noosis (1541), Nooxby (1552) and Nowx (1556). The name has been thought to have been derived from the Sámi word njukča, meaning swan.
See also
Röylä
Vanha-Nuuksio
Districts of Espoo
References
Districts of Espoo
Espen Salberg (born 28 March 1952 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian ballroom dancer.
See also
Dance in Norway
List of dancers
References
Norwegian male dancers
Ballroom dancers
1952 births
Living people
Entertainers from Oslo
Yanköy, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Onebala zulu is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Walsingham in 1881. It is found in Namibia, South Africa (KwaZulu-Natal, Gauteng), Gambia and Zimbabwe. The Global Lepidoptera Names Index has this name as a synonym of Onebala lamprostoma.
The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewings are brownish fuscous, with a white fascia scarcely beyond the middle pointing obliquely outwards from the costa, and sometimes with an excrescence on its inner edge about the middle of the wing. A white triangular costal spot is found before the apex and the apical margin is marked by a slender whitish line, followed by some blackish scales at the base of the cilia. A pale streak runs along the dorsal margin, its upper half whitish, its lower half ferruginous. The hindwings are pale fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1881
Onebala
Wierzbin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References
Wierzbin
Herbert v. Shanley Co., 242 U.S. 591 (1917), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held hotels and restaurants that perform music must compensate composers, even if the venue is not separately charging patrons to hear the music.
The decision legitimized ASCAP, a group founded to collect license fees from businesses that wanted to play performance recordings by its members.
Because this case determined that playing music at the restaurants was an indirect way of profiting from the copyrighted music, it raised the question of what sort of indirect use would be too indirect to constitute infringement. Broadly speaking, this question was not anticipated by the Copyright Act and judges considered this a thorny problem. Nevertheless, courts made decisions indicating that commercial radio broadcasts and uses in advertising were sufficiently direct.
References
External links
1917 in United States case law
United States copyright case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the White Court
Yuri Dmitriyevich Maslyukov (Russian: Юрий Дмитриевич Маслюков; 30 September 1937 – 1 April 2010) was a Russian politician who was in charge of the Gosplan for three years preceding the demise of the Soviet Union and first deputy prime minister in 1998–1999.
Early life
Yuri Maslyukov was born on 30 September 1937 in the Leninabad in Tajik SSR. He graduated from the Leningrad Mechanical Institute.
Political career
Maslyukov served several positions within both the Soviet Union and the Russian Federation. Within the CPSU, he was candidate member of the Central Committee's Politburo in 1988-1989 and full member from September 20, 1989 to July 14, 1990. Prior to the collapse of the Soviet Union, he held several high-ranking positions with the CPSU, including the post of First Deputy Defense Industry Minister of the Soviet Union. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union he joined the Communist Party of the Russian Federation (CPRF).
Maslyukov was the only Communist member of the Russian Cabinet under Boris Yeltsin, serving as First Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation in the wake of the 1998 Russian financial crisis. He ultimately served as a member of the Committee on Budget Issues and Taxes of the State Duma, until his death on 1 April 2010.
Decorations and awards
Order of Lenin
Order of the October Revolution
Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Order of the Badge of Honour
Diploma of the Government of the Russian Federation
(1997) - for services to the state and many years of hard work
(1999) - for services to the state and many years of hard work
(2002) - for long-term productive state activities
Gratitude of the Government of the Russian Federation (2007) - for long-term and fruitful state activities
References
1937 births
2010 deaths
People from Khujand
Burials in Troyekurovskoye Cemetery
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Communist Party of the Russian Federation members
Russian communists
Soviet engineers
20th-century Russian engineers
Politburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
People's commissars and ministers of the Soviet Union
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Tajikistani people of Russian descent
Deputy heads of government of the Russian Federation
Second convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Third convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Fourth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Fifth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
The 2011 Rafael Nadal tennis season officially began on January 2 with the start of the 2011 ATP World Tour.
Calendar
The January–June tournaments listed on Nadal's calendar at his official site as of 4 January 2011.
Year summary
All matches
Singles
Source (ATP)
Doubles
See also
2011 Roger Federer tennis season
2011 Novak Djokovic tennis season
References
External links
ATP tour profile
{himanshusr}}
Rafael Nadal tennis seasons
Nadal season
The Gotham Independent Film Award for Best Ensemble Cast was one of the annual Gotham Independent Film Awards awarded between 2005 and 2012. The award was called Gotham Independent Film Award for Best Ensemble Performance between 2008 and 2012.
Since 2014, a similar award is occasionally given as a special non-competitive award.
Winners and nominees
2000s
2010s
Special non-competitive awards
2014: Foxcatcher – Steve Carell, Mark Ruffalo, and Channing Tatum
2015: ''Spotlight – Billy Crudup, Brian d'Arcy James, Michael Keaton, Rachel McAdams, Mark Ruffalo, Liev Schreiber, John Slattery, and Stanley Tucci 2016: Moonlight – Mahershala Ali, Naomie Harris, Alex Hibbert, André Holland, Jharrel Jerome, Janelle Monáe, Jaden Piner, Trevante Rhodes, and Ashton Sanders 2017: Mudbound – Jonathan Banks, Mary J. Blige, Jason Clarke, Garrett Hedlund, Jason Mitchell, Rob Morgan, and Carey Mulligan 2018: The Favourite – Olivia Colman, Emma Stone, and Rachel Weisz 2020: The Trial of the Chicago 7 – Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Sacha Baron Cohen, Caitlin FitzGerald, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Kelvin Harrison Jr., Michael Keaton, Alice Kremelberg, Frank Langella, Eddie Redmayne, Mark Rylance, Ben Shenkman, and Jeremy Strong 2021: The Harder They Fall'' – Zazie Beetz, Deon Cole, RJ Cyler, Danielle Deadwyler, Idris Elba, Edi Gathegi, Regina King, Delroy Lindo, Jonathan Majors, Lakeith Stanfield, and Damon Wayans Jr.
Multiple competitive awards
2 awards
Philip Seymour Hoffman
Multiple competitive nominations
3 nominations
Philip Seymour Hoffman
2 nominations
Kathy Baker
Bob Balaban
Jack Black
Don Cheadle
George Clooney
Jeff Daniels
Rosemarie DeWitt
Mark Duplass
Jesse Eisenberg
William Fichtner
Rebecca Hall
LisaGay Hamilton
Anne Hathaway
John Hawkes
Ciarán Hinds
Catherine Keener
Jennifer Lawrence
Jennifer Jason Leigh
Laura Linney
Michael Shannon
David Strathairn
Emily Watson
Michelle Williams
See also
Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture
Satellite Award for Best Cast – Motion Picture
Robert Altman Award
References
Best Ensemble Cast
Film awards for Best Cast
Awards established in 2008
Awards disestablished in 2012
The Longtaitou Festival (), also known as the Eryue'er Festival（二月二）, is a traditional Chinese festival held on the second day of the second month of the Chinese calendar. Its name means "Dragon raising its head" because the dragon was regarded as the deity in charge of rain, an important factor in ancient agriculture. The festival is sometimes simply called "2 Month 2" (Er Yue Er, 二月二) for short.
The festival is celebrated around the time of Jingzhe, one of the 24 solar terms (節氣). The phrase Jing Zhe (驚蟄) has the meaning of awakening of the hibernated (implying insects). Jing (驚) is startling, and Zhe (蟄) is hibernated (insects). This is the time during which the hibernating insects begun to wake up at the beginning of early spring, which is often accompanied by the arrival of the first rains, meaning the weather is getting warm. Longtaitou Festival is an important worship ritual of wishing for good harvest in the coming months. In addition to paying homage to the Dragon King, Tu Di Gong is also worshipped. Another ancient practice to celebrate Longtaitou Festival was to get rid of insect pests in homes via fumigation by burning various herbs with recognized insect repellent effects.
Today, Longtaitou Festival is celebrated in various ways, most of which are still identical to those practiced in the ancient times, including eating Chinese pancakes (春饼) and dragon beard noodles. It is an auspicious day for people to get a haircut, after month-long time without cutting hair in January for Lunar New Year. Women and children carry Perfume bags filled with the powder of ground fragrant herbs for good fortune, though they are no longer used as insect repellent as in ancient times.
Another ancient celebration still practiced today is that Longtaitou Festival is the first day of the Taihao (太昊) temple fair that lasts until the third day of the third month of the lunar calendar. The fair is a celebration of ancestral deities Fuxi and Nüwa, and the Longtaitou Festival marks the beginning of this celebration.
There were ancient traditions practiced during the festival that are no longer part of the modern celebrations, including:
Women should not practice sewing because needles could puncture the eyes of dragon.
Plant ashes were spread around the house, and then inside the house, and finally around the earthen jug, to symbolize inviting the dragon to provide enough rain for good harvests.
In Guang zhong province it is considered as the birth of land god, people use firecrackers to pray for good weather and good grain.
Due to worship of the dragon, some people eat food with the word " dragon" to bring good luck and good weather all year round.
The Zhonghe Festival was an official festival and holiday in the Tang and Song Dynasties, celebrated on the day before the Longtaitou Festival: on the first day of the second month of the Chinese calendar.
Public holidays in China
Festivals in China
Observances set by the Chinese calendar
See also
Chunshe (Spring Community Day)
Ken Sparks (February 25, 1944 – March 29, 2017) was an American football coach and player. He served as the head football coach at Carson–Newman University in Jefferson City, Tennessee from 1980 until his retirement at the end of the 2016 season. He is currently the record-holder for the most wins as a coach in NCAA Division II history. His Carson–Newman Eagles won five NAIA Championships (1983–1984, 1986, 1988–1989), and were three times runners-up in the NCAA Division II playoffs (1996, 1998, and 1999).
Biography
Sparks was born in Knoxville, Tennessee. He played college football as a wide receiver at Carson–Newman and graduated from the school in 1968. He was football coach at Gibbs High School in Knoxville. The next year, he received a master's degree from Tennessee Technological University where he also coached quarterbacks and receivers. He coached at Morristown East High School in Morristown, Tennessee.
In the early 1970s, Sparks was an assistant coach on the Carson–Newman football team that was a runner-up in the NAIA championship game. He coached the school's track team and he was named Southern Collegiate Track Coach of the Year. In 1977, he returned to Carson-Newman where he coached the track team.
In the fall, he coached at Farragut High School in Knoxville where he accumulated a 29–5 record. Among his players was Bill Bates.
Following his string of successes, Carson-Newman built the new Burke–Tarr Stadium in 2005.
Sparks, who was once Fellowship of Christian Athletes National Coach of the Year, actively pursues a Christian aspect in his coaching and is a popular public speaker. He was quoted as saying that, if football can be used as a tool to bring people to the Lord, then "it has done something. If it hasn't, we haven't done a thing, no matter how many games we won."
After 37 years as the head coach at Carson-Newman University, Ken Sparks announced his retirement on November 14, 2016, at a press conference in the Ken Sparks Athletic Complex on the campus of Carson-Newman University.
Sparks died March 29, 2017, after a four-year battle with prostate cancer.
Head coaching record
College
See also
List of college football coaches with 200 wins
List of presidents of the American Football Coaches Association
References
External links
Carson–Newman profile
1944 births
2017 deaths
Carson–Newman Eagles football coaches
Carson–Newman Eagles football players
Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football coaches
High school football coaches in Tennessee
Tennessee Technological University alumni
People from Knoxville, Tennessee
Deaths from prostate cancer
Deaths from cancer in Tennessee
Spirocercidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Spirurida.
Genera
Genera:
Ascarops van Beneden, 1873
Cyathospirura Baylis, 1934
Didelphonema Wolfgang, 1953
References
Nematodes
Catherine Cannuli (born 3 March 1986) is an Australian soccer coach and former player who is coach of the Western Sydney Wanderers in the W-League. She played national league football in the Women's National Soccer League for the NSW Sapphires and the W-League for Sydney FC, Brisbane Roar and Western Sydney Wanderers. She also played for Inter Lions in the NSW Women's Premier League. She also played four times for Australia.
Playing career
Club career
Cannuli began playing soccer at the age of seven for the Marconi Stallions, initially playing in a team where she was the only female player.
Cannuli played for the NSW Sapphires in the Women's National Soccer League (WNSL) from the 2000–01 WNSL season. She played in the Sapphires' championship-winning team in 2003.
In 2004, Cannuli stepped away from the game, returning in 2008 with Inter Lions. She was soon invited to train with Sydney FC.
Ahead of the 2011 W-League season, Cannuli joined Brisbane Roar where she played 11 matches in a single season in the Queensland capital.
On 31 January 2014, Cannuli announced her retirement at the conclusion of the season. In her last home match for Western Sydney Wanderers, during the Sydney Derby, Cannuli scored a penalty with the last kick of the match.
International career
Cannuli made her debut for the Matildas on 12 May 2011 in a 3–0 friendly win against New Zealand at Bluetongue Stadium, Gosford. Cannuli then scored her first goal on 15 May 2011 in another friendly against New Zealand in a 2–1 win at Bluetongue Stadium, Gosford.
Coaching career
Beginning in 2016 Cannuli she started working as a technical director overseeing women's football with the Southern Districts Soccer Football Association (SDSFA). She is also a playing coach of the association's team, SD Raiders, in the New South Wales State League Women's competition. She led the Raiders to the State League Women's championship in 2016.
In October 2017, after leading SD Raiders to back-to-back Grand Final victories, Cannuli joined Western Sydney Wanderers as an assistant coach under Richard Byrne.
In June 2021, Dean Heffernan stepped down from his coaching role and Cannuli was promoted to be head coach of the team.
Honours
Club
With NSW Sapphires:
Women's National Soccer League Championship: 2003
With Sydney FC:
W-League Premiership: 2009
W-League Championship: 2009
Individual
Women's National Soccer League Golden Boot: 2003–04
References
1986 births
Australian women's soccer players
Australian people of Italian descent
Living people
Sydney FC (A-League Women) players
Brisbane Roar FC (A-League Women) players
Western Sydney Wanderers FC (A-League Women) players
A-League Women players
Women's association football forwards
Australia women's international soccer players
Soccer players from Sydney
"Santa and the Satellite" was the fifth single released by Buchanan & Goodman. Dickie Goodman again supplies most of the dialogue, and features disc jockey Paul Sherman in place of Bill Buchanan.
This single was more of a seasonal take on the "Flying Saucer" records. The United States government tries to save Santa Claus from the spacemen on the satellite. Goodman's character, John Cameron-Cameron, helps Santa escape by disguising himself as Elvis Presley.
The record was moderately successful, peaking at #32 on the Billboard chart in 1957.
Songs
The songs sampled were:
Part One:
"Jingle Bells"
"Black Slacks" by Joe Bennett & the Sparkletones
"Keep A-Knockin'" by Little Richard
"Little Bitty Pretty One" by Thurston Harris
"All I Want for Christmas Is My Two Front Teeth" by Spike Jones & His City Slickers
"Jailhouse Rock" by Elvis Presley
"Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin On" by Jerry Lee Lewis
Part Two:
"Back to School Again" by Timmie Rogers
"Wake Up Little Susie" by The Everly Brothers
"Keep A-Knockin'" by Little Richard
"Little Bitty Pretty One" by Thurston Harris
"Silhouettes" by The Rays
1957 singles
Dickie Goodman songs
American Christmas songs
Christmas novelty songs
Songs about Elvis Presley
Songs about Santa Claus
Songs about outer space
1952 songs
Maré Island or Nengone () is the second-largest of the Loyalty Islands, in the archipelago of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. The island is part of the commune (municipality) of Maré, in the Loyalty Islands Province of New Caledonia.
Geography
The island is long and 16 to 33 km (10 to 20 miles) wide. It lies northeast of Grande Terre, New Caledonia's mainland. Like its neighbor to the north Lifou, Maré is a raised coral atoll, a former atoll that has been lifted about 120 meters. The interior of the island is the former lagoon, surrounded by a rim of higher land that was the ring of reef islets. Its fossil coral rock is honeycombed with caves, pools, and pits of all sizes, whose sharp edges make for difficult walking. Because of the lifting, the current shoreline is relatively recent and supports only short sections of nearshore fringing reef, unlike the extensive barrier reef found on the main island of New Caledonia, Grande Terre. The narrow beaches of Maré are often backed by cliffs.
Villages include, from north-southwards, Roh, Thogone, Kaewatine, Tenane, Hnawayaca, Wakuaori, Menaku, Padawa, Kaewaura, Pakada, Atha, Tadurehmu, Nece, La Roche, Tuo, Miramas, Wakone, Hanadid, Rawa, Tawainedr, Mebuet, Tadine, Cuaden, Cengeite, Penelo, Patho, Wabao, Medu, Kurin, and Eni.
Climate
Maré Island has a tropical monsoon climate (Köppen climate classification Am). The average annual temperature in Maré Island is . The average annual rainfall is with March as the wettest month. The temperatures are the highest on average in February, at around , and lowest in August, at around . The highest temperature ever recorded in Maré Island was on 13 February 2016; the coldest temperature ever recorded was on 27 August 1979.
Commune
The commune of Maré is made up of Maré Island and the much smaller Dudune Island, which lie among the Loyalty Islands, to the northeast of New Caledonia's mainland. The settlement of Tadin, on Maré Island, is the administrative centre of the commune of Maré.
People
The population of Maré is about 6,900, of mainly Melanesian heritage (less than 2% of the population is of European ancestry). The indigenous language is Nengone, one of the Austronesian languages, widely spoken in island regions from Madagascar to Indonesia, coastal New Guinea and on most Pacific islands. There are two small towns of Tadine and La Roche, but most Maréans live in tribes associated with one of 29 chieftaincies (chefferie), that are closed to outsiders. Maréans are often fervent Christians, following extensive missionary activity by the competing Protestant (London Missionary Society) and Catholic (Marist)churches during the late 19th century. Sectarian hostility has led to episodic intertribal violence over the years.
Maré has produced several important leaders of the militant Front de Libération Nationale Kanak Socialiste (Kanak Socialist National Liberation Front, or FLNKS), which seeks independence from France. The Front was founded by a former grand chief of Maré, Nidoish Naisseline around 1970. Another Maréan, Yeiwene Yeiwene, was deputy to the Front's leader Jean-Marie Tjibaou during the violence of the early 1980s and the signing of the Matignon Accords on 26 June 1988 that brought peace. Seen as traitors by militant elements of the FLNKS, Tjibaou and Yeiwene were assassinated on the island of Ouvea on 4 May 1989. The gravesite of Yeiwene by the sea near Tadine on the west coast of Maré is maintained with often-renewed flower garlands.
European sighting
The first recorded sighting of Maré Island by a European occurred around August 1793. William Raven, master of Britannia was sailing to Batavia from Sydney, to procure provisions for the penal colony there.
Citations
External links
Communes of New Caledonia
Islands of New Caledonia
Loyalty Islands
Donald Jay Cohen (September 5, 1940 – October 2, 2001) was an American psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, and director of the Yale Child Study Center and the Sterling Professor of Child Psychiatry, Pediatrics and Psychology at the Yale School of Medicine. According to the New York Times, he was "known for his scientific work, including fundamental contributions to the understanding of autism, Tourette's syndrome and other illnesses, and for his leadership in bringing together the biological and the psychological approaches to understanding psychiatric disorders in childhood"; his work "reshaped the field of child psychiatry". He was also known as an advocate for social policy, and for his work to promote the interests of children exposed to violence and trauma.
Personal life and education
Donald Jay Cohen was born in Chicago, Illinois on September 5, 1940. His father was a businessman. His family says that when he "was five years old he went up to his room to study and never came down". According to his son-in-law and later colleague Andrés Martin, Cohen was an "observant Jew with deep ties to Israel and a lifelong preoccupation with the Holocaust", who described himself as a "Jewish boy of humble origins growing up in Chicago".
Cohen graduated summa cum laude from Brandeis University in 1961, with a BA in philosophy and psychology, and studied philosophy at Cambridge University on a Fulbright fellowship. He obtained his MD in 1966 from Yale School of Medicine, and completed his general and child psychiatry residency at Massachusetts Mental Health Center and Children's Hospital, in Boston and Washington, DC. According to The New York Times, Cohen said that "as a student he honed his fund-raising skills working as a copywriter for a mail order catalog, extolling the virtues of women's hats and other merchandise". He was described as "an avid scholar who loved French poetry and German philosophy, as well as science and medicine".
Cohen died in New Haven, Connecticut of ocular melanoma on October 2, 2001, at the age of 61; he was survived by his wife, Phyllis Cohen, a psychoanalyst at the Yale Child Study Center, four children, and five grandchildren, two brothers, and his mother.
Career
Medical
Cohen joined the Yale School of Medicine in 1972. Along with other researchers, he had begun looking at non-psychological (organic) causes for Tourette syndrome (TS) by 1976. Cohen was named the director of the Yale Child Study Center in 1983—a position he held until his death in 2001. In 2000, he was named the Sterling Professor of Child Psychiatry, Pediatrics and Psychology at Yale. At Yale, he studied personality development, TS management, the effects of stress on developing children, and the interplay between genetic and environmental factors in neuropsychiatric disorders.
According to a former commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, Cohen "moved child psychiatry into the biological era, but he continued to put emphasis on the psychological and social aspects affecting child development". According to the Yale Bulletin, Cohen made "groundbreaking contributions in biological psychiatry, clinical care and the development of international collaborations in child psychiatry". As a "pioneer" in autism and Tourette syndrome research, he proposed treatments for TS which "opened new avenues to treating and understanding the disorder". His colleague Andrés Martin said his work with autism "was in large part devoted to understanding and listening to those same individuals who had been written off as incapable of communicating meaningfully and to following the string of their social communicative mishaps to their deepest core".
At Yale, Cohen helped found the International Working Group on Children and War, and the Yale-New Haven Child Development Community Policing Program, to train first responders to help children exposed to violence and trauma; police were trained to call in the Yale Child Study Center professionals in instances of violence or trauma involving children. Martin said, "he dedicated much of his later career to addressing the mental health needs of children in poor and war-torn nations".
Appointments
Cohen became a vice-president of the International Association of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and Allied Professions (IACAPAP) in 1986, and was president from 1992 to 1998, where his work fostered "international collaborations in research and clinical care". According to the Yale Bulletin, he was proud of his work in helping to promote child psychiatry in Gaza and in creating the Eastern Mediterranean Association of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and Allied Professions (EMACAPAP), for which he served as chair of the international scientific committee. He served as vice-president of the board of governors of Yale University Press, was an analyst at the Western New England Institute of Psychoanalysis, and was a member of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences. He held additional chair appointments with the Child Health and Development Institute, the International President of the Telefon Azzuro Foundation in Italy, and Schneider Children's Hospital of Israel. He served on editorial boards in the United States as well as in France, Israel, and Great Britain.
Other achievements
Cohen was also known as an "institutional builder"; he is credited with transforming three buildings at Yale to help give the Yale Child Study Center prominence (the Children's Psychiatric Inpatient Service, the Harris-Provence Child Development Unit, and the Nelson and Irving Harris Building), obtaining "prominent and central locations at the medical school for each of these buildings". He also helped bring kosher kitchens to the university.
Publications
Cohen authored or co-authored more than 300 professional articles and 159 book chapters, including "the definitive textbooks on pervasive developmental disorders and on tic disorders". His books include:
Handbook of Autism and Pervasive Developmental Disorders, Diagnosis, Development, Neurobiology, and Behavior (volume 1),
Tourette's Syndrome -- Tics, Obsessions, Compulsions: Developmental Psychopathology and Clinical Care,
Tourette's Syndrome and Tic Disorders: Clinical Understanding and Treatment,
Life Is with Others: Selected Writings on Child Psychiatry,
The Yale Child Study Center Guide to Understanding Your Child: Healthy Development from Birth to Adolescence,
He inspired the production of the "first Israeli textbook of child psychiatry in Hebrew, the first modern textbook of child psychiatry in China and a new textbook of child psychiatry in South Korea".
Legacy
Colleagues said Cohen "blended a profound spirituality with a broad understanding of science and clinical work"; friend Joe Lieberman described him as someone who "did more in his 61 years than most anyone else could ever hope to accomplish in a lifetime ... a true professional, and caregiver and friend to the thousands of people who had the good fortune of knowing him" and a person who "dedicated his life to helping children and adolescents ... working tirelessly to develop and promote programs to assist children". He was described as "a humanist, with tremendous compassion and insight into his patients". Colleague James F. Leckman said, "He fostered the development of the next generation of academic child psychiatrists from many countries, in Europe, Korea, China, as well as Israel", and described him as "committed to forging closer ties between Israel and Palestine through contacts and visits with various psychiatrists, psychologists, and social service agencies active in Gaza and the West Bank."
According to Leckman and colleague Joseph L. Woolston, Cohen's "ability to put children and adults at ease" was "just magical"; Leckman said of Cohen, "To be a good child psychiatrist, you have to be a child at heart, and Donald was always willing to be sort of down there on the floor with the kids." But he was also known for engaging parents; according to the National Child Traumatic Stress Network:Regardless of the disorder he was studying, Dr. Cohen engaged parents to an unprecedented degree. He took their advice in designing his studies and shared his papers with them before submitting them for publication. He called this approach, "participatory research," and the children's families loved him for it.
According to Joe Lieberman:I recently learned from my colleague, Senator Dodd, that Dr. Cohen was the first person to suggest a special health insurance program for children that ultimately became the Children's Health Insurance Program. Today, this program throughout the Nation provides health care for millions of children who would otherwise go without the basic care they need to grow up healthy and flourish.
Recognition
In 2001, The Donald J. Cohen National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative was established "to improve access to care, treatment, and services for children and adolescents exposed to traumatic events and to encourage and promote collaboration between service providers in the field." The Stress Initiative was a bill by Senator Joe Lieberman and approved by both houses of US Congress to amend the Public Health Service Act to recognize Cohen's contributions to victims of violence-related stress.
In 2002, the Donald J. Cohen and Irving B. Harris Center for Trauma and Disaster Intervention was named at Tel Aviv University to honor Cohen's contributions.
Cohen's work was recognized by the National Commission on Children and the American Psychiatric Association (APA); he received the Strecker Award from the Institute of the Pennsylvania Hospital and the Agnes Purcell McGavin Award for Prevention from the APA.
Other programs established in his honor include:
The Donald J. Cohen Fellowship in Developmental Neuroscience at Emory University.
The Donald J. Cohen Fellowship from the International Association for Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and Allied Professions.
The Donald J. Cohen Medical Student Training Program at The Vermont Center for Children, Youth, and Families.
References
1940 births
2001 deaths
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
American psychiatrists
Brandeis University alumni
Jewish physicians
Physicians from Chicago
Tourette syndrome
Yale School of Medicine alumni
Yale Sterling Professors
Yale School of Medicine faculty
20th-century American physicians
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
The Primitive Methodist Magazine was the monthly magazine of the Primitive Methodist Church in Britain, spanning just over a century. It was started in 1821. From 1821, the Magazine was edited by Hugh Bourne, who printed the magazine at Bemersley Farm about 2 miles from Mow Cop. Production was moved to London in 1843 when John Flesher became the Editor. One of the more famous editors was H B Kendall, the writer of three major histories of Primitive Methodism.
The Magazine was initially produced as a paper cover booklet. These were later bound in annual volumes, of which the Englesea Brook Museum of Primitive Methodism has a complete set. Hugh Bourne's printing press is also amongst the exhibits at the Museum. The magazine existed until 1898.
See also
Methodist Recorder
References
External links
Englesea Brook Museum of Primitive Methodism
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Religious magazines published in the United Kingdom
Christian magazines
Defunct magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines published in England
Magazines published in London
Magazines established in 1821
Magazines disestablished in 1898
Duncan Road is a generally northeast-southwest former highway in the northeast of Western Australia and northwest of Northern Territory that links the Victoria Highway with Halls Creek. The road, approximately in length, was designated as National Route 80 from its terminus at Halls Creek through to Nicholson. National Route 80 continued east into the Northern Territory along Buntine Highway (now National Route 96), while Duncan Road snakes its way north, crossing the state border numerous times between Buntine Highway and Victoria Highway.
There are no facilities or fuel centres for the length of the 443 kilometre road.
History
The road began as a 1949 proposal to help the beef industry that was developing in the Kimberley region of Western Australian. The state government requested assistance from the federal government, which was provided as part of the States Grants (Encouragement of Meat Production) Act 1949 in October of that year. Construction of a road linking to Nicholson started in 1950, and was completed in 1956.
Further work occurred after the federal government passed the Western Australian Grants (Beef Cattle Roads) Act 1961. It was part of a scheme to improve export revenue by allocating funds for the construction and upgrading of roads in the north of Australia. The scheme, which ran throughout the 1960s, enabled the upgrading of the route between Wyndham and Nicholson, and its extension to Halls Creek. In 1961, the road was named Duncan Highway after Ron Duncan, the Main Roads District Engineer for the North West from 1940 to 1953.
The highway was decommissioned in July 1976, and renamed Duncan Road. In 1995 the road was reclassified as a local road, transferring control and maintenance from Main Roads Western Australia to the Shire of Halls Creek.
See also
Highways in Australia
List of highways in the Northern Territory
List of highways in Western Australia
References
Kimberley (Western Australia)
Australian outback tracks
Robert H. "Heppy" Heptinstall (20 July 1920 – 5 January 2021) was an English pathologist specialising in renal pathology. He was the chair of the department of pathology at Johns Hopkins Hospital for 19 years.
Career
Heptinstall was born in Great Britain and earned his medical degree from Charing Cross Hospital Medical School in London. He served in the British Army during World War II as part of Force 136, parachuting into Japanese-occupied Thailand to care for freed prisoners of war. After the war, he did postgraduate study under Alexander Fleming. He moved to the United States in 1954 to serve a fellowship at Johns Hopkins Hospital.
From 1960 to 1962 Heptinstall was a visiting professor of pathology at Washington University in St. Louis. In 1962, he moved to Hopkins as a professor. He was appointed acting director of the pathology department in 1966. In 1969 he was named the Baxley professor of pathology, pathologist in chief, and director of the department, titles he held until 1988. He continued at Hopkins as a professor of pathology until 1991 and as a distinguished service professor emeritus until 2014.
His research and publishing on the subject of renal disease helped to establish the link between hypertension, kidney disease, and atherosclerosis. His book Pathology of the Kidney, first published in 1966, is now in its seventh edition and is known as Heptinstall's Pathology of the Kidney. It is described as "the singular textbook on renal pathology" and "the Bible of renal pathology".
Offices held
Offices held included:
President of American Society of Nephrology, 1972–1973
President of the Renal Pathology Society, 1980–1983
Vice president of the International Society of Nephrology, 1981–1984.
Recognition
Recognition during his lifetime included:
Gold medal from the Danish Surgical Society
David M. Hume Memorial Award from the National Kidney Foundation
Jean Hamburger Award from the International Society of Nephrology
In 2011, the Renal Pathology Society renamed its lifetime achievement award as the Robert H. Heptinstall Lifetime Achievement Award.
In 2020 to honor his hundredth birthday, Hopkins established a Robert H. Heptinstall Fellowship.
Personal
He died on 5 January 2021, a few months after his hundredth birthday.
References
British pathologists
Johns Hopkins Hospital physicians
Alumni of Charing Cross Medical School
British Army personnel of World War II
1920 births
2021 deaths
English centenarians
Men centenarians
British expatriates in the United States
Washington University School of Medicine faculty
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Washington University in St. Louis faculty
Methyltestosterone, sold under the brand names Android, Metandren, and Testred among others, is an androgen and anabolic steroid (AAS) medication which is used in the treatment of low testosterone levels in men, delayed puberty in boys, at low doses as a component of menopausal hormone therapy for menopausal symptoms like hot flashes, osteoporosis, and low sexual desire in women, and to treat breast cancer in women. It is taken by mouth or held in the cheek or under the tongue.
Side effects of methyltestosterone include symptoms of masculinization like acne, increased hair growth, voice changes, and increased sexual desire. It can also cause estrogenic effects like fluid retention, breast tenderness, and breast enlargement in men and liver damage. The drug is a synthetic androgen and anabolic steroid and hence is an agonist of the androgen receptor (AR), the biological target of androgens like testosterone and dihydrotestosterone (DHT). It has moderate androgenic effects and moderate anabolic effects, which make it useful for producing masculinization.
Methyltestosterone was discovered in 1935 and was introduced for medical use in 1936. It was made shortly after the discovery of testosterone and was one of the first synthetic AAS to be developed. In addition to its medical use, methyltestosterone is used to improve physique and performance, although it is not as commonly used as other AAS for such purposes due to its androgenic effects, estrogenic effects, and risk of liver damage. The drug is a controlled substance in many countries and so non-medical use is generally illicit.
Uses
Medical
Methyltestosterone is or has been used in the treatment of delayed puberty, hypogonadism, cryptorchidism, and erectile dysfunction in males, and in low doses to treat menopausal symptoms (specifically for osteoporosis, hot flashes, and to increase libido and energy), postpartum breast pain and engorgement, and breast cancer in women. It is specifically approved in the United States for the treatment of hypogonadism and delayed puberty in males and the treatment of advanced inoperable breast cancer in females. It was also approved in low doses in combination with esterified estrogens for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause in women in the United States, but this formulation was discontinued and hence is no longer used.
Methyltestosterone is less effective in inducing masculinization than testosterone, but is useful for maintaining established masculinization in adults.
The dosages of methyltestosterone used are 10 to 50 mg/day in men for common medical uses like hypogonadism and delayed puberty as well as physique- and performance-enhancing purposes and 2.5 mg/day in women for menopausal symptoms. Higher dosages of 50 to 200 mg/day have been used to treat women with inoperable breast cancer that has failed to respond to other therapies, although such dosages are associated with severe irreversible virilization.
Non-medical
Methyltestosterone is used for physique- and performance-enhancing purposes by competitive athletes, bodybuilders, and powerlifters, although it is not commonly used relative to other AAS for such purposes.
Available forms
Methyltestosterone is typically used as an oral medication. It is also available under the brand names Metandren and Oreton Methyl for use specifically by buccal or sublingual administration. Methyltestosterone is available in the form of 2, 5, 10, and 25 mg oral tablets. It was also available in combination with estrogens as esterified estrogens/methyltestosterone (0.625 mg/1.25 mg, 1.25 mg/2.5 mg) and conjugated estrogens/methyltestosterone (0.625 mg/5.0 mg, 1.25 mg/10 mg).
Contraindications
Methyltestosterone should be used with caution in women and children, as it can cause irreversible virilization. Due to its estrogenicity, methyltestosterone can also accelerate epiphyseal closure and thereby produce short stature in children and adolescents. It can worsen symptoms in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia. Methyltestosterone should not be used in men with prostate cancer, as androgens can accelerate tumor progression. The drug should be used with caution in patients with pre-existing hepatotoxicity, due to its own potential for hepatotoxicity.
Side effects
Adverse effects of methyltestosterone include androgenic side effects like oily skin, acne, seborrhea, increased facial/body hair growth, scalp hair loss, increased aggressiveness and sex drive, and spontaneous erections, as well as estrogenic side effects like breast tenderness, gynecomastia, fluid retention, and edema. In women, methyltestosterone can cause partially irreversible virilization, for instance voice deepening, hirsutism, clitoromegaly, breast atrophy, and muscle hypertrophy, as well as menstrual disturbances and reversible infertility. In men, the drug may also cause hypogonadism, testicular atrophy, and reversible infertility at sufficiently high dosages.
Methyltestosterone can sometimes cause hepatotoxicity, for instance elevated liver enzymes, cholestatic jaundice, peliosis hepatis, hepatomas, and hepatocellular carcinoma, with extended use. It can also have adverse effects on the cardiovascular system. AAS like methyltestosterone stimulate erythropoiesis (red blood cell production) and increase hematocrit levels and at high dosages can cause polycythemia (overproduction of red blood cells), which can greatly increase the risk of thrombic events such as embolism and stroke. With long-term treatment, AAS can increase the risk of benign prostatic hyperplasia and prostate cancer. Violent and even homicidal behavior, hypomania/mania, depression, suicidality, delusions, and psychosis have all been associated with very high dosages of AAS.
Interactions
Aromatase inhibitors can be used to reduce or prevent the estrogenic effects of methyltestosterone and 5α-reductase inhibitors can be used to prevent its potentiation in so-called "androgenic" tissues and thereby improve its ratio of anabolic to androgenic activity and reduce its rate of androgenic side effects. Antiandrogens like bicalutamide and cyproterone acetate can block both the anabolic and androgenic effects of AAS like methyltestosterone.
Pharmacology
Pharmacodynamics
As an AAS, methyltestosterone is an agonist of the androgen receptor (AR), similarly to androgens like testosterone and dihydrotestosterone (DHT). It is a substrate for 5α-reductase like testosterone, and so is potentiated analogously in so-called "androgenic" tissues like the skin, hair follicles, and prostate gland via transformation into the more potent AR agonist mestanolone (17α-methyl-DHT). As such, methyltestosterone has a relatively low ratio of anabolic to androgenic activity, with a similar ratio to that of testosterone (close to 1:1), and this makes it among the most androgenic AAS. Due to efficient aromatization into the potent and metabolism-resistant estrogen methylestradiol (17α-methylestradiol), methyltestosterone has relatively high estrogenicity and hence potential for estrogenic side effects such as gynecomastia and fluid retention. The drug possesses negligible progestogenic activity.
Due to its combined disadvantages of a relatively poor ratio of anabolic to androgenic activity, unusually high estrogenicity, and the potential for hepatotoxicity (as with other 17α-alkylated AAS), methyltestosterone has not been used as commonly as many other AAS either in medicine or for physique- or performance-enhancing purposes.
Pharmacokinetics
Absorption
Methyltestosterone has dramatically improved oral bioavailability and metabolic stability relative to testosterone. This difference is due to the C17α methyl group, which results in steric hindrance and prevents metabolism. The oral bioavailability of methyltestosterone is about 70%, and it is well-absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract. Methyltestosterone can also be taken buccally or sublingually. Although effective orally, methyltestosterone is more effective by these non-oral routes, which are said to approximately double its bioavailability and require half the oral dosage.
Circulating levels of methyltestosterone with administration of 1.25 to 2.5 mg/day oral methyltestosterone in women are in the range of 20 to 30 ng/dL. For comparison to testosterone, methyltestosterone is at least as potent as an AAS. However, due to the large decrease in sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels and hence increase in free unbound testosterone caused by methyltestosterone, androgenic effects may be greater than reflected merely by methyltestosterone levels.
Distribution
Methyltestosterone is highly protein-bound, by approximately 98%. The medication has low but significant affinity for human serum sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), about 25% of that of testosterone and 5% of that of DHT.
Metabolism
The biological half-life of methyltestosterone is approximately 3 hours (range 2.5–3.5 hours). The duration of action of methyltestosterone is said to be 1 to 3 days, and is described as relatively short among AAS.
Excretion
Methyltestosterone is excreted 90% in the urine as conjugates and other metabolites, and 6% in feces.
Chemistry
Methyltestosterone, also known as 17α-methyltestosterone or as 17α-methylandrost-4-en-17β-ol-3-one, is a synthetic, 17α-alkylated androstane steroid and a derivative of testosterone differing from it only in the presence of a methyl group at the C17α position. Close synthetic relatives of methyltestosterone include metandienone (17α-methyl-δ1-testosterone) and fluoxymesterone (9α-fluoro-11β-hydroxy-17α-methyltestosterone).
Derivatives
Methyltestosterone and ethyltestosterone (17α-ethyltestosterone) are the parent structures of all 17α-alkylated AAS. Major 17α-alkylated AAS include the testosterone derivatives fluoxymesterone, metandienone (methandrostenolone), and methyltestosterone and the DHT derivatives oxandrolone, oxymetholone, and stanozolol.
Synthesis
A chemical synthesis of methyltestosterone from dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) with methandriol as an intermediate proceeds as follows:
History
Methyltestosterone was first synthesized in 1935 along with methandriol and mestanolone. It was the second synthetic AAS to be developed, following mesterolone (1α-methyl-DHT) in 1934, and was the first 17α-alkylated AAS to be synthesized. The drug was introduced for medical use in 1936.
Society and culture
Generic names
Methyltestosterone is the , , , , and of the drug and its generic name in English and Japanese, while méthyltestostérone is It's and French name and metiltestosterone is It's and Italian name. The generic name of the drug is methyltestosterone in Latin, methyltestosteron in German, and metiltestosterona in Spanish. Methyltestosterone is also known by its former developmental code name NSC-9701.
Brand names
Brand names under which methyltestosterone is or has been marketed for medical use include Afro, Agovirin, Android, Androral, Mesteron, Metandren, Methitest, Methyltestosterone, Methyl Testosterone, Oraviron, Oreton, Oreton Methyl, Testormon, Testovis, Testred, and Virilon, among others.
With an estrogen
Methyltestosterone is available at a low-dose in combination with esterified estrogens for the treatment of menopausal symptoms like hot flashes in women under the brand names Covaryx, Essian, Estratest, Menogen, and Syntest.
Availability
United States
Although it is not commonly used, methyltestosterone is one of the few AAS that remains available for medical use in the United States. The others are testosterone, testosterone cypionate, testosterone enanthate, testosterone undecanoate, oxandrolone, oxymetholone, and fluoxymesterone.
Other countries
Methyltestosterone has also been marketed in many other countries throughout the world.
Legal status
Methyltestosterone, along with other AAS, is a schedule III controlled substance in the United States under the Controlled Substances Act and a schedule IV controlled substance in Canada under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act.
See also
Esterified estrogens/methyltestosterone
Conjugated estrogens/methyltestosterone
References
Further reading
External links
Methyltestosterone - William Llewellyn's Anabolic.org
Androgens and anabolic steroids
Androstanes
Aphrodisiacs
Bodybuilding
Doping in sport
Enones
Erectile dysfunction drugs
Female sexual dysfunction drugs
Hepatotoxins
Hormonal antineoplastic drugs
Synthetic estrogens
Tertiary alcohols
Testosterone
World Anti-Doping Agency prohibited substances
Howard Porter Drew (June 28, 1890 – February 19, 1957) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
An inspirational African-American athlete, Drew was once considered the "world's fastest man", known as the first great black sprinter, and went from being an Olympic track athlete to serving in World War I to becoming a judge in Hartford, Connecticut later in life.
Early life
Born in Lexington, Virginia, Howard Drew and his family settled in Springfield, Massachusetts, in 1904. His father was a Baptist minister, and both parents agreed they did not want to raise Howard in the Jim Crow south.
A graduate from Springfield (Central) High School, Drew showed exceptional athletic abilities even upon entering high school. Known for winning track meets—regardless of sporting apparel—he soon became recognized nationally, later setting world records in the 50, 100 and 220-yard dash. In his early years in high school it had “been said that he often raced the horses going to a fire, since few men in the area would compete with him” (Davis-Harris).
This all took place while in high school. Drew scored more points individually than other high school teams during track meets, and he had already tied world records at the midpoint of his high school athletic career. He is known for winning his first two races in high school (age 15) wearing his own shorts that he made and, on top of this, he won one race barefooted and one race wearing what would today be called cleats. But for him, these cleats were his own creation of inserting nails into his track shoes and cushioning this with leather.
Drew impressed everyone by winning the first 100-yard dash with these cleats, and the next 440-yard dash on cinder track without anything on his feet at the Fourth of July “Springfield City Games” that year (AAR).
Life and legacy
Athletic career
Drew's multi-faceted life served as a powerful model for young black men, especially considering the bravery and fortitude he exemplified during his time of maturity. Drew's career begins as someone who dropped out of high school to support this family, only to return in 1910 (age 20) to begin setting track records and dominating both baseball and football opponents. He was a star football athlete, playing running back on the Springfield Football Team made up of players from all high schools in Springfield. He, alongside Bertram Smith and Hobart Johnson were the starts in the years of 1907-1910 (Davis-Harris)).
Drew won the Harvard Stadium Olympic qualifiers and went on to win the US Trials in Michigan through the personal support of Jack Sullivan, current head of the National AAU, as well as donations received from the Springfield newspapers bringing Drew's name to fame. He set the world record at the time for the 100yd dash, as he cruised past one of the fastest Americans at the time, Ralph Craig. Ongoing support, even from the Mayor of Boston, enabled Drew to go to Sweden for the 1912 Stockholm Olympics. Here he won the initial races but threw out one of his legs while stepping on a soft spot on the track as he still won first place in the 100m semi-final. Nevertheless, Drew didn't have the fastest time at Stockholm - healthy or not - that went to D.F. Lippincott who ran 10.6 for the Olympic record in a heat which lasted until 1932. Lippincott finished second to Ralph Craig in the 100 final. The next year Lippincott tied Drew's 100 yard record of 9.6.
While at USC (1913-1916) he, quite naturally, tied or set the world records (ranging from 30 to 250 yd dashes) and caught the attention of the press as the first person to ever be called “the fastest man in the world”—as well as “Crack Colored Sprinter,” “Negro Dash Man” and more. And were it not for World War I there would have been an Olympics in 1916. Drew was pushing his 30s in 1920 and did not make the cut.
Education, enlisting in the U.S. Army
Drew had always strived to be a strong student academically and athletically. He frequently wrote as a journalist for the local newspaper, and he received all A's on average during his college years at USC. Later doing graduate studies at Drake University, he blended his abilities, serving as a motivational speaker and track coach while at Drake.
Around this time it is noted that in 1915 he was captured in the “Education Number” special of the NAACP's The Crisis, and also met Booker T. Washington—which was one of the signifying moments in defining the status of Howard Porter Drew (Coach Larry—see pdf below).
But Drew never let go of his intellectual abilities, even though he took time off to enlist in World War I. He later became the Victory Medal award-winning sergeant for the Supply Company, 809th Pioneer Infantry Regiment, and the 88th Division of the U.S. Army. He coached Army track teams while in France and was Honorably Discharged in 1919—receiving the Victory Medal and a defensive bar for his actions and service.
Later years
Having been honorably discharged, he relentlessly went on to take advantage of this time to pass the bar exam in 1920 in Connecticut. He soon moved to Hartford to become one of four black attorneys at the time. He married Dora Helen Newcomb. They welcomed Howard Jr. and Jean into their lives shortly after. His reputation in Hartford grew as he was both assistant clerk and a judge. He had been the Justice of the Peace in the 1940s, setting records in the arena of being the first Black man in Connecticut to do such things. During World War II he served on the local draft board.
Drew died at the U.S. Veterans Hospital in West Haven, Connecticut (Black Past), and he now rests just north of Hartford, near where he raised his family.
See also
List of first minority male lawyers and judges in Connecticut
References
External links
Howard P. Drew –The Original World's Fastest Human by Larry Libow
, article in Track & Field News, 2006
1890 births
1956 deaths
American male sprinters
Baseball players from Kentucky
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Olympic baseball players of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Baseball players at the 1912 Summer Olympics
World record setters in athletics (track and field)
People from Lexington, Virginia
Baseball players from Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Springfield, Massachusetts
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships winners
Door into Darkness () is an Italian television series conceived by Dario Argento. It consists of four one-hour episodes broadcast in 1973.
Episodes
Reception
In a retrospective review, Troy Howarth in his book on gialli stated that "The Neighbor" was a "pleasant diversion" and "The Tram" was the series highlight. Howarth declared "The Doll" as "sluggish and predictable" while "Eyewitness" a "marked improvement" from "The Doll".
References
Sources
Italian television series
1970s Italian television series
1973 Italian television series debuts
1973 Italian television series endings
Dario Argento
RAI original programming
Epicac or EPICAC may refer to:
EPICAC (short story), by Kurt Vonnegut
Syrup of ipecac, emetic substance often used to induce vomiting
Yurtbekler is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Galitskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 84 as of 2002. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Galitskaya is located 3 km north of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Varnitsy is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Robert Remi "Bob" Crawford (born April 6, 1959 in Belleville, Ontario) is a Canadian-born American retired ice hockey player and coach. He played seven seasons in the National Hockey League between 1979 and 1987 with the St. Louis Blues, Hartford Whalers, New York Rangers, Washington Capitals. After retiring as a player Crawford turned to coaching at the youth level. Two of his brothers, Marc and Lou, also played in the NHL. Internationally Crawford played for the United States junior team at three World Junior Championships.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Coaching career
Crawford's coaching career saw him win multiple championships. He helped the Connecticut Junior Clippers/Wolfpack become one of the top programs in the United States, with over 150 of his players graduating to NCAA Division I college hockey. In 2001 the Clippers won the US National Championship. He also worked on the Board of Directors for USA Hockey, serving as the New England Director.
Crawford also coached East Catholic High School in Manchester, Connecticut.
Outside of coaching, Crawford was the owner/operator of the multi-rink/fitness facility Champions Skating Center which includes the New England Athletic Club, a 35,000 square-foot center that includes a 6-lane, 25-meter pool. He also bought the Bolton Ice Palace and ISCC the International Skating Center of Connecticut. Crawford also worked as director and developer of The City of Hartford "Winterfest" Ice Arena, located outdoors in Hartford's Bushnell Park.
External links
Profile at hockeydraftcentral.com
1959 births
Living people
Binghamton Whalers players
Canadian ice hockey forwards
Cornwall Royals players
Hartford Whalers players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Krefeld Pinguine players
New Haven Nighthawks players
New York Rangers players
Salt Lake Golden Eagles (CHL) players
Salt Lake Golden Eagles (IHL) players
St. Louis Blues draft picks
St. Louis Blues players
Sportspeople from Belleville, Ontario
Washington Capitals players
NXT TakeOver: Tampa Bay was a scheduled professional wrestling show and WWE Network event that was to be produced by WWE. It would have been the 29th NXT TakeOver event held exclusively for wrestlers from the promotion's NXT brand division—TakeOver: In Your House in June in turn became the 29th. The event was originally scheduled to take place on April 4, 2020, from the Amalie Arena in Tampa, Florida, but had been postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The event was ultimately canceled, but matches scheduled and planned for the event were rescheduled to take place across multiple episodes of NXT, starting April 1.
Production
Background
TakeOver was a series of professional wrestling shows that began in May 2014, as WWE's NXT brand held their second WWE Network-exclusive event, billed as TakeOver. In subsequent months, the "TakeOver" moniker became the brand used by WWE for all of their NXT live specials. TakeOver: Tampa Bay would have been the 29th NXT TakeOver event (In Your House in June in turn became the 29th). It was titled Tampa Bay as it was to be held in the Tampa Bay area in Florida and it was scheduled to be a support event for WrestleMania 36.
The event was scheduled to take place on April 4, 2020, from the Amalie Arena in Tampa, Florida, however, like WWE's other WrestleMania week events, TakeOver: Tampa Bay was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On March 24, it was announced that TakeOver: Tampa Bay had been canceled, but matches scheduled and planned for the event were rescheduled to take place across multiple episodes of NXT beginning April 1.
Storylines
The card would have included matches that resulted from scripted storylines, where wrestlers portrayed heroes, villains, or less distinguishable characters to build tension and culminate in a wrestling match or series of matches, with results predetermined by WWE's writers on the NXT brand, with storylines produced on their weekly television program.
Prior to the event's cancellation, only one match had been confirmed for TakeOver: Tampa Bay. On the February 26 episode of NXT, General Manager William Regal announced that there would be a ladder match at the event to determine the number one contender for the NXT Women's Championship. In addition, he revealed that the participants for the ladder match would be determined through a series of qualifying matches held over several weeks. Chelsea Green, Mia Yim, and Tegan Nox qualified for the match by defeating Shotzi Blackheart, Dakota Kai, and Deonna Purrazzo, respectively. Following the announcement of the event's cancellation, the remaining ladder match participants continued to qualify on NXT.
References
External links
2020 American television episodes
Tampa Bay
2020 in professional wrestling
2020 in professional wrestling in Florida
2020 television specials
2020s American television specials
April 2020 events in the United States
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on television
Sports events cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Kluang is a federal constituency in Kluang District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1974.
The federal constituency was created in the 1974 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Kluang constituency has a total of 40 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Kluang District
Johor federal constituencies
The 1971 Nobel Prize in Literature was awarded to the Chilean politician and poet Pablo Neruda (1904–1973) "for a poetry that with the action of an elemental force brings alive a continent's destiny and dreams."
Neruda became the second Chilean Nobel laureate in Literature after Gabriela Mistral in 1945.
Laureate
Pablo Neruda is known for his surrealist poems and historical epics which touches political, human and passionate themes. Among his well known works which are read throughout the world include Veinte poemas de amor y una canción desesperada ("Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair", 1924), which established him as a prominent poet and an interpreter of love and erotica, and Cien Sonetos de Amor ("100 Sonnets of Love", 1959). A diplomat, his official journey in Asia affected him strongly, which is reflected in two volumes of poems titled Residencia en la tierra ("Residence on Earth", 1933 and 1935). Neruda's Communist sympathies reflect in his work Canto General (1939), an epic poem about the whole South American continent.
Nominations
In 1971, the Swedish Academy received 137 nominations for 91 individuals. Neruda received 25 nominations since 1956 and received two nominations which eventually led to him being awarded the 1971 prize. Among the shortlist were Neruda, W. H. Auden, Patrick White (awarded in 1973), André Malraux and Eugenio Montale (awarded in 1975).
The most number of nominations were for Borges and Montale, both receiving 6 nominations. André Malraux was the nominee who had been nominated for most years (22 years) up to 1971. 25 of the nominees were nominated first-time, among them Elie Wiesel, José García Villa, James Baldwin, Arno Schmidt, Georges Schéhadé, William Golding (awarded later in 1983) and Richard E. Kim. The oldest nominee was Jacques Maritain (aged 89) while the youngest was Richard E. Kim (aged 39). Peruvian novelist José María Arguedas was nominated posthumously by the Professor of Scandinavian languages, Elie Poulenard (1901-1985) from University of Strasbourg. Estonian poet Marie Under was the only female nominee.
The authors Aleksandr Tvardovsky, Gaito Gazdanov, Juhan Smuul, Allan Nevins, Walter Van Tilburg Clark, A. P. Herbert, Frank Underhill, André Billy, Peter Fleming, C. D. Broad, Kenneth Slessor, Ogden Nash, Philip Wylie, Waldo Williams, Reinhold Niebuhr, Claude Gauvreau, Daniel de la Vega, Naoya Shiga, and Raicho Hiratsuka died in 1971 without having been nominated for the prize. The Indian novelist Tarasankar Bandyopadhyay and Dutch writer Simon Vestdijk died months before the announcement.
Prize Decision
The Academy's archives later revealed in 2022 that Pablo Neruda was almost denied the Nobel Prize because of his "communist tendencies" and odes to Stalin. While the Nobel committee chair Anders Österling praised Neruda's "poetic natural power and dynamic vitality", he questioned whether the increasingly dominant communist tendency in his poetry is compatible with the purpose of the Nobel prize. In the archives, Österling wrote that "a writer's way of thinking – whether Marxist, syndicalist, anarchist or something else – belongs to his free right. However, Neruda is fully politically involved, including through his hymns to Stalin and other purely propagandistic achievements. On that basis, I have reservations about his candidacy, without, however, wanting to firmly reject it in advance..." Österling had previously spoken out against the candidacy both of Ezra Pound and Samuel Beckett, but was eventually persuaded with Neruda's and Beckett's merits later awarded them the prize, but not Pound.
Reactions
Bo Strömstedt, cultural editor of the newspaper Expressen, suggested ironically that Neruda's appointment to the Paris embassy might have been decisive factor for him being awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature, describing it as "Pension for Diplomats". In an interview, he pointed out that three laureates in the last decade had been diplomats: Saint-John Perse of France, Giorgos Seferis of Greece and Miguel Ángel Asturias of Guatemala. "I call it a Nobel old‐age pension for diplomats," he said. "I think Pablo Neruda is a great poet and a greater artist than Patrick White but like choices that come too late, it's a bit dull. I'm for choosing younger persons who are in the midst of their work."
Nobel lecture
Pablo Neruda delivered a Nobel lecture entitled "Towards the Splendid City" on 13 December 1971, in which he raises some great points about the craft of writing poetry and the poet's relation to society. Neruda expressed: "I believe that poetry is an action, ephemeral or solemn, in which there enters as equal partners solitude and solidarity, emotion and action, the nearness to oneself, the nearness to mankind and to the secret manifestations of nature."
References
External links
Award Ceremony speech nobelprize.org
Nobel diploma nobelprize.org
Banquet speech nobelprize.org
Nobel Prize in Literature
Pablo Neruda
Igora Drive () is a motorsport complex in the resort of Igora near Novozhilovo, Leningrad Oblast, Russia. It is located approximately north of Saint Petersburg.
On 26 June 2021, a contract was announced with the intention of moving the Russian Grand Prix from Sochi Autodrom to Igora starting on 2023 onwards. Due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine in 2022, the contract for the Grand Prix was terminated on 3 March.
Characteristics
The complex includes ten professional tracks for oval track racing, drifting, rally-cross and motocross, and karting, as well a center for emergency management. The largest grandstand of the main circuit racing will accommodate five thousand people, and the total capacity of the circuit is fifty thousand people. The circuit itself was long and wide. In 2022, the circuit length was increased to by featuring of elevation changes instead of .
Competition
In 2019, the complex signed an agreement with the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters series. The contract runs for three years, with the option of a two-year extension. The first race was to be held from 29 to 31 May 2020 with W Series in support, but both races were cancelled as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in Russia. An agreement was also signed with organisers of the FIA World Rallycross Championship to host the World RX of Russia in 2020. However, it was later removed from the schedule due to contractual issues. Igora Drive hosted the second round of the 2020 Russian Circuit Racing Series on 25 and 26 July.
From 2023, the Formula One Russian Grand Prix was initially set to be held at this track. For the Formula One race, the circuit was extended from to at the end of lap, resulting in 20 turns overall from the current 15, with both of the straights extended. However, in the wake of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Russian Grand Prix contract was terminated and all future races cancelled.
Lap records
The official fastest race lap records at the Igora Drive are listed as:
References
External links
Sport in Leningrad Oblast
Motorsport venues in Russia
Racing circuits designed by Hermann Tilke
The 1917 Tie Cup Final was the final match to decide the winner of the Tie Cup, the 18th. edition of the international competition organised by the Argentine and Uruguayan Associations together. The final was contested by Argentine side Wanderers and Uruguayan club Wanderers ,
In the match, played at Estadio Racing Club in Avellaneda, Wanderers beat Independiente (debuting) 4–0, winning its second Tie Cup trophy over three finals played.
Qualified teams
Overview
Independiente earned its place in the final as the winner of 1917 Copa de Competencia Jockey Club, after beating arch-rival Racing in two re-match games (1–1, 0–0, 1–0), Ferro Carril Oeste (3–1 in Caballito), Columbian (2–1), San Lorenzo (2–0), Rosario Central (6–2 in the semifinal) and Estudiantes de La Plata (2–1 in the final).
The final was held in Estadio Racing Club in Avellaneda on April 21, 1918, with a large number of spectators attending the match. On 20 minutes of play, Villar shot for the first goal of the Uruguayan team. The first half ended with Wanderers winning 10. In the second half, Villar ran for the wing to make a pass to Landeira who headed for the second goal.
When Bastos started a large race near the borderline and passed the ball to Villar, who passed to Landeira, kicking for the third goal. On 40 minutes, Villar scored the fourth goal, giving Wanderers its second title. Before restarting the game from the centre circle, one of the spectators entered to the field to hit referee Guassone. He was followed by most part of the attendance, thus causing the match to be suspended before the regulatory time. Wanderers are crowned champion of the competition.
Match details
References
1917 in Argentine football
1917 in Uruguayan football
Football in Avellaneda
Claes Urban Källén (born 12 May 1943) is a Swedish curler.
He is a and a 1970 Swedish men's curling champion.
In 1971 he was inducted into the Swedish Curling Hall of Fame.
Teams
Personal life
Claes' older brother Christer was also a curler and his teammate.
References
External links
Jättebragden i Kanada största ögonblicket för 60-årsfirande Djursholms CK
Svensk Curling nr 2-3 2013 by Svenska Curlingförbundet - issuu
Living people
1943 births
Swedish male curlers
Swedish curling champions
The 1899 Wisconsin Badgers football team represented the University of Wisconsin in the 1899 college football season. Led by fourth-year head coach Philip King, the Badgers compiled an overall record of 9–2 with a mark of 4–1 in conference play, placing second in the Western Conference. The team's captain was Pat O'Dea.
Schedule
References
Wisconsin
Wisconsin Badgers football seasons
Wisconsin Badgers football
Frantic Romantic is the second album by American R&B singer Jermaine Stewart, released in 1986. The album includes Stewart's biggest pop hit, "We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off", as well as the minor follow-up hit, "Jody", for whom Stewart's former Soul Train dance-mate Jody Watley was the inspiration. The album was re-issued on CD on October 18, 2010 by Cherry Red in the UK.
Track listing
"We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off" (Narada Michael Walden, Preston Glass; Gratitude Sky Music/Warner-Tamerlane Music/Warner-Chappell Music-BMI/ASCAP) – 4:54
"Dance Floor" (Jermaine Stewart, Roy Carter) – 4:45
"Jody" (Stewart, Walden, Jeffrey Cohen) – 5:35
"Versatile" (Stewart, Jakko J.) – 4:01
"Frantic Romantic" (Glass, Walden, Glass) – 4:33
"Don't Ever Leave Me" (Walden, Cohen, Stewart) – 5:03
"Out to Punish" (Walden, Glass, Stewart) – 4:54
"Moonlight Carnival" (Stewart, Jakko J., Glass) – 3:47
"Give Your Love to Me" (Stewart, Jakko J.) – 4:25
Note
The single edits of "We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off" are 4:38 and 4:05.
European track listing
"We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off" – 4:54
"Versatile" – 4:01
"Moonlight Carnival" – 3:47
"Don't Ever Leave Me" – 5:03
"Dance Floor" – 4:45
"Jody" – 5:35
"Give Your Love to Me" – 4:25
"Out to Punish" – 4:54
"The Word Is Out" – 3:32
"Frantic Romantic" – 4:33
"We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off" (Special Extended Version) – 5:55
"The Word Is Out" (West Mix – Extended Version) – 6:53
Outtakes:
"Wear Out the Grooves", released on the Perfect soundtrack.
"Don't Wait for the Boys" (written by Jermaine Stewart; Copyright BFG Publishing), released on A Tribute to Jermaine Stewart, Attention.
Charts
Production
Produced By Narada Michael Walden & John "Jellybean" Benitez
Engineers: "Llama" Dave Frazer, Gordon Lyon, Stuart Hirotsu, Mary Ann Zahorsky, Michael Hutchison, Fernando Kral, Mark Roule, Nick, Don Peterkofsky
Note: Back cover of album says "Produced, Reduced & Arranged By Narada Michael Walden.
Personnel
Drums and drum programming: Narada Michael Walden
Percussion: Gregory "G.G." Gonaway, Andy Narell, Mingo Lewis, Sammy Figueroa
Bass guitar: Randy Jackson
Synthesized bass: Randy Jackson, Walter Afanasieff, Preston Glass
Guitars: Corrado Rustici, Eddie Martinez
Keyboards, Synthesizers: Walter Afanasieff, Preston Glass, Jack Waldman
Saxophones: Marc Russo, Russell Tubbs
Trumpet and horn arrangements: Jerry Hey
Programming: Narada Michael Walden, Walter Afanasieff, Preston Glass
All instruments on "Give Your Love to Me" by Jakko J., GG Gonaway and Narada Michael Walden
Mastering Bob Ludwig at Masterdisk
References
1986 albums
Jermaine Stewart albums
Arista Records albums
Albums produced by Narada Michael Walden
Humphreys is a common surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alan Humphreys (born 1939), English former professional footballer
Alastair Humphreys, English cyclist, adventurer, author and motivational speaker
Alf Humphreys (1953–2018), Canadian actor
Andrew Humphreys (1821–1904), U.S. politician
Andrew A. Humphreys (1810–1883), U.S. Army officer and Union general
Anthony Humphreys (born 1971), Australian cricketer
Arthur Humphreys (1917–2003), British former managing director of International Computers Limited (ICL)
Ben Humphreys (1934–2019), Australian politician
Benjamin G. Humphreys (1808–1882), U.S. politician and Confederate Army general
Benjamin G. Humphreys II (1865–1923), U.S. politician
Billy Humphreys, English footballer
Bob Humphreys (disambiguation)
Cecil Humphreys (1883–1947), British film actor
Charles Humphreys (1714–1786), U.S. miller, Continental Congressman from Pennsylvania
Chris Humphreys, British novelist and actor
Christine Humphreys, Welsh politician
Christmas Humphreys (1901–1983), British High Court judge and founder of the London Buddhist Society
Colin Humphreys (born 1941), British physicist and author (Biblical studies)
Conrad Humphreys (born 1973), English professional sailor
Corinne Humphreys (born 1991), English sprinter
Curtis J. Humphreys (1898–1986), American physicist
David Humphreys (disambiguation)
Ed Humphreys (born 1953), Canadian retired professional ice hockey player
Edward Humphreys (disambiguation)
Eliza Humphreys (1850–1938), English novelist
Emyr Humphreys (1919–2020), Welsh novelist
Francis Humphreys (died 1961), Irish politician
Frederick Humphreys (disambiguation)
George Humphreys (cricketer) (1845–1894), English cricketer
George Humphreys (1863–1945), British civil engineer
George Humphreys (rugby union) (1870–1933), English-born New Zealand rugby union player
Gerry Humphreys (1931–2006), Welsh sound engineer
Gordon Noel Humphreys (1883–1966), British surveyor, pilot, botanist, explorer and doctor
Helen Humphreys (born 1961), Canadian author
Henry Noel Humphreys (1810–1879), a British illustrator, naturalist, entomologist, and numismatist
Humphrey Humphreys (1648–1712), Welsh bishop
Ian Humphreys (born 1982), Northern Irish rugby player
James Humphreys (disambiguation)
Jennett Humphreys (1829/30–1917), English author and poet
Jessica Dee Humphreys (born 1970), Canadian writer
Jere T. Humphreys (born 1949), American music scholar
Jimmy Humphreys (1894–1956), Irish hurler
John Humphreys (disambiguation)
Jonathan Humphreys (born 1969), Welsh rugby player
Josephine Humphreys (born 1945), U.S. novelist
Joshua Humphreys (1751–1838), U.S. ship builder
Kalita Humphreys (1915/1916 - 1954), American actress
Kathryn Humphreys (born 1970), Canadian sports commentator
Kevin Humphreys (disambiguation)
Kirk Humphreys (born 1950), U.S. politician
Laud Humphreys (1930–1988), U.S. sociologist
Lloyd Humphreys (1913–2003), U.S. psychologist
Margaret Humphreys (born 1944), English social worker, author and whistleblower
Neil Humphreys (born 1974), British humour columnist
Marika Humphreys (born 1977), British ice dancer
Michael Humphreys (MP) (died 1626), MP for Dorchester, England
Mike Humphreys (born 1967), American Major League Baseball player
Murray Humphreys (1899–1965), U.S. criminal
Sir Myles Humphreys (died 1998), Northern Irish politician and activist
Nigel Humphreys (born 1951), British actor
Noel Forbes Humphreys (1890–1918), Welsh rugby union international
Onslow Humphreys (born c.1893), Australian rugby union player
Parry Wayne Humphreys (1778–1839), U.S. politician
Paul Humphreys (born 1960), British musician
Percy Humphreys (1880–1959), English international footballer
Peter Humphreys, Papua New Guinea politician
Punter Humphreys (1881–1949), English cricketer
Reg Humphreys (1888–1967), English footballer
Richard Humphreys (disambiguation)
Ritchie Humphreys (born 1977), English footballer
Robert Humphreys (disambiguation)
Robin Humphreys (1907–1999), founder of Latin American studies in the United Kingdom
Russell Humphreys (born 1942), American creationist physicist
Sir Salusbury Pryce Humphreys (1778–1845), British naval officer
Samuel Humphreys (1778–1846), U.S. naval engineer
Sarah C. Humphreys, Classical scholar
Sarah Gibson Humphreys (1830–1907), American author, suffragist
Sheila Humphreys (1899–1994), Irish political activist
Thomas Humphreys (disambiguation)
Tog Humphreys (born 1968), English former cricketer
Walter Humphreys senior (1849–1924), English cricketer
Walter Humphreys junior (1878–1960), English cricketer
Warren Humphreys (born 1952), English professional golfer
West Hughes Humphreys (1806–1882), U.S. and Confederate Judge, prohibitionist
William Humphreys (disambiguation)
See also
Humfrey, given name and surname
Humphery, surname
Humphrey, given name and surname
Humphry, surname
Humphries, surname
Humphrys, surname
English-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Aleksa Janković (; born 12 April 2000) is a Serbian football winger who plays for Čukarički.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Požarevac
Association football forwards
Serbian footballers
FK Teleoptik players
FK Voždovac players
FK Čukarički players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serbia under-21 international footballers
Victor de Buck ( de "book"), (21 April 1817, Oudenaarde, Belgium – 23 May 1876, Brussels) was a Belgian Jesuit priest and theologian. He is credited with relaunching the work of the Bollandists in the 19th century, after the restoration of the Society of Jesus.
Life
His family was one of the most distinguished in the city of Oudenaarde (Audenarde). After a course in the humanities, begun at the College of Soignies and the petit seminaire of Roeselare and completed in 1835 at the college of the Society of Jesus at Aalst, he entered the Society of Jesus on 11 October 1835. After two years in the novitiate, then at Nivelles, and a year at Tronchiennes reviewing and finishing his literary studies, he went to Namur in September 1838 to study philosophy and the natural sciences. De Buck wrote with ease in Flemish, French, and Latin.
The work of the Bollandists had just been revived and, in spite of his youth, Victor de Buck was summoned to act as assistant to the hagiographers. He remained at this work in Brussels from September 1840, to September 1845. After devoting four years to theological studies at Louvain where he was ordained priest in 1848, and making his third year of probation in the Society of Jesus, he was permanently assigned to the Bollandist work in 1850. He remained engaged in it until his death, living in a room at St. Michael's College, Brussels, which also served as his study. He had already published in Vol. VII of the October Acta Sanctorum, which appeared in 1845, sixteen commentaries or notices that are easily distinguishable because they are without a signature, unlike those written by the Bollandists. In the early years, he would periodically take a brief respite to preach a country mission in Flemish.
He composed in collaboration with scholastic Antoine Tinnebroek an able refutation of a book published by the professor of canon law at the University of Leuven, in which the rights of the regular clergy were assailed and repudiated. This refutation, which fills an octavo volume of 640 pages, was ready for publication within four months. It was to have been supplemented by a second volume that was almost completed but could not be published because of the political disturbances of the year, the prelude to the revolutions of 1848. The work was never resumed.
Besides the numerous commentaries in Vols. IX, X, XI, XII, and XIII of the October Acta Sanctorum, which won much praise, Father de Buck published in Latin, French and Dutch a large number of little works of piety and dissertations on devotion to the saints, church history, and Christian archaeology. The partial enumeration of these works fills two folio columns of his eulogy, in the forepart of vol. II of the November Acta. Because of his extensive learning and investigating turn of mind he was naturally bent upon probing abstruse and perplexing questions. Thus in 1862 he was led to publish in the form of a letter to his brother Remi, then professor of church history at the theological college of Louvain and soon afterwards his colleague on the Bollandist work, a Latin dissertation, De solemnitate praecipue paupertatis religiosae. This was followed in 1863 and 1864 by two treatises in French, one under the title Solution amiable de la question des couvents and the other De l'état religieux, treating of the religious life in Belgium in the nineteenth century.
De Buck was part of an international scholarly community, researching, studying, and sharing citations with colleagues. He maintained a frequent correspondence with Agostino Morini, O.S.M.
Relics controversy
In order to satisfy the many requests made to Rome by churches and religious communities for relics of saints, it had become customary to take from the catacombs of Rome the bodies of unknown personages believed to have been honored as martyrs in the early Church. The sign by which they were to be recognized was a glass vial sealed up in the plaster outside the loculus that contained the body, and bearing traces of a red substance that had been enclosed and was supposed to have been blood. Doubts had arisen as to the correctness of this interpretation and, after careful study, Victor de Buck felt convinced that it was false and that what had been taken for blood was probably the sediment of consecrated wine. The conclusion, together with its premises, was set forth in a dissertation published in 1855 under the title De phialis rubricatis quibus martyrum romanorum sepulcra dignosci dicuntur. Naturally it raised lively protestations, particularly on the part of those who were responsible for distributing the relics of the saints, the more so, as the cardinal vicar of Rome in 1861 strictly forbade any further transportation of these relics.
De Buck had only a few copies of his work printed, these being intended for the cardinals and prelates particularly interested in the question. As none were put on the market, it was rumored that de Buck's superiors had suppressed the publication of the book and that all the copies printed, save five or six, had been destroyed. This was untrue; no copy had been destroyed and his superiors had laid no blame upon the author. Then, in 1863, a decree was obtained from the Congregation of Rites, renewing an older decree, whereby it was declared that a vial of blood placed outside of a sepulchral niche in the catacombs was an unmistakable sign by which the tomb of a martyr might be known, and it was proclaimed that Victor de Buck's opinion was formally disapproved and condemned by Rome. This too was false, as Father De Buck had never intimated that the placing of the vial of blood did not indicate the resting-place of a martyr, when it could be proved that the vial contained genuine blood, such as was supposed by the decree of the congregation.
Finally, there appeared in Paris a large quarto volume written by the Roman prelate, Monsignor Sconamiglio, Reliquiarum custode. It was filled with caustic criticisms of the author of De phialis rubricatis and relegated him to the rank of notorious heretics who had combated devotion to the saints and the veneration of their relics. Victor de Buck seemed all but insensible to the attacks and contented himself with opposing to Monsignor Sconamiglio's book a protest in which he rectified the more or less unconscious error of his enemies by proving that neither the decree of 1863 nor any other decision emanating from ecclesiastical authority had affected his thesis.
Ecumenism
Opinions were attributed to de Buck which, if not formally heretical, at least openly defied ideas generally accepted by Catholics. What apparently gave rise to these accusations were the amicable relations established, principally through correspondence, between Victor de Buck and such men as the celebrated Edward Pusey in England, and Montalembert, in France. Through contacts with foreign hagiographers and the English Jesuits in Louvain, de Buck developed an interest in a possible reunification of the Churches. During the 1850s he expressed this interest in a number of publications, including the Études Religieuses and The Rambler. De Buck's opinion regarding the views of Pusey were closer to those of Newman than Cardinal Manning.
A shared interest in the lives of the saints brought him in contact with Alexander Forbes, the learned Anglican bishop, with whom he corresponded at length. De Buck was also a friend of Bishop Félix Dupanloup. These relations were brought about by the reputation for deep learning, integrity, and scientific independence that de Buck's works had earned for him, by his readiness to oblige those who addressed questions to him, and by his earnestness and skill in elucidating the most difficult questions. Grave and direct accusations were made against de Buck and reported to the pope.
In a Latin letter addressed to Cardinal Patrizzi, and intended to come to the notice of the pope, Father de Buck repudiated the calumnies in a manner that betrayed how deeply he had been affected. His protest was supported by the testimony of four of his principal superiors, former provincials, and rectors who eagerly vouched for the sincerely of his declarations and the genuineness of his religious spirit. With the consent of his superiors he published this letter in order to communicate with those of his friends who might have been disturbed by these accusations.
De Buck had hoped for an Anglican presence at the First Vatican Council as a step toward rapprochement, but doctrinal differences proved an impediment; the doctrine of infallibility.
Father Peter Jan Beckx, Father General of the Society, summoned him to Rome to act as official theologian at the First Vatican Council. Father de Buck assumed these new duties with his accustomed ardor and, upon his return, showed the first symptoms of arteriosclerosis, which finally ended his life. Toward the end of his life, Father de Buck lost his sight, but dictated from memory, material previously compiled regarding saints of the early Celtic Church in Ireland, to his brother, Fr. Remi de Buck, also a Bollandist.
Works
De phialis rubricatis quibus martyrum romanorum sepulcra dignosci dicuntur (1855)
Les Saints Martyrs Japonais de La Compagnie de Jesus Paul Miki, Jean Soan de Gotto Et Jacques Kisai (1863)
Le Gesù de Rome: Notice Descriptive et Historique (1871)
Notes
Further reading
Jurich, James P. The Ecumenical Relations of Victor de Buck, S.J., with Anglican Leaders on the Eve of Vatican I, Université catholique de Louvain, 1988
This article incorporates text from the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia article "Victor de Buck" by Charles De Smedt, a publication now in the public domain.
1817 births
1876 deaths
19th-century Belgian Jesuits
19th-century Belgian Roman Catholic theologians
KU Leuven alumni
People from Oudenaarde
The 2007 World Netball Championships was the 12th edition of the INF Netball World Cup, a quadrennial premier event in international netball co-ordinated by the International Federation of Netball Associations (IFNA). Sixteen nations contested the title from 10 to the 17 November. It was held in the West part of Auckland, New Zealand. Forty-eight matches over 8 days were played in The Trusts Stadium, Waitakere. The event was broadcast to over half a dozen countries
Australia defended its eighth title to defeat the home side, New Zealand, 42–38.
Withdrawal of hosting rights
After seeing off competing bids from Australia and South Africa, Fiji was awarded the hosting rights for the 2007 World Netball Championships in November 2003. Fiji was the second Pacific nation selected to host the competition. New Zealand debuted the distinction having hosted in 1975 and followed in 1999.
During eleven days from 10 July to 21 July 2007, 16 teams contested for the title. Hosting costs became an issue with a forecast of F$3 million. the International Netball Federation (INFA) noted in a press release that the economic gain is significant, as Jamaica's economy had benefited significantly from a commensurate influx of sports tourists.
In December 2006, following months of tension, Commander Voreqe (Frank) Bainimarama staged a military coup to unseat the government of Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase.
As a direct result of the coup and the political and economic uncertainty it created, on December 8, 2006 the IFNA withdrew Fiji's hosting rights for the 2007 edition. The popularity of netball was expected to have a significant impact in Fiji so withdrawal of hosting rights was a significant action.
IFNA announced a new host on December 23, 2006 that New Zealand, who last hosted the tournament in 1999 in Christchurch, would host the tournament during November 2007. It was undecided if Auckland or Christchurch would hold the tournament, as both cities have suitable facilities. But on 27 January it was decided that Auckland would be the host city for the 2007 competition .The matches would all be played at The Trusts Stadium, Waitakere from 10 to 17 November.
Nations
Format
The tournament comprised 48 games, held over an 8-day period. Every team was guaranteed to play 6 games, and every team would be awarded a rank from 1 to 16 as a result.
Pool Stage
Points are awarded as follows:
• 2 Points for a Win
• 1 Points for a Draw
• 0 Points for a Loss
In the event of a tie, the result of the game between the tied teams would be decided who was ranked higher. Tie situations would be resolved in three tie-breaker scenarios:
• The team with the superior Goal Average (Goals For/Goals Against) will be ranked highest.
• If the Goal Average is identical, the team with the better Goal Difference will be ranked highest.
• If the Goal Difference is identical, the team with the higher Goals For will be ranked highest.
All times are New Zealand Time (UCT +13 hours)
Pool A
Highlighted teams advanced to the quarter-finals. Remaining teams will contest classification matches.
Pool B
Pool C
Points Table
Pool D
Points Table
Section Games
After the pool stages, the teams are divided into two sections. The top 2 qualifiers from each pool go into Section 1-8, and the bottom two go into Section 9-16.
In the sectional games, no draws are permitted, so Extra Time is played. Extra Time operates as follows:
• Initially, extra time of two, seven minute halves will be played.
• In the event of a tie remaining at the end of extra time, teams change ends without an interval and the game is restarted by the team entitled to the next centre pass.
• Play will then continue until one team has a two-goal advantage.
Section 9-16
Quarter Finals
Semi-Finals
Position Playoffs
Section 1-8
Quarter Finals
Semi-Finals
Position Playoffs
Final Placings
Medallists
References
External links
official site of the 2007 WNC
Netball World Cup
World Championships
Netball Championships
World
November 2007 sports events in New Zealand
Sports competitions in Auckland
2000s in Auckland
Hyloscirtus antioquia is a species of frogs in the family Hylidae.
References
Hylidae
The House of Keōua Nui (Hale O Keōua Nui), or simply House of Keōua, is the extended royal family of Ancient Hawaii from which the reigning family of Kamehameha I and Lunalilo were descended.
Origins
A younger branch of the reigning family of Keaweʻīkekahialiʻiokamoku (from the Big Island of Hawaii), the dynastic line was established by Keōua Kalanikupuapaikalaninui Ahilapalapa, who was the father of Kamehameha I. He was the only son of Keeaumoku the Great and High Chiefess Kamakaīmoku.
Keōua's paternal lineage derives from a branch of the royal family of Hawaii Island. His father, High Chief Keeaumoku-nui of Kohala and Kona, was the second son of Keaweʻīkekahialiʻiokamoku, King of Hawaii Island and his half-sister bride, Kalanikauleleiaiwi. He was known as a pio chief of the highest rank since both his mother and father were pure royal blood. He even outranked his elder brother Kalaninuiamamao, from whom descends the House of Kalākaua and House of Kawānanakoa. It was because of these two brothers, who contested for the succession to the kingship of the island of Hawaii after Keaweīkekahialiiokamoku's death, that the island was dissolved into a handful independent warring factions.
The ancestry of Keōua's mother, High Chiefess Kamakaʻīmoku, daughter of Kua Nuuanu, Oahu district chief descended from the nobility of Hilo who were descendants of King Umi-a-Līloa's youngest son Kumalae, ruler of Hilo. His mother was also mother of Kalaniōpuu, by Kalaninuiamamao, making him half-brother of Kalaniōpuu and uncle of Kīwalaʻō. Kamakaimoku was also the half-sister of Heulu (through their mother Umiula-a-kaahumanu), the father of Keawe-a-Heulu, another ancestor of the House of Kalākaua.
Kamehameha I of the House of Keōua Nui conquered the separate islands in 1795, uniting them under a single Kingdom of Hawaii. His direct descendants area called the House of Kamehameha. His siblings' houses were then also considered a part of the royal family.
Branches of the House of Keōua Nui
Male Line
House of Laanui-Kalokuokamaile
Through Prince Kalokuokamaile, the eldest son by Kahikikala
Survives today
House of Kamehameha (reigned 1795-1872)
Through Kamehameha I, second son and first son by Kekuiapoiwa II
Descendants were Ruth Keelikolani, Bernice Pauahi, and Albert Kunuiakea (illegitimate)
House of Kealiimaikai
Through Kealiimaikai, his third son, second son by Kekuiapoiwa II
Descendants were Peter Young Kaeo, Emma Kaleleonalani, wife of Kamehameha IV; and Albert Kunuiakea, also of the House of Kamehameha.
House of Kalaimamahu (reigned 1873-1874)
Through Prince Kalaimamahu, his fourth son, by Kamakaeheikuli
Descendants were King William Charles Lunalilo and Kuhina Nui Miriam Auhea Kekāuluohi
Survives through line of Miriam Auhea Kekāuluohi Crowningburg
Female Line
Kekuiapoiwa Liliha, daughter by Kalola,
Descendant, Keōpūolani, married Kamehameha I and mother of Kamehameha II and Kamehameha III
Kiilaweau, daughter by Manona
Descendant, Kekuaokalani, also of the House of Kealiimaikai
Website
Official Website of the Royal Houses of Keōua Nui
References
Royalty of the Hawaiian Kingdom
House of Līloa
Hawaii (island)
During the 1927–28 English football season, Brentford competed in the Football League Third Division South. A season of transition saw the Bees finish in mid-table and score 76 goals, which was at that time the club's best goalscoring tally since joining the Football League in 1920.
Season summary
Despite a sizeable amount of money in the bank after the previous season's cup exploits and big money sales of Jack Allen, Archie Clark and George Anderson, Brentford manager Harry Curtis elected to add to, rather than rebuild, his squad for the 1927–28 season. He invested in Scottish youngsters John Cairns, Jimmy Drinnan, William Hodge, Alexander Stevenson, Samuel Ward and English teenager Joe Wiggins.
Three defeats in the opening 10 matches of the season put the Bees as high as second place, with off-season signing Jack Phillips scoring 9 goals, Herbert Lawson five and Ernie Watkins four. By mid-October 1927, the goals had dried up and the club dropped to mid-table. During this period, Brentford suffered a club record 7–1 FA Cup defeat to Manchester United. A 3–2 victory over Walsall at Griffin Park on 5 December (one of just two wins in the midst of the bad run) was witnessed by 2,024, the club record lowest for a home Football League match. The Bees' form picked up again late January 1928 and the team secured a 12th-place finish. Jack Phillips finished the season as he began it, with 9 goals in 10 matches, to finish as top-scorer with 18 goals. Brentford's 76 goals was the highest since joining the Football League in 1920 and the club finished the season £171 in profit (equivalent to £ in ).
League table
Results
Brentford's goal tally listed first.
Legend
Football League Third Division South
FA Cup
Sources: Statto, 11v11, 100 Years of Brentford
Playing squad
Players' ages are as of the opening day of the 1927–28 season.
Sources: Timeless Bees, Football League Players' Records 1888 to 1939, 100 Years Of Brentford
Coaching staff
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years of Brentford
Goalscorers
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years of Brentford
Management
Summary
Transfers & loans
Cricketers are not included in this list.
References
Brentford F.C. seasons
Brentford
Yuri Sardarov, aka Yuriy Sardarov, (born January 28, 1988) is an American actor and producer. He has done extensive work in the theater. He starred on NBC's Chicago Fire until season 8.
Early life
Yuri Sardarov is half-Georgian and half-Armenian; he moved to the United States at age two as a refugee. His parents and grandparents were musicians. Sardarov was named after his grandfather, with whom he is very close, and they have matching Cyrillic tattoos. Because his grandfather was named "Yuri," Sardarov began to spell his name with an extra "y" at the end to differentiate himself. He has a brother, Nick, who is eleven years younger. Sardarov attended Glenbrook North High School, near Chicago, starting his junior year. He graduated in 2006. In 2010 he graduated with a BFA in Theatre Performance at the University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance where he was in a fraternity.
Personal life
He divides his time between Los Angeles and Chicago. During filming for Chicago Fire, he lived with his costars Joe Minoso and Charlie Barnett. He has a partner, Madeleine. Sardarov enjoys comedy and took classes at The Second City during his free time in Chicago.
Filmography
Television
Films
Shorts
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
American people of Georgian (country) descent
American people of Armenian descent
Soviet emigrants to the United States
Male actors from Chicago
University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance alumni
American male television actors
21st-century American male actors
Place of birth missing (living people)
Glenbrook North High School alumni
Lena Aronsohn (b. 1870) was reported to be an early figure in the American Jewish community's transition to accept women rabbis. Aronsohn was described in the American press as potentially becoming the first woman rabbi. She was a candidate the rabbinate at the same time as Ray Frank, however, neither Aronshon nor Frank completed their studies or received ordination.
Aronsohn was born in 1870 in Louisiana and her family soon moved to Marshall, Texas. In 1888 Aronsohn moved to Hot Springs, Arkansas where she worked as a music teacher in the local public schools. Aronsohn's mother died a few years later. In 1892 and 1893, Lena Aronsohn became the subject of several news stories concerning her intention to study to become a rabbi. The American press speculated that it was the death of Aronsohn's mother as well as financial hardship that led to the decision to pursue a rabbinical career. In early 1893, The American Israelite rejected the report as unfounded.
Aronsohn was also reported delivering public lectures on Judaism to various Jewish congregations.
Gallery
See also
Hannah G. Solomon
Ray Frank
References
People from Marshall, Texas
People from Louisiana
People from Hot Springs, Arkansas
1870 births
Year of death missing
Yeşilbarak is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
The Port of Brookings Harbor is the port authority for the city of Brookings, Oregon, United States, and serving the neighboring community of Harbor. The district covers from the mouth of the Chetco River south to the Oregon-California border, north to the mouth of the Pistol River, and east to the Curry-Josephine county line. The district is governed by a five-member commission elected at-large from the district population of approximately 16,000.
It is the busiest recreational port on the Oregon Coast, generating more than 31,000 boat trips for more than 95,000 people, and is one of the most active harbors for Chinook salmon on the coast.
Due to the unique south-facing bar orientation (as opposed to most Oregon bars facing due west) with the protection provided by Chetco Point, the Chetco bar is more passable than any other.
Events
The port is locally known for hosting many festivals and events, such as the Pirates of the Pacific Festival.
History
The port district had its beginnings in a deep-water harbor constructed in 1912 by the Brookings Lumber and Box Company, which founded and owned the company town of Brookings. In 1956, a special election was held that created the Port of Brookings Port District. Governor Elmo Smith appointed the first port commission.
The Port of Brookings Harbor was severely damaged on March 11, 2011 by a tsunami caused by the Tōhoku earthquake off the coast of Japan; damages were estimated at $6.7 million. The last boat sunk by the tsunami was raised from the bottom of the harbor on March 22. The port re-opened for business on the same day.
References
External links
Port of Brookings Harbor (official website)
Brookings, Oregon
Brookings Harbor, Port of
1956 establishments in Oregon
Kaykaus I or Izz ad-Din Kaykaus ibn Kayhkusraw (, ʿIzz ad-Dīn Kaykāwūs pour Kaykhusraw) was the Sultan of Rum from 1211 until his death in 1220. He was the eldest son of Kaykhusraw I.
Succession
Upon the death of Kaykhusraw I at the Battle of Alaşehir in 1211, Kaykaus' two younger brothers, Kayferidun Ibrahim and the future Kayqubad I, challenged his succession. Kayqubad initially garnered some support among the neighbors of the sultanate, Leo I, the king of Cilician Armenia, and Tughrilshah, his uncle and the independent ruler of Erzurum. At the same time, Kayferidun imperiled the recently acquired port of Antalya by seeking aid from the Cypriot Franks. Most of the emirs, as the powerful landed aristocracy of the sultanate, supported Kaykaus. From his base in Malatya, Kaykaus seized Kayseri and then Konya, inducing Leo to change sides. Kayqubad was forced to flee to the fortress at Ankara, where he sought aid from the Turkman tribes of Kastamonu. Kaykaus soon apprehended both of his brothers and secured the throne for himself.
During this time of considerable danger, Kaykaus negotiated a peace settlement with Theodore Laskaris, the Byzantine Emperor of Nicaea. This treaty marked the end of hostilities between the Seljuq state and the Empire of Nicaea, though Turkmen nomads continued occasionally to trouble the border.
The Eastern Frontier
With Antalya secure and the western marches at peace, Kaykaus turned his attentions to the east. First, Cilicia captured Ereğli and Ulukışla, which were captured by the Armenian Kingdom. Then, in the Cilicia Campaign, the Armenians was firmly subjugated. In 1218, Kaykaus allied with Al-Afdal, one of Saladin's sons, who sought to regain his power and offered Kaykaus Aleppo in return.
Conquest of Sinop
Kaykaus' most significant contribution to the Seljuq state was the acquisition the Black Sea port of Sinop. In 1214 Turkmen tribesmen captured Alexios, Grand Komnenos of the Empire of Trebizond, on a hunting trip outside of the city. The hostage was turned over to the sultan and negotiated his freedom in exchange for Sinop and the vassalage of Trapezuntine territory to the east. The Seljuqs gained an outlet on the Black Sea to match their Mediterranean port at Antalya, and a wedge was driven between the Empire of Trebizond and the Byzantine Empire of Nicaea. The transfer was affected on Sunday 1 November with both the sultan and the Grand Komnenos present. Alexios was entertained for several days and then politely asked to return to Trebizond.
After the transfer, European and Byzantine trade continued in the city. Kaykaus named an Armenian, Rais Hetoum, to govern the mixed Greek and Turkish population. Churches in the city of Sinop were converted to mosques, on Kaykaus's command. Between April and September 1215 the walls were reconstructed under the supervision of the Greek architect, Sebastos. Fifteen Seljuq emirs contributed to the cost. The work is commemorated by a bilingual Greek and Arabic inscription on a tower near the western gate.
In 1216, Kaykaus attacked Aleppo in support of his vassal Al-Afdal, an exiled Ayyubid. He was defeated by Al-Ashraf. Kaykaus was working to create an alliance with Badr al-Din Lu'lu', Emir of Mosul, against the Ayyubids, but he died in 1220 and the alliance collapsed.
Identity
According to Rustam Shukurov, it is very probably that Kaykaus I and his brother Kayqubad I, who both spent considerable time in Constantinople with their father, had the same dual confessional (Christian and Muslim) and dual ethnic (Turkic/Persian and Greek) identity as Kaykhusraw I, Kaykaus II, and Masud II.
Monuments
In 1212 Kaykaus built a madrasa in Ankara and in 1217 the Şifaiye Medresesi in Sivas. The latter was designed as a hospital and medical school. The sultan's mausoleum is in the south eyvan of the building under a conical dome. The façade includes a poem by the sultan in blue faience tiles.
References
Sources
Sultans of Rum
Muslims of the Fifth Crusade
1220 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Seljuk dynasty
13th-century Turkic people
Larry Frank Cedar (born March 6, 1955) is an American voice, film and television actor, best known as one of the players of the Children's Television Workshop mathematics show Square One TV on PBS from 1987 to 1994. He played Max, Alex the Butcher's assistant, in a series of commercials for Kroger in 1989. He is also known for playing Leon, the opium-addicted thief and faro dealer, in the internationally acclaimed HBO series Deadwood.
Life and career
Cedar's professional acting career did not begin until shortly after his admission to Hastings Law School when, on an impulse, he decided to audition for, and was accepted into the MFA Theater program at UCLA, from which he graduated in 1978. While there, he won the Hugh O'Brian Acting Competition award for Best Actor, resulting in a one-year artist development contract with Universal Studios. He went on to star in various television films, and numerous episodics and feature films, including a starring role opposite Rebecca De Mornay in the Ivan Reitman-produced Feds, and an appearance as The Creature on the Wing, opposite John Lithgow, in the Steven Spielberg remake, Twilight Zone: The Movie, directed by George Miller. He has also won an L.A. Theater Alliance Ovation Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical. Other actors in Cedar's family include Jon Cedar and George Cedar.
Cedar spent six seasons in New York starring in the award-winning PBS series Square One TV, and later starred in 40 episodes of the Fox television series A.J.'s Time Travelers. A veteran stage performer, he appeared in the one-man play Billy Bishop Goes to War at the Colony Theatre. He has been nominated for two Los Angeles Theater Alliance Ovation awards for his performances in Anything Goes (as Lord Oakley) opposite Rachel York, and in She Loves Me (as Sipos, for which he won Best Featured Actor in a Musical). His other stage work includes portraying Hoagy Carmichael in Hoagy, Bix, and Wolfgang Beethoven Bunkhaus at L.A.'s Mark Taper Forum; as Vernon opposite Lea Thompson in They're Playing Our Song; and as Secretary Thompson in 1776 opposite Roger Rees.
In August 2008, Cedar appeared in Towelhead, the directorial debut of Alan Ball (creator of Six Feet Under). He co-starred opposite Adrien Brody as the demented Chester Sinclair in the Ben Affleck/Diane Lane noir feature film Hollywoodland, directed by Allen Coulter, and recurred for three seasons as Leon, the opium-addicted card dealer and thief, in the David Milch helmed HBO series Deadwood opposite Powers Boothe and Ian McShane. His independent film work includes the award winning short Tel Aviv, the science fiction thriller Forecast, and the full-length horror film Midnight Son. He has also done voice-over work for hundreds of commercials, cartoon series, and video games.
In 2010, Cedar had a role in The Crazies, playing Principal Ben Sandborn. He portrayed Cornelius Hawthorne, father of Chevy Chase's character Pierce Hawthorne, on Community.
Cedar is active in the Los Angeles theatre community. In 2013 he starred in King Lear with The Porters of Hellsgate. For the 2013 Hollywood Fringe Festival, he developed the script for Orwellian: Rants, Recollections, and Cautionary Tales From The Works of Eric Arthur Blair, which is a one-hour adaptation of three works by George Orwell: Down and Out in Paris and London, Animal Farm, and Nineteen Eighty-Four. The play was produced by The Porters of Hellsgate in conjunction with the Orwell estate.
Filmography
Film roles
The Babe - Radio announcer
Atlas Shrugged: Part III - Dr. Floyd Ferris
C.H.U.D. II: Bud the C.H.U.D. - Graves
Constantine - Vermin Man
Demonic Toys - Peterson
Dreamscape - Snakeman
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas - Car Rental Agent
Hollywoodland - Chester Sinclair
Justice League: Gods and Monsters - Pete Ross
Justice League: Throne of Atlantis - Thomas Curry
National Treasure: Book of Secrets - Control Room Guard
Paparazzi - Charlie
Pinocchio's Revenge - District Attorney
The Crazies - Principal Ben Sandborn
The Gingerdead Man - Jimmy Dean
The Hidden - Brem
The London Connection - Roger Pike
The Master of Disguise - Businessman
Towelhead - Photographer
Twilight Zone: The Movie - Creature on the Wing (Episode #4)
The Snow Queen 2 - Eric
Television roles
Battlestar Galactica - Cadet Shields
Ben 10 - Howell Wainwright (voice)
Boston Legal - Robert Hooper
Charmed - Demon Xar
Community - Cornelius Hawthorne
Deadwood - Leon (3 seasons)
Freakazoid! - Anton Mohans, Bernt, Chip Clavicle, Hans, Oblongata (voice)
Get a Life - Ted (2 episodes)
Saved by the Bell - Mystery Weekend actor
Square One Television - Series Regular
Stargate SG-1 - Ori Prior #2 (Episode: "Origin")
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine - Nydrom (Episode: "Armageddon Game")
Star Trek: Voyager - Tersa
Star Trek: Enterprise - Tessic
State of Mind - Larry Carson
The Riches - Karl
Two and a Half Men - Policeman/Announcer (2 episodes)
W*A*L*T*E*R (unsold M*A*S*H spinoff) - Zipkin
Without a Trace - Ray Pallidies
The Last Tycoon - Dr. Harold Grife (episode "More Stars Than There Are in Heaven")
Young Sheldon - Lawrence, as train museum keeper
Video game roles
EverQuest II - Rune Shimmerstar, Tristan Gallaway, Eorandalanu Otuden, Alchemist Alus Crispian, Dyric Pyre, Waylon March, The Glademaster, Generic Male Dark Elf Merchant, Generic Male Erudite Merchant, Generic Male Gnome Merchant, Generic Male Halfling Merchant, Generic Male Human Merchant, Generic Male Ratonga Merchant, Generic Dark Elf Guard, Various Character Languages
Hitman: Absolution - Edward Wade
Marvel: Ultimate Alliance - Loki
Shadow of Rome - Maecanas, Additional Voices
SOCOM II U.S. Navy SEALs - Vandal
Star Wars: The Old Republic - Additional Voices
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 - San Francisco Bike Messenger
Tony Hawk's Underground - Slave Driver, Second Tampa Cop, Team Filmer
Tony Hawk's Underground 2 - Additional Voices
Ultimate Spider-Man - Additional Voices
References
External links
Larry Cedar's website
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Male actors from California
Place of birth missing (living people)
UCLA Film School alumni
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
1955 births
"The Way I Am" is a song written by Sonny Throckmorton, and recorded by American country music artist Merle Haggard. It was released in March 1980 as the first single and title track from his album The Way I Am. The song reached number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart and number 1 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Cover versions
Alan Jackson recorded a version of the song on his 1999 album Under the Influence.
Willy Mason recorded the song in 2006 on Australian radio station Triple J's Like a Version segment.
Bonnie 'Prince' Billy recorded the song on his 2007 album Ask Forgiveness.
Watermelon Slim recorded the song on his 2009 album Escape from the Chickencoop.
Cody Jinks recorded the song for his 2016 album I'm Not the Devil.
References
1980 singles
1980 songs
Merle Haggard songs
Alan Jackson songs
Songs written by Sonny Throckmorton
MCA Records singles
Arista Nashville singles
This is a list of the instructions in the instruction set of the Common Intermediate Language bytecode.
Opcode abbreviated from operation code is the portion of a machine language instruction that specifies the operation to be performed.
Base instructions form a Turing-complete instruction set.
Object model instructions provide an implementation for the Common Type System.
See also
Common Intermediate Language is the assembly language that uses the instruction set.
Common Language Infrastructure is the standard in which the Common Intermediate Language is defined.
.NET Framework is a platform and implementation of the Common Language Infrastructure.
Mono is a cross-platform open-source implementation of the Common Language Infrastructure.
References
CIL Instruction Set at C# Online.NET (CSharp-Online.NET)
ECMA - CIL Instruction Set - Page 321 (ECMA-335.pdf)
Common Language Infrastructure
Instruction set listings
Ben King (born 22 July 1984) is a British guitarist, who joined English band The Yardbirds in October 2005. He has gained popularity as a musician owing to his extensive technical ability of the guitar coupled with his young age upon entry to the Yardbirds at only 21 years old.
Development
Born to a musical family (his father having also been a professional guitarist) in 1984, King spent the majority of his life devoted to the guitar, growing up listening to the vast range of music provided by his parents. King developed an astute understanding of the guitar at a very early stage, garnering both a technical and philosophical approach alongside a head-down work ethic.
Having spent time in various bands and gaining local notoriety for his talent, he moved to Guildford, Surrey where he enrolled at the Academy of Contemporary Music. King received a good amount of attention from the faculty with his talents, and gained the interest of ex-Alice Cooper guitarist Pete Friesen and Yardbirds bass guitarist John Idan.
Having completed his vocational studies, King was offered an audition by Idan, founding Yardbirds members Jim McCarty and Chris Dreja. Speaking of Idan's interest in King, McCarty commented:
King was offered a role within The Yardbirds and replaced Jerry Donahue as lead guitarist in October 2005. The band booked a run of shows across England in that year before beginning to tour internationally in countries such as Germany, France, Sweden, Canada, Japan and the United States.
King features on The Yardbirds' 2007 live release Live at B.B. King Blues Club (Favored Nations). A clip of the song "I'm A Man", from this album was used by 20th Century Fox on the first episode of season 19 of The Simpsons. He also performs on, co-produced, mixed, and art directed the band's 2014 live album and DVD Making Tracks.
References
External links
Ben King's Official Site
The Yardbirds Official Site
The Yardbirds US Fansite
The Yardbirds on Favored Nations
1984 births
English rock guitarists
Lead guitarists
The Yardbirds members
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Musicians from London
People from Guildford
Garipçe, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Arthur Quintal (6 May 1795 – 19 November 1873) was a Pitcairn Islander who served as the island's second magistrate, in 1840/1841. Quintal was the son of Matthew Quintal, the bounty mutineer, and his wife Tevarua. The elder Quintal was killed with a hatchet in 1799. Arthur appears to have inherited some of his father's bad temper; he allegedly treated his sister Jane 'so harshly' she left the island and never returned. Quintal also allegedly made a pact with his best friend Daniel McCoy, to take each other's sister as a wife. Quintal married Catherine McCoy, and they had 9 children, including Arthur Quintal II, who also became magistrate. After Catherine's death in 1831, Arthur married Mary Christian and had a further 5 children. He succeeded his half brother as magistrate, and was succeeded by his brother-in-law. Quintal died on Norfolk Island in 1873.
References
Pitcairn Islands people of Cornish descent
Pitcairn Islands politicians
1795 births
1873 deaths
Pitcairn Islands people of Polynesian descent
Gregory of Durrës (Al. Gregori i Durrësit, Gk Grêgorios ho Dyrrakhíu) (or Gregory the Printer) (c. 1701–1772) was an Albanian scholar, printer, typographer, and teacher, and an Eastern Orthodox Christian monk and cleric of Ottoman Albania who is thought to have invented the Elbasan script, with which he wrote the Elbasan Gospel Manuscript. The manuscript is the oldest known piece of Albanian Orthodox literature, as well as the oldest known Orthodox Bible translation made into Albanian.
Early life
Born c.1701 in Voskopoja, Grigori studied at the ”New Academy” (a middle school), and would eventually become a professor there. The earliest mention of Gregory is in 1720 when he is noted to have met a Serbian illuminist in Ottoman Berat. Gregory is reported to have been a student of the Aromanian philosopher Ioannis Chalkeus, a significant figure in the Greek Enlightenment.
Academic career
As a budding scholar, Gregory first arrived in Voskopoja some time before 1730, according to historical author Robert Elsie. Gregory was a teacher for a while at the New Academy of Voskopoja. In 1731 he became a monk in Venice, where he learned and taught the typographic craft from the Venetian printmaker Nikolaos Glykys.
Career in printing
Around 1730 Gregory founded the printing press of Voskopoja. This printing press was brought with him from Venice, where Albanian masters had learned typography. The printing press of Voskopoja had 14 acolytes, which are used for liturgical purposes. Gregory oversaw the printing press until its destruction in 1764.
In 1746, Gregory is thought to have taken up residence at Saint Gjon Vladimir's Church, Elbasan. Gregory was the first to translate the Old and New Testament into Albanian, using an original alphabet he had invented sometime around 1761. His translations, however, have been lost. After moving to Elbasan, he introduced the famous Elbasan Gospel Manuscript in 1761.
Later life and death
In 1768, he became Archbishop of the newly created Archbishopric of Durrës. After the abolition of the Ohrid Patriarchate in 1768, Gregory was appointed by the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople as Metropolitan of Durrës.
Gregory had collected a library's worth of biblical literature throughout his life. Later in life, Gregory donated the books to the local library, which was destroyed in 1769 when Voskopoja was burned.
He is said to have died in Venice in 1769, but another historian approximates his death in 1772 in Shen Gjon Vladimir, Shijon in Elbasan.
Works
Gregory published his first work, "Life of Saint Nikodemos" in 1741, and in 1744 he was chosen as deputy rector of the New Academy. Other original works include:
Akoluthia of Saint Theodora (1731)
Akoluthia of St. Harallamb (1734)
Akoluthia of Saint Seraphim (1735)
Akoluthia of St. Naum (1740)
Akoluthia of the Fifteen Martyrs (1741)
Akoluthia of St. Clement (1741)
Akoluthia of St. John Vladimir (1742)
Akoluthia of the Seven Saints (1742) )
Pastoral Letter of Patriarch Joasaf of Ohrid (1742)
Akoluthia of Saint Vision (1744)
Akoluthia of Saint Vision (1744)
Akoluthia of Saint Anthony (1746)
Catechism (1746)
Leonardo Lombardi (1749)
Oktaikos (1750)
Notes
See also
Theodhor Haxhifilipi
Albanian alphabet
References
People from Durrës
Eastern Orthodoxy in Albania
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Albania
18th-century Albanian people
Creators of writing systems
Albanian non-fiction writers
1700 births
Albanian clergy
Typography
Umutlu, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Stare Grabie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Stare Grabie
Frank N. Julian (June 18, 1872 – November 30, 1944) served as the 27th Secretary of State of Alabama from 1907 to 1910.
Before entering the political sphere, he worked in the newspaper business working for the North Alabamian and the St. Louis Post Dispatch. He worked as a clerk for various places in the Alabama House of Representatives from 1896 until he was elected Secretary of State.
References
Alabama Democrats
1872 births
1944 deaths
Adlkofen is a municipality in the South Bavarian district of Landshut.
Geography
Geographical location
Adlkofen lies only 8 km east of Landshut and south of the valley of the Isar.
Neighbouring local authorities
Kumhausen
Geisenhausen
Kröning
Niederaichbach
Administrative divisions
The political authority of Adlkofen has 95 officially labelled districts.:
History
The name Adlkofen was mentioned for the first time as the county of Adalahkevva in a document issued by the Kaiser Otto I shortly before his death in 973 in Merseburg. He gave with it his personal property in Beutelhausen, which lay in the county of Adlkofen, to Niedermünster Abbey in Regensburg. The settlement name of Aetelkouen was also mentioned for the first time in a document from 1252. Since 1762 the written name “Adlkofen” has been used. The name is determined from the personal name of Adelo (or Adalhoh), with which the suffix -hofen (Ansiedlung, Hof (courtyard)) was combined. In Adlkofen secular rule was present very early on. In 1687 Wolfstein was handed over to Adlkofen, where it remained under the management of a local magistrate of the district court of Teisbach until 1803. The magistrate performed judicial functions over all people who were not subjects of Hofsmarkherren. He oversaw four administrations, named Reichersdorf, Frauenberg, Günzkofen und Hohenegglkofen. From these old administrative units in 1812, new political municipalities were created. Hofmarks exist to this day in Deutenkofen, Göttlkofen und Günzkofen. Only in the 17th century was a 3-storey castle built in Deutenkofen. However, a noble family never lived there permanently. Societal relations were decisively moulded by the pastor.(?)
Buildings
Churches
The municipality of Adlkofen is divided in three parishes: Adlkofen, Reichlkofen and Jenkofen.
The church of Adlkofen was built in 1733 in its present form. The church of Reichlkofen was built in 1876 and the church of Jenkofen was built in 1422.
There are also churches in some of the smaller villages like in Günzkofen or Deutenkofen.
School and kindergarten
Adlkofen belongs to the oldest school places in the district of Landshut. Even in 1635 there used to live family of teachers in the municipality. The school building was renovated in 1991 and expanded from eight to ten classes. Since the school year 2005/2006 there are only taught four grades.
The first Kindergarten existed between 1939 and 1944 for the children of the farmers during harvest season. On the initiative of some parents in 1973 there was established a pre-school Kindergarten in the school building. In 1977 a Kindergarten building was built at its present place and was expanded in 1993
Twin town
Badia Calavena, Italy
Literature
References
Landshut (district)
The John H. Barker Mansion is a historic home located in Michigan City, LaPorte County, Indiana.
History
The original house was built in 1857 and is a two-story, brick structure that now serves as the rear wing. Between 1905 and 1909, the main block was constructed. The main house is a -story, maroon brick with limestone trim designed as an English Manor house, with 38 rooms, 10 bathrooms, and seven fireplaces.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is located in the Haskell and Barker Historic District.
John H. Barker
In 1836, at the age of 22, John Barker Sr. (1814-1878) arrived in Indiana from Andover, Massachusetts, looking for new business opportunities. He began as a general merchant, expanded into grain brokerage, before opening a commission house to receive and forward merchandise from ships on the lakes. During this time, he married Cordelia G. Collamer (1818-1894) and raised a family. Two children survived him, daughter, Anna, and son, John H. Barker (1844-1910).
Seeing the potential of railroads, he bought an interest in the manufacture of freight cars. Shortly after his purchase in 1855, the company was renamed Haskell & Barker Car Co. The onset of the American Civil War helped the business prosper through government contracts. As the Car Company prospered, Michigan City prospered. When he retired in 1869, his son left Chicago to return as the general manager of the company. Upon Barker Jr.'s death in 1910, the Car Company was prospering such that he was worth an estimated fifty to sixty million dollars. In 1922, "Haskell & Barker" merged with the Pullman Company, and was then known as Pullman-Standard, a division of Pullman, Inc.
References
External links
Barker Mansion & Civic Center
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Houses completed in 1909
Museums in Laporte County, Indiana
Historic house museums in Indiana
Houses in LaPorte County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in LaPorte County, Indiana
Historic district contributing properties in Indiana
was a after Wadō and before Yōrō. This period spanned the years from September 715 through November 717. The reigning empress was .
Change of era
715 ; 715: The new era name was created to mark the beginning of the reign of Empress Genshō. The previous era ended and the new one commenced in Wadō 8, on the 3rd day of the 9th month of 715.
Events of the Reiki era
715 (Reiki 1): Empress Gemmei abdicates; and her daughter receives the succession (senso). Shortly thereafter, Empress Genshō formally accedes to the throne (sokui). Emperor Mommu, Genshō's father, had died in 707, but his son (her brother) was deemed too young to receive the succession (senso); and instead, the mother of the male heir formally acceded to the throne (sokui) as Empress Gemmei until her son would grow mature enough to accept senso and sokui. The future Emperor Shōmu's sister undertook a similar responsibility as Empress Genshō.
Notes
References
Brown, Delmer M. and Ichirō Ishida, eds. (1979). Gukanshō: The Future and the Past. Berkeley: University of California Press. ; OCLC 251325323
Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 58053128
Titsingh, Isaac. (1834). Nihon Ōdai Ichiran; ou, Annales des empereurs du Japon. Paris: Royal Asiatic Society, Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland. OCLC 5850691
Varley, H. Paul. (1980). A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns: Jinnō Shōtōki of Kitabatake Chikafusa. New York: Columbia University Press. ; OCLC 6042764
External links
National Diet Library, "The Japanese Calendar" -- historical overview plus illustrative images from library's collection
Japanese eras
8th century in Japan
715 beginnings
717 endings
The Akola Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Akola in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police. Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation.
Akola municipal corporation is located in Akola. Akola Municipal Corporation has been formed with functions to improve the infrastructure of town.
Revenue sources
The following are the Income sources for the Corporation from the Central and State Government.
Revenue from taxes
Following is the Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Property tax.
Profession tax.
Entertainment tax.
Grants from Central and State Government like Goods and Services Tax.
Advertisement tax.
Revenue from non-tax sources
Following is the Non Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Water usage charges.
Fees from Documentation services.
Rent received from municipal property.
Funds from municipal bonds.
Corporation Election 2017
Political performance in Election 2017
The results of Election 2017 are shown in the following table.
List of Mayor
List of Deputy Mayor
Municipal limit extension
The municipal limit of Akola Municipal Corporation was finalized to be extended on 30 Aug 2016 taking into the Municipal area surrounding 24 suburbs and villages. This has raised the area to 128 km2 and population to 537,137. The Municipal region is thus subdivided into 20 wards with 4 members for each accounting 80 total seats.
References
Akola
Municipal corporations in Maharashtra
Year of establishment missing
"Who Am I Telling You?" is a song written by American singer-songwriter J. J. Cale who recorded the tune together with British rock guitarist Eric Clapton for their 2006 collaborative release The Road to Escondido for Duck- and Reprise Records. The song, which is of four minute and eight second duration, features lead slide guitar playing by Derek Trucks from The Derek Trucks Band and The Allman Brothers Band and is written in the key of F major.
The song was recorded in August 2005 during the sessions for The Road to Escondido. Journalist Philip D. Huff from Twisted Ears calls the song "grand in its simplicity" where as critic Doug Collette from All About Jazz praises Truck's slide guitar playing on the song, noting: "he is readily identifiable on 'Who Am I Telling You?'" but at the same time thinks that "neither these, nor other arrangements allow for much extended improvisation during which Trucks–and/or Clapton and Cale."
In 2016, a live version featuring Clapton and Cale was released on Live in San Diego.
References
External links
"Who Am I Telling You?" at YouTube
Songs written by J. J. Cale
Eric Clapton songs
J. J. Cale songs
2006 songs
Sharbakty (, ) is a district of Pavlodar Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Sharbakty. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Pavlodar Region
Union Football Club d'Ixelles was a Belgian football club that took part in the first Belgian Championship in 1895. They finished 7th and therefore last in the league, which resulted in their relegation, and they were never able to return to the top flight. The club then dissolved in 1901.
References
Belgian football clubs history
RSSSF Archive
Union Ixelles
Association football clubs established in 1892
Association football clubs disestablished in 1901
1892 establishments in Belgium
1901 disestablishments in Belgium
Defunct football clubs in Belgium
Belgian First Division A clubs
Assheton St George Gorton (10 July 1930 – 14 September 2014) was an English production designer. He was educated at Sedbergh School. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film The French Lieutenant's Woman and was the BAFTA nominated art director for Michelangelo Antonioni's 1966 film Blowup.
Gorton had lived in Church Stoke in Powys, Wales since 1976. He died there in his sleep on 14 September 2014; he was 84. He was the son of Neville Gorton, Bishop of Coventry from 1943 to 1952, formerly headmaster of Blundell's School.
Selected filmography
The Knack ...and How to Get It (1965)
Blow-Up (1966)
Wonderwall (1968)
The Bliss of Mrs. Blossom (1968)
The Bed-Sitting Room (1969)
The Magic Christian (1969)
Get Carter (1971)
Zachariah (1971)
The Pied Piper (1972)
The French Lieutenant's Woman (1981)
Legend (1985)
Revolution (1985)
Lost Angels (1989)
For the Boys (1991)
Rob Roy (1995)
101 Dalmatians (1996)
102 Dalmatians (2000)
Shadow of the Vampire (2000)
References
Interview in The Journal of British Film and Television, Vol. 4, No. 2, Edinburgh University Press, November 2007
External links
Assheton Gorton Eithin Image Makers
Assheton Gorton Interview with The British Entertainment History Project
1930 births
2014 deaths
British film designers
People educated at Sedbergh School
Masters of the Art Worker's Guild
The Second League was restructured reducing number of zones from 9 to 3 due to withdrawals by clubs from Estonia, Georgia, Latvia (except Pardaugava Riga, a majority-Russian club) and Lithuania as they declared independence from the Soviet Union.
Final standings
West
Representation
: 11
4
: 3
2
: 1
1
Center
Representation
20
2
East
Representation
: 7
7
: 5
: 1
: 1
: 1
References
All-Soviet Archive Site
Results. RSSSF
Soviet Second League seasons
3
Soviet
Soviet
1990 in Russian football
1990 in Armenian football
1990 in Belarusian football
1990 in Kazakhstani football
1990 in Latvian football
1990 in Tajikistani football
1990 in Turkmenistani sport
1990 in Ukrainian association football leagues
1990 in Uzbekistani football
1
1
1
1
1990 in Kyrgyzstani football
Madison Keys was the defending champion but lost in the second round to Ons Jabeur.
Victoria Azarenka won the title via walkover, after Naomi Osaka withdrew from the final with a hamstring injury. This was Azarenka's first singles title since Miami in March 2016, and her first since giving birth to her son Leo in December 2016.
Seeds
The top eight seeds received a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Lucky loser
Daria Kasatkina
Qualifying draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
Seventh qualifier
Eighth qualifier
Ninth qualifier
Tenth qualifier
Eleventh qualifier
Twelfth qualifier
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Women's Singles
Penal damages are liquidated damages which exceed reasonable compensatory damages, making them invalid under common law. While liquidated damage clauses set a pre-agreed value on the expected loss to one party if the other party were to breach the contract, penal damages go further and seek to penalise the breaching party beyond the reasonable losses from the breach. Many clauses which are found to be penal are expressed as liquidated damages clauses but have been seen by courts as excessive and thus invalid.
The judicial approach to penal damages is conceptually important as it is one of the few examples of judicial paternalism in contract law. Even if two parties genuinely and without coercion wish to consent to a contract which includes a penal clause, they are unable to. So, for example, a person wishing to give up smoking cannot contract with a third party to be fined $100 each time they smoke as this figure does not represent the expectation loss of the contract.
A wholesale review of the English law rule against penalty clauses (as opposed to penal damages) was conducted by the UK Supreme Court in the 2015 judgment in Cavendish Square Holding BV v Talal El Makdessi.
As distinguished from other types of damages
Penal damages are to be distinguished from punitive damages, which are awarded in certain types of tort actions for actions which caused harm to the plaintiff. Penal damages are also different from treble damages, which are generally set by statute for certain violations of competition law and related laws.
See also
Penalties in English law
References
Contract law
Roja may refer to:
Roja (film), a 1992 Tamil-language film by director Mani Ratnam
Roja (soundtrack), a soundtrack album from the film
Roja Selvamani, an Indian actress-turned politician
Roja (Tamil TV series), a 2018 soap opera
Roja (Telugu TV series), a 2019 soap opera
Roja Chamankar, an Iranian poet
Roja, Latvia, a settlement in Roja Municipality, Latvia
Law of the Horse was a term used in the mid-1990s to define the state of cyberlaw during the nascent years of the Internet.
The term first gained prominence in a 1996 cyberlaw conference presentation by Judge Frank H. Easterbrook of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Easterbrook, who was also on the faculty of the University of Chicago, later published his presentation in the University of Chicago Legal Forum as "Cyberspace and the Law of the Horse", in which he argued against the notion of defining cyberlaw as a unique section of legal studies and litigation. Easterbrook cited Gerhard Casper as coining the expression “law of the horse,” and stated that Casper's arguments against specialized or niche legal studies applied to cyberlaw:
Easterbrook's theory was challenged by Lawrence Lessig, a professor at Harvard Law School, in a 1999 article "The Law of the Horse: What Cyberlaw Might Teach." Lessig's article, which was first presented at the Boston University Law School Faculty Workshop, argued that legal perceptions and rules would need to evolve as the cyberspace environment developed and expanded.
See also
Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace
References
Computer law
Works about computer law
Cyberspace
Metaphors referring to horses
Wilhelm "Willy" Maywald (15 August 1907 – 21 May 1985) was a German photographer who was best known for his portrait and fashion photography.
Early life and education
Maywald was born on August 15, 1907 in Kleve, German Empire (present day Germany) to a family of hoteliers. He grew up becoming interested in the aesthetics of art. Maywald studied at the Technical Schools of Art in Krefeld, Cologne and Berlin. His wide range of education was what let him be the avant-garde artist that he was.
Career
After school, Maywald returned to this hometown in 1931 but soon realized that the city was too small for the career he wanted for himself. He then moved to Paris where he began his career of photo reporting and befriending other modern artists. He chose to live a bohemian lifestyle and photographed various subjects such as artists, dancers, fashion, etc. Maywald photographed the qualities of living in France with his camera. He became an assistant to Harry Meerson who was a Polish photographer and started to learn from Meerson how to make a living from photography.
Maywald moved to Switzerland in 1942 and was held captive in camps for foreigners. In the year of 1943 he was allowed to start working again in portrait photography as a self-employed artist. Maywald was very well known for his black and white photography and stunning lighting.
When he moved back to Paris in August 1946 he mainly focused on fashion and celebrity photography. He photographed for various fashion designers and his images were recognized internationally. Maywald was known for photographing in unique scenes. He was one of the first fashion photographers to photograph his subjects in the streets of Paris. He had a way of photographing his subjects in these various places but the image still focused on the model/clothing. He became Christian Dior's elite photographer. Maywald photographed the well-known designers creations and his photographs were featured on the cover of several magazines including Vogue and Vanity Fair. Although Maywald was the main photographer for Dior, he also photographed for several other fashion designers at the time. Although photographing fashion, he produced images of celebrities as well.
These celebrities ranged from artists to movie stars to athletes: Tamara de Lempicka, Hans Arp, Georges Braque, Marc Chagall, Pablo Picasso, Le Corbusier, Fernand Léger, Joan Miró, Georges Rouault and Maurice Utrillo.
Maywald retired in 1968, and died in 1985 in Paris.
Publications
Maywald, Willy. Die Splitter Des Spiegels: Eine Illustrierte Autobiographie. German ed. Schirmer/Mosel, 1985. 292. Print
Selected exhibitions
Willy Maywald, Photographer and cosmopolitan. Portrait, fashion, and reportage, Berlin, 2015
Willy Maywald, Hommage aux Chapeaux 1936–1968 at the Atelier-Musee du Chapeau, 2013
Willy Maywald, Portrait of Le Corbusier, 1948 at the Luhring Augustine Gallery, New York City, 2006
References
External links
Sykora, Katharina. Willy Maywald: Photographer and Cosmopolitan: Portraits, Fashion, Repo. Kerber Verlag, 2015. 334. Print.
:de:Willy Maywald#cite note-de Werd516-1
:fr:Willy Maywald
1907 births
1985 deaths
Photographers from North Rhine-Westphalia
French photographers
20th-century French photographers
People from Kleve
Fashion photographers
Portrait photographers
Kenarbel, Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Marcin Listkowski (born 10 February 1998) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Lecce.
Club career
On 26 August 2020, Listkowski signed a five-year contract with Italian club Lecce.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
People from Rypin County
Sportspeople from Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
Polish footballers
Association football forwards
Poland under-21 international footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Pogoń Szczecin players
Raków Częstochowa players
U.S. Lecce players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
III liga players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Polish expatriate footballers
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Catch 21 is an American game show broadcast by Game Show Network (GSN). Created by Merrill Heatter (who also produced the show's predecessor Gambit), the series follows three contestants as they play a card game centered on blackjack and trivia. The show is based on a popular online game from GSN's website and aired for four seasons from 2008 to 2011. It was hosted by Alfonso Ribeiro, with actress Mikki Padilla serving as the card dealer.
The show received positive critical reception as a whole, the series itself was hailed as "a fun game with a solid concept" while Ribeiro was praised as "hands-down, one of the best game show hosts out there." Additionally, the series was acquired by Bounce TV in 2013, with the network hopeful it could "add fuel" to the channel's growing momentum. GSN revived the series on October 14, 2019, with Ribeiro returning to host and Witney Carson as the card dealer.
Gameplay
Main game
2008 version
Three contestants are each given a card to start a blackjack hand from a standard 52-card deck shuffled prior to taping. The host reads questions and the first contestant to answer correctly is dealt a card. The contestant who answers correctly can freeze their hand, preventing them from receiving additional cards or reveal the next card from the top of the deck.
After revealing the card, the contestant can either accept it for themselves or pass it to one of their opponents who have not yet frozen. If keeping a card, the contestant in control is given another chance to freeze. However, once a contestant has frozen, the remaining contestants must freeze at a score higher than that contestant, ties are not permitted. A contestant is eliminated from the round if their hand exceeds 21.
The process is repeated with additional questions and cards until two contestants have frozen or busted. A contestant whose score reaches 21 exactly instantly wins the round. Beginning in season two of the original series, a bonus prize is given to the contestant regardless of the outcome of the game. If two contestants bust, the remaining contestant automatically wins the round. If only one contestant has not yet frozen or busted, no additional questions are asked; the remaining contestant continues drawing cards until either beating the highest frozen hand or busting. The winner of the round receives a power chip to use in the bonus round, assuming that contestant gets that far. The original series used point scores in the first two rounds, with 100 points awarded for a correct answer, and 500 points for winning the hand. After two rounds, the contestant with the lowest score is eliminated.
If there is a tie for the lowest score, the players involved participate in a high-card draw. Each player is given the choice of taking the first or second card off the top of the deck, without being able to see either card before making their selection. The player who draws the higher card advances.
The two remaining contestants play one more round involving the same toss-up question format, but point scores are not kept. The contestant who wins the round receives $1,000 and two additional power chips (originally one), then moves on to the bonus round.
2019 revival
The 2019 revival changed several aspects of the game:
Other than the cards, there is no point scoring in any round.
The question and answers are shown on-screen. Also, the contestants must wait until the entire question is read to ring in.
There is no longer a bonus prize for the first 21.
If two players win the first two hands, those two players play the third round, and the third player is eliminated. If the same player wins the first two hands, a tiebreaker is played between the other two players.
In the tiebreaker ("High Card Playoff"), an additional trivia question is played. The player who answers correctly is shown the top card from the deck and chooses whether to take that card or pass it to their opponent and take the next card from the deck. The other player is given the second card; the higher card wins. (If there is a tie, an additional question is played.)
Winning the final round gives the player their required number of power chips based on the hand or hands they have won. On some episodes, the player is given an additional chip for winning the match.
Bonus round
The winner now controls three separate hands, each staked with one card. A new deck of 52 cards that has been shuffled and cut is used. Cards are drawn for the contestant, one at a time and the contestant then chooses a hand in which to place each card. The contestant can use a power chip to dispose of an unwanted card. If the contestant is in danger of busting on any hand, the contestant can end the round after successfully placing a card; a contestant cannot stop immediately after playing a power chip. Getting 21 in one hand wins $1,000, in two hands wins $5,000, and if 21 is scored on all three hands, the contestant wins the grand prize of $25,000. If the contestant busts on any one hand, the bonus money is forfeited and the game ends. On some episodes in season two, the top prize was increased to $50,000 with the other payouts remaining the same.
The 2019 revival has altered the payout structure to a 21 on one hand awarding $2,500, $5,000 for two, and $25,000 for all three.
Online game
The television version of the game was based on a popular online version from GSN's website. In this version, the online player has five minutes to make as many hands of 21 as they can use four columns. The player can play a card in any of their columns as long as the subsequent total is 21 or less. If the card cannot be played in any column, it must be discarded. Each hand of 21 earns the player 50 points. Playing exactly five cards in a column earns the player a 50-point bonus (called a "5-Card Charlie"), making that column worth a total of 100 points. Additionally, the jacks of spades and clubs allow any column to be cleared immediately for 75 points (called a "Blackjack Attack").
Production
The series featured executive producers Scott Sternberg and Merrill Heatter, and premiered on July 21, 2008. The first season consisted of 40 half-hour episodes. Prior to the show's premiere, a 30-minute documentary The Making of a Game Show: Catch 21 aired on GSN, featuring exclusive footage and interviews with production staff and Ribeiro. The name of the show is inspired by Catch-22, a phrase describing a paradox that cannot be avoided due to limits or a rules contradiction.
On February 18, 2009, GSN renewed the series for a 65-episode second season on April 6, 2009, which featured the addition of an extra power chip in the bonus round in order to increase contestant's chances of winning the top prize. A third season, which was announced on September 16, 2009, debuted on October 12, 2009, with some episodes featuring celebrities with a common bond (such as three The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air cast members or three former children stars) playing for charity. The show's fourth and final season debuted on August 16, 2010.
On March 21, 2019, Adweek reported that GSN would revive Catch 21, producing new episodes for the first time in nearly a decade. Ribeiro was chosen to return as host; Padilla, however, would not return and would be replaced with dancer Witney Carson. The change reunited Ribeiro and Carson, who had previously been partners—and champions—on season nineteen of Dancing with the Stars. Contestants cast for the revival were all current residents of Las Vegas, which is where the show is filmed. The revival filmed its episodes in July and August, and premiered on GSN on October 14, 2019.
Reception
Critical reception for Catch 21 was generally positive. Carrie Grosvenor of About Entertainment argued that the series was "a fun game with a solid concept. It's definitely worth checking out." Hollywood Junket also praised Ribeiro, calling him "hands-down, one of the best game show hosts out there... the fun, brother/sister type chemistry between himself and (Padilla) is rare and benefits the show greatly." Additionally, Bounce TV expressed excitement when announcing their acquisition of the series in 2013, citing the series' popularity among GSN viewers and consistent ratings growth during its original run. The network's chief operating officer Jonathan Katz commented, "We are very confident that the broadcast premieres of The American Bible Challenge and Catch 21 will add fuel to Bounce TV's skyrocketing growth." The revival's October 14, 2019, premiere earned 459,000 total viewers with a 0.04 rating in the 18–49 demographic.
References
External links
2000s American game shows
2008 American television series debuts
2010s American game shows
2011 American television series endings
2019 American television series debuts
2020s American game shows
2020 American television series endings
American game shows
American television series revived after cancellation
Blackjack television shows
English-language television shows
Game Show Network original programming
Television series by Heatter-Quigley Productions
Television shows filmed in Los Angeles
Television shows set in the Las Vegas Valley
Küçüksütlüce, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Sulfadiazine is an antibiotic. Used together with pyrimethamine, a dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor, it is the treatment of choice for toxoplasmosis, which is caused by a protozoan parasite. It is a second-line treatment for otitis media, prophylaxis of rheumatic fever, chancroid, chlamydia, and infections by Haemophilus influenzae. It is also used as adjunct therapy for chloroquine-resistant malaria and several forms of bacterial meningitis. It is taken by mouth. Sulfadiazine is available in multiple generic tablets of 500 mg. For urinary tract infections, the usual dose is 4 to 6 grams daily in 3 to 6 divided doses.
Common side effects include nausea, diarrhea, headache, fever, rash, depression, and pancreatitis. It should not be used in people who have severe liver problems, kidney problems, or porphyria. If used during pregnancy, it may increase the risk of kernicterus in the baby. While the company that makes it does not recommend use during breastfeeding, use is believed to be safe if the baby is otherwise healthy. It is in the sulfonamide class of medications.
Sulfadiazine was approved for medical use in the United States in 1941. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. Sulfadiazine is available as a generic medication.
Medical uses
It eliminates bacteria that cause infections by stopping the production of folate inside the bacterial cell, and is commonly used to treat urinary tract infections and burns.
In combination, sulfadiazine and pyrimethamine can be used to treat toxoplasmosis, the disease caused by Toxoplasma gondii.
Mechanism of action
Sulfadiazine works by inhibiting the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase.
Side effects
Side effects reported for sulfadiazine include nausea, loss of appetite, dizziness, gastrointestinal upset, rash and fever.
Brand names
This drug is sold branded as Lantrisul, Neotrizine, Sulfa-Triple #2, Sulfadiazine, Sulfaloid, Sulfonamides Duplex, Sulfose, Terfonyl, Triple Sulfa, Triple Sulfas, and Triple Sulfoid.
See also
Silver sulfadiazine
References
External links
Anilines
Aromatic amines
Pyrimidines
Sulfonamide antibiotics
World Health Organization essential medicines
Wikipedia medicine articles ready to translate
Daniil Sergeevich Barantsev (; born March 10, 1982) is a Russian-American former competitive ice dancer. With partner and wife Jennifer Wester, he is the 2007 Nebelhorn Trophy champion. He is a two-time (2000, 2001) World Junior champion with earlier partner Natalia Romaniuta.
Personal life
Daniil Barantsev was born March 10, 1982 in Yekaterinburg, Russian SFSR. He has a younger sister, Maria. He moved to the United States in 2002.
Barantsev married Jennifer Wester on May 6, 2006. They have two sons, Anden Daniel Barantsev, born on December 29, 2011, and Devin, born in July 2014.
He now lives and works in Dallas, Texas.
Career
For Russia
Barantsev began skating at age four and was coached by Alexei Gorshkov from 1994 to 2002. He competed in singles from 1986-1997, competing through the Junior level equivalent of USFigureSkating under the Russian system. He teamed up with Natalia Romaniuta in 1996. They began competing on the ISU Junior Grand Prix Series in 1997, winning a silver medal and placing 4th at their two events. They qualified for their first ISU Junior Grand Prix Final, where they finished 5th. They placed 7th in their first appearance at the World Junior Championships. In 1997, Barantsev dropped his competitive track in singles skating to pursue goals in the partnered discipline of ice dance under the direction of the Russian system of development.
The following season, Romaniuta/Barantsev won gold and silver on JGP series and qualified for their second Final, where they took the bronze medal. They finished their season with bronze at the 1999 World Junior Championships.
In 1999–2000, Romaniuta/Barantsev won gold in every junior-level they entered, including the JGP Final and the 2000 World Junior Championships. They also made their senior international debut at the 2000 World Championships in Nice, France, finishing 16th.
In 2000–2001, they competed on the senior Grand Prix series, finishing 6th and 9th at their two events. They were sent again to Junior Worlds and took their second gold medal at the event.
In the 2001–2002 season, Romaniuta/Barantsev competed a second season on the Grand Prix series, winning bronze at the 2001 Sparkassen Cup and placing 5th at 2001 Cup of Russia. They were assigned to the 2002 European Championships but withdrew from the event. Their partnership ended in 2002.
For the United States
Barantsev moved to the United States to work with Nikolai Morozov, who coached him from 2002 to 2007. He teamed up with Jennifer Wester in Newington, Connecticut in March 2003. She underwent surgery on her shoulder in 2003 and again in 2004.
Skating association paperwork issues prevented Wester/Barantsev from competing nationally until 2005. As a result of ISU paperwork regulations, they remained ineligible for international competitions until the Russian Skating Federation granted Barantsev a release, in January 2007. In the same month, Wester injured her knee in a practice immediately prior to the 2007 U.S. Championships, where they finished sixth. Initially believed to be a severe bone bruise, her injury was diagnosed in April 2007 as a fractured patella requiring immediate surgery.
In the summer of 2007, Wester/Barantsev moved to Bloomfield Hills, Michigan to train at the Detroit Skating Club under the tutelage of Anjelika Krylova and Pasquale Camerlengo. Recovering slowly from her injury, Wester returned to the ice around mid-June 2007. In September, the duo won gold at the 2007 Nebelhorn Trophy, skating in their first international competition as a team.
Wester/Barantsev placed fourth at their first ISU Championship together, the 2008 Four Continents Championships. In autumn 2008, they debuted on the Grand Prix series, Wester competing with pneumonia.
A back injury to Barantsev led them to withdraw from the U.S. Championships in January 2009 and Wester underwent knee surgery later that year. The two did not compete the following season and retired from competition.
Coaching
In 2010, Barantsev began coaching full time in Connecticut. In 2017, Daniil moved from Connecticut to Texas.
Programs
With Wester
With Romaniuta
Results
With Wester for the United States
With Romaniuta for Russia
References
External links
American male ice dancers
Russian male ice dancers
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Brienne-le-Château () is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France. It is located from the right bank of the river Aube and 26 miles northeast of Troyes.
History
It was the centre of the medieval County of Brienne, whose lords, first counts and eventually dukes, had a claim to the Kingdom of Jerusalem. John of Brienne ( c. 1170 – 27 March 1237), also known as John I, was King of Jerusalem from 1210 to 1225 (and Latin Emperor of Constantinople from 1229 to 1237). He was the youngest son of Erard II of Brienne, a wealthy nobleman in Champagne.
The École de Brienne was established in 1730 and remained active until it was closed in 1790. It is currently a museum. Notable students included:
Napoleon Bonaparte (1779 to 1784) (French Emperor)
Władysław Franciszek Jabłonowski (1783) (Polish general)
Louis-Nicolas Davout (French Marshal)
Antoine Le Picard de Phélippeaux
In 1814, it was the site of the Battle of Brienne, when the Sixth Coalition invaded France.
Population
See also
Communes of the Aube department
Parc naturel régional de la Forêt d'Orient
References
References
External links
Official site
Communes of Aube
Palaces and residences of Napoleon
Aube communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Tractor Drivers () is a 1939 Soviet comedy drama film directed by Ivan Pyryev.
Plot
In the 1930s, the demobilized tank driver Klim Yarko returns to his kolkhoz on the Ukrainian steppe, where Mariana Bazhan works as the master of speed plowing. This results in her having a lot of admirers, which she does not appreciate. To dissuade her suitors, Mariana asks Nazar Duma to pretend to be her fiancé.
Starring
Marina Ladynina as Maryana Bazhan
Nikolay Kryuchkov as Klim Yarko
Boris Andreyev as Nazar Duma
Stepan Kayukov as Kirill Petrovich, head of the collective farm
Pyotr Aleynikov as Savka
Vladimir Kolchin as Kharitosha
Olga Borovikova as Franya
R. Dneprova-Chajka as Markovna
Pyotr Valerianov as Granddad
Alexei Dolinin as Firefighter
Pyotr Savin as tankman, Klim's friend
Artavazd Kefchiyan as tankman, Klim's friend
Cultural influence
The March of the Soviet Tankmen from this film was widely used in pre-war Soviet propaganda, while other tunes became popular songs, and are still performed.
Tractor Drivers 2 was a parody film made in 1991, whose plot is loosely based on that of Tractor Drivers.
References
External links
1939 films
1930s Russian-language films
Soviet comedy-drama films
1939 comedy-drama films
Soviet black-and-white films
Films set in Ukraine
Films shot in Ukraine
Films directed by Ivan Pyryev
Mosfilm films
Gesetze der Liebe: Aus der Mappe eines Sexualforschers (English: "Laws of Love: From the Portfolio of a Sexologist") is a 1927 film produced by Magnus Hirschfeld, a sexologist who ran the Berlin Institut für Sexualwissenschaft ("Institute for Sexual Science"), Hermann Beck and the Humboldt-Film-Gesellschaft.
Like its predecessor film from 1919, Anders als die Andern (English: "Different from the Others") – believed to be the first film in the world which positively depicted gay men – it campaigned against Paragraph 175, the provision of the German Penal Code which prohibited sex between men (sodomy law).
Plot
The film is framed as a lecture in five chapters, given by Magnus Hirschfeld. Hirschfeld was a sexologist from Berlin and an early gay rights activist.
The film dealt with sexual intercourse in the animal kingdom, discussing gestation, birth, and the nurturing of newborns, before dealing with "sexual intermediates" in chapter four, a term used by Hirschfeld to refer to certain gender and sexual minorities: hermaphrodites (intersex people), transvestites (cross-dressing and transgender people) and homosexuals.
The fifth and final chapter was an abridged version of Anders als die Andern entitled Schuldlos geächtet! Tragödie eines Homosexuellen ("Innocently Outlawed! Tragedy of a Homosexual").
Timeline of censorship
6 October 1927: The film is approved by the Film Review Office, provided it removed references to law reform (opposition to Paragraph 175).
12 October: At the behest of FRO chairman , the film was re-screened before a new panel of censors, who decided to totally ban the film.
31 October: On appeal, the previous decision to totally ban the film is reversed. The new panel ruled that the film could be shown, if accompanied with a lecture by a doctor or scientist. However, two members of this panel dissented.
9 November: The film is released for adult audiences only, with the segments on sexual intermediacy in chapter four removed, dealing with homosexuality along with all chapter five.
Legacy
During the few days it actually ran in Berlin, chapter 5 ("Innocently Outlawed") was not well received, even among the gay press.
However, it is this chapter which was smuggled out of Berlin and into the Soviet Union in 1928, where it played under the title Zakony Ijubvi ("Laws of Love"), now the sole version of Anders als die Andern in circulation today (the German copies being destroyed during Nazi Germany, who saw Hirschfeld's work on homosexuality as degenerate).
In 2021 a restored version of the film was released by the Munich Film Museum.
References
1920s LGBT-related films
1920s rediscovered films
1927 drama films
1927 films
Films directed by Richard Oswald
Films of the Weimar Republic
Gay-related films
German black-and-white films
German drama films
German LGBT-related films
German silent feature films
LGBT-related drama films
Magnus Hirschfeld
Rediscovered German films
Silent drama films
Concretely () is a liberal political party in Slovenia led by former Minister of Economical Development and Techonolgy Zdravko Počivalšek. Founding congress took place on 4 December 2021 in Celje. Concretly is a result of a merger between the Modern Centre Party (SMC) and Economic Activity Party (). It is a member of Let's Connect Slovenia alliance.
History
At Počivalšek's takeover on the lead of the political party in 2019 he announced consolidation of SMC party. On SMC congress on 16 September Počivalšek announced a fusion with GAS, which was led by the president of the National Council of Slovenia, Alojz Kovšca. Delegates of both parties supported the merger, they also announced a merger with a few smaller local parties. GAS made a decision about consolidation in November 2021.
On 4 December 2021, SMC merged with the extra-parliamentary Economic Activity Party. With this, SMC's membership in Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party (ALDE) was automatically terminated. After the process, newly formed Concretely kept its 5 members of the Parliament. Later in December 2021, MP Mateja Udovč left the party, leaving Concretely with 4 members of the parliament (the number which it kept until the 8th term of Slovene National Assembly concluded in 2022).
Results
National Assembly
References
2021 establishments in Slovenia
Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party member parties
Centrist parties in Slovenia
Liberal International
Liberal parties in Slovenia
Political parties established in 2021
Social liberal parties
Pro-European political parties in Slovenia
Toon In with Me is an American live-action/animated anthology television series created by Neal Sabin for MeTV and MeTV Plus. A special preview episode aired on January 1, 2021, with the main series officially debuting on January 4, 2021.
The show is hosted in live-action segments by Bill, MeTV's "cartoon curator", along with his puppet friend, Toony the Tuna. Each episode contains five animated shorts taken from classic series (with properties from entertainment conglomerates such as Paramount, Sony, WildBrain, MGM, and WBD) including Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies, Tom and Jerry, Betty Boop, Popeye, The Pink Panther, The Inspector, Color Rhapsodies, and many others.
Premise and characters
Toon In with Me harkens back to locally produced children's programs that aired from the 1930s through the 1990s, with a live-action host, comedy and puppet segments in between classic cartoons.
The show is hosted from the MeTV studios by Bill the Cartoon Curator (played by Bill Leff).
His co-host is Toony (puppeteered by Kevin Fleming), a cartoon-loving tuna puppet, whom Bill has to take care of while Toony's owner, Goldie Fisher (Leila Gorstein) (Seasons 1-2), is away on a world tour. As they present all of the cartoons, Bill and Toony deal with various issues in the studio, video chat with Goldie and receive useful information from game show host Mr. Quizzer (also played by Fleming). Fleming and Gorstein also play many other characters.
Each episode (except for "MeTV's Cartoon Kick-Off Show") contains five classic animated shorts, and ends with Bill and Toony showing off drawings and photos sent in by fans via the show's website.
On Friday, June 24, 2022, Leila Gorstein left the show in the episode "Farewell Goldie", and as Leila left the show, so did a number of her characters such as Boxcar, Lorna Green and others.
Episodes
Guest Stars
Spin-off
Sventoonie, a spin-off television series of Toon In with Me as well as the TV hosted horror movie series Svengoolie, premiered on Me TV on March 26, 2022. Sventoonie is also by hosted Toony (voiced and performed by Kevin Fleming). His co-hosts are Blob E. Blob, a puppet blob fish DJ who speaks in sound effects, and Trevor Ground, an undead video store clerk (performed by Steven Fleming) In the series, Sventoonie and his guests provide breakdowns and commentary of a condensed edit of a horror movie from the set of Svengoolie.
On July 16th 2022, MeTV announced that Sventoonie would be renewed for a second season beginning in October 2022.
Series featured
Toon-In With Me showcases classic animated theatrical shorts from the Golden Age of American Animation. Most of the cartoons shown are from Warner Bros. or subsidiaries owned by Warner Bros. Discovery, such as Turner Entertainment. This includes the original Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoons made by Warner Bros. cartoons, cartoons originally made by the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio (ie. Tom and Jerry, Droopy, Barney Bear, Screwy Squirrel, George and Junior, and Happy Harmonies) as well as the Popeye the Sailor and Superman shorts from Fleischer and Famous Studios originally released by Paramount Pictures.
Outside of Warner Bros, Toon in with Me also showcases cartoons owned by other studios such as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (ie. DePatie-Freleng cartoons: The Pink Panther, The Inspector and Roland and Rattfink), Sony Pictures (Screen Gems' Color Rhapsodies), Paramount Pictures (Max Fleischer's Betty Boop and Color Classics) and NBCUniversal (Walter Lantz's Woody Woodpecker).
See also
Saturday morning cartoon
Golden Age of American animation
References
External links
2020s American animated television series
2020s American anthology television series
2020s American children's comedy television series
2020s American sketch comedy television series
2021 American television series debuts
American children's animated anthology television series
American children's animated comedy television series
American television series with live action and animation
American television shows featuring puppetry
Children's sketch comedy
Looney Tunes television series
Tom and Jerry television series
Tex Avery
Betty Boop
Popeye the Sailor television series
The Pink Panther (cartoons) television series
Animation fandom
English-language television shows
MeTV original programming
Television series about fish
Into the Wide is the fourth full-length studio album by the band Delta Spirit, released in 2014. It is the band's first album on Dualtone Records.
Track listing
Deluxe Edition - Released June 29, 2015
Personnel
Matthew Vasquez - vocals, guitars
Kelly Winrich - keys, programming, guitars, percussion, lapsteel, dronebox, bg's
William Mclaren - guitars, bg's
Johnathan Jameson - bass, bg's
Brandon Young - drums, percussion, bg's
Charts
References
2014 albums
Delta Spirit albums
Dualtone Records albums
Blue Exorcist is an anime series adapted from the manga of the same title by Kazue Kato. It is directed by Tensai Okamura and produced by A-1 Pictures. It began broadcasting in Japan on the MBS TV and the TBS Television on April 17, 2011, the anime then ended on October 2, 2011. The series was originally scheduled to start airing on April 10, 2011, however due to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, the series' initial broadcast was delayed by a week. The episodes are being simulcasted with English subtitles online via Hulu, Anime News Network, and Crunchyroll, starting on April 20, 2011. Aniplex of America released Blue Exorcist on DVD in four sets, starting by releasing the first DVD on October 18, 2011.
Four pieces of theme music are used for the episodes: two opening themes and two ending themes. The opening theme for the first 12 episodes is "Core Pride" by Uverworld, while the opening theme from episode 13 onwards is "In My World" by Rookiez is Punk'd. The ending theme for the first 12 episodes is "Take Off" by South Korean boy band 2PM, while the ending theme from episode 13 onwards is "Wired Life" by Meisa Kuroki.
Episode list
References
Blue Exorcist episode lists
2011 Japanese television seasons
Lavallee Peak () is a peak high just northwest of Gibraltar Peak in the West Quartzite Range of Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–1964, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant David O. Lavallee, U.S. Navy, a biological diver at McMurdo Station during the summers of 1963–64, 1964–65 and 1966–67.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Maraniss is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrew Maraniss, American sportswriter
David Maraniss (born 1949), American journalist and author
Americanized surnames
Kabaca, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Costel Lazăr (born 19 June 1962) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a midfielder. After ending his playing career, he worked as a sports director at Astra Giurgiu and Petrolul Ploiești.
International career
Costel Lazăr played two friendly games at international level for Romania against Egypt.
Honours
Petrolul Ploiești
Divizia B: 1988–89
Midia Năvodari
Divizia C: 1996–97
Notes
References
1962 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Romania international footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
Liga II players
Israeli Premier League players
Liga Leumit players
FC Petrolul Ploiești players
Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C. players
Shimshon Tel Aviv F.C. players
FCM Câmpina players
FC Astra Giurgiu players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Romanian expatriates in Israel
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Romanian sports executives and administrators
Sportspeople from Ploiești
Quiero Ser (1981) is Menudo's ninth Spanish album and the second one released in 1981, featuring Ricky Meléndez, René Farrait, Johnny Lozada, Xavier Serbiá and Miguel Cancel. With this album, their popularity started rising all over Latin America.
Track listing
(*) in the Dominican Republic and Mexico: "Súbete a Mi Moto", in Puerto Rico, Sube a mi Motora, in Brasil (Long Play and Tape) "Menudo Mania": "Sobe em Minha Moto", sung in Brazilian Portuguese by Ricky Meléndez and in English Motorcycle Dreamer first recorded by Miguel Cancel and then Ricky Meléndez in the album “Reaching Out”.
Personnel
Adapted from album back cover
Javier Romeu - Drums
Manuel Aguilar - Bass
José Ganoza - Rhythm
Carlos Villa - Guitar
Rafael Martínez - Guitar
Alejandro Monroy - Piano
References
Menudo (band) albums
1981 albums
Tamatea is a suburb in the west of the city of Napier, in the Hawke's Bay Region of New Zealand's eastern North Island.
Demographics
Tamatea, comprising the statistical areas of Tamatea West, Tamatea North and Tamatea East, had a population of 5,415 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 375 people (7.4%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 294 people (5.7%) since the 2006 census. There were 2,031 households. There were 2,598 males and 2,814 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.92 males per female, with 1,224 people (22.6%) aged under 15 years, 1,032 (19.1%) aged 15 to 29, 2,190 (40.4%) aged 30 to 64, and 963 (17.8%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 78.1% European/Pākehā, 28.5% Māori, 4.0% Pacific peoples, 5.0% Asian, and 1.9% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 13.1%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 53.5% had no religion, 32.8% were Christian, 0.3% were Hindu, 0.3% were Muslim, 0.6% were Buddhist and 5.0% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 498 (11.9%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 1,017 (24.3%) people had no formal qualifications. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 2,049 (48.9%) people were employed full-time, 588 (14.0%) were part-time, and 153 (3.7%) were unemployed.
Education
Porritt School is a state primary school, with a roll of .
Tamatea School is a state primary school, with a roll of .
Tamatea Intermediate is a state intermediate school, with a roll of .
Tamatea High School is a state secondary school, with a roll of .
All these schools are co-educational. Rolls are as of
References
Suburbs of Napier, New Zealand
The 2016–17 HC Slovan Bratislava season will be the 5th season for Bratislava based club in Kontinental Hockey League.
Schedule and results
Pre-season
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|1||July 27|| Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod|| 2–3 ||Slovan Bratislava|| Maribor, Slovenia||||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|2||July 29|| PSG Zlín|| 2–3 ||Slovan Bratislava|| Zimní stadion Luďka Čajky||2,700||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|3||August 3|| HC Sparta Praha|| 4–2 ||Slovan Bratislava|| O2 Arena||||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|4||August 4|| HC Kometa Brno|| 5–3 ||Slovan Bratislava|| DRFG Arena||5,212||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|5||August 9||Slovan Bratislava || 2–1 || HC Kometa Brno|| Ondrej Nepela Arena||5,260||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|6||August 11|| Linköpings HC|| 4–2 ||Slovan Bratislava || Werk Arena||511||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|7||August 12|| HC Oceláři Třinec|| 2–3 ||Slovan Bratislava || Werk Arena||2,925||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|8||August 14|| HC Vítkovice Steel|| 0–2 ||Slovan Bratislava || Werk Arena||||
|-bgcolor= ffeeaa
|9||August 16||Slovan Bratislava || 2–3 SO || KHL Medveščak Zagreb|| Ondrej Nepela Arena||5,127||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|10||August 18||Slovan Bratislava || 5–2 || PSG Zlín|| Ondrej Nepela Arena||3,730||
|-
|-
| align="center"|
Regular season
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|1||23||Ak Bars|| 2–1 ||Slovan Bratislava|| Pogge ||TatNeft Arena || 8,890 ||0–0–0–1||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|2||25||Lada Togliatti|| 5–2 ||Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Lada Arena || 4,550 ||0–0–0–2||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|3||29||Slovan Bratislava|| 7–4 ||Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod|| Pogge ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 8,773 ||1–0–0–2||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|4||31||Slovan Bratislava|| 3–1 ||HC Sochi|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 8,697 ||2–0–0–2||
|-
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|5||4||Slovan Bratislava || 1–2 || Spartak Moscow|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 9,254 ||2–0–0–3||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|6||9||Metallurg Novokuznetsk || 2–1 || Slovan Bratislava|| Pogge ||Sports Palace || 2,395 ||2–0–0–4||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|7||11||Avangard Omsk || 3–4 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Arena Omsk || 9,870 ||3–0–0–4||
|-bgcolor= ffeeaa
|8||13||Sibir Novosibirsk || 3–2 SO || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Ice Sports Palace || 7,400 ||3–0–1–4||
|-bgcolor= d0e7ff
|9||17||Slovan Bratislava || 3–2 SO || Medveščak Zagreb|| Pogge, Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 9,580 ||3–1–1–4||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|10||20||Metallurg Magnitogorsk || 4–2 ||Slovan Bratislava || Pogge ||Arena Metallurg || 6,370 ||3–1–1–5||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|11||22||Salavat Yulaev Ufa || 6–3 ||Slovan Bratislava || Pogge ||Ufa Arena || 6,537 ||3–1–1–6||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|12||24||Traktor Chelyabinsk || 1–3 ||Slovan Bratislava || Brust ||Traktor Ice Arena || 7,000 ||4–1–1–6||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|13||30|| Medveščak Zagreb || 6–0 ||Slovan Bratislava || Brust, Pogge ||Arena Zagreb || 5,026 ||4–1–1–7||
|-
|-bgcolor= ffeeaa
|14||2||Slovan Bratislava || 1–2 OT || CSKA Moscow|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||4–1–2–7||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|15||4||Slovan Bratislava || 0–6 || SKA Saint Petersburg|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||4–1–2–8||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|16||6||Slovan Bratislava || 3–2 || Severstal Cherepovets|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 7,613 ||5–1–2–8||
|-bgcolor= d0e7ff
|17||10||Lokomotiv Yaroslavl || 2–3 OT || Slovan Bratislava|| Pogge ||Arena 2000 || 7,986 ||5–2–2–8||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|18||12||Dynamo Moscow || 3–5 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||VTB Ice Palace || 4,653 ||6–2–2–8||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|19||14||Vityaz || 3–2 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Vityaz Ice Palace || 3,250 ||6–2–2–9||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|20||17||Slovan Bratislava || 2–5 || Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk|| Pogge, Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 7,576 ||6–2–2–10||
|-bgcolor= d0e7ff
|21||19||Slovan Bratislava || 2–1 OT || Ak Bars Kazan|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 8,187 ||6–3–2–10||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|22||21||Slovan Bratislava || 3–2 || Lada Togliatti|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 9,729 ||7–3–2–10||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|23||25||SKA Saint Petersburg || 6–1 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust, Pogge ||Ice Palace || 11,981 ||7–3–2–11||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|24||27||CSKA Moscow || 4–2 || Slovan Bratislava|| Pogge ||CSKA Ice Palace || 3,300 ||7–3–2–12||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|25||29||Severstal Cherepovets || 1–3 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Ice Palace || 3,960 ||8–3–2–12||
|-
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|26||8||Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg || 1–4 || Slovan Bratislava|| Pogge ||KRK Uralets || 3,700 ||9–3–2–12||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|27||10|| Barys Astana || 5–1 || Slovan Bratislava|| Pogge ||Barys Arena || 4,220 ||9–3–2–13||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|28||12|| HC Ugra || 2–1 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Arena Ugra || 3,300 ||9–3–2–14||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|29||15|| Slovan Bratislava || 2–1 || Jokerit|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||10–3–2–14||
|-bgcolor= ffeeaa
|30||17|| Slovan Bratislava || 1–2 SO || Dinamo Riga|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||10–3–3–14||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|31||19|| Slovan Bratislava || 1–2 || Dinamo Minsk|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||10–3–3–15||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|32||22|| Sochi || 3–0 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Bolshoy Ice Dome || 5,238 ||10–3–3–16||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|33||24|| Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod || 1–4 || Slovan Bratislava|| Pogge ||CEC Nagorny || 5,500 ||11–3–3–16||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|34||26|| Spartak Moscow || 4–2 || Slovan Bratislava|| Pogge ||Luzhniki Small Arena || 7,511 ||11–3–3–17||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|35||30|| Slovan Bratislava || 2–5 || Sibir Novosibirsk|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 7,458 ||11–3–3–18||
|-
|-bgcolor= ffeeaa
|36||2|| Slovan Bratislava || 4–5 SO || Metallurg Novokuznetsk|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 7,360 ||11–3–4–18||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|37||3|| Slovan Bratislava || 3–5 || Avangard Omsk|| Pogge ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 9,833 ||11–3–4–19||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|38||6|| Dinamo Minsk || 4–1 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Minsk-Arena || 10,869 ||11–3–4–20||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|39||8|| Jokerit || 1–3 || Slovan Bratislava|| Pogge ||Hartwall Arena || 8,689 ||12–3–4–20||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|40||10|| Dinamo Riga || 3–2 || Slovan Bratislava|| Pogge ||Inbox.lv ledus halle || 1,184 ||12–3–4–21||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|41||20|| Slovan Bratislava || 4–1 || Salavat Yulaev Ufa|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 6,770 ||13–3–4–21||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|42||21|| Slovan Bratislava || 1–0 || Traktor Chelyabinsk|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 6,844 ||14–3–4–21||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|43||23|| Slovan Bratislava || 2–4 || Metallurg Magnitogorsk|| Pogge ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||14–3–4–22||
|-bgcolor= d0e7ff
|44||26|| Slovan Bratislava || 5–4 SO || Spartak Moscow|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||14–4–4–22||
|-
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|45||3|| Slovan Bratislava || 2–0 || Amur Khabarovsk|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 9,205 ||15–4–4–22||
|-bgcolor= ffeeaa
|46||5|| Slovan Bratislava || 1–2 OT || Kunlun Red Star|| Pogge ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||15–4–5–22||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|47||8|| Slovan Bratislava || 3–2 || Admiral Vladivostok|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 8,681 ||16–4–5–22||
|-bgcolor= d0e7ff
|48||11|| Slovan Bratislava || 3–2 OT || Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 7,624 ||16–5–5–22||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|49||13|| Slovan Bratislava || 4–1 || Barys Astana|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 9,566 ||17–5–5–22||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|50||15|| Slovan Bratislava || 3–2 || HC Ugra|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 9,708 ||18–5–5–22||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|51||17|| Spartak Moscow || 0–3 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Luzhniki Small Arena|| 7,284 ||19–5–5–22||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|52||19|| Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk || 2–3 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||SCC Arena|| 5,300 ||20–5–5–22||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|53||24|| Amur Khabarovsk || 1–2 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Platinum Arena|| 7,000 ||21–5–5–22||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|54||26|| Kunlun Red Star || 2–0 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||LeSports Center|| 2,400 ||21–5–5–23||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|55||28|| Admiral Vladivostok || 2–1 || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust ||Fetisov Arena|| 5,841 ||21–5–5–24||
|-bgcolor= d0e7ff
|56||31|| Slovan Bratislava || 3–2 SO || Lokomotiv Yaroslavl|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||21–6–5–24||
|-
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|57||2|| Slovan Bratislava || 1–2 || Dynamo Moscow|| Pogge ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||21–6–5–25||
|-bgcolor= ffbbbb
|58||3|| Slovan Bratislava || 1–6 || Vityaz|| Brust ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||21–6–5–26||
|-bgcolor= d0e7ff
|59||14|| Medveščak Zagreb || 4–5 OT || Slovan Bratislava|| Brust, Pogge ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 6,814 ||21–7–5–26||
|-bgcolor= ddffdd
|60||15|| Slovan Bratislava || 7–5 || Medveščak Zagreb|| Pogge ||Ondrej Nepela Arena || 10,055 ||22–7–5–26||
|-
|-
|align="center"|
Standings
Western Conference
Team statistics
All statistics are for regular season only.
Notes
Source:
Roster changes
Players Joining
Players Leaving
Player signings
This is the list of all players that extended their contracts with HC Slovan Bratislava:
Players lost via retirement
See also
HC Slovan Bratislava all-time KHL record
List of HC Slovan Bratislava seasons
References
Bratislava
HC Slovan Bratislava seasons
Bratislava
Celypha argyrata is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 11 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale brownish grey with blackish-brown spots and longitudinal lines along the median area and postmedially. The posterior third of the wing is white silver with suffusions and weak marks. The hindwings are pale brown.
Etymology
The name refers to colouration of distal third of forewing and is derived from Latin argyrata (meaning tinged with silver).
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Guy Adrian Vander Jagt ( ; August 26, 1931 – June 22, 2007) was a Republican politician from Michigan. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives and Chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee.
Vander Jagt was described by President Nixon as "the best public speaker in America," a sentiment echoed by the producer of the Homebuilder's Convention: "I've been doing this for 26 years and have worked with Colin Powell, Margaret Thatcher and George Bush and many other greats and Vander Jagt was by far the best speaker we ever had." Ronald Reagan was quoted as saying "some call me the great communicator but if there was one thing I dreaded during my eight years in Washington it was having to follow Guy Vander Jagt to the podium."
Early life and education
Vander Jagt was born in Cadillac, Michigan, to Marie and Harry Vander Jagt, a Dutch immigrant. Harry was a rancher, and as a youth, Guy worked on the family's farm near Cadillac. His talent for public speaking emerged as he began preaching at the Tustin Presbyterian Church while a student at Cadillac High School. He graduated from Hope College in Holland in 1953. While a student at Hope College, he was the state debate champion of Michigan for three years and won the National Oratorical Championship during his senior year. He was also the student body president during his senior year and worked as a radio disc jockey at WHTC.
Vander Jagt went on to attend Yale Divinity School, graduating in 1955 with a B.D. In 1956, he received a Rotary Foundation Fellowship to study for a year at the University of Bonn, Germany.
When he returned to West Michigan, Vander Jagt served as an interim pastor of the Cadillac Congregational Church for a short time, before working at the WWTV TV station as a newscaster and news director. He reportedly memorized the text of each broadcast.
Vander Jagt next returned to school to study law at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., but soon transferred to the University of Michigan Law School, where he received his J.D. in 1960. He began practicing law in Grand Rapids.
State Senate
In 1964, he was elected to the Michigan State Senate.
Following the death of U.S. Senator Patrick V. McNamara in April 1966, Vander Jagt, along with fellow Republicans Robert P. Griffin and Leroy Augenstein, was a leading contender for appointment to the vacant US Senate seat. Michigan Governor George Romney set guidelines for determining a consensus candidate, including a minimum of 65% support. When it became clear that neither man would meet that threshold, Vander Jagt withdrew and threw his support behind Griffin, who was appointed to the Senate in May. In turn, Vander Jagt entered the race to succeed Griffin in Michigan's 9th congressional district, which stretched from his home in Cadillac along the Lake Michigan shoreline to Muskegon and the suburbs of Grand Rapids.
Vander Jagt ran in two elections on November 8, 1966–a special election for the balance of Griffin's fifth term, and a regular election for a full two-year term. He won both handily and was reelected 12 times, never facing serious opposition in a district widely considered to be the most Republican district in Michigan.
Congressional career
Committees
One of his earliest appointments was to the House Committee on Science and Astronautics during the development of the U.S. space program and leading to the moon landing. On the Conservation and National Resources Subcommittee, he worked to establish Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore near his home, although he later had cause to note that park mismanagement illustrated "one of the most reprehensible aspects of the land acquisition process." As a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, President Richard Nixon sent him on trade missions to Africa and Asia. Vander Jagt was appointed to the Ways and Means Committee in 1974 where he served on the Trade and Select Revenue Measures Subcommittees. He continued to serve on this committee throughout his House career. He also served on the Joint Tax Committee of the U.S. House and U.S. Senate.
National leadership
In 1980, Vander Jagt was chosen by presidential nominee Ronald Reagan to deliver the keynote address at the Republican National Convention in Detroit. He delivered the address on Wednesday July 16 without notes, relying entirely on memory. He was being considered as a potential Vice Presidential candidate. Using momentum from the convention speech, Vander Jagt ran for House Minority Leader after John J. Rhodes of Arizona decided not to run for the post again, but lost to Bob Michel of Illinois. Vander Jagt served as Chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee from 1975 until he left the House. Vander Jagt made a young Newt Gingrich the chairman of a Republican long-range planning committee before Gingrich was even sworn in, catapulting him ahead of sitting committee members.
Repeal of the Twenty-Second Constitutional Amendment
In the late 1980s, Vander Jagt helped lead an effort to repeal the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution, which limits a President to serve two terms. "Ronald Reagan is one of the greatest American Presidents of all time, and I want to keep him on the job," he explained in 1986, in a fundraising letter to raise funds for such a campaign. In 1986, and again in 1987, 1989, and 1991, he sponsored such an amendment in the House.
Post-government career
In 1992, Vander Jagt's district was renumbered as the 2nd district. For the first time since his initial run in 1966, he faced a serious primary opponent in Herman Miller executive and fellow Dutch-American Pete Hoekstra. While Hoekstra had never run for office before, he made a name for himself by riding his bicycle across the district. Hoekstra also claimed that Vander Jagt had been in Congress for too long; Vander Jagt had won his first election when Hoekstra was 13 years old.
Hoekstra scored a major upset, winning by over six points. He dominated his base in the district's more populated southern portion, including Muskegon and the Grand Rapids suburbs. Vander Jagt's margins in the northern portion weren't enough to close the gap.
Vander Jagt returned to private law practice with the Cleveland-based law firm BakerHostetler.
References
Hope College Joint Archives, holder of most of his papers, others are held by Grand Valley State University
Grand Valley State Special Collections & University Archives, Guy Vander Jagt Papers, RHC-11
Frontline interview "The Long March of Newt Gingrich"
Notes
External links
|-
|-
1931 births
2007 deaths
People from Cadillac, Michigan
American people of Dutch descent
American Presbyterians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Michigan
Michigan state senators
20th-century American politicians
Hope College alumni
Politicians from Grand Rapids, Michigan
Yale University alumni
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
People associated with BakerHostetler
The Minnesota Boxing Hall of Fame is a commemorative organization with plans to create a museum. It celebrates the history of boxing in the state of Minnesota by honoring individuals whose achievements within the sport are noteworthy.
History
Though several individuals had previously considered creating a hall of fame for Minnesota boxing, it was noted boxing historian Jake Wegner who pulled together the local boxing community in 2009, filed for nonprofit status, and assembled a board of directors for the new hall. With Wegner as the president, the board consisted of Jeff Flanagan (Vice-President), Don Evans (Treasurer), Jim Wells (Secretary), Denny Nelson, Jim Carlin, and Wayne Bebeau. The inaugural class of inductees was announced on July 5, 2010 and the induction banquet took place on October 12, 2010.
In April 2014, founder and President, Jake Wegner resigned from the organization.
In May 2014, Jeff Flanagan was elected president. The Minnesota Boxing board consists of Vice President Denny Nelson, Secretary Jim Wells, Treasurer Don Evans,
Executive board members Mark Nelson and Pete Holm.
Location
A permanent location for the museum has not been determined. www.mnbhof.org
Inductees
Class of 2010
Date: October 12, 2010
Venue: Jax Café Steakhouse. Minneapolis, MN
Del Flanagan
Glen Flanagan
Mike Gibbons
Tommy Gibbons
Will Grigsby
Bill Kaehn
Scott LeDoux
Harris Martin
Don Riley
Rafael Rodriguez
Dr. Sheldon Segal
Class of 2011
Date: October 11, 2011Venue: Nicollet Island Pavilion. Minneapolis, MN
Charley Kemmick
Mike O'Dowd
Johnny Ertle
Jackie Graves
Duane Bobick
Mike Evgen
Joe Daszkiewicz
Emmett Weller
George Barton
Class of 2012
Date: September 28, 2012Venue: Mystic Lake Casino. Prior Lake, MN
Oscar Gardner
Jimmy Delaney
Billy Miske
Lee Savold
Jim Beattie
Jerry Slavin
Dick Cullum
Denny Nelson
Class of 2013
Date: September 27, 2013Venue: Mystic Lake Casino. Prior Lake, MN
Danny Needham
Jock Malone
Billy Petrolle
Pat O'Connor
Doug Demmings
Gary Holmgren
Dan Schommer
Tony Stecher
Jack Raleigh
Class of 2014
Date: October 3, 2014Venue: Mystic Lake Casino. Prior Lake, MN
King Tut
Jack Gibbons
Bobby Rodriguez
Al Andrews
Jim Morgan
Jimmy O'Hara
Class of 2015
Date: October 2, 2015Venue: Mystic Lake Casino. Prior Lake, MN
Danny Davis
Duane Horsman
Mel Brown
Art Lasky
Charley Retzlaff
Sammy Gallop
Mike Collins
Jim Wells
Class of 2016
Date: October 14, 2016Venue: Mystic Lake Casino. Prior Lake, MN
Rodney Bobick
Jim Hegerle
Larry LaCoursiere
Fred Lenhart
My Sullivan
George Blair
Leo Ryan
Earl Kaehn
Pat Killen
Notes
External links
Official website
Boxing museums and halls of fame
Halls of fame in Minnesota
State sports halls of fame in the United States
Sports museums in Minnesota
Awards established in 2009
Nikhom Chuboon, also known as Sornpichai Kratingdaenggym () or Sornpichai Pitsanurachan (), is a Thai former professional boxer who competed from 1995 to 2001 and held the WBA flyweight title from 1999 to 2000.
Biography and career
In early 1996, he won the WBU flyweight title came in a twelve-round win over Angel Almena in Chiang Rai. He defended the title five times before being stripped in 1997. In the first defense he traveled to Italy to face the Luigi Castiglione at Town Square, San Mango d'Aquino, on 8 August 1996. Sornpichai won via unanimous decision. He also defeated Daniel Ward in Loei the same year.
In 1998, he moved up in weight to the super flyweight division and won the PABA title. He defended it four times before returning to flyweight.
On September 3, 1999 he challenged for the WBA flyweight title against reigning champion Leo Gámez in Mukdahan. Sornpichai defeated Gámez via eighth-round knockout to capture the WBA title.
He lost the title in his second defense against Eric Morel at the Alliant Energy Center, Madison, Wisconsin on 5 August 2000.
Retirement
Sornpichai retired after losing ninth-round knockout to a Japanese Jun Toriumi in early 2004 at Korakuen Hall, Tokyo, Japan. He then traveled as a trainer to certain countries such as China and Vietnam, but then returned to Thailand because of eye injuries. This was a result of his boxing since he was just 10 years old.
He currently lives with his only daughter born to an ex-wife who left him.
See more
List of world flyweight boxing champions
References
External links
Sornpichai Kratingdaenggym
Southpaw boxers
Flyweight boxers
Super-flyweight boxers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
World Boxing Association champions
Date of birth missing (living people)
Boxing trainers
Thai expatriate sportspeople in China
Thai expatriate sportspeople in Vietnam
Sornpichai Kratingdaenggym
Sornpichai Kratingdaenggym
The R345 road is a regional road in north County Galway and southwest County Mayo in Ireland. It connects the R336 road at Maum to the R334 road at Neale, to the east (map). It crosses the winding border between the two counties a number of times.
The government legislation that defines the R345, the Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2012 (Statutory Instrument 54 of 2012), provides the following official description:
R345: An Mám, County Galway — Neale, County Mayo
Between its junction with R336 at An Mám in the county of Galway and its junction with R334 at Lecarrowkilleen in the county of Mayo via Corr na Móna, Dúráithe and An Fhairche in the county of Galway: Ballykine Lower in the county of Mayo: Bréandroim in the county of Galway: Main Street (and via Abbey Street and Circular Road) at Cong; Gortaroe and Nymphsfield in the county of Mayo.
See also
List of roads of County Mayo
National primary road
National secondary road
Regional road
Roads in Ireland
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Mayo
Roads in County Galway
Xylodromus depressus is a brown coloured species of beetle in the rove beetle family, that can be found in Albania, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and Ukraine. It can also be found in the Baltic states, Scandinavian countries and all of the republics of former Yugoslavia.
References
External links
Xylodromus depressus on Bug Guide
Beetles described in 1802
Beetles of Europe
Omaliinae
Taxa named by Johann Ludwig Christian Gravenhorst
Nick Fury, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.: Empyre is a novel written by Will Murray and published by Berkley Books and Marvel Comics in 2000. It is the first appearance of the character of Nick Fury in novel form. It features illustrations by longtime Nick Fury artist Jim Steranko. The plot revived the concept of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s psychic sensory division from the old Stan Lee and Jack Kirby comics.
Background
Murray is an longstanding author within the pulp genre and had written over 40 novels in the Destroyer series and many Doc Savage novels before taking on the assignment. The book was part of a line of Marvel novels in 2000 published by Berkley Books.
Plot
Nick Fury, Dum Dum Dugan and S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Starla Spacek of the new Special Powers Division investigate a global threat as a series of planes mysteriously crash, culminating in the disappearance of an Empyre Airlines jumbo jet. Suspicion initially points to the involvement of terrorists in the Neo-Nazi organization HYDRA, but Fury soon learns that the true villain is the insane leader of the nation Quorak - who wants nothing less than world destruction.
Sequel
A sequel novel pairing up Nick Fury and Wolverine was planned but never came to fruition.
Reception
The (reviewer) of NickFuryAgentofShield.com described the book as a solid but ultimately unspectacular affair.
See also
2000 in literature
2000 in comics
Spider-Man: Down These Mean Streets, another novel based on a Marvel comics character
Spider-Man: The Darkest Hours, another novel based on a Marvel comics character
References
External links
Nick Fury, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.: Empyre at the Fiction DB
Ralph Dula Interviews Will Murray in July 2000
Marvel Comics novels
Nick Fury in other media
2000 American novels
S.H.I.E.L.D.
Novels about neo-Nazism
Bağlı is a village in the Osmangazi district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Osmangazi District
Licun () is a transfer station of the Qingdao Metro on Line 2 and Line 3. It opened on 16 December 2015.
Gallery
References
Qingdao Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2015
The PCE price index (PePP), also referred to as the PCE deflator, PCE price deflator, or the Implicit Price Deflator for Personal Consumption Expenditures (IPD for PCE) by the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) and as the Chain-type Price Index for Personal Consumption Expenditures (CTPIPCE) by the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), is a United States-wide indicator of the average increase in prices for all domestic personal consumption. It is benchmarked to a base of 2012 = 100. Using a variety of data including U.S. Consumer Price Index and Producer Price Index prices, it is derived from the largest component of the GDP in the BEA's National Income and Product Accounts, personal consumption expenditures.
The personal consumption expenditure (PCE) measure is the component statistic for consumption in gross domestic product (GDP) collected by the United States Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA). It consists of the actual and imputed expenditures of households and includes data pertaining to durable and non-durable goods and services. It is essentially a measure of goods and services targeted towards individuals and consumed by individuals. The less volatile measure of the PCE price index is the core PCE (CPCE) price index, which excludes the more volatile and seasonal food and energy prices.
In comparison to the headline United States Consumer Price Index (CPI), which uses one set of expenditure weights for several years, this index uses a Fisher Price Index, which uses expenditure data from the current period and the preceding period. Also, the PCEPI uses a chained index which compares one quarter's price to the previous quarter's instead of choosing a fixed base. This price index method assumes that the consumer has made allowances for changes in relative prices. That is to say, they have substituted from goods whose prices are rising to goods whose prices are stable or falling.
PCE has been tracked since January 1959. Through July 2018, inflation measured by PCE has averaged 3.3%, while it has averaged 3.8% using CPI. This may be due to the failure of CPI to take into account the substitution effect. Alternatively, an unpublished report on this difference by the Bureau of Labor Statistics suggests that most of it is from different ways of calculating hospital expenses and airfares.
Federal Reserve
In its "Monetary Policy Report to the Congress" ("Humphrey–Hawkins Report") from February 17, 2000 the FOMC said it was changing its primary measure of inflation from the consumer price index to the "chain-type price index for personal consumption expenditures".
Comparison to CPI
The differences between the two indexes can be grouped into four categories: formula effect, weight effect, scope effect, and "other effects".
The formula effect accounts for the different formulas used to calculate the two indexes. The PCE price index is based on the Fisher-Ideal formula, while the CPI is based on a modified Laspeyres formula.
The weight effect accounts for the relative importance of the underlying commodities reflected in the construction of the two indexes.
The scope effect accounts for conceptual differences between the two indexes. PCE measures spending by and on behalf of the personal sector, which includes both households and nonprofit institutions serving households; the CPI measures out-of-pocket spending by households. The "net" scope effect adjusts for CPI items out-of-scope of the PCE price index less items in the PCE price index that are out-of-scope of the CPI.
"Other effects" include seasonal adjustment differences, price differences, and residual differences.
- See more at: https://www.bea.gov/help/faq/555
The above chart is illustrative but may not reflect current values. The comparisons in the table above will vary over time as the relative weights of the components of the indexes change. The CPI base price and weightings are adjusted every two years.
The above table illustrates two commonly discussed important differences between the PCE deflator and CPI-U. The first is the relative importance of housing, which is due in part to the difference in scope mentioned above. CPI contains a large component of owner-equivalent rent, which by definition is an imputed value and not a real direct expenditure. The second major difference in weight is healthcare. This again stems from the definition of the index and the surveys used. CPI measures only the out-of-pocket healthcare costs of households where PCE includes healthcare purchased on behalf of households by third parties, including employer-provided health insurance. In the United States, employer health insurance is a large component and accounts for much of the difference in weights.
Another notable difference is that prices and weightings of the CPI are based on household surveys, while those of the PCE are based on business surveys. One reason for the difference in formulas is that not all the data needed for the Fisher-Ideal formula is available monthly even though it is considered superior. CPI is a practical alternative used to give a quicker read on prices in the previous month. PCE is typically revised three times in each of the months following the end of a quarter, and then the entire NIPA tables are re-based annually and every five years. Despite all these conceptual and methodological differences, the two indexes track fairly closely when averaged over several years.
See also
Price index
Gross domestic product deflator (IPD for GDP)
Household final consumption expenditure (HFCE)
Inflation
References
External links
Data
Briefing.com: Personal Income and Spending
Briefing.com: CPI (the core CPI as a comparison)
Current News Releases from the Bureau of Economic Analysis (click on "Personal Income and Outlays", then skip to Tables 9 and 11 near the bottom.)
St. Louis Federal Reserve FRED2 PCE data index
Articles
Personal Consumption Expenditures - PCE
FAQ: What is the "market-based" PCE price index?
Implicit Price Deflator for Personal Consumption Expenditures - Referendum 47's Measure of Inflation
Implicit Price Deflator Information
FRB: Monetary Policy Report to the Congress - February 17, 2000
TheStreet.com: Meet the Fed's Elusive New Inflation Target
Price indices
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 1979.
Events
Debuts
Television shows
Ending this year
Births
21 February - Maria Annus, actress
21 April - Karin Rask, actress
3 May - Ingrid Isotamm, actress
21 June - Ithaka Maria, singer and TV host
6 November - Gerli Padar, singer and TV host
21 December - Kristjan Sarv, actor
Deaths
Al Sufouh Archaeological Site at Al Sufouh in Dubai is owned and managed by Dubai Culture & Arts Authority, and consists of extensive but scattered areas of ancient occupation by a population known as the Magan. The site is distinguished by heavy concentrations of burnt ash, shell, pottery and bones on its surface.
The archaeological excavation conducted at the site between 1994 and 1995 revealed an Umm Al-Nar type circular tomb dating between 2500 and 2000 B.C. The tomb is circular, 6.5 m in diameter and constructed of unworked stone blocks faced with a single outer ring wall of well-masoned ashlars. Entry to the tomb is through two doorways on opposite points of the ring wall on a NE/SW alignment. Double access was necessary as the internal NW/SE dividing wall allowed no communication between the two halves of the tomb. Each half of the tomb was divided into three chambers. The closest structural analogs to Al-Sufouh are found at Hili Archaeological Park in the Al Ain oasis, and at Umm Al-Nar Island.
Individual interments were found in flexed position with various grave goods, including ceramic vessels of Umm Al-Nar type, bronze weaponry, and large quantities of beads.
See also
List of Ancient Settlements in the UAE
References
External links
Al Sufouh Archaeological Site, Dubai Culture & Arts Authority
Archaeological sites in the Near East
Archaeological sites in the United Arab Emirates
History of Dubai
West Republic Township is a township in Greene County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
West Republic Township is named after the city within its boundaries.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Greene County, Missouri
James Frederick Leckman, M.D., is a child psychiatrist and psychoanalyst and the Neison Harris Professor of Child Psychiatry, Psychiatry, Psychology and Pediatrics at the Yale School of Medicine, recognized for his research in Tourette syndrome (TS) and obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD).
Personal life and education
Leckman obtained degrees in chemistry and philosophy from the College of Wooster in 1969, and his MD from the University of New Mexico School of Medicine in 1973.
Leckman is married to Hannah Hone Leckman; they have two children.
Career
After interning in San Francisco at the United States Public Health Service Marine Hospital for two years (1973–1974), Leckman worked at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) in adult psychiatry (1974–1976), before completing his residency in psychiatry at Yale School of Medicine in 1979.
At Yale since 1979, he took several sabbaticals to study elsewhere, including a 1998 study of animal behavior at the University of Cambridge. He was Director of Research for the Yale Child Study Center (1983–2010), where his interests include the study of the interplay between genetic and epigenetic factors in human development and Darwinism in psychopathology.
According to a profile of featured researchers by the Mental Health Research Association (NARSAD):Very few people have the clinical, research and teaching experience, the empathy for the human condition, and the curiosity Dr. Leckman has to explore such a fundamental question as human attachment. He is a world-renowned child psychiatrist and patient-oriented clinical investigator with unique expertise in the evaluation of Tourette's syndrome and early-onset obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Leckman is an international leader in Tourette syndrome research, and as of 2013, was the highest publisher on the topic.
Appointments, awards, affiliations and recognition
Leckman serves as an associate editor for the Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry and served as a deputy editor of the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychology.
Leckman is frequently named as one of America's best doctors by peers, and has received the following awards and recognition:
Blanche E. Ittleson Award for Research in Child Psychiatry, 1995, from the American Psychiatric Association.
Outstanding Research Mentor, awarded five times, from the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatrists.
Fellows of the American Psychiatric Association, American Academy of Child Adolescent Psychology, and American College of Neuropsychopharmacology.
Member of the American College of Psychiatrists since 1991.
Distinguished alumni award, College of Wooster.
Publications
As of 2005, Leckman had authored or co-authored more than 250 professional articles, 115 book chapters, and was the author of seven books as of 2012. In 2002, he was named a "Highly Cited Researcher" by the American Society for Information Science and Technology.
His books include:
Tourette's Syndrome -- Tics, Obsessions, Compulsions: Developmental Psychopathology and Clinical Care,
Pediatric Psychopharmacology: Principles and Practice,
Tourette's Syndrome and Tic Disorders: Clinical Understanding and Treatment,
References
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
American psychiatrists
College of Wooster alumni
Tourette syndrome
University of New Mexico alumni
Yale School of Medicine alumni
Yale School of Medicine faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1936–37 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1936–37
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Östra 1936–37
Division 2 Västra 1936–37
Division 2 Södra 1936–37
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Mahesh Bhupathi and Max Mirnyi were the defending champions but lost in the quarterfinals to Gastón Etlis and Martín Rodríguez.
Tim Henman and Nenad Zimonjić won in the final 7–5, 6–2 against Etlis and Rodríguez.
Seeds
All eight seeded teams received byes to the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
2004 Monte Carlo Masters Doubles Draw
2004 Monte Carlo Masters
Doubles
Willem "Wim" Kok (; 29 September 1938 – 20 October 2018) was a Dutch politician and trade union leader who served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 22 August 1994 until 22 July 2002. He was a member of the Labour Party (PvdA).
Kok studied business administration at the Nyenrode Business School obtaining a Bachelor of Business Administration degree and worked as a trade union leader for the Trade Unions Association from 1961 until 1976 and serving as chairman from 1972. In 1976 it merged to form the Federation of Dutch Trade Unions, with Kok serving as its first chairman until 1986. After the election of 1986, Kok was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives, taking office on 3 June 1986. Shortly after the election incumbent Leader Joop den Uyl announced he was stepping down and endorsed Kok as his successor taking office on 21 July 1986. For the election of 1989, Kok served as Lijsttrekker (top candidate) and made a coalition accord with incumbent Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) which formed the Cabinet Lubbers III and became deputy prime minister and minister of finance taking office on 7 November 1989.
For the election of 1994, Kok again served as Lijsttrekker and following a cabinet formation, formed the Cabinet Kok I and became Prime Minister of the Netherlands taking office on 22 August 1994. For the election of 1998 Kok once more served as Lijsttrekker and after another successful cabinet formation, formed the Cabinet Kok II and continued as prime minister for a second term. In December 2001, Kok announced he was stepping down as Leader and that he would not stand for the election of 2002 or serve another term as prime minister. Kok left office following the installation of the Cabinet Balkenende I on 22 July 2002.
Kok retired from active politics at 63 and became active in the private and public sectors as a corporate and non-profit director, served on several and councils on behalf of the government, and continued to be active as a lobbyist for the European Union, advocating for more European integration. Kok was known for his abilities as a manager and negotiator. During his premiership, his cabinets were responsible for several major social reforms legalizing same-sex marriage, euthanasia and further reducing the deficit. Kok was granted the honorary title of Minister of State on 11 April 2003 and continued to comment on political affairs as a statesman until his death at the age of 80. He holds the distinction of leading the first purple coalitions as Prime Minister and is consistently ranked both by scholars and the public as one of the best prime ministers after World War II.
Early life
Willem Kok was born on 29 September 1938, in Bergambacht in the Netherlands Province of South Holland, the son of Willem Kok (29 March 1910 – 10 January 1981) a carpenter, and Neeltje de Jager (17 October 1913 – 5 May 2005). He was a Calvinist and had one younger brother who was born in 1945.
After completing his studies in business at the Nyenrode Business Universiteit, he started his career in 1961 at the socialist Netherlands Association of Trade Unions (NVV), where he was chairman from 1973 until 1982. In 1982, the NVV merged with Nederlands Katholiek Vakverbond (NKV), the Catholic trade union, to form the Federatie Nederlandse Vakbeweging (FNV), of which he served as chair until 1986.
Political career
Parliamentary leader and Minister of Finance
Kok was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives on 3 June 1986, after the Dutch general election of 1986. Soon after the election Joop den Uyl the Leader of the Labour Party and Parliamentary leader of the Labour Party in the House of Representatives announced that he was stepping down after serving twenty years as Leader of the Labour Party. Kok was elected to succeed him and became Party and Parliamentary leader of the Labour Party in the House of Representatives on 21 July 1986 and served as Opposition leader during the parliamentary period of the Cabinet Lubbers II.
Kok lead his party in the Dutch general election of 1989. The Labour Party lost three seats but the following cabinet formation resulted in a coalition agreement with the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) which formed the Cabinet Lubbers III. Kok entered government for the first time and became both Deputy Prime Minister of the Netherlands and Minister of Finance, serving from 7 November 1989 until 22 August 1994.
Prime Minister of the Netherlands
First term (1994–1998)
In the 1994 general election, the Labour Party lost twelve seats but the CDA with new leader Elco Brinkman lost twenty seats. The Labour Party became the largest party in the House of Representatives, after an arduous cabinet formation with the conservative liberal People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the social liberal Democrats 66 (D66) a deal was struck that resulted in the Cabinet Kok I, with Kok as prime minister. It was considered groundbreaking in Dutch politics this was the first Cabinet of the Netherlands since 1908 without a Christian democratic party.
The main aim of the Cabinet Kok I was to create employment. The Dutch economy had been in a deep recession for years. The market was allowed more influence in the economy. This led to a policy of tax reduction, economizing, and trying to keep people out of social care by supporting employment; large infrastructure projects were set in motion. Another aim was to put an end to the enormous debt of the Dutch government. The Treaty of Amsterdam was signed during this cabinet. The Srebrenica massacre occurred under the responsibility of this government, which eventually led to the fall of the second Kok cabinet.
In the 1998 general election, the Labour party gained eight seats; the coalition retained its majority, and cabinet formation resulted in a continuation of policies with the Cabinet Kok II.
Second term (1998–2002)
The second cabinet was the successor of the first cabinet was formed from the same coalition of PvdA, VVD and D66. It was also known as the "second purple cabinet" called such because it contained both the social-democratic PvdA (red) and the liberal VVD (blue). The aim of the cabinet was to continue the policy of cabinet Kok I, which was concerned with economizing, tax reduction, and making an end to unemployment. Kok was the prime minister, Annemarie Jorritsma as the deputy prime minister for the VVD, and Els Borst for D66. The cabinet had both left-wing and right-wing political parties as a part of it. There was no strong opposition in the House of Representatives. This did not mean that Kok did not face any problems. In May 1999, D66 stepped out of the coalition when proposed legislation on referenda, entered by this party, was blocked; through negotiations the crisis was solved and the cabinet stayed together. Moreover, allegations of expenses abuse were made against Minister of the Interior and Kingdom Relations Bram Peper from the time he was mayor of Rotterdam. On 13 March 2000 Peper resigned as minister, according to himself to no longer bring problems to the public government, and to be better able to defend himself. On the other hand, Kok's second term is known for legalizing same-sex marriage and euthanasia.
On 15 December 2001, Kok announced he would retire from national politics after the elections of May 2002. He stood down as Leader of the Labour Party that same day, in favour of Ad Melkert. Unfortunately, Melkert did not appeal to the voter. Moreover, the "polder model" went out of fashion in early 2002, which saw the rise of Pim Fortuyn, a political newcomer.
On 16 April 2002, close to the natural end of term for the cabinet, prime minister Kok wished to resign early after being harshly criticised in a government-commissioned report by the NIOD Institute for War, Holocaust and Genocide Studies regarding the fall of Srebrenica in 1995 and the other ministers had no choice but to follow him. The second Kok cabinet remained in place as a caretaker cabinet, which had to cope with the murder of Fortuyn, and the CDA with leader Jan Peter Balkenende winning the elections. The caretaker cabinet stepped down on 22 July 2002, when the Cabinet Balkenende I was installed.
Legacy
Kok was highly praised for his Third Way and polder model philosophies and for the success of leading his Purple Coalitions. During his premiership, his cabinets were responsible for implementing several social reforms, legalizing same-sex marriage and euthanasia, stimulating the economy resulting in more employment and privatization and further reducing the deficit. As a result of this, and because of his skills as manager and negotiator, Kok was praised by his fellow European leaders.
After politics
After his premiership, Kok retired from active politics at the age of sixty-three and became a lobbyist for the European Union and presided over several "high-level groups". He also occupied numerous seats on supervisory boards in the business and industry world (ING Group, Koninklijke TNT Post, Royal Dutch Shell, KLM, Stork B.V., International Commission on Missing Persons, International Crisis Group, Anne Frank Foundation and served as president of the Club of Madrid from 2009 until December 2013). On 11 April 2003, he was granted the honorary title of Minister of State.
Lisbon Strategy
Between April and November 2004, Kok headed up a review of the Lisbon Strategy and presented a report containing suggestions on how to give new impetus to the Lisbon process. The European Commission used this report to declare that the social and environmental parts are no longer a priority and declared a return to the Lisbon Agenda under economic terms only. Kok lobbied for the Lisbon Strategy of the European Commission and was appointed to the Honorary Board of the European Association of History Educators.
Between 2006 and 2007, Kok served as member of the Amato Group, a group of high-level European politicians unofficially working on rewriting the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe into what became known as the Treaty of Lisbon following its rejection by French and Dutch voters.
Personal
In 1965, after four years of dating, Kok married Margrietha "Rita" Roukema (born 3 November 1939). He adopted her two children from a previous marriage, daughter Carla (born 1959) and son André (born 1961), who is mentally and physically disabled, and together they had a third child, son Marcel (born 1966).
Death
Kok died on 20 October 2018 in Amsterdam, aged 80.
Decorations
Honorary degrees
References
External links
Official
W. (Wim) Kok Parlement & Politiek
Kabinet-Kok I Rijksoverheid
Kabinet-Kok II Rijksoverheid
Other
Collectie Interviews Wim Kok at the International Institute of Social History
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1938 births
2018 deaths
Consumer rights activists
Dutch cooperative organizers
Deputy Prime Ministers of the Netherlands
Dutch agnostics
Dutch corporate directors
Dutch lobbyists
Dutch nonprofit directors
Dutch nonprofit executives
Dutch officials of the European Union
Dutch political activists
Dutch trade union leaders
European Union lobbyists
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Orange-Nassau
Labour Party (Netherlands) politicians
Leaders of the Labour Party (Netherlands)
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
Members of the Social and Economic Council
Ministers of Finance of the Netherlands
Ministers of State (Netherlands)
Nyenrode Business University alumni
People from Bergambacht
Prime Ministers of the Netherlands
Presidents of the European Council
Shell plc people
Royal Netherlands Army personnel
Workers' rights activists
20th-century Dutch military personnel
20th-century Dutch politicians
21st-century Dutch businesspeople
21st-century Dutch politicians
Trade unionists from Amsterdam
Teeswater (Dent Field) Aerodrome is located adjacent to Teeswater, Ontario, Canada.
References
Registered aerodromes in Ontario
De Lesseps, Lesseps, or variation, may refer to:
People
Surnamed
Alexandre de Lesseps (born 1949), French entrepreneur
Barthélemy de Lesseps, (1766–1834), French diplomat and writer
Bertrand Marie de Lesseps (1875–1918), French fencer
Ferdinand de Lesseps (1805–1894), French diplomat and developer of the Suez Canal
Ismaël de Lesseps (1871–1915), French fencer
Jacques de Lesseps (1883–1927), French aviator
Luann de Lesseps (née Nadeau; born May 17, 1965), American television personality, model, author, and singer
Count Mathieu de Lesseps (1771—1832), French diplomat
Mathieu Marie de Lesseps (1870–1953), French equestrian
Victoria de Lesseps (born 1994), French-American painter
Given named
deLesseps Story Morrison, Jr. (1944–1996; nicknamed "Toni"), American lawyer, business consultant, and politician
deLesseps Story Morrison, Sr. (1912–1964; nicknamed "Chep"), American attorney, politician, and mayor of New Orleans, Louisiana
Nicknamed
William Tolly (1715-1784), nicknamed "Ferdinand de Lesseps of Calcutta"
Fictional characters
Frank DeLesseps, a fictional character from the 2009 Stephen King novel Under the Dome (novel)
Hugo Lesseps (), a character from Japanese light novel series Infinite Dendrogram
Viola de Lesseps, the lead character in Shakespeare in Love
Places
13641 de Lesseps, a minor planet named after French diplomat Jean-Baptiste Barthélemy de Lesseps
De Lesseps Lake, a lake in Thunder Bay District, Northwestern Ontario, Canada
De Lesseps River, a river in Thunder Bay District, Northwestern Ontario, Canada
Facilities and structures
De Lesseps Lake Airport, Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada
De Lesseps Field, a former airfield in Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Fort De Lesseps, a former U.S. Army Coast Artillery Corps fort at Colón, Panama
Plaça de Lesseps, Barcelona, Spain
Lesseps station, Barcelona Metro, Barcelona, Spain
Other uses
USS De Lesseps (1918), a World War I tug in the United States Navy
Count of Lesseps (), a French nobility title held by Mathieu de Lesseps
Viscount of Lesseps (), a French nobility title held by Ferdinand de Lesseps
Lesseps affair (1888) bribery scandal involving Ferdinand de Lesseps
See also
Lessepsian migration
fr:Lesseps
John Farquharson McIntosh (1846-1918) was a Scottish engineer. He was Chief Mechanical Engineer of the Caledonian Railway from 1895 to 1914. He was succeeded by William Pickersgill.
Early life
Born in Farnell, Angus, Scotland, in February 1846, MacIntosh would be famous for working at St. Rollox railway works, in Springburn, in Glasgow.
Career
John F. McIntosh became an apprentice with the Scottish North Eastern Railway, at the Arbroath workshops, at the age of 14. In 1865 he passed out as a fireman and in 1867 he qualified as a driver and moved to Montrose. By this time he was employed by the Caledonian Railway (CR) which had taken over the SNER in 1866. He lost his right hand in an accident in 1876 or 1877. At about the same time he became Locomotive Inspector for the northern section of the CR. He was later given responsibility for all locations north of Greenhill. By 1881 he was living in Perth. Several appointments followed – Locomotive Foreman at Aberdeen, Carstairs and Polmadie (Glasgow); Chief Inspector; Locomotive Running Superintendent and deputy to John Lambie.
Lambie died suddenly on 1 February 1895 and McIntosh replaced him as Chief Mechanical Engineer.
Locomotive designs
McIntosh's most famous design is the Dunalastair Class 4-4-0. Other designs include:
Caledonian Railway 19, 92 and 439 classes 0-4-4T (2P)
Caledonian Railway 498 Class 0-6-0T
Caledonian Railway 29 & 782 classes 0-6-0T (3F)
Caledonian Railway 498 Class 0-6-0T (2F)
Caledonian Railway 104 Class 0-4-4T
Caledonian Railway 781 Class 0-4-0T
Caledonian Railway 492 Class 0-8-0T
Caledonian Railway 600 Class 0-8-0
Caledonian Railway 652 and 812 classes 0-6-0 (3F)
Caledonian Railway 611 class 0-4-0T
Caledonian Railway 711 Class 0-6-0
Caledonian Railway Class 30 0-6-0
Caledonian Railway Class 34 2-6-0
Caledonian Railway 721 Class 4-4-0 Dunalastair I
Caledonian Railway 766 Class 4-4-0 Dunalastair II
Caledonian Railway 900 Class 4-4-0 Dunalastair III
Caledonian Railway 140 Class 4-4-0 Dunalastair IV
Caledonian Railway 139 Class 4-4-0
Caledonian Railway 43 Class 4-4-0
Caledonian Railway 55 Class 4-6-0
Caledonian Railway 908 Class 4-6-0
Caledonian Railway 49 Class 4-6-0
Caledonian Railway 903 Class 4-6-0
Caledonian Railway 918 Class 4-6-0
Caledonian Railway 179 Class 4-6-0
Caledonian Railway 184 Class 4-6-0
Preservation
Two McIntosh locomotives are preserved:
439 Class, number 419 at the Bo'ness and Kinneil Railway
812 Class, number 828 at the Strathspey Railway
Patents
He obtained patents for a spark arrestor and a gauge glass protector.
List of patents
GB189823849 (with Archibald St Clair Ruthven), published 31 May 1899, Improvements in or relating to railway wagon brakes
GB190004019 (with Archibald St Clair Ruthven), published 16 February 1901, Improvements in or relating to railway wagon brakes
GB190207009 (with John Riekie), published 22 April 1903, Improvements in and connected with engine valve gear
GB190822998 (with Walter Reuben Preston), published 28 October 1909, Improvements in or relating to the smoke boxes of locomotive boilers
Family
He married Jeanie Fleming Logan, a close relative to author Ian Fleming, and they had 3 sons and 4 daughters.
Death
McIntosh died suddenly while working at St. Rollox railway works, on 6 February 1918, 22 days before his 72nd birthday. The cause of death was never confirmed.
See also
Locomotives of the Caledonian Railway
Locomotives of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway
References
1846 births
1918 deaths
Locomotive builders and designers
Scottish railway mechanical engineers
British railway pioneers
Scottish mechanical engineers
Caledonian Railway people
19th-century British businesspeople
6th Queens was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1966 to 1993.
The district comprised the western half of the city of Charlottetown. Prior to 1966, the district was part of 5th Queens, and its creation marked the only redistribution of Prince Edward Island's provincial electoral districts to take place until the province adopted conventional single-member districts for the 1996 general election.
MLAs
Queens 6
1966 establishments in Prince Edward Island
1996 disestablishments in Prince Edward Island
Politics of Charlottetown
Kerick Col () is a col running north–south at between Gin Cove and Rum Cove, in the western part of James Ross Island, Antarctica. Crisscross Crags rise at the east side of the col. In association with names in this area from Kipling's The Jungle Book, it was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1983 after Kerick Booterin, chief of the seal hunters in The White Seal.
References
Mountain passes of Graham Land
Landforms of James Ross Island
In mathematics, characteristic power series may refer to:
Multiplicative sequence
Iwasawa algebra
Tommaso Stella, O.P. also Domenico Stella (died 1566) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Capodistria (1549–1566), Bishop of Lavello (1547–1549), and Bishop of Salpi (1544–1547).
Biography
Tommaso Stella was ordained a priest in the Order of Preachers.
On 9 May 1544, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul III as Bishop of Salpi.
On 22 April 1547, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul III as Bishop of Lavello.
On 10 November 1549, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul III as Bishop of Capodistria.
He served as Bishop of Capodistria until his death on 6 January 1566.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(Chronology of Bishops)
(Chronology of Bishops)
(Chronology of Bishops)
(Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul III
1566 deaths
Dominican bishops
List of talukas in Chandrapur district, Maharashtra India. 15 talukas of Chandrapur district.
List of talukas in Chandrapur district
Chandrapur
Bhadravati
Warora
Chimur
Nagbhid
Bramhapuri
Sindewahi
Mul
Saoli
Gondpimpri
Rajura
Korpana
Pomburna
Ballarpur
Jivati
References
See also
Chandrapur district
List of talukas of Maharashtra
Chandrapur district
Mani's Community Established (Japanese: ) is a Manichaen silk color painting drawn in the coastal area of southern China during the yuan to ming period, depicts the missionary history of Manichaeism and the establishment of its churches in three scenes. The preservation is intact and undamaged. This painting was originally part of a large Manichae silk painting, The drawing technique and artistic style are very similar to "Episodes from Mani's Missionary Work", "The Birth of Mani", "Mani's Parents" and "The Manichean Universe Map". The painting is now in a private collection in Japan.
In Japanese it is called with Episodes from Mani's Missionary Work being called
Description
According to the research of the Hungarian Asian religious art historian Zsuzsanna Gulácsi, the content described in this work continues "The Legend of the Holy One", using a method similar to the current collage to present the follow-up missionary history and development of the Manichae Order after its establishment. History, the three scenes are separated by a pattern of clouds and mountains. The upper left picture depicts seven lay people worshiping in a Manichae shrine. Among them are five men, a woman and a child, offering offerings to a statue of Mani sitting on a lotus platform. This Mani statue is dressed in a white robe with red rims unique to Manichaeism, with a green headlight and backlight behind him. Three Manichaean priests in white robes stand on the left and right sides and behind the statue. There are three male musicians playing outside the shrine. On their right, there are three other men holding banners and canopies. It can be seen from this scene that the painting depicts the scene after the Mani church has been established. The statue of Mani shows that he is no longer alive and he has been worshipped as a god by believers.
The scene on the upper right is separated from the scene on the left by a green mountain range and a white cloud with sky blue. It depicts five Manichae laymen wearing green, red, yellow, blue, and white robes, bowing to a judge greeting, showing their compliance with local laws.
The last scene is located at the bottom left, separated from the top left scene by a river of white clouds. It depicts a tutor wearing a red-rimmed white robe with a green head and four priests behind him. The five people encountered a layman bowing to them as they walked.
Gallery
Excursus
Eight silk hanging scrolls with Manichaean didactic images from southern China from between the 12th and the 15th centuries, which can be divided into four categories:
Two single portraits (depicting Mani and Jesus)
Icon of Mani
Manichaean Painting of the Buddha Jesus
One scroll depicting Salvation Theory ()
Sermon on Mani's Teaching of Salvation
Four scrolls depicting Prophetology ()
Mani's Parents
Birth of Mani
Episodes from Mani's Missionary Work
Mani's Community Established
One scroll depicting Cosmology ()
Manichaean Diagram of the Universe
References
Chinese Manichaean art
Yuan dynasty art
Ming dynasty painting
Rotho von Büren (c. 1000; - 7 November 1051, Paderborn) was from 1036 to 1051 Bishop of Paderborn. He was from a noble family, of the Counts of Werl, Westphalia.
References
Notes
1000s births
1051 deaths
Roman Catholic bishops of Paderborn
Year of birth uncertain
Al Young (born August 24, 1949) is a former gridiron football wide receiver who played in the National Football League (NFL) and the World Football League (WFL). He played college football at South Carolina State.
College career
Young was a member of the South Carolina State Bulldogs for four seasons. As a senior he had 19 catches for 273 yards and seven touchdowns. Young was inducted into South Carolina State's Athletic Hall of Fame in 2012.
Professional career
Young was selected in the 13th round of the 1971 NFL Draft by the Pittsburgh Steelers. He was inactive for most of his rookie year and only played in the final game of the season. In 1972, Young caught six passes for 86 yards and played in all 14 regular season games. Young was Pittsburgh's leading receiver with four catches for 54 yards and one touchdown in the 1972 AFC Championship Game.
Young was signed by the New York Stars of the newly-formed World Football League (WFL) in 1974. In his first season with the team, which relocated midway through the season and was renamed the Charlotte Hornets, he caught 33 passes for 399 yards and one touchdown. Young missed part of the 1975 season due to injury and had 13 receptions for 198 yards before the WFL folded.
Post-football
After his football career, Young taught physical education at North Augusta High School and coached the men's basketball and track and field teams for 37 years until retiring in 2014.
References
1949 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
South Carolina State Bulldogs football players
Players of American football from South Carolina
Pittsburgh Steelers players
New York Stars players
Charlotte Hornets (WFL) players
Nutt is an English surname.
List of people surnamed Nutt
Alfred Nutt (1856–1910), British publisher
Alfred Young Nutt (1847–1924), English architect and artist
Commodore Nutt (1844–1881), American dwarf who worked for P. T. Barnum
Danny Nutt, American football coach
David Nutt; several people including
David Nutt, British scientist
David Nutt, English publisher
David H. Nutt, American lawyer and philanthropist
Dennis Nutt, American basketball player
Dickey Nutt, American basketball coach
Eliza Hall Nutt, American philanthropist and schoolteacher
Emma Nutt, first female telephone switchboard operator
Gordon Nutt (born 1932), English footballer
Grady Nutt, American writer
Houston Nutt, American football coach
Jim Nutt, American artist
John Nutt; several people including
John Nutt, English pirate
John Nutt (politician), English MP
John Nutt (printer), English printer
Levi G. Nutt (1866–1938), American Treasury Department agent
Mart Nutt (1962–2019), Estonian politician and historian
Roy Nutt, American businessman
Samantha Nutt, Canadian co-founder of War Child Canada
William Nutt (1836–1909), American Civil War colonel
See also
Nut (disambiguation)
Nutt. taxonomic author abbreviation of Thomas Nuttall (1786–1859), English botanist
Nutt, New Mexico
English-language surnames
Aurora Lucero-White Lea (February 8, 1894 – 1965) was an American folklorist, writer, and suffragist. She was a proud Nuevomexicana, advocating for bilingual education in English and Spanish and working to preserve the heritage of the Hispanic Southwest. Lucero-White Lea is best known for her 1953 work Literary Folklore of the Hispanic Southwest, a compilation of cultural traditions, songs, and stories collected while traveling northern New Mexico.
Early life
Aurora R. Lucero was born in New Mexico on February 8, 1894. She was the first child of Julianita Romero and Antonio J. Lucero, who would serve as New Mexico's first Secretary of State from 1912 to 1916. Her family was wealthy and politically well-connected.
Lucero attended public schools in Las Vegas, beginning her college studies at New Mexico Normal University. The family moved to Santa Fe when her father became Secretary of State, and she worked in her father's office. She accompanied her father to Washington, D.C., and became a delegate of the Ladies Delegation Aides.
She married George White in 1919 and had a daughter, Dolores. Lucero-White returned to New Mexico to continue her studies at the New Mexico Normal University, graduating with a teaching degree in 1915 and receiving a bachelor's degree in 1925. In 1916, Lucero moved to Tucumcari, taking her first teaching assignment as the head of the Spanish department in the school system.
Activism
As a teenager, Lucero gave a speech advocating the use of Spanish in the public schools in a persuasive speaking competition on the campus of the New Mexico Normal University in 1910. The speech was an impassioned response to an act requiring complete fluency in English for any New Mexican officeholder, which Nuevomexicanos saw as a form of discrimination.
On October 21, 1915, one hundred and fifty women marched through Santa Fe, around the Capitol and to the home of Senator Thomas Benton Catron, who they hoped would support the Susan B. Anthony Amendment. Ella St. Clair Thompson of the Congressional Union for Woman Suffrage, recognizing the importance of working with Spanish-speaking women, asked Lucero and Nina Otero-Warren to speak at the event. Together with Otero-Warren, Lucero insisted on bilingual access to suffrage publications and speeches, saying, "I speak for the Spanish American women who, while conservative, want the best possible laws where their home life is the question at issue." Although Senator Catron did not support the amendment, the event received significant press coverage.
Research and writing
She took a position as the San Miguel County superintendent of schools from 1925 to 1927, traveling throughout the state for her job. During this time, she began to record the cultural folktales, songs, dances, and stories of the Hispanic villages.
In 1927 Lucero-White was appointed assistant professor of Spanish at her alma mater, New Mexico Normal University. She received a master's degree in Spanish literature from that school in 1932; her master's thesis was titled "Coloquios de los Pastores," about a Christmas folk play. She was appointed assistant superintendent of instruction for the New Mexico Department of Education in 1934, allowing her to include traditional folklore in the state's curriculum.
She wrote several historical plays, including Los Pastores (1936), based on a traditional Spanish folk-drama, and Kearney Takes Las Vegas (1934), based on the true story of the U.S. occupation of New Mexico under General Stephen W. Kearny. Other writings include More About the Matachines, an article suggesting origins of the dance performed by both Hispanos and by Pueblo Indians. Her best known work is Literary Folklore of the Hispanic Southwest (1953), a compilation of dances, folk-plays, children's games, ballads, and more. Along with Cleofas Martínez Jaramillo, she helped found La Sociedad Folklorica in 1935, a Santa Fe organization dedicated to preserving the customs and traditions of the descendants of colonial Spaniards.
Lucero-White Lea retired from teaching in 1960 and died in 1965.
Legacy
Lucero-White Lea was one of six New Mexican women commended for fighting for women's right to vote in a memorial bill passed by the New Mexico legislature in February 2020 titled "Centennial Of 19th Amendment", along with Laura E. Frenger, Nina Otero-Warren, Ina Sizer Cassidy, and Julia Asplund.
Selected works
See also
List of suffragists and suffragettes
Timeline of women's suffrage
References
1894 births
1965 deaths
Hispanic and Latino American suffragists
American folklorists
Women folklorists
Writers from New Mexico
People from Las Vegas, New Mexico
Hispanic and Latino American writers
Neomexicanos
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Activists from New Mexico
New Mexico Highlands University alumni
Speen is a village in the Chiltern Hills, an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, situated in the civil parish of Lacey Green, in Buckinghamshire, England.
The centre of the village (depicted by the village sign) is 3 miles south-east of Princes Risborough, 5 miles north of High Wycombe. The village is a short distance 'as the crow flies' from Hampden House, originally owned by John Hampden and a further distance from Chequers, the country residence of the Prime Minister.
The village has an annual fete which is usually held on the first weekend of July and a bi-annual arts festival which has been running for many years. The fete consists of entertainment shows, a theatre production and general activities on Speen Playing Field.
History
The village name originates from Anglo Saxon. The exact meaning is unclear, but possibly meaning 'wood-chip place'. The name of the village corresponds to the location of the hamlet in the Chiltern Forest where trees were regularly felled.
The Baptist church was built by men of the village in 1802. The flints were apparently collected in their aprons by local women from surrounding fields, helped by their children. It is a Grade II listed building.
Surrounding Lands and Population
The village is the style of a traditional 18th century, still consisting a mixture of woodland and agricultural fields surrounding the village. Due to the geographical location of the village no railway station was built. There are approximately 165 houses in the village which has a population at the time of the 2011 census of 637 and has an estimated population of 654 in 2019.
Speen Festival
The village has a bi-annual culture and arts festival. The festival runs in September in odd numbered year and the 2017 festival ran from Saturday 2 September 2017 to Sunday 17 September 2017.
The first Speen Festival in 2001 was based on a festival (The Leaves of Time) held in 1999 to celebrate the passing of the Millennium.
Notable residents
In 1928 the artist Eric Gill moved to Pigotts at Speen, where he set up a printing press, and lettering workshop and alternative community. He is buried in the Baptist churchyard.
The composer Edmund Rubbra lived at Valley Cottage, Highwood Bottom, Speen, for many years following his marriage in 1933.
References
External links
Speen history and local walks
The New Speen Village Website
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Wycombe District
The Securing the Protection of our Enduring and Established Constitutional Heritage (SPEECH) Act is a 2010 federal statutory law in the United States that makes foreign libel judgments unenforceable in U.S. courts, unless either the foreign legislation applied offers at least as much protection as the U.S. First Amendment (concerning free speech), or the defendant would have been found liable even if the case had been heard under U.S. law.
The act was passed by the 111th United States Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama.
Purpose
The act was written as a response to libel tourism. It creates a new cause of action and claim for damages against a foreign libel plaintiff, if they acted to deprive an American (or certain lawful aliens) of their right to free speech. Despite its goals, it is seen as a weak response to the problem of libel tourism as, although it establishes a new cause of action in § 4104, and allows for the collection of "reasonable" attorneys' fees in § 4105, it does not allow for damages to plaintiffs in contrast with stronger provisions in proposed bills which did not pass such as the Free Speech Protection Act of 2009 (H.R.1304, 111th Congress).
It was inspired by the legal battle that ensued between Dr. Rachel Ehrenfeld and Saudi businessman Khalid bin Mahfouz over her 2003 book Funding Evil.
Provisions
The Act amends Part VI of title 28, United States Code, by adding a new section 181 titled "Foreign Judgments". The legislation as signed contains findings that overseas libel claims have a chilling effect on free speech, matters of "serious public interest", and investigative journalism, and that internationally, little has been done about this. The Act provides that:
Domestic U.S. courts shall not domestically recognize or enforce any judgment for defamation issued in a foreign court, unless the jurisdiction concerned offers at least as much protection of free speech as the First Amendment, or alternatively, that the defendant would still have been found liable even under U.S. law in a U.S. court, applying the First Amendment;
The foreign court's conduct of the case must have respected the due process guarantees of the U.S. Constitution to the same extent as a U.S. court;
Claims that would be barred in the U.S. under s.230 of the Communications Act (47 U.S.C. 230, providing protection for online web host services) remain barred unless their outcome would be consistent with that which a U.S. court would have reached on the facts, if the defamation had been in the United States;
A defendant's prior appearance in a foreign court in connection with the case does not prevent that person opposing or defending a claim for enforcement in a U.S. court;
Claims may be removed to a federal court if any plaintiff and any defendant are from different states, or not from the United States;
Any United States person subjected to a foreign judgment for defamation may bring an action in a U.S. court to obtain a declaratory judgment that the overseas defamation judgment is "repugnant to the Constitution or laws of the United States" for any of these reasons; if successful then the foreign case cannot be enforced in the U.S.
Various burdens of proof and cost allocations are also specified.
Legislative history
The Act was passed unanimously in both the House of Representatives (as HR 2765) and the Senate (as S 3518) before being signed by President Obama on August 10, 2010. Two earlier bills had aimed to address the topic of libel tourism, both with the proposed title of the "Free Speech Protection Act"; they were introduced in 2008 and 2009, in the 110th and 111th United States Congress respectively, but neither was passed.
The SPEECH Act has been endorsed by several U.S. organizations, including the American Library Association, the Association of American Publishers, the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, and the American Civil Liberties Union.
Use in courts
In April 2011, Pontigon v. Lord was the first case addressing application of the SPEECH Act. It was heard in Missouri courts. InvestorsHub.com v. Mina Mar Group was the first federal judgment that referenced the act, but the matter was ultimately settled out of court.
Trout Point Lodge v. Doug K. Handshoe was the first appellate level ruling issued under the act, affirming a lower court decision holding that a Nova Scotia judgment was unrecognizable and unenforceable in the United States. Pursuant to the fee-shifting provision of the act, in 2013, the trial court awarded Handshoe $48,000 in legal fees.
The only examples of law journal treatment of the application of the SPEECH Act in the Trout Point Lodge case have criticized the Act. In the Roger Williams Law Review author Nicole Manzo wrote: "the Act fails to differentiate between legitimate forum selection and illegitimate forum shopping. Moreover, I assert that the Act affords too little protection to foreign defamation plaintiffs. I argue that the exceptions to non-enforcement are illusory and fail to provide courts with appropriate guidance. More pointedly, the Act does not explicitly state how speech protection should be applied in a given case." An article in the Journal of International & Comparative Law of the Chicago-Kent College of Law has supported those conclusions to find that the SPEECH Act, as applied by both the district court and the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in Trout Point Lodge v. Handshoe, is overly broad and in sorry need of reform: "the instant case ... exposes a potential over inclusivity of the SPEECH Act because of its universal applicability in defamation cases and lack of distinction between illegitimate and legitimate fora. Without the proper ability to distinguish between the two types of fora, the SPEECH Act penalizes those plaintiffs filing claims in good faith in appropriate fora." The article goes on to discuss the "fundamental failing" of the SPEECH Act, and to state that the Act "should be amended".
In 2014, the same federal district court rejected Handshoe's attempt to have a Canadian copyright infringement judgment against him removed to federal court using the SPEECH Act; the case was remanded. Handshoe tried to bring the case to federal court again in 2015 citing the SPEECH Act and diversity jurisdiction, after it was re-enrolled in Mississippi state court; the case was again remanded. The judge stated: "unlike the judgment at issue in the claim previously before the Fifth Circuit and this Court, the judgment at issue here does not involve allegations of false or damaging forms of speech et al. Instead, the judgment concerns purported property rights in photographic images."
In state court, Handshoe again filed motions arguing the SPEECH Act should block enforcement of the Canadian judgment against him. His motion was denied in January 2017. "The judgment of the Nova Scotia Supreme Court is not repugnant to Mississippi law. And the judgment does not conflict with the SPEECH Act of 2010 as determined by the United States District Court's February 17, 2016 remand order."
See also
Acts of the 111th United States Congress
Notes
References
External links
House Bill
Senate Bill
Text of the law as signed by President Obama
Acts of the 111th United States Congress
Presidency of Barack Obama
Freedom of speech in the United States
Defamation
Ohio's 29th senatorial district has historically been based in Canton, Ohio. It now consists of the majority of Stark County. It encompasses Ohio House districts 48, 49 and 50. It has a Cook PVI of R+1. Its Ohio Senator is Republican Kirk Schuring. He resides in Canton, a city located in Stark County.
List of senators
External links
Ohio's 29th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
This is a list of public art in Knightsbridge, a district in the City of Westminster and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in London.
City of Westminster
Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
References
Bibliography
Knightsbridge
Public art
Technology Aware Design (TAD) is a research program that started in 2001 at IMEC (an international research & development organization), located at Leuven, in Belgium. It anticipates the end of the traditional "happy scaling" paradigm, where CMOS technology and CMOS design evolved on formally separate tracks, the interface between the two being standard cell, or SPICE compact models (see transistor models for circuit design).
Today, both sides (design and technology) are confronted with the need to understand the other in order to overcome new scaling induced issues. The TAD program pursues analysis and solutions for these scaling induced problems.
References
Semiconductor technology
2001 establishments in Belgium
Science and technology in Belgium
Dockapps, or docked applications are computer programs which appear to reside inside an icon rather than a window in graphical computer systems, normally in a part of the user interface known as the dock. Their display is constantly updated just like a windowed application, but appears inside a small (64x64 pixel) icon.
This makes dockapps particularly suitable for monitoring things in the background, and some applications of dockapps are:
Displaying CPU usage
Displaying computer temperatures
Displaying network or disk-usage statistics
Displaying clocks, calendars, moon phases, or weather reports
See also
Dock (computing)
External links
dockapps.net - a central repository for many dockapps
xdock - an application that emulates Window Maker docks in any window manager
Desktop environments
Larry Newton (né Louis I. Nutinsky 7 May 1920, in Philadelphia – 30 January 2005, in Pompano Beach, Florida) was an American record company entrepreneur who, earlier in his career, worked with several independent labels. He then became sales manager at the 1955 startup of ABC-Paramount Records, ascending to president in 1965. He oversaw what became a major multimarket, multi-label company, which, for its jazz subsidiary Impulse!, included Ray Charles, Oliver Nelson, Archie Shepp, Pharoah Sanders, and John Coltrane.
Career
Newton's career began in 1938, while still in high school, when he worked in the stockroom of a Columbia distributor in Philadelphia. He became a salesman for Varsity, Combo, and Rainbow Records
Newton enlisted in the U.S. Army in December 1941. He served as a paratrooper during World War II and was honorably discharged November 15, 1945. In 1946, he became sales manager for Black & White Records.
In March 1949, Newton left B&W to become general manager of Peak Records. Also, around July 1949, Newton co-founded, co-owned, and co-managed, with Eddie Heller, Derby Records — which produced hit by the Eddie Wilcox Orchestra, with Sunny Gale singing "Wheel of Fortune" – and Jaye P. Morgan.
Newton overextended financially and, in 1953, formed a record Central Records with Lee Magid 1953. Eventually, in 1954, he had to file for bankruptcy. The Derby masters were sold to RCA where Newton became an executive.
In 1955, Newton became General Manager of Murray Katz's Treat Records, then located at 236 West 55 Street in Manhattan. In 1956, he joined ABC-Paramount as sales manager where, in 1959, he rose to vice president of sales and, in 1965, president.
1967 saw Newton's most infamous decision: his refusal to promote Louis Armstrong's recording of the song "What a Wonderful World". The song had been written with Armstrong in mind, but when Armstrong, who had recently signed with ABC Records, was recording it, Newton tried to stop the session, because he disliked the slow pace. Newton was physically locked out of the studio, and the session continued with him fuming outside. Afterward, Newton put no promotion effort into the single, calling it a mistake. As a result of Newton's attitude, "What a Wonderful World" did not do well in the U.S., though it succeeded elsewhere in the world, including hitting #1 in the UK. It remained essentially unknown in the United States until 20 years later, when it gained popularity after being used in the 1987 film Good Morning, Vietnam.
In 1970, Newton became vice-president of ABC Pictures. In 1972, he returned to the record business by co-founding and heading GSF Records.
Death
Sometime in the 1940s, Newton married Dorothy Liberman (aka "Dolly;" 1921–2014). He died on January 30, 2005, in Pompano Beach, Florida. He was 84 years old. Larry and his wife are both buried at Star of David Memorial Gardens, North Lauderdale, Florida.
Notes
References
1920 births
2005 deaths
American music industry executives
Jazz record producers
United States Army personnel of World War II
Brotula is a name for several fishes and may refer to:
Bythitidae, a family of fishes also known as "viviparous brotulas"
Ophidiidae, a family of fishes also known as "brotulas" or "cusk-eels"
Brotula (genus), a genus of fishes in the family Ophidiidae
André Vida (born 1974) is Hungarian-American saxophonist, lyricist, avant-garde musician and experimental composer based in Berlin. Vida has been on the forefront of several major developments in experimental music, including his membership in Anthony Braxton's original Ghost Trance Ensemble, as founding member of New York collective the CTIA, performances with The Tower Recordings and subsequent ‘freak folk' groups.
Early life and education
André Vida was born in 1974 in the United States. Throughout the 1990s, he played in bands with Anthony Braxton, a Professor of Music at Wesleyan University. In 1995, Vida moved to New York City and co-founded the Creative Trans-Informational Alliance Presents (CTIA) with Brandon Evans and Dominique Eade.
Vida graduated from Wesleyan University in 1997. He was awarded a M.F.A. degree in Experimental Sound Practices in 2005 from the School of Music at California Institute of the Arts (CalArts).
Career
In 2001, Vida moved to Berlin and soon after launched the Kreuzberg suite, a once a week concert series with Vida and a frequently changing musical guest creating improvisational music around the subject of "Fish And Green".
His musical language is informed by an awareness of the human body and its limits. Vida worked in a collaboration with Anri Sala for the exhibition "3-2-1" at The Serpentine Gallery in London. Vida was scheduled to perform over 400 improvisational saxophone concerts over the course of 51 days (from October 1 to November 20, 2011).
Vida was an Eyebeam Honorary Fellow in 2013.
In 2013, as part of the Global Art Forum 7, Vida performed "Score" at the Mathaf: Arab Museum of Modern Art, challenging the question what if we spoke music instead of words?
2015 Sculpture Park, Frieze Art Fair London presented a live performance by Anri Sala in collaboration with André Vida. The piece is called To Each His Own (in Bridges), it is based on 74 pieces of music, combining fragments of jazz, folk, and pop songs played on the saxophone, clarinet and trombone.
In 2016, Vida participated in the art exhibition, "Anri Sala: Answer Me,” at the New Museum in New York City. Vida live improvises sound with his saxophone next to a video of Jemeel Moondoc's performance, shot on the balcony of a building in Berlin.
Vida has collaborated with artists such as; Elton John, MV & EE, Anaïs Croze, Kevin Blechdom, Oni Ayhun, Tim Exile, Anri Sala, James Tenney, David Rosenboom, Sonny Simmons, Cecil Taylor, Lee Ranaldo, Heatsick, Jim O'Rourke, Dean Roberts, Tony Buck, Hildur Gudnadottir, Jimmy Edgar, Chilly Gonzales, Mocky, Tyshawn Sorey, Susie Ibarra, Guillermo E. Brown, and many others.
Discography
References
External links
Official website
André Vida/Vidatone performances on YouTube
List of Vida's tracks on The Wire (magazine)
Video interview with André Vida on Vimeo from Eyebeam
21st-century American composers
American lyricists
American saxophonists
American male saxophonists
Living people
Hungarian-American culture in New York (state)
1974 births
Avant-garde jazz composers
Avant-garde jazz musicians
California Institute of the Arts alumni
Musicians from New York City
Songwriters from New York (state)
21st-century saxophonists
American male jazz composers
American jazz composers
21st-century American male musicians
Wesleyan University alumni
21st-century jazz composers
Jazz musicians from New York (state)
American male songwriters
Thomas Albert George "Tony" James (16 September 1919 – 1981) was a Welsh professional footballer who scored 25 goals from 90 appearances in the English Football League playing for Brighton & Hove Albion and Bristol Rovers. He was Brighton's top scorer in the 1947–48 season with 14 goals in all competitions. He went on to play 41 times for Southern League club Bath City. James was born in Ynysybwl, Glamorgan, and played as an inside forward.
References
1919 births
1981 deaths
People from Ynysybwl
Welsh footballers
Association football forwards
Folkestone F.C. players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Bath City F.C. players
English Football League players
Southern Football League players
In mathematics, power iteration (also known as the power method) is an eigenvalue algorithm: given a diagonalizable matrix , the algorithm will produce a number , which is the greatest (in absolute value) eigenvalue of , and a nonzero vector , which is a corresponding eigenvector of , that is, .
The algorithm is also known as the Von Mises iteration.
Power iteration is a very simple algorithm, but it may converge slowly. The most time-consuming operation of the algorithm is the multiplication of matrix by a vector, so it is effective for a very large sparse matrix with appropriate implementation.
The method
The power iteration algorithm starts with a vector , which may be an approximation to the dominant eigenvector or a random vector. The method is described by the recurrence relation
So, at every iteration, the vector is multiplied by the matrix and normalized.
If we assume has an eigenvalue that is strictly greater in magnitude than its other eigenvalues and the starting vector has a nonzero component in the direction of an eigenvector associated with the dominant eigenvalue, then a subsequence converges to an eigenvector associated with the dominant eigenvalue.
Without the two assumptions above, the sequence does not necessarily converge. In this sequence,
,
where is an eigenvector associated with the dominant eigenvalue, and . The presence of the term implies that does not converge unless . Under the two assumptions listed above, the sequence defined by
converges to the dominant eigenvalue (with Rayleigh quotient).
One may compute this with the following algorithm (shown in Python with NumPy):
#!/usr/bin/env python3
import numpy as np
def power_iteration(A, num_simulations: int):
# Ideally choose a random vector
# To decrease the chance that our vector
# Is orthogonal to the eigenvector
b_k = np.random.rand(A.shape[1])
for _ in range(num_simulations):
# calculate the matrix-by-vector product Ab
b_k1 = np.dot(A, b_k)
# calculate the norm
b_k1_norm = np.linalg.norm(b_k1)
# re normalize the vector
b_k = b_k1 / b_k1_norm
return b_k
power_iteration(np.array([[0.5, 0.5], [0.2, 0.8]]), 10)
The vector to an associated eigenvector. Ideally, one should use the Rayleigh quotient in order to get the associated eigenvalue.
This algorithm is used to calculate the Google PageRank.
The method can also be used to calculate the spectral radius (the eigenvalue with the largest magnitude, for a square matrix) by computing the Rayleigh quotient
Analysis
Let be decomposed into its Jordan canonical form: , where the first column of is an eigenvector of corresponding to the dominant eigenvalue . Since the dominant eigenvalue of is unique, the first Jordan block of is the matrix where is the largest eigenvalue of A in magnitude. The starting vector can be written as a linear combination of the columns of V:
By assumption, has a nonzero component in the direction of the dominant eigenvalue, so .
The computationally useful recurrence relation for can be rewritten as:
where the expression: is more amenable to the following analysis.
The expression above simplifies as
The limit follows from the fact that the eigenvalue of is less than 1 in magnitude, so
It follows that:
Using this fact, can be written in a form that emphasizes its relationship with when k is large:
where and as
The sequence is bounded, so it contains a convergent subsequence. Note that the eigenvector corresponding to the dominant eigenvalue is only unique up to a scalar, so although the sequence may not converge,
is nearly an eigenvector of A for large k.
Alternatively, if A is diagonalizable, then the following proof yields the same result
Let λ1, λ2, ..., λm be the m eigenvalues (counted with multiplicity) of A and let v1, v2, ..., vm be the corresponding eigenvectors. Suppose that is the dominant eigenvalue, so that for .
The initial vector can be written:
If is chosen randomly (with uniform probability), then c1 ≠ 0 with probability 1. Now,
On the other hand:
Therefore, converges to (a multiple of) the eigenvector . The convergence is geometric, with ratio
where denotes the second dominant eigenvalue. Thus, the method converges slowly if there is an eigenvalue close in magnitude to the dominant eigenvalue.
Applications
Although the power iteration method approximates only one eigenvalue of a matrix, it remains useful for certain computational problems. For instance, Google uses it to calculate the PageRank of documents in their search engine, and Twitter uses it to show users recommendations of whom to follow. The power iteration method is especially suitable for sparse matrices, such as the web matrix, or as the matrix-free method that does not require storing the coefficient matrix explicitly, but can instead access a function evaluating matrix-vector products . For non-symmetric matrices that are well-conditioned the power iteration method can outperform more complex Arnoldi iteration. For symmetric matrices, the power iteration method is rarely used, since its convergence speed can be easily increased without sacrificing the small cost per iteration; see, e.g., Lanczos iteration and LOBPCG.
Some of the more advanced eigenvalue algorithms can be understood as variations of the power iteration. For instance, the inverse iteration method applies power iteration to the matrix . Other algorithms look at the whole subspace generated by the vectors . This subspace is known as the Krylov subspace. It can be computed by Arnoldi iteration or Lanczos iteration.
See also
Rayleigh quotient iteration
Inverse iteration
References
Numerical linear algebra
Articles with example Python (programming language) code
Eskiyürük, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Łaźniewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
The 1989 Dartmouth Big Green football team was an American football team that represented Dartmouth College during the 1989 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Dartmouth finished fourth in the Ivy League.
In their third season under head coach Eugene "Buddy" Teevens, the Big Green compiled a 5–5 record and were outscored 178 to 170. Mark Johnson and Kevin Luensmann were the team captains.
The Big Green's 4–3 conference record placed fourth in the Ivy League standings. Dartmouth outscored Ivy opponents 115 to 82.
Dartmouth played its home games at Memorial Field on the college campus in Hanover, New Hampshire.
Schedule
References
Dartmouth
Dartmouth Big Green football seasons
Dartmouth Big Green football
Sokolniki () is a station on the Bolshaya Koltsevaya line of the Moscow Metro which is currently under construction. A transfer to Sokolniki is planned. It will open in 2022.
Gallery
References
Moscow Metro stations
Bolshaya Koltsevaya line
Tímea Babos and Mandy Minella were the defending champions, but they decided not to participate this year.
Lara Arruabarrena and Caroline Garcia won the title, defeating Vania King and Chanelle Scheepers in the final, 7–6(7–5), 6–4.
Seeds
Vania King / Chanelle Scheepers (final)
Lourdes Domínguez Lino / Arantxa Parra Santonja (semifinals)
Irina-Camelia Begu / María Irigoyen (quarterfinals)
Sharon Fichman / Alexandra Panova (semifinals)
Draw
Draw
References
Main draw
Copa Colsanitas - Doubles
2014 Doubles
Mandalenčići is a village in the municipality of Gračišće in Istria, Croatia.
According to the 2001 Croatian census, the village had 255 inhabitants and 81 family households.
References
Populated places in Istria County
2020–2021 Malaysian floods is an event when several states in Malaysia were flooded in late 2020 and early 2021. Floods caused about tens of thousands of people to be evacuated to evacuation centers. The floods also claimed several lives, causing almost all types of land transport in the areas affected by the floods to be cut off.
Affected areas
The floods affected part of Peninsular Malaysia. Pahang and Johor are the states most severely affected by the floods this time. Other states involved are Terengganu, Kelantan, Selangor and Perak. Floods also occurred in Beaufort, Sabah.
Cause of flooding
Heavy rains for several days in a row were caused by the Northeast Monsoon Winds that hit the South China Sea, across Peninsular Malaysia. Heavy rains also hit Thailand, and also caused severe flooding there.
Damage
Large floods have affected land transport in the affected states. There was a landslide in Bukit Fraser, Pahang. The East Coast expressways is closed from any vehicle starting from Karak to Lanchang. Federal and state roads were also closed.
Casualties
In Kelantan, a man was killed in this flood in Kampung Tasek Gong Kala, Pasir Puteh. Pahang, on the other hand, recorded two children killed after being swept away by the strong currents of Sungai Puas, Pahang. There were two casualties due to the floods, dan involving a woman and a young man in Johor.
Responses
Warning
Heavy rain and flood warnings have been issued by the Malaysian Meteorological Department (MetMalaysia) since early November 2020.
During flooding
The temporary evacuation center (PPS) was opened and operated by the Social Welfare Department (JKM) based on the instructions of the National Security Council. Apart from coordinating the opening of PPS, JKM also acts to provide all the basic needs in each PPS for the welfare of each flood victim. JKM also provides food supply to victims as well as coordinates actions to comply with the new standard operating procedures (SOP) norms with various relevant agencies. JKM also updates disaster information through the InfoBencanaJKM application. The Kelantan State Government also updated the flood information that occurred in the state in a special portal. Facebook also launched a special crisis response portal on the social media site on 1 January 2021.
See also
Floods in Malaysia
References
External links
InfoBencana Jabatan Kebajikan Masyarakat Portal
e-Banjir for Kelantan State Portal
Crisis response portal on Facebook
2020 in Malaysia
2021 in Malaysia
Floods in Malaysia
Natural disasters in Malaysia
2020 disasters in Malaysia
2021 disasters in Malaysia
November 2020 events in Asia
Neochildia is a monotypic genus of a dark brown acoel belonging to the family Convolutidae. The only species is Neochildia fusca.
The nervous system is composed of an anterior compact brain organized as a layer of neural somata surrounding a central neuropil free of cell bodies.
References
Acoelomorphs
Kate Emma Boundy (1863–1913) was an English musician, considered by her contemporaries a gifted composer, many of whose small-scale works achieved considerable success in her lifetime.
Life
Kate Boundy was born in Exeter, the eldest daughter of Mr. G.L. Boundy of Southcroft, Heavitree Road, Exeter.
She was a student at London's Royal College of Music, from where she obtained the associate diploma (ARCM).
In her later years ill health meant she was unable to walk and she made use of a wheelchair. She died while visiting her brother's house in Abergavenny, Wales. She was buried in the Higher Cemetery, Exeter.
Works
Music for schools
1895: Good-night and good-morning. Kindergarten song. Words anon.
1896: "Down in a green and shady bed. Two-oart canon.
1896: The Ducking. Junior unison song. Words byE. Capern.
1896: Good-night and good-morning. Kindergarten Action Song.
1896: The Mill, the Rill, and the Bee. Junior unison song. Words by E. Capern.
1896: The Snowflakes. Junior unison song. Words by S.J. Mulford.
1897: The Nestlings. Kindergarten Song. Words by L.F. Pollard.
1901:"The Rival Flowers : an operetta for schools and classes. Words by Shapcott Wensley.
1903: The Fairy Ship. Junior unison song with ad lib. actions. Words by Mary Adamson. (Seriess: Novello School Songs).
1903: Patriotic Posies. An action pieces. words by Mary Adamson.
1903: The Song of the Kettle. Junior unison song ad lib. Words by Mary Adamson.
Organ
1897: Andante grazioso ('The Village Organist', vol. 1).
1898: Even Song ('The Village Organist', vol. 2).
1898: Andante Patetico ('The Village Organist'. vol 5).
Sacred Music
1875: O Lord of Hosts: anthem for eight voices.
Songs
1886: My Gauntlet's down. Words by J. Kennedy.
1888: A Book of Four Songs
External links
Andrew Pink performs (2021) Even Song.
References
Composers for pipe organ
Choral composers
Musicians from Exeter
1913 deaths
British women classical composers
Associates of the Royal College of Music
1863 births
Juan Carlos Navarro (born October 19, 1961) is a Panamanian businessman, environmentalist, and politician and was the Mayor of Panama City, Panama until August 30 2004.
Education
Juan Carlos Navarro received his B.A. from Dartmouth College (1983) and a Master in Public Policy from Harvard University (1985). Navarro is fluent in Spanish, French and English.
Career as conservationist
Juan Carlos Navarro founded the National Association for the Conservation of Nature (ANCON) in 1985. Navarro served as the first Environmental Ambassador of his country, appointed by the President of Panama to advise key officials, in both the public and private sectors, on national and international environmental policy on an ad honorem basis (1995-2000).
He was elected to the World Conservation Union (IUCN) as Regional Councilor for Latin America in 1990, and was re-elected to that post in 1994, serving as the first Panamanian and the youngest member ever elected to the Council. Selected in 1998 as the first Inter American Conservation Fellow by The Nature Conservancy's Center for Compatible Economic Development, with the support of the MacArthur Foundation, Navarro was the first conservation leader from the Caribbean, Latin America and the Pacific rim to be so honored. In 1998 he authored the book Panama National Parks, which was published in Madrid, Spain, and is the country's first comprehensive text on national parks and nature reserves.
In 2014, Navarro funded Empresa Nacional de Energia Solar, S.A. (NSOLAR), one of the first and biggest solar power companies in Panama. NSOLAR has installed over 140 successful photovoltaic systems so far.
Career as politician
Juan Carlos Navarro joined the Democratic Revolutionary Party (Partido Revolucionario Democratico, PRD) in 1998 and was originally elected Mayor of Panama City for a five-year term (1999-2004) after winning his party's primaries (October 1998) and the general election in May 1999. He was reelected for a five-year term (2004-2009) in May 2004. He was the youngest citizen ever elected to the Mayor's office. He was elected unanimously as the first President of the National Mayor's Association of Panama (2001) and reelected twice for the same position (2003, 2005). Navarro also served as co-President of the Unión de Ciudades Capitales de Iberoamericanas (UCCI) together with Mayor Alvarez del Manzano of Madrid, Spain (2002).
He quickly established himself as a national party leader and in August 2002 was elected to the nine-member National Executive Committee, the PRD's top governing organism. In 2008 he was re-elected into the National Executive Committee as the most voted member. In September 2008, he participated in his party's primaries for President against the then Housing Minister, Balbina Herrera. He was defeated by 4%, thus losing an election for the first time in his political career. Even though he had lost the primaries, he had almost half the party supporting his candidacy and this led Balbina Herrera to nominate him as Vice-Presidential candidate in the PRD ticket for the 2009 presidential election. In that election the PRD and Balbina Herrera lost to Ricardo Martinelli and Juan Carlos Varela by a wide margin. This led Juan Carlos Navarro to call for all the National Executive Committee members to resign based on the poor election results. In October 2009, Juan Carlos Navarro resigned his post as First Under Secretary in the National Executive Committee and shortly thereafter all other members resigned, including Balbina Herrera and then Secretary-General Martin Torrijos.
In 2012, Juan Carlos Navarro was elected Secretary-General of the PRD, the top post in the party's structure. The political movement he led won all 10 posts of the National Executive Committee; it was the first time in history that all 10 posts were held by the same party. In March 2013 he participated once again in his party's primaries for President against 17 other candidates and won with over 95% of the vote. In the 2014 Presidential elections, he came third with 28% of the vote.
Even though Navarro lost the election, the party won a majority of seats in the Legislative Assembly. For this reason, after the election Navarro negotiated a legislative pact called "Panama Primero" with President-elect Juan Carlos Varela to secure that many of the projects proposed during his campaign would become a reality. These proposals include the Minister for Environmental Issues and a complete decentralization of the government. Once the legislative pact was finalized, Navarro resigned his post as Secretary General of the PRD accepting his responsibility for the election results.
On July 10, 2018, Navarro once again registered to participate in the PRD primaries, which were to be held on September 16 of the same year. He aspired to be chosen as his party's presidential candidate for the General Elections to be held on May 5, 2019.
Navarro announced on August 21, 2018 that he was declining his aspirations to be chosen as the PRD's presidential candidate in order to back Ernesto Pérez Balladares in his bid to be the party's nominee. In the September 16th primaries, the Balladares-Navarro allegiance came in third place, obtaining 8% of the vote. Laurentino Cortizo won the PRD's presidential nomination.
Personal life
Juan Carlos Navarro is married to Cuqui Campagnani and they have three children together: Juan Andres, Felipe and Gabriel.
Books
National Parks of Panama (1998)
Voices of My Life (2014)
References
1961 births
Dartmouth College alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Living people
Panamanian businesspeople
Panamanian environmentalists
People from Panama City
Mayors of places in Panama
The 2006 Japanese Grand Prix (formally known as the 2006 Formula 1 Fuji Television Japanese Grand Prix) was a Formula One race held on 8 October 2006 at the Suzuka Circuit, in Suzuka, Japan. It was the seventeenth and penultimate round of the 2006 Formula One World Championship, and marked the 32nd running of the Japanese Grand Prix. It was won by Fernando Alonso, his last win for the Renault team before he moved to McLaren the following season. It was the first Formula One race to be broadcast in HDTV by Fuji Television, and was the 20th Grand Prix to be held at Suzuka.
Report
Practice and qualifying
Friday drivers
The bottom 6 teams in the 2005 Constructors' Championship and Super Aguri were entitled to run a third car in free practice on Friday. These drivers drove on Friday but did not compete in qualifying or the race.
Race
Felipe Massa started the race from pole, but Michael Schumacher passed him on lap 3 to take the lead. Meanwhile, Alonso was struggling to get past the Toyotas of Trulli and Ralf Schumacher. By lap 10 Alonso was 5.4 seconds off the leader. On lap 15 Alonso managed to pass Massa in the pitstops and chased Schumacher. He succeeded in closing the gap from 5.4 seconds on lap 10 to 4.2 seconds by lap 27 only for it to open up to 5.9 seconds by lap 34 after the two drivers encountered backmarkers. The race was crucial in the fight for the World Championship, as whoever finished ahead of the two would take the championship lead into the final race. On lap 37, after the two rivals had made their final pitstops, Schumacher's engine failed, his first engine failure since the 2000 French Grand Prix, giving the lead to Alonso, who went on to win the race. As a result, he needed only one point from the final race to secure the title.
, Alonso's win remains the most recent victory for a car running on Michelin tyres, as the manufacturer pulled out of Formula One at the end of the season. Giancarlo Fisichella dedicated his third-place finish to his best friend, Tonino Visciani, who had died on 5 October 2006 after a heart attack.
Classification
Qualifying
Race
Championship standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Constructors' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
Bold text indicates competitors who still had a theoretical chance of becoming World Champion.
References
External links
Detailed Japanese Grand Prix results (archived)
Japanese Grand Prix
Japanese Grand Prix
Grand Prix
Japanese Grand Prix
Vallalar Nagar is a neighbourhood in Chennai, India.
Vallalar nagar is one of the important place in North Chennai. It is also called popularly as Mint, since the Madras treasury and mint was located here. The nearest railway station is Washermanpet railway station.
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
VfL Sportfreunde Lotte is a German association football club from Lotte, North Rhine-Westphalia. The football team is part of a sports club with approximately 1400 members and departments for handball, walking, gymnastics, and swimming, as well as other activities.
History
The association was established as the gymnastics club Turnverein Lotte in 1929. After World War II the club was re-established as VfL Sportfreunde Lotte on 9 February 1946 and was built around football and handball departments.
Lotte reached the Verbandsliga Westfalen (V) in 1996 and after a title there in 2004 were promoted to the Oberliga Westfalen (IV), later Regionalliga West. They won that league in 2012–13 but lost the promotion play-off to RB Leipzig. In 2013–14, the club finished in second place. They won the Regionalliga West once more in 2015–16 and, after defeating Waldhof Mannheim in the play-off, earned promotion to the 3. Liga for the first time. On 18 May 2019, they were relegated back to the Regionalliga.
Sportfreunde plays their home matches in the Frimo Stadion (formerly the Sportpark am Lotter Kreuz) which holds 10,059 spectators.
Honours
The club's honours:
Regionalliga West
Champions: 2013, 2016
Verbandsliga Westfalen
Champions: 2004
Landesliga Westfalen
Champions: 1996
Bezirksliga Westfalen
Champions: 1989
Westphalia Cup
Winners: 2015
Players
Current squad
Out on loan
Notable coaches
Manfred Wölpper (2008)
Maik Walpurgis (2008–2013)
References
External links
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German football league tables (in German)
Racism accusations against SF Lotte players
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in North Rhine-Westphalia
Association football clubs established in 1929
1929 establishments in Germany
Steinfurt (district)
3. Liga clubs
Presseck is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.
City arrangement
Presseck is arranged in the following boroughs:
References
Kulmbach (district)
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 2003.
Events
8 February - Claire's Birthday are selected to represent Estonia at the 2003 Eurovision Song Contest with their song "Eighties Coming Back". They are selected to be the ninth Estonian Eurovision entry during Eurolaul held at the ETV Studios in Tallinn.
Debuts
Television shows
1990s
Õnne 13 (1993–present)
Ending this year
Births
Deaths
23 January – Heikki Haravee (born 1924), actor
23 February – Helle-Reet Helenurm (born 1944), actress
Stuart Edward Corbridge, FRGS (born 1957) is a British geographer and academic specialising in geopolitics, development studies, and India. From September 2015 to July 2021, he was Vice-Chancellor and Warden of Durham University. From 2013 to 2015, he was Provost and Deputy Director of the London School of Economics. He was also Professor of Development Studies at LSE.
Early life
Corbridge was born in 1957. He was brought up in the West Midlands of England. Having gained entry to the University of Cambridge, he studied geography at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge. His lecturers included Derek Gregory, Polly Hill, and Ajit Singh. He graduated in 1978 with a first class Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree; as per tradition, his BA was later promoted to Master of Arts (MA Cantab). He remained at Cambridge to undertake postgraduate study at St John's College, Cambridge. He completed his Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in 1986. His supervisor was Dr Ben H. Farmer and his thesis was titled "State, Tribe and Region: Policy and Politics in Jharkhand, India, 1880 - 1980".
Academic career
From 1981 to 1985, Corbridge was a part-time lecturer in geography at Huddersfield Polytechnic. He was first published in 1982 while he was a postgraduate student. He moved from Huddersfield Polytechnic to Royal Holloway, University of London, where he was a lecturer in geography for two years. From 1987 to 1988, he held a position in the United States of America: he was an associate professor of the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, Syracuse University. He then returned to his alma mater, the University of Cambridge. From 1988 to 1999, he was a lecturer in South Asian geography and a fellow of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge.
In 1999, he once more moved to the United States and took up his first appointment as a full professor. From 1999 to 2003, he was Professor of International Studies at the University of Miami. However, because of internal events at the university he left to return to the United Kingdom. He joined the London School of Economics (LSE) as Professor of Geography, soon transferring to International Development. He was Head of the Department of International Development from August 2007 to July 2010. Between 2010 and 2013, he served as Pro-Director for Research. In September 2013, he was appointed Provost and Deputy Director of LSE.
In March 2015, it was announced that Corbridge had been selected as the next Vice-Chancellor and Warden of Durham University. He took up the appointment in September 2015 and is Durham's 24th vice-chancellor. In April 2020, Corbridge was at the centre of a controversy surrounding proposed changes to the provision of teaching at Durham University. The proposed changes, which would have involved reducing the number of modules delivered in person by 25% in favour of courses taught either primarily or entirely online, were criticized by university staff and students. After significant resistance the plans were retracted from the university senate, with Corbridge commenting that he was "happy to say that I think we misjudged our academics. It is very clear that most academics do not want to let go of their courses".
In May 2020, the Chair of Council announced that Corbridge will retire on 31 July 2021.
Personal life
Corbridge's partner is Pilar Saborio de Rocafort, a Costa Rican diplomat. From 2007 to 2015, she was Costa Rica's ambassador to the United Kingdom. Since February 2015, she has been Costa Rica's Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
Scholarly work
Corbridge has made several major contributions to international development theory, beginning in 1986 with his critiques of radical development. His empirical work is on peasant economy and rural development in India, and the nature of the Indian state as that country undergoes rapid transformation into a capitalist economy.
Selected works
References
1957 births
People from the West Midlands (region)
Living people
British geographers
Geopoliticians
Development specialists
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Alumni of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge
Academics of the University of Huddersfield
Academics of Royal Holloway, University of London
Syracuse University faculty
Fellows of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge
University of Miami faculty
Academics of the London School of Economics
Vice-Chancellors and Wardens of Durham University
Fellows of the Royal Geographical Society
Nylander's test is a chemical test used for detecting the presence of reducing sugars. Glucose or fructose reduces bismuth oxynitrate to bismuth under alkaline conditions. When Nylander's reagent, which consists of bismuth nitrate, potassium sodium tartrate and potassium hydroxide, is added to a solution with reducing sugars, a black precipitate of metallic bismuth is formed.
References
Biochemistry detection methods
Carolyn (Campbell) Pendray (December 9, 1881 - November 23, 1958) born in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, United States, was an educator and politician.
Pendray was the first woman elected to the Iowa General Assembly, representing Jackson County in both the Iowa House of Representatives and the Iowa Senate.
Early life
Pendray was born in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, in 1881. She attended schools in Mount Pleasant.
After passing the state teachers' exam, Pendray taught in rural schools, and in Des Moines. In 1912, she became County Superintendent of Schools for Henry County, and continued in that position for seven years. Pendray also taught summer classes at Iowa Wesleyan University.
She married William Pendray, a merchant in Maquoketa, in 1920, and settled first in Ottumwa, and later in Maquoketa.
Political career
Pendray was elected as a Democrat to the Iowa House of Representatives in 1928, where she served two terms. She was then elected to the Iowa Senate in 1932, where she again served two terms. She did not seek re-election in 1936.
Pendray supported bills which promoted the equality of women, particularly those regarding education, inheritance law, and property reform. She was considered "a strong, resolute woman who rarely gave up a fight".
Later life
Pendray retired to Mount Pleasant in 1950, where she was a staunch supporter of the Democratic Party.
Pendray was an active member of the Philanthropic Educational Organization in Maquoketa, the Federated Church in Mt. Pleasant, the Daughters of the American Revolution, the P.E.O. Sisterhood, and the Congregational church.
Pendray died at age 76. She was buried at Mount Pleasant, Iowa.
In 1978, Pendray was inducted into the Iowa Women's Hall of Fame.
References
1881 births
1958 deaths
Iowa Republicans
Iowa state senators
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
People from Mount Pleasant, Iowa
Women state legislators in Iowa
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
20th-century American educators
Educators from Iowa
20th-century American women educators
Iowa Wesleyan University faculty
American women academics
Alberto Senigagliesi (born 12 August 1970) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
People from Susa, Piedmont
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Turin
Italian alpine skiing coaches
Louanne Mermier (born 1 February 2001) is a French ice hockey player for Megève HC and the French national team.
She represented France at the 2019 IIHF Women's World Championship.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
French women's ice hockey defencemen
Kopuzlu, Posof is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
was the 106th Emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. He reigned from November 17, 1557, to his abdication on December 17, 1586, corresponding to the transition between the Sengoku period and the Azuchi–Momoyama period. His personal name was Michihito (方仁).
Genealogy
Ōgimachi was the first son of Emperor Go-Nara.
Lady-in-waiting (Naishi-no-Suke): Madenokōji (Fujiwara) Fusako (万里小路 房子; d.1580) later Seiko-in (清光院), Madenokōji Hidefusa's daughter
Second daughter: Princess Eikō (1540–1551; 永高女王)
Third daughter (b.1543)
Eldest son: , also known as Prince Sanehito and posthumously named Yōkwōin daijō-tennō. Masahito's eldest son was who became Emperor Go-Yōzei. Go-Yōzei elevated the rank of his father, even though his father's untimely death made this impossible in life. In this manner, Go-Yōzei himself could enjoy the polite fiction of being the son of an emperor.
Daughter (1562–67, mother speculated)
Lady-in-waiting (Naishi-no-Suke): Asukai Masatsuna's daughter
daughter: ??? (春齢女王; 1549–1569)
daughter: Princess Eisho (永尊女王; 1563–1571)
Lady-in-waiting (Naishi-no-Suke): Dai-Naishi (大典侍), Madenokōji Katafusa's daughter
First daughter (1539–1543）
Events of Ōgimachi's life
Ōgimachi became Emperor upon the death of Emperor Go-Nara.
1560 (Eiroku 3, 1st month): Ōgimachi was proclaimed emperor. The ceremonies of coronation were made possible because they were paid for by Mōri Motonari and others.
1560 (Eiroku 3, 5th month): Imagawa Yoshimoto led the armies of the province of Suruga against the Owari; at the Battle of Okehazama, his forces fought against Oda Nobunaga, but Imagawa's army was vanquished and he was slain. Then Nobunaga took over the province of Owari. Tokugawa Ieyasu took over the province of Mikawa and made himself master of Okazaki Castle.
1564 (Eiroku 7): Oda Nobunaga completed the conquest of Mino; he built a new castle at Gifu.
1568 (Eiroku 11, 2nd month): Ashikaga Yoshihide became shōgun.
1568 (Eiroku 11, 9th month): Shōgun Yoshihide died from a contagious disease.
The finances of the emperor and his court were greatly strained. The authority of the Imperial Court also began to fall, but this trend reversed after Oda Nobunaga entered Kyoto in a show of allegiance but which also indicated that the Emperor had the Oda clan's support. Frequently using the Emperor as a mediator when fighting enemies, Nobunaga worked to unify the disparate elements to Japan. However, by around 1573, Nobunaga began demanding the Emperor's abdication, but the Emperor refused.
Before political power was transferred to Toyotomi Hideyoshi, in order to take advantage of Ōgimachi's authority, the power of the Imperial Family was increased. In this way, Hideyoshi and the Imperial Family entered into a mutually beneficial relationship.
In January of the year Tenshō 14 (1586), the regent had the Golden Tea Room brought to Kyoto Imperial Palace to host the emperor there.
In 1586, Emperor Ōgimachi abdicated in favor of his grandson, Imperial Prince Katahito (周仁親王), who became the Emperor Go-Yōzei. Ōgimachi retired to the Sentō Palace. On February 6, 1593, he died.
During Ōgimachi's reign, with the assistance of Oda Nobunaga and Toyotomi Hideyoshi, the imperial family was able to halt the political, financial, and cultural decline it had been in since the Ōnin War, and began a time of recovery.
Ōgimachi is enshrined with other emperors at the imperial tomb called Fukakusa no kita no misasagi (深草北陵) in Fushimi-ku, Kyoto.
Kugyō
Kugyō (公卿) is a collective term for the very few most powerful men attached to the court of the Emperor of Japan in pre-Meiji eras. Even during those years in which the court's actual influence outside the palace walls was minimal, the hierarchic organization persisted.
In general, this elite group included only three to four men at a time. These were hereditary courtiers whose experience and background would have brought them to the pinnacle of a life's career. During Ōgimachi's reign, this apex of the Daijō-kan included:
Daijō-daijin, Konoe Sakihisa, 1536–1612.
Sadaijin
Udaijin
Naidaijin
Dainagon
Eras of Ōgimachi's reign
The years of Ōgimachi's reign are more specifically identified by more than one era name or nengō.
Kōji (1555–1558)
Eiroku (1558–1570)
Genki (1570–1573)
Tenshō (1573–1592)
Ancestry
See also
Emperor of Japan
List of Emperors of Japan
Imperial cult
Notes
References
Ponsonby-Fane, Richard Arthur Brabazon. (1959). The Imperial House of Japan. Kyoto: Ponsonby Memorial Society. OCLC 194887
Titsingh, Isaac, ed. (1834). [Siyun-sai Rin-siyo/Hayashi Gahō, 1652], Nipon o daï itsi ran; ou, Annales des empereurs du Japon.] Paris: Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland.
Varley, H. Paul, ed. (1980). [ Kitabatake Chikafusa, 1359], Jinnō Shōtōki ([https://books.google.com/books?id=tVv6OAAACAAJ&dq=A+Chronicle+of+Gods+and+Sovereigns:+Jinn%C5%8D+Sh%C5%8Dt%C5%8Dki+of+Kitabatake+Chikafusa&lr= A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns: Jinnō Shōtōki. New York: Columbia University Press.
Ogimachi
1517 births
1593 deaths
People of Sengoku-period Japan
People of Azuchi–Momoyama-period Japan
1570s in Japan
1580s in Japan
16th-century Japanese monarchs
Japanese retired emperors
The is a mid-size sedan produced by Japanese automobile manufacturer Nissan. It was exported as the Nissan Maxima and Nissan Cefiro to certain markets. It replaces the Nissan Bluebird, Laurel and Cefiro. It shares a platform with the Nissan Maxima and Nissan Altima which are sold in North America, as well as the Japanese market Presage minivan. The Teana has been available in East Asia, Russia, Ukraine, South Asia, Southeast Asia, Australia, New Zealand, Latin America and the Caribbean.
As of 2007 the Teana shares its platform with its French cousin, the Renault Laguna and Renault Latitude in most of Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and in Southeast Asia as the Renault Samsung SM5.
With the introduction of the Teana, Nissan continued the J lineage for the model codes (J31 and J32) from the Nissan Maxima (J30). Starting with the introduction of the third generation in 2013, the Teana became a badge engineered version of the North American Altima. The Teana nameplate was retired in 2020, being replaced by the L34 Altima or discontinued without any successor in some markets.
The name "Teana" is from that of a small village in Italy, sharing a naming influence for the Nissan Murano which was released in the same era, which was named after another city in Italy.
First generation (J31; 2003)
The J31 series Teana was first introduced in February 2003 to the Japanese market as a sedan companion to the Murano with both vehicles exclusive to Japanese Nissan dealerships called Nissan Red Stage. It replaced the Bluebird and Cefiro in Japan, along with the Laurel. It was considered one level below the Skyline. The car was introduced with an optionally available internet-based, telematics and GPS navigation system called CarWings to Japanese drivers only.
The J31 Teana follows the same chassis number pattern as the Maxima (J30).
The first-generation Teana was sold under the name of Nissan Cefiro in Hong Kong, Singapore, Mauritius, Brunei, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Latin America and Caribbean while it was sold under the name of Teana in Japan, Thailand, Philippines, India, Taiwan, Malaysia, Indonesia and China. The car is known as the Maxima in Australia and New Zealand.
In most of the world, the Teana was Nissan's largest front-wheel drive sedan, while the Skyline and Fuga are rear-wheel drive, with optional all-wheel drive.
It was introduced a month later to other Asian markets like Singapore. In 2004 the car arrived on European shores, replacing the Maxima QX.
Powering the Teana was either a 1998 cc, 2349 cc or 3498 cc engine matched to automatic transmissions. Power outputs vary somewhat between the different markets. Trim levels were 200JK, 230JK, 230JM and 350JM. The car was based on the Nissan FF-L platform. In December 2005, the Teana received new headlights and taillights, chrome trimming on the bumpers, enlarged foglights, front legrests and newly designed gauges. The car was also shortened slightly, and the clear rear turn signals were replaced by amber ones. XTronic CVT was also mated to all the engines.
In mainland China, the Teana was manufactured by the Dongfeng Motor Company, a joint venture with Nissan. In Taiwan, it was manufactured by Yulon Motor. In the neighbouring country of Pakistan, the Teana was known as the Cefiro and was assembled in Karachi. Additionally, it was sold in India, Russia, Ukraine as well as in New Zealand and Australia where it competes with the locally produced Mitsubishi 380 and Toyota Aurion under the Maxima badge. The first generation Teana was also assembled in Thailand for sale in the Southeast Asian market.
A restyled version was sold in South Korea as the Renault Samsung SM7. In January 2005, Renault Samsung announced a lower-specification version of the Teana which it sold as the second generation (A34R) Renault Samsung SM5 and, from 2008, as the Renault Safrane.
In some countries, the 200JK was not sold. This was replaced by the 230JK, basically a 230JM with less equipment. In Australia, the Maxima was sold in ST-L, Ti and Ti-L trim levels. The Ti-L trim was dropped after the facelift in 2005.
In 2008, Nissan stopped production of the J31 but production continued in Thailand until 2009.
Engines and specifications
The first generation Teana utilized a number of engines, namely the QR20DE, VQ23DE and a slightly detuned version of the VQ35DE.
Second generation (J32; 2008)
Nissan revealed the second generation, redesigned Teana at the 2008 Beijing Auto Show.
The new Teana is based on the Nissan D platform also used by the new North American Nissan Maxima and Nissan Altima. Engine choices include a 3498 cc V6, a 2495 cc V6, a 2488 cc in-line four and 1997 cc in-line four, all with a continuously variable transmission. The car's design was previewed by the Intima concept car shown in October 2007.
The car was launched in Japan, Taiwan, India, Iran, Mauritius, Russia, China, Brunei, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Trinidad and Tobago, Thailand, Singapore, Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia, New Zealand and Australia.
This generation was not sold in Europe, where its French cousin, the Renault Laguna was offered, alongside the longer Renault Latitude.
Nissan continues to offer an optionally available internet-based, telematics and GPS navigation system called CarWings to Japanese drivers only.
The Teana shares most of the platform and mechanicals with its North American cousin, the Altima which is built and sold primarily in North America. The J32 has been sold in Australia as a Maxima since June 2009 with model designations of 250 ST-L, 350 ST-S and 350 Ti. These models have features unique to Australia and New Zealand including alloy wheel design, rear spoiler and interior upholstery fittings. In late 2011, all three Australian models received an equipment upgrade, with prices remaining unchanged. The Cefiro nameplate has been discontinued on the second-generation line.
Specifications
The second generation Teana utilized different engines, namely the MR20DE (successor of the QR series), VQ25DE and the VQ35DE, which was tweaked to produce 20 more PS. Also Japan Domestic Model "FOUR" (AWD) used QR25DE engine.
Third generation (L33; 2013)
The third generation Teana was introduced in 2013 to some markets as a rebadged version of the North American L33 Altima.
Sales
References
External links
Official Japanese site
Teana
Cars introduced in 2003
Executive cars
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Mid-size cars
2010s cars
Garin Jenkins (born 18 August 1966 in Ynysybwl) is a former Wales international rugby union player. He was the most capped Welsh hooker having attained 58 caps until surpassed by Matthew Rees on 14 June 2014.
Jenkins played in the Rugby Union World Cup three times: 1991, 1995 and 1999 and at the time played for Swansea RFC, a club he captained.
Jenkins lives in Ynysybwl with his wife and children.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Rugby union hookers
Rugby union players from Ynysybwl
Swansea RFC players
Wales international rugby union players
Welsh rugby union players
are a type of torii gate found in Shinto architecture. Like its name implies, it is a triangular structure that appears to be formed from three individual toriis. It is thought by some to have been built by early Japanese Christians to represent the Holy Trinity.
History
While the origins of the mihashira torii cannot be directly proven, it is sometimes thought to be linked to early Christianity in Japan.
The primary historical example of a mihashira torii is found in the records of Konoshima Shrine in Kyoto. These records state that a triangular torii was rebuilt in 1716–1736, after a fire. The text hints at a reference to Christianity in the construction of the torii, and says that the three pillars represent the heavens, the earth, and mankind. This is not an interpretation common in Shinto beliefs. The shrine record also holds that the torii symbolizes faith, hope, and charity. The Konoshima torii stands in a pond with a pile of stones in the middle of the structure, supposedly the seat of a God.
A private garden in Kyoto also exhibits a mihashira torii, built in a stream. The Christian owners of the estate claim to be descended from a family of Christians who practiced their religion in secret during a time when Christianity was strictly regulated in Japan. According to them, this type of torii was used as a symbol for underground Christians, and that it represented the Holy Trinity.
Images
See also
Shinto architecture
Shinto shrine
References
Japanese architectural features
Christian architecture
Shinto architecture
Garden features
Types of gates
Christianity in Japan
Gates in Japan
Lacuna Island is a small island lying east of Tula Point, the northern end of Renaud Island, in the Biscoe Islands, Antarctica. It was mapped from air photos obtained by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd, 1956–57, and was so named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee because the island lies in a lacuna (a gap) in the vertical air photos.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Biscoe Islands
Aldo Pontremoli (; 19 January 1896 – 25 May 1928) was an Italian physicist who held a chair of theoretical physics at the Physics Department of the University of Milan from 1926 and who founded and directed the Institute of Advanced Physics at the University of Milan from 1924 until his disappearance and presumed death in May 1928. Pontremoli was one of the six men who disappeared with the airborne envelope of the airship Italia after it had crashed on the Arctic ice on 25 May 1928.
Education
Pontremoli was educated in a liceo in Milan, where Temistocle Calzecchi-Onesti was one of his teachers. After two years' further study at the Politecnico di Milano (Milan Polytechnic), he transferred to study physics at the Università degli studi di Roma "La Sapienza". His studies were interrupted when he volunteered for military service in World War I. He received both the Silver Medal of Military Valor and the Croce di Guerra. When he was ten he founded with his cousin Mario Pontremoli a company named A.Pontremoli e Associati. He was the executive President, Mario was the vice-president and his grandfather, the banker Luigi Luzzatti was the honorary President.
After resuming his studies in Rome and graduating in 1920 he became an assistant of Professor Orso Mario Corbino. He then received a scholarship to study at the University of Cambridge where he worked in the Cavendish Laboratory under the direction of Ernest Rutherford.
Academic career
In 1924 Pontremoli founded an institute of advanced physics at the University of Milan, which he continued to direct until his disappearance in 1928. In 1926 he was appointed to a newly created chair of theoretical physics assigned to the University of Milan (as were Enrico Fermi in Rome and Enrico Persico in Florence).
Pontremoli's research was primarily concerned theoretical physics, optics, nuclear physics and hydrodynamics.
His successor in the chair of theoretical physics at Milan was Giovanni Polvani.
The Italia expedition
In 1928 Pontremoli joined the polar expedition of General Umberto Nobile who was in command of the airship Italia. Along with the Czech physicist František Běhounek, Pontremoli was responsible for taking measurements of the Earth's magnetic field and cosmic rays; most of the data they gathered were lost in the subsequent crash.
On 25 May 1928, while attempting to return to its base at Ny-Ålesund, Spitzbergen from the North Pole, the airship crash landed on the ice. The force of the impact smashed open the control cabin leaving one dead and nine living members of the crew on the ice. After the crash, Pontremoli was observed on board the airship envelope, alive and conscious. The airship envelope, carrying Pontremoli and five other people drifted away. No trace of it or of those aboard has ever been found.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
1896 births
1928 deaths
Explorers of the Arctic
20th-century Italian physicists
Italian polar explorers
Missing air passengers
Scientists from Milan
Recipients of the Silver Medal of Military Valor
Recipients of the War Cross for Military Valor
Sapienza University of Rome alumni
University of Milan faculty
Bit-level parallelism is a form of parallel computing based on increasing processor word size. Increasing the word size reduces the number of instructions the processor must execute in order to perform an operation on variables whose sizes are greater than the length of the word. (For example, consider a case where an 8-bit processor must add two 16-bit integers. The processor must first add the 8 lower-order bits from each integer, then add the 8 higher-order bits, requiring two instructions to complete a single operation. A 16-bit processor would be able to complete the operation with single instruction.)
Originally, all electronic computers were serial (single-bit) computers. The first electronic computer that was not a serial computer—the first bit-parallel computer—was the 16-bit Whirlwind from 1951.
From the advent of very-large-scale integration (VLSI) computer chip fabrication technology in the 1970s until about 1986, advancements in computer architecture were done by increasing bit-level parallelism, as 4-bit microprocessors were replaced by 8-bit, then 16-bit, then 32-bit microprocessors. This trend generally came to an end with the introduction of 32-bit processors, which were a standard in general purpose computing for two decades. 64-bit architectures were introduced to the mainstream with the eponymous Nintendo 64 (1996), but beyond this introduction stayed uncommon until the advent of x86-64 architectures around the year 2003, and 2014 for mobile devices with the ARMv8-A instruction set.
On 32-bit processors, external data bus width continues to increase. For example, DDR1 SDRAM transfers 128 bits per clock cycle. DDR2 SDRAM transfers a minimum of 256 bits per burst.
See also
Single Instruction, Multiple Data (SIMD)
SIMD Within A Register
References
Parallel computing
Sphodromantis is a large genus of praying mantises concentrated in Africa, sometimes considered a synonym of the genus Hierodula: from the same tribe, Paramantini. Outside their range especially, many share the common name African Mantis.
Captivitys
Due to their large size and vibrant coloration compared to other mantids, Sphodromantis species are very common in the pet trade. List of Sphodromantis species that have been bred and raised in captivity.
Sphodromantis lineola (African Praying Mantis, African Mantis, Giant African Mantis, African Lined Mantis)
Sphodromantis viridis (Giant African Mantis)
Sphodromantis baccettii (Giant African Praying Mantis)
Sphodromantis aurea (Congo Green Mantis)
Sphodromantis gastrica (Common Green Mantis, African Mantis)
Sphodromantis sp. "Blue Flash" (An unknown species of Sphodromantis that comes from the Congo and are popular in the pet trade. They are also called Sphodromantis sp. "Congo Blue Flash", Congo Blue Flash or just Blue Flash.)
Species
The following species are recognised in the genus Sphodromantis:
Sphodromantis abessinica Sjöstedt, 1930
Sphodromantis aethiopica La Greca & Lombardo, 1987
Sphodromantis annobonensis Llorente, 1968
Sphodromantis aurea Giglio-Tos, 1917 (Congo Green Mantis)
Sphodromantis aureoides Roy, 2010
Sphodromantis baccettii La Greca & Lombardo, 1987 (Giant African Praying Mantis)
Sphodromantis balachowskyi La Greca, 1967 (African Mantis, African Praying Mantis)
Sphodromantis biocellata Werner, 1906
Sphodromantis centralis Rehn, 1914 (African Mantis, Central African Mantis)
Sphodromantis citernii Giglio-Tos, 1917
Sphodromantis congica Beier, 1931 (Congo Mantis)
Sphodromantis conspicua La Greca, 1967
Sphodromantis elegans Sjöstedt, 1930
Sphodromantis elongata La Greca, 1969
Sphodromantis fenestrata Giglio-Tos, 1912
Sphodromantis gastrica Stal, 1858 (Common Green Mantis, African Mantis)
Sphodromantis gestri Giglio-Tos, 1912
Sphodromantis giubana La Greca & Lombardo, 1987
Sphodromantis gracilicollis Beier, 1930
Sphodromantis gracilis Lombardo, 1992
Sphodromantis hyalina La Greca, 1955
Sphodromantis kersteni Gerstaecker, 1869
Sphodromantis lagrecai Lombardo, 1990
Sphodromantis lineola Burmeister, 1838 (African Praying Mantis, African Mantis, Giant African Mantis, African Lined Mantis)
Sphodromantis obscura Beier & Hocking, 1965
Sphodromantis pachinota La Greca & Lombardo, 1987
Sphodromantis pardii La Greca & Lombardo, 1987
Sphodromantis pavonina La Greca, 1956
Sphodromantis pupillata Bolivar, 1912
Sphodromantis royi La Greca, 1967
Sphodromantis rubrostigma Werner, 1916
Sphodromantis rudolfae Rehn, 1901
Sphodromantis socotrana (Roy, 2010)
Sphodromantis splendida Hebard, 1920
Sphodromantis stigmosa (Roy, 2010)
Sphodromantis tenuidentata Lombardo, 1992
Sphodromantis viridis Forskål, 1775 (Giant African Mantis)
Sphodromantis werneri (Roy, 2010)
See also
List of mantis genera and species
References
Mantodea genera
Mantidae
Taxa named by Carl Stål
Principio Furnace and village is in Cecil County, Maryland, 4 miles (6.4 km) northeast of Havre de Grace, MD.
The Principio Iron Works were started here in 1719 by Joseph Farmer with British capital and an ironmaster, John England, who made it one of the most successful in the colonial ironworks by the 1740s, producing pig iron for sale in London. Thomas Russell, Jr., England's successor, produced cannonballs for the Continental Army during the Revolution.
The works were part of the (larger) Principio Company, whose other holdings included the Accokeek or Potomac Ironworks on the land of George Washington's father, Augustine Washington (north of Ferry Farm near Fredericksburg, Virginia). These works were developed by the ironmaster England originally as a source of iron ore. As early as 1726, it may have included a cold blast charcoal furnace. Accokeek/Potomac served as the headquarters of the Principio Company until it was closed sometime in the mid-1750s.
The Maryland works were destroyed by the British in 1813.
In 1836, the site and its ruined buildings were purchased by Joseph Whitaker, his brothers George Price Whitaker and Joseph Whitaker II, and partners Thomas Garrett (a prominent abolitionist) and William Chandler. The site still had water power; more importantly, it was crossed by the freshly laid tracks of the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore Railroad. (Chandler was a director of the company.) The investors rebuilt the iron works and resumed production, opening a new blast furnace in 1837 and other improvements over the decades.
Before the Civil War, the Whitakers divided their holdings geographically, with Joseph receiving the Pennsylvania properties and George Price the Maryland and Virginia ones. George Price Whitaker and his descendants continued to be involved in the iron and steel business; their holdings became part of the Wheeling Steel Company in 1921, and eventually of Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel.
The site produced iron until 1925. Part of the stone furnace still remains on the site. In 1972, Principio Furnace was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gallery
References
Gordon, Robert B. 1996 American Iron 1607-1900. The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore and London.
May, Earl Chapin 1945 Principio to Wheeling: 1715-1945 A Pageant of Iron and Steel. Harper & Brothers Publishers, New York and London.
Robbins, Michael 1972 'The Principio Company: Iron-Making in Colonial Maryland, 1720-1781'. Unpublished paper. George Washington University, Washington.
Robbins, Michael 1986 The Principio Company : iron-making in colonial Maryland, 1720-1781. Garland, New York
Whitely, William G. 1887 'The Principio Company. A Historical Sketch of the First Iron-Works in Maryland'. The Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography XI:63-68, 190-198, 288-295. The Historical Society of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia.
External links
, including undated photo, at Maryland Historical Trust website
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Buildings and structures in Cecil County, Maryland
Ironworks and steel mills in Maryland
Historic American Buildings Survey in Maryland
1719 establishments in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Cecil County, Maryland
Whitaker iron family
This is a list of the busiest railway stations in Russia sorted by the average number of passengers boarding daily in 2019, statistics and data are collected by Russian Railways. Ridership numbers are for Russian Railways only, other rail transport like subway, and stations of Crimea Railway are not included.
List
Train stations with more than 2.5 million passengers per year are shown.
References
Busiest railway stations in Russia
Cameron Michael Henderson Gibson MBE (born 3 December 1942) is a former rugby union player who represented Ireland and the British and Irish Lions at international level.
Gibson is regarded as one of the greatest rugby union players; upon his induction into the IRB Hall of Fame in May 2011, former teammate and fellow Hall of Fame inductee Syd Millar said about Gibson that:
... [he] was one of the finest players of his generation, one of the finest players ever to represent Ireland and the British & Irish Lions and a man who epitomised the very ethos of the Game and its values.
Early life
Gibson was educated at Campbell College in Belfast, and went on to study law at Queens' College, Cambridge.
Club career
Gibson played the bulk of his career for North of Ireland F.C. ("North")
While studying, Gibson played for Cambridge University.
In February 1966 he played for London Irish against St Mary's Hospital.
He continued playing club rugby until 42.
International career
Ireland
Gibson's distinguished career began with Ireland in 1964, and he earned his 69th and final cap in the second and final test win against Australia in Sydney in 1979 at age 36. A versatile player, he represented his country in four different positions. Gibson had a distinguished international career; the Irish solicitor's all-round talent marked him out as arguably the greatest centre of any era, and certainly, prior to his transfer to centre, the finest fly half of any era. Gibson's brilliance lay in the perception and timing of his attacking play, the focus and anticipation of his defence, and the rare dedication and commitment with which he applied himself across a 15-year international career in which he appeared in a then-world record 81 Tests.
Famed as much for his great hands and line-breaking ability as his tactical skills and rapier boot, Gibson scored 112 Test points (9 tries, 16 penalties, 7 conversions and 6 drop goals) for Ireland in a career that also saw him tour five times with the British & Irish Lions.
Gibson's record Ireland caps haul of 69 was overtaken by lock Malcolm O'Kelly against Scotland in February 2005. The mark had lasted for 26 years. His record of 56 appearances in the Five Nations (now Six Nations) was not equalled until countryman Ronan O'Gara reached the mark in Ireland's final match of the 2011 Six Nations.
British and Irish Lions
Gibson toured with the British and Irish Lions five times.
On the 1968 tour to South Africa, Gibson made history in the opening Test by becoming the first replacement in international rugby, and showed his stamina by playing in 11 of the final 13 matches after Welsh fly-half Barry John had been invalided out of the tour.
John would return for the following tour, the now famous 1971 tour to New Zealand, where he would star at centre. Alongside captain John Dawes, Gibson formed a brilliant midfield combination, and with Gareth Edwards, Barry John, Gerald Davies, J.P.R. Williams and David Duckham, they constituted arguably the finest backline in Lions history.
The 1971 tour remains to date the Lions' sole series victory over the All Blacks, and it was on this tour that Gibson won the respect of the New Zealand rugby public with his attacking flair and timing.
Gibson's work commitments saw him join the 1974 Lions in South Africa as a replacement during the second half of the tour. Gibson was renowned for his humility, and demonstrated it here by willingly playing understudy to the new Test pairing of Ian McGeechan and Richard Milliken.
Gibson was selected for his fifth Lions tour in 1977, equalling fellow Irishman Willie John McBride's record. However, back and hamstring problems meant that Gibson was unable to compete for a test place.
Representative teams
Gibson played for a combined Scotland/Ireland XV in the 1970 Centenary of RFU celebration match against a combined England/Wales XV and again in the 1972 Scottish Rugby Union Centenary match.
Honours
He was awarded an MBE for services to the game.
When the International Rugby Hall of Fame was instituted in 1997, Gibson was one of the initial fifteen inductees. Upon his induction into the IRB Hall of Fame in 2011, Gibson was quick to pay tribute to his teammates, also calling rugby the greatest team sport.
In January 2012 Gibson was inducted into the Belfast Telegraph Hall of Fame.
In an interview in 2011, Irish rugby great Brian O'Driscoll praised Gibson's contribution to Irish rugby:
At times when Irish rugby wasn't successful Mike was always the shining light. He played international rugby for 15 years and that speaks volumes about him. He was a magnificent player and a true ambassador for the game.
Professional career
Since retirement, Gibson has practised as a solicitor in Belfast, where he continues to play an active role in the rugby community. Fellow Irish international David Humphreys trained as a solicitor in Gibson's firm.
References
External links
Mike Gibson at sporting-heroes.net
ESPN Profile
Barbarians Profile
Irish rugby union players
Ireland international rugby union players
Ulster Rugby players
Lansdowne Football Club players
Wanderers F.C. (rugby union) players
London Irish players
Rugby union centres
Rugby union players from Belfast
Solicitors from Northern Ireland
World Rugby Hall of Fame inductees
Cambridge University R.U.F.C. players
North of Ireland F.C. players
People educated at Campbell College
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Ireland
Barbarian F.C. players
1942 births
Living people
Ireland international rugby sevens players
Alumni of Queens' College, Cambridge
Bağlıca is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 234 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Enoch Dumbutshena (20 April 1920 – 14 December 2000) was a distinguished Zimbabwean judge known for defending the independence of that country's judicial branch. He became Zimbabwe's first black judge in 1980 and served as Chief Justice of Zimbabwe from 1984 to 1990. Dumbutshena's decisions were often highly critical of President Robert Mugabe and his government. A former member of the International Commission of Jurists, he unsuccessfully attempted to launch a political career of his own in 1993 by founding the free-market Forum Party. He died in late 2000 of liver cancer.
Character
Lord Denning described Dumbutshena J as "a much-respected figure, courageous and independent as a judge should be." He was a member of the African National Congress, and was refused a passport to travel to the US “due to prevailing conditions” in 1959. [Source: “African Journalist Refused Passport to America,” Contact, April 18, 1959.]
Legal career
Dumbutshena was Zimbabwe's first black High Court Judge. He famously acquitted a group of six white Zimbabwe Air Force officers who had been tortured into confessing to participation in the sabotage of fighter aircraft.
References
"Judge Enoch Dumbutshena dies." The Washington Post 16 Dec. 2000: B.08.
1920 births
2000 deaths
20th-century Zimbabwean judges
Chief justices of Zimbabwe
Deaths from cancer in Zimbabwe
Deaths from liver cancer
Judges of the Supreme Court of Zimbabwe
Cherryville Township is a township in northwestern Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 16,500. It includes the incorporated city of Cherryville, the inactive incorporated town of Dellview, the unincorporated community of Tryon, and a portion of the town of High Shoals (most of which is in Dallas Township). It is represented on the Gaston County Board of Commissioners by Allen Fraley of Cherryville.
Demographics
Cherryville Township had a reported population in the 2020 United States Census of 16,714. This includes 6,078 people in the incorporated City of Cherryville. The racial makeup of the township was 83.79% White, 6.91% African American, 0.32% Native American, 0.52% Asian, 2.33% from other races, and 6.11% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.03% of the population.
Voting-age population figures from the 2000 Census are reported for each of the township's five voting precincts. Three of the precincts are in the northwestern part of the township near Cherryville, one in the south near Tryon, and one in the northeast near Landers Chapel Methodist Church. The township's total voting-age population was 8507, or itemized by area:
Cherryville area election precincts - population 5399
Tryon precinct - pop. 1524
Landers Chapel precinct - pop. 1584
Geography
Cherryville Township occupies a total area of . Pasour Mountain, a monadnock ridge and local high point at elevation , forms the boundary between Cherryville Township and Dallas Township to the east.
Cherryville Township lies within six watersheds. The northwest corner of the township is in the Buffalo Creek watershed and the area southwest of Cherryville in the watershed of Muddy Fork Creek (itself a tributary of Buffalo Creek). These watersheds are in the Broad River catchment basin and most of their area is in Cleveland County. Highway 274 / Mountain Street generally follows the watershed separating the catchment basins of the Broad and Catawba rivers. Areas north of Cherryville are in the Indian Creek watershed, drained by Mill Creek, Lick Fork Creek and an unnamed tributary of Indian Creek. Indian Creek is a tributary of the South Fork Catawba River, entering the river near Laboratory, North Carolina. Most central and eastern Cherryville Township is in the Beaverdam Creek watershed, drained by the -long Beaverdam Creek and its -long tributary Little Beaverdam Creek. Beaverdam Creek is a tributary of the South Fork Catawba River, entering the river near High Shoals. The southern section of the township is in the Long Creek watershed. Long Creek flows east through Bessemer City, Dallas, and Gastonia before emptying into the South Fork Catawba River in Ranlo. Finally, a small area in the far northeastern corner of the township is in the Hoyle Creek watershed.
Community services
Fire protection in unincorporated areas of the township in provided by the Hughs Pond Volunteer Fire Department (VFD) in areas northwest of Cherryville, Waco Community Fire Department (of Cleveland County) southwest of Cherryville, Crouse VFD (of Lincoln County) northeast of Cherryville, Tryonota VFD southeast of Cherryville, High Shoals VFD in the northeast corner of the township, and Agricultural Center VFD in areas along the eastern boundary of the township.
Education
Most of Cherryville Township is in the Cherryville High School attendance district. Students in southern parts of the township go to Bessemer City High School and far eastern parts to North Gaston High School in Dallas
Religious life
Saint Mark's Lutheran Church (ELCA), located about east of the City of Cherryville, is one of the oldest churches in the township and is among the older Lutheran congregations in the entire Piedmont area (and in the Lutheran Synod of North Carolina). It was originally organized in 1790 as Beaver Dam Lutheran Church and located at a site about east of the present location. The first congregants were immigrants from southern Germany. The congregation moved to its present site in 1858 and changed the church's name to St. Marks. The cemetery at the original site was restored in 1992.
Mount Zion Baptist Church, located northwest of Cherryville, is the oldest Baptist church in the township. It was organized on October 7, 1857. The site had been the location of a Presbyterian meeting house called Anthony's Meeting House, established on May 18, 1807. The meeting house later became an inter-denominational place of worship for Lutherans, Presbyterians, and Baptists, called Hebron Meeting House.
Other rural churches in Cherryville Township include Zion Hill Baptist Church, Oak Grove AME Zion Church, Shady Grove Baptist Church (organized in 1881), Iglesia Bautista Hispana, Creekside Community Church (Tryon), Concord United Methodist Church (Tryon), Mount Pisgah Baptist Church, Mount Beulah Baptist Church (organized 1916), Sunnyside Baptist Church, Bethel Evangelical Lutheran Church, and Landers Chapel United Methodist Church.
Historic properties
Cherryville Township has three sites designated as Gaston County Historic Properties. The Tryon County Courthouse site near the Tryon Community was the location of a courthouse at the time of the American Revolution. Bethel Lutheran Church in the eastern part of the township dates to 1893. The cemetery, school, and church building at Landers Chapel United Methodist Church in the northeastern part of the township date to 1875, 1912, and 1925, respectively.
References
Townships in Gaston County, North Carolina
Townships in North Carolina
Svitlana Vasylivna Onyshchuk (; born on 7 January 1984), is a Ukrainian government official, who is currently the Governor of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast since 8 July 2021.
Biography
Svitlana Onyshchuk was born in Zabolotiv on 7 January 1984. In 2002, she graduated from Sniatyn Agricultural College with a degree in accounting.
Between October 2002 and September 2006, she was a legal consultant for the private agricultural firm Kobzar in the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast.
In 2004, she graduated from Vasyl Stefanyk Precarpathian National University with a degree in Economics and Entrepreneurship and is an accountant-economist. In 2005, she graduated from Vasyl Stefanyk Precarpathian National University with a degree in law, lawyer, and a law teacher.
From October 2006 to February 2012, she was a lecturer at the Department of Civil Law and Procedure, a teacher teacher of the department of economic and legal disciplines, and an Associate Professor of Civil Law, Precarpathian Law Institute, Lviv State University of Internal Affairs in Ivano-Frankivsk.
Between January 2012 and September 2014, she was a part-time Associate Professor of Public Administration and Local Government of Ivano-Frankivsk National Technical University of Oil and Gas.
From February to April 2012, he was an adviser to the patronage service of the head of the Kolomyia District State Administration of the Ivano-Frankivsk Region.
In April 2012, she was the Head of the Department of Analytical Support and Public Relations and Mass Media of the Department of Organizational and Personnel of the National Agency of Ukraine for Civil Service in Kyiv.
From April 2012 to May 2015, she was the Head of the Civil Service of the Main Department of Civil Service of Ukraine in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast.
Between May 2015 and September 2019, she was the Head of the Interregional Department of the National Agency for Civil Service in Chernivtsi, Ivano-Frankivsk and Ternopil regions in Ivano-Frankivsk.
From October 2015 to September 2019, she was a part-time Professor of Public Administration and Administration of Ivano-Frankivsk National Technical University of Oil and Gas.
From 17 September 2019 to 8 July 2021, Onyshchuk was the Deputy Head of the Ivano-Frankivsk Regional State Administration.
On 8 July 2021, Onyshchuk became the Governor of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast.
References
1984 births
Living people
People from Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
Vasyl Stefanyk Subcarpathian National University alumni
Governors of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
21st-century Ukrainian women politicians
Recipients of the Honorary Diploma of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine
Wrecking Everything – An Evening in Asbury Park is a 2002 live DVD by thrash metal band Overkill. It was recorded at The Paramount, Asbury Park, New Jersey on March 23, 2002. This is the very first Overkill DVD/VHS and the video counterpart to their Wrecking Everything live album.
Track listing
Disc 1: An Evening in Asbury Park – Live
"Necroshine"
"Thunderhead"
"Evil Never Dies"
"Deny the Cross"
"Wrecking Crew"
"Powersurge"
"Gasoline Dream"
"I Hate"
"Coma"
"Shred"
"Hello from the Gutter"
"Bleed Me"
"Long Time Dyin"
"It Lives"
"Battle"
"Spiritual Void"
"The Years of Decay"
"In Union We Stand"
"Overkill"
"Horrorscope"
"Rotten to the Core"
"Elimination"
"Fuck You/War Pigs"
Disc 2: Special Features
Batmen: The Return (Chaly Speaks Documentary) – 85 min.
Behind the Scenes – 5 min.
Photo Gallery
Credits
Bobby "Blitz" Ellsworth – lead vocals
D.D. Verni – bass, backing vocals
Dave Linsk – lead guitar, backing vocals
Derek Tailer – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Tim Mallare – drums
Production
Produced by Overkill
External links
Official OVERKILL Site
[ Allmusic Guide]
Overkill (band) video albums
2002 live albums
2002 video albums
Live video albums
Asbury Park, New Jersey
Cramér's theorem is a fundamental result in the theory of large deviations, a subdiscipline of probability theory. It determines the rate function of a series of iid random variables.
A weak version of this result was first shown by Harald Cramér in 1938.
Statement
The logarithmic moment generating function (which is the cumulant-generating function) of a random variable is defined as:
Let be a sequence of iid real random variables with finite logarithmic moment generating function, e.g. for all .
Then the Legendre transform of :
satisfies,
for all
In the terminology of the theory of large deviations the result can be reformulated as follows:
If is a series of iid random variables, then the distributions satisfy a large deviation principle with rate function .
References
Large deviations theory
Probability theorems
Belarus competed at the 2019 Summer Universiade in Naples, Italy held from 3 to 14 July 2019. The country won one gold medal, three silver medals and one bronze medal.
Medal summary
Medal by sports
Medalists
References
External links
Official website
Nations at the 2019 Summer Universiade
Summer U
Belarus at the Summer Universiade
FK Korzo () was a football club based in the city of Prilep, North Macedonia. They recently played in the Macedonian Second League.
History
The club was founded in 1972.
FK Korzo is short for the Prilep settlement Staro Korzo. The club was re-established in the summer of 2007. It went up two tiers in just two years and after winning the Regional A and B Leagues they qualified for the Macedonian Third League. In June 2012 after beating the guest Vardar Negotino with 5–1 Korzo qualified for the Macedonian Second League.
In July 2013 FK Korzo announced that the club merged with KF Shkupi, and was the club dissolved.
External links
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Club info at MakFudbal
Football Federation of Macedonia
Defunct football clubs in North Macedonia
Association football clubs established in 1972
Association football clubs disestablished in 2013
1972 establishments in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia
2013 disestablishments in the Republic of Macedonia
Football clubs in Prilep
Manuel Mathieu (born October 1986) is a contemporary visual artist best known as a painter of abstract works that often evoke figurative shapes in nondescript environments. Mathieu draws from Haitian visual cultures and from Western art movements such as expressionism and existentialism. His practice weaves together formal techniques, Haitian contemporary art movements to explore phenomenologies of human relations as they relate to power dynamics, loyalty, love, nature, subjective experience, history writing.
His subjects matter start as personal concerns that he embeds into larger collective contexts.
Early life and education
Manuel Mathieu was born Ayizan Pierre Manuel Mathieu on October 9, 1986, in Port-au-Prince, Haiti. Both his parents are Haitian and raised their children with high expectations of educational achievements. His father Philippe Mathieu is an agronomist while his mother has a Phd in psychology. He has two younger sisters that both reside in Canada.
When he was 15, he got closer to his cousin and groundbreaking Haitian artist Mario Benjamin. He often went to his house, a space full of magazines, art catalogues, and sculptures. There, at Benjamin's house, he became acquainted with artists that influenced his own work, trailblazers such as Mona Hatoum and Clyfford Still. Benjamin shared his own approach to his artistic practice, which is very specific to his environment, while still being critical of Haitian socio-politics.
When he was 19, Mathieu moved to Quebec, into his grandmother's house who had emigrated to Canada with her children, without her husband, a colonel under Jean Claude Duvalier's dictatorial regime.
His parents associated Mathieu's artistic exploration to his struggles. When he moved to Blainville, Quebec, he began painting, as well as doing photography and video art more intensely with the support of his grandmother.
In 2016, he obtained a Master of Fine Arts at Goldsmiths, University of London, in England. Since his graduation, Manuel has become a sought-after artist with international representation by art galleries Kavi Gupta in Chicago, USA, Maruani Mercier in Brussels, Belgium, and HDM gallery in Beijing, China and London, United Kingdom.
Artistic influence and style
In 2015, one year into his postgraduate program at Goldsmiths, Mathieu was involved in a near-fatal motorbike hit-and-run. He suffered a severe concussion, facial trauma, fractures of his jaw, and short-term memory loss. This experience influenced the subject of his MFA thesis show “One future.” After his physical recovery and no more visible traces of his accident, he wanted to express what lingered innately. He found a correlation between his invisible trauma and that of his country after the Duvalier dictatorship. “One Future” explored the Duvalier regime in order to address the national trauma that was scarcely being addressed in collective settings. The accident also drew him closer to his family and consolidated his friendships. Many of Manuel's portraits are of his immediate circle.
Deconstructive processes shape the overarching themes of Mathieu's work, as he develops an visual language that pushes the confines of representational depictions and what is considered figurative. He extrapolates abstract formal techniques to portray historical Haitian figures and subject matters, creating a visual language that indicates his point-of-view through interpretative considerations. The textural, compositional, and thematic transparency in Mathieu's work underscore his practice and deep concern to uncover the power and spiritual structures behind modes of thinking, of behaving and manifesting realities.
His paintings often re-stage archived materials such as videos and photographs to bring forth the fact of erasure, of invisibility and the consequent curiosity and questions that arise in the face of narrational voids. He explores this sensation as a collective reality of the black diaspora that historical silencing and marginalization violently imposed.
As a multidisciplinary artist, he draws from various musical practices— jazz improvisation and repetition— and material processes that allow him to expand and diversify his approach on a subject matter that he explores years on end.
Mathieu consistently refers Haitian visual cultures of religious hybridity such as in The Poto-Mitan movement, ecology, nature as it appears in other movements like Saint Soleil.
Drawings and other media
Mathieu has a website dedicated to his art: https://www.manuelmathieu.com/
Mathieu also works in drawing, textile, video and installation art. His drawings are smaller scales than his paintings. It is through his drawings that important breakthroughs happened in his painting practice.
His short films push the boundaries of conceptual narration in his perpetual study of how beliefs, and history informs our perspectives and our reactions to political and/or intimate events.
Selected exhibitions
Solo
2020 - World Discovered Under Other Skies, The Power Plant Contemporary, Toronto, Canada
2020 - Survivance, Montreal Museum of Fine arts, Montreal, Canada
2019 - Wu ji, HDM Gallery, Beijing, China
2018 - The Spell on You, Maruani Mercier, Brussels, Belgium
2018 - Nobody is watching, Kavi Gupta Gallery, Chicago, USA
2017 - Truth to Power, Tiwani Contemporary Gallery, London, UK
2017 - Art Brussels, Maruani Mercier, Brussels, Belgium
2016 - One Future, Goldsmiths Graduating Show, UK
2012 - Prémices / Open-Ended, Montréal, arts interculturels, Montreal, Canada
Group
2021 - La machine qui enseignait des airs aux oiseaux, Contemporary Art Museum of Montreal, Montreal, Canada
2020 - Relations: Diaspora and Painting, Phi Foundation, Montreal, Canada
2019 - The other side of now, Pérez Art Museum Miami, Miami, USA
2019 - Over my Black Body, Galerie de l'UQAM, Montreal, Canada
2018 - Arco Madrid, Maruani Mercier, Madrid, Spain
2018 - CIRCA 2018 benefit exhibition, Montreal, Canada
2018 - Playlist, Antoine Ertaskiran, Montreal, Canada
2018 - Here we are here: Black contemporary Canadian artist, Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, Montreal, Canada
2017 - We are all very anxious, Dye House 451, London, UK
2017 - In-visibilité Ostentatoire, Fondation Clement, Martinique
2016 - Deptford X Festival, London, UK (commissioned work)
2016 - Will Nature Make a Man of Me Yet? PI Artworks, London, UK
2016 - Myth Material, TAP, London, UK
2014 - Haïti, 2 centuries of creations, Grand Palais, Paris, France
2014 - Consisting of superposed Layers that sometimes partially merged, POPOP Gallery, Montreal, Canada
2014 - Les Contemporains, Artv Studio, Montreal, Canada
2014 - Les Contemporains, Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal, Canada
2014 - Les Ateliers TD, ARSENAL, Montreal, Canada
2013 - In Extremis: Death and Life in 21st Century Haitian Art, Museum of Civilization Quebec City, Quebec, Canada
2013 - On Common Ground, Art Museum of the Americas, Washington, D.C., USA
2013 - Haïti: Radical and contemporary, Grande Finale - 2013 A.R.T Fabric, Freland France
2012 - Haïti: Radical and contemporary, Musée du Montparnasse, Paris, France
Collections and Awards
Public and Private Collections
USA
The Joyner/Giuffrida Collection
Rubell's Family
JP Morgan
CANADA
Hydro Quebec
Montreal Museum of Fine Arts
Museum of Civilization of Quebec
National Museum of Fine Arts of Quebec
Awards
2015 - Fig2, United Kingdom
2020 - Sobey Art Award, Canada
References
Living people
1986 births
Haitian painters
Haitian male painters
People from Port-au-Prince
Black River Gorges National Park is a national park in the hilly south-western part of Mauritius. It was proclaimed on June 15, 1994 and is managed by the National Parks and Conservation Service. It covers an area of 67.54 km² including humid upland forest, drier lowland forest and marshy heathland. Facilities for visitors include two information centres, picnic areas and 60 kilometres of trails. There are four field stations in the park which are used for National Parks and Conservation Service and Mauritian Wildlife Foundation research and conservation projects.
The park protects most of the island's remaining rainforest although much of this has been degraded by introduced plants such as Chinese guava and privet and animals such as rusa deer and wild pigs. Several areas have been fenced off and invasive species have been eradicated from them to preserve native wildlife. Many endemic plants and animals still occur in the park including the Mauritian flying fox and all of the island's endemic birds: Mauritius kestrel, pink pigeon, Mauritius parakeet, Mauritius cuckooshrike, Mauritius bulbul, Mauritius olive white-eye, Mauritius grey white-eye and Mauritius fody. The park has been designated an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International.
References
External links
Lonelyplanet.com
National parks of Mauritius
Protected areas established in 1994
Biosphere reserves of Mauritius
Tourist attractions in Mauritius
Environment of Mauritius
Protected areas of Mauritius
Important Bird Areas of Mauritius
Statistics of Swedish football Division 1 in season 1989.
Overview
It was contested by 28 teams, and Hammarby IF and Östers IF won the championship.
League standings
Norra
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 1 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
The Bernie Grant Arts Centre (BGAC) is a £15 million purpose-built multi-arts centre, which includes a 274-seat auditorium, studio/rehearsal space, café/bar, enterprise centre and open spaces. It is located next to the Town Hall in Tottenham, North London. The centre was designed by David Adjaye and opened in September 2007.
It is named in honour of Bernie Grant, MP, who represented the area. It was an initiative started before his death in 2000, through which he aspired to create "a unique showcase for international multicultural talent".
References
External links
Grade II listed buildings in the London Borough of Haringey
Arts organizations established in 2007
Art centres in London
Tourist attractions in the London Borough of Haringey
Burnett is a Scottish surname. It is derived from a nickname from the Old French , brunette, which is a diminutive of brun meaning "brown", "dark brown". Another proposed origin of the name is from , a high quality wool cloth originally dyed to a dark brown colour.
People with the surname
A. J. Burnett (b. 1977), American professional baseball player
Alaina Burnett (b. 1977), Canadian voice actor
Alan Burnett (b. 1950), American television writer-producer
Alex Burnett (born 1987), baseball pitcher
Alexander Burnett (disambiguation), several people
Alexander Burnett of Leys (died 1619), Laird of Crathes Castle
Alexander Burnett (figure skater) in 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships
Alexander Burnett (politician) (born 1973), Member of the Scottish Parliament
Alexander Burnett (musician), Australian singer, songwriter and music producer
Sir Alexander Burnett, 2nd Baronet (died 1663) of the Burnett baronets
Sir Alexander Burnett, 4th Baronet (died 1758) of the Burnett baronets
Sir Alexander Burnett, 9th Baronet (1789–1856) of the Burnett baronets
Sir Alexander Edwin Burnett, 14th Baronet (1881–1959) of the Burnett baronets
Allan Burnett (1925–2007), Scottish anarchist activist
Anne Valliant Burnett Tandy (1900–1980), American heiress
Bill Burnett (1917–1994), South African archbishop
Bobby Burnett (b. 1943), American football player
Brian Burnett (1913–2011), British Royal Air Force officer
Bryan Burnett, Scottish radio and television personality
Calvin Burnett (disambiguation), several people
Calvin Burnett (artist) (1921–2007), American artist and illustrator
Calvin Burnett (Guyanese cricketer) (born 1954), Guyanese cricketer
Calvin Burnett (Scottish cricketer) (born 1990), Scottish cricketer
Carol Burnett (b. 1933), American comedian
Charles Burnett (disambiguation)
Charles Burnett of the Burnett baronets
Charles Burnett III (died 2018), British land-speed record holder for steam driven vehicle
Charles Burnett (British Army officer) (1843–1910), British Army general
Charles Burnett (director) (born 1944), American film director
Charles Burnett (officer of arms) (born 1940), Scottish Officer of Arms
Charles Burnett (politician) (1875–1947), New Zealand politician
Charles Burnett (RAF officer) became Australian Chief of the Air Staff
Charles Hiram Burnett Sr., treasurer of the city of Seattle and businessman
Colby Burnett, American Jeopardy! contestant and teacher
Cynthia S. Burnett (1840–1932), American educator, lecturer, reformer, editor
David Burnett (photojournalist), American photojournalist
David Burnett (politician) (b. 1942 or 1943), Arkansas politician and former judge
Deontay Burnett (born 1997), American football player
Dick Burnett (musician), American country singer
Emily Burnett (born 1997), Welsh actress
Erin Burnett, American financial analyst and reporter
Frances Hodgson Burnett (1849–1924), born Frances Eliza Hodgson, English author
Garrett Burnett (1975–2022), Canadian ice hockey player
George Burnett (disambiguation)
George Burnett (ice hockey) (born 1962), National Hockey League coach
George Burnett (officer of arms) (1822–1890), Lord Lyon King of Arms
George Burnett (writer) (1776?–1811), English nonconformist minister, known as a writer
George Burnett Barton (1836–1901), Australian lawyer
George H. Burnett (1853–1927), Oregon Supreme Court Chief Justice
George Murray Burnett (1921–1980), mathematician and chemist
George Ritter Burnett (1858–1908), United States Army officer and Medal of Honor recipient
Georgina Burnett (born 1978), Australian-born British television presenter
Gilbert Thomas Burnett (1800 – 1835) British botanist
Graham Burnett (born 1965), New Zealand cricketer
Gregg Burnett (born 1987), Scottish footballer
Henry Cornelius Burnett (1825–1866) American politician
Henry John Burnett (1942–1963), last man to be hanged in Scotland
Henry Lawrence Burnett (1838–1916), American lawyer, Judge Advocate and colonel
Howard Burnett (disambiguation), several people
Howard J. Burnett (1929–2019), American president of Washington & Jefferson College
Howard Burnett (athlete) (born 1961), Jamaican track and field athlete
Hugh Burnett (1918–1991), African-Canadian civil rights leader
Hugh Burnett (producer) (1924–2011), British television producer and cartoonist
Ian Burnett, Baron Burnett of Maldon (b. 1958), Lord Chief Justice of England & Wales
Ivy Compton-Burnett (1884–1969), English novelist
Jamie Burnett, Scottish snooker player
Jason Burnett (b. 1986), Canadian trampoline gymnast
Jean L. Burnett (1871–1907), New York politician
Jesse Burnett (b. 1946) American boxer
John Burnett (disambiguation), several people
John Burnett, Baron Burnett (born 1945), British politician, Member of Parliament
John Burnett (advocate) (c. 1764–1810), Scottish advocate and judge
John Burnett (colonial secretary) (1781–1860), colonial secretary of Van Diemens Land
John Burnett (cricketer) (1840–1878), English cricketer
John Burnett (footballer) (born 1939), English association (soccer) footballer
John Burnett (historian) (1925–2006), English social historian
John Burnett (judge) (1831–1890), American judge on the Oregon Supreme Court
John Burnett (merchant) (1729–1784), Aberdeen merchant
John Burnett (priest) (fl. 1955–1969), Australian Anglican priest
John Burnett (rugby league), English rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s
John Burnett (trade unionist) (1842–1914), British trade unionist and civil servant
John George Burnett (1876–1962), British politician, Member of Parliament
John Harrison Burnett (1922–2007), British botanist and mycologist
John L. Burnett (1854–1919), U.S. Representative from Alabama
John Napier Burnett (1899–1989), Canadian educator
Johnny Burnett (baseball) (1904–1959), American baseball player
Joseph Burnett (1899–1941), Australian naval officer
Justin Burnett (b. 1973), American film composer
Kaelin Burnett (b. 1989), American football player
Karl Burnett (b. 1976), New Zealand actor
Kevin Burnett (b. 1982), American football player
Leo Burnett (1891–1971), American advertising executive
Margaret Burnett (b. 1949), American computer scientist
Mark Burnett (b. 1960), British-born American television producer
Maud Burnett (1863—1950), English politician
Max Burnett (b. 1969), American TV & film writer, director and producer
McKinley Burnett (1897–1968), American school desegregation pioneer
Mikey Burnett (b. 1974), American mixed martial artist
Nastassja Burnett (b. 1992), Italian tennis player
O. H. Burnett (1872–1906), American politician and lawyer
Paul Burnett (1943), English radio disc jockey
Peter Hardeman Burnett (1807–1895), first civilian American Governor of California
Richard Burnett, Canadian writer, editor, journalist and columnist
Richie Burnett (b. 1967), Welsh professional darts player
Rob Burnett (American football) (b. 1967), American football player
Rob Burnett (producer) (b. 1962), former head writer for David Letterman
Ron Burnett (b. 1947), British author, professor
Samuel Burk Burnett (1849–1922), American cattleman and rancher from Texas
Sean Burnett (b. 1982), American baseball player
Simon Burnett (b. 1983), British swimmer
Stefan Corbin Burnett, better known as MC Ride, singer for Death Grips
Suzanne Rochon-Burnett (1935–2006), Canadian businesswoman
T Bone Burnett (b. 1948), born Joseph Henry Burnett, American singer songwriter
Thomas Stuart Burnett (1853–1888), Scottish sculptor
Sir Thomas Burnett, 3rd Baronet (1658–1714)
Tom Burnett (1963–2001), American COO
Walter Burnett Jr. (b. 1963), American politician
Wayne Burnett (b. 1971), English football player and manager
Webbie Burnett (born 1967), American football player
William Burnett (disambiguation)
William Burnett (1779–1861), British physician
William Burnett (mayor), politician from New Zealand, see Mayor of Dunedin
William Burnett (preacher), president of Franklin College, New Athens, Ohio
William Farquharson Burnett (c. 1837 – 1863), senior officer in the Royal Navy
W. R. Burnett (William Riley Burnett, 1899–1982), American novelist and screenwriter
Characters
Bronc Burnett, central character in a series of children's books by Wilfred McCormick
See also
Burnet (surname)
House of Burnett
Brown (surname), a perhaps similar surname
References
ru:Бёрнетт
Eubranchus conicla is a species of sea slug or nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae.
Taxonomy
Eubranchus convenientis Ortea & Caballer, 2002 was described from Manzanillo, Limón, Costa Rica. Eubranchus convenientis is considered as a synonym of Eubranchus conicla.
Distribution
This species was described from Ubatuba and Ilhabela, São Paulo state, Brasil. It has been reported from Florida, Honduras, Costa Rica, Venezuela, Jamaica, Barbados, Tobago, Brazil and Panama.
Description
Body is elongated. Rhinophores are smooth. Oral tentacles are short. Cerata are tuberculate, few in number, arranged in two simple rows. Background color is translucent gray or brown with numerous white dots. Rhinophores and oral tentacles are sometimes ringed with brown. Cerata are white, sometimes with brown or green spots. The maximum recorded body length is 4 mm.
Ecology
Minimum recorded depth is 0 m. Maximum recorded depth is 3 m. Found on Sargassum in Panama.
References
This article incorporates Creative Commons (CC-BY-4.0) text from the reference
External links
Turgeon, D.; Quinn, J.F.; Bogan, A.E.; Coan, E.V.; Hochberg, F.G.; Lyons, W.G.; Mikkelsen, P.M.; Neves, R.J.; Roper, C.F.E.; Rosenberg, G.; Roth, B.; Scheltema, A.; Thompson, F.G.; Vecchione, M.; Williams, J.D. (1998). Common and scientific names of aquatic invertebrates from the United States and Canada: mollusks. 2nd ed. American Fisheries Society Special Publication, 26. American Fisheries Society: Bethesda, MD (USA). . IX, 526 + cd-rom pp.
Eubranchidae
Gastropods described in 1958
Taxa named by Ernst Marcus (zoologist)
Holy Trinity Church is a redundant Anglican church in the town of Halstead, Essex, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the north of the junction between Trinity Street (the A131 road) and Chapel Hill.
History
A chapel, Holy Trinity Chapel, was built on the site in about 1413, but this had disappeared by the 18th century. The present church was built in 1843–44, and most of it was paid for by Mrs Mary Gee of Colne House, Earls Colne. A grant of £500 came from funds provided by Parliament in the Church Building Act 1824.
The church was designed by George Gilbert Scott. As the building of the spire was nearing completion, it collapsed, fortunately causing only minor injuries to the builders. An organ chamber was added in 1876. The church was declared redundant in April 1987.
Architecture
Exterior
Holy Trinity is constructed in brick with flint facing. It has gault brick and limestone dressings. The roofs are slated with tiles on the ridges. Its plan consists of a nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, a chancel, a northeast vestry, an organ chamber, and a southwest tower with a spire. The tower incorporates a porch. It is a Gothic Revival church in 13th-century Early English style. The tower is tall with four stages. On its south side is a doorway. The second and third stages contain single-lancet windows flanked by arcading. In the third stage is a quatrefoil opening on each side. The bell openings consist of a pair of narrow lancets, with blind arches on each side. On the tower is a broach spire with two tiers of lucarnes. In the gable at the east end of the church is a wheel window, with spokes radiating from a hub. Below this are three lancet windows of equal height. At all corners of the church are clasping buttresses. The sides of the aisles are divided into bays by buttresses, and each bay contains a lancet window. Along the clerestory is arcading with alternate blind arches and lancet windows. At the west end is a doorway, above which is a triple lancet window, with a single lancet above that.
Interior
The walls are plastered and whitewashed. Between the nave and the aisles on each side is a six-bay arcade supported by alternating circular and octagonal piers. The seating in the nave and aisles, and probably the font, with its square bowl on an octagonal base, date from the time of the building of the church. The lectern dates from 1906, and the choir stalls were added in 1913. The panelling in the chancel, and the pulpit date from the early 20th century. At the east end of the south aisle is a memorial screen added in 1922. The stained glass in the west window dates from 1851 and is by Clutterbuck, the east window of 1887 is by Burlison and Grylls, the east window in the south aisle dated 1922 is by J. C. N. Bewsey, and three windows in the south aisle of 1931–32 are by A. K. Nicholson. The three-manual organ was made in 1858. In 1878 E. W. Norman of Norwich and Diss either rebuilt it or supplied a new organ. This was subsequently restored in 1909 by Binns of Leeds, again in about 1970 by Cedric Arnold of Thaxted, and at a later date by Bishop and Son.
See also
List of churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust in the East of England
References
Grade II* listed churches in Essex
Church of England church buildings in Braintree
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Gothic Revival architecture in Essex
Churches completed in 1876
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust
George Gilbert Scott buildings
Commissioners' church buildings
Holy Trinity Church
The name Florita has been used for six tropical cyclones in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.
Typhoon Rammasun (2002) (T0205, 09W, Florita) – struck South Korea.
Tropical Storm Bilis (2006) (T0604, 05W, Florita) – struck Taiwan and China.
Severe Tropical Storm Lionrock (2010) (T1006, 07W, Florita) – made landfall on the east coast of Guangdong Province, China.
Typhoon Neoguri (2014) (T1408, 08W, Florita)
Typhoon Prapiroon (2018) (T1807, 09W, Florita)
Tropical Storm Ma-on (2022) (T2209, 10W, Florita) – struck the northern Philippines, South China and northern Vietnam.
Pacific typhoon set index articles
The 1989 Penn Quakers football team was an American football team that represented the University of Pennsylvania during the 1989 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Penn tied for second-to-last in the Ivy League.
In their first year under head coach Gary Steele, the Quakers compiled a 4–6 record and were outscored 229 to 171. Bryan Keys and Steve Johnson were the team captains.
Penn's 2-5 conference record earned a three-way tie for fifth in the Ivy League standings. The Quakers were outscored 172 to 107 by Ivy opponents.
Penn played its home games at Franklin Field on the university's campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Schedule
References
Penn
Penn Quakers football seasons
Penn Quakers football
Kalecik, Göle is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Solmi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Arrigo Solmi (1873–1944), Italian scholar and politician
Federico Solmi (born 1973), Italian visual artist
Sergio Solmi (1899–1981), Italian poet, essayist, and literary critic
See also
Park Sol-mi (born 1978), South Korean actress
Soli (disambiguation)
Italian-language surnames
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 in season 1976.
League standings
Norra
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
1976
2
Sweden
Sweden
Charles Amory Clark (January 26, 1841 – December 22, 1913) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War. Clark received the country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action at Brooks Ford, Virginia on May 4, 1863. He was honored with the award on May 13, 1896.
Biography
Clark was born in Sangerville, Maine on January 26, 1841. He enlisted with the 6th Maine Infantry in July 1861, and was commissioned as a lieutenant in February 1862. He later served as captain and assistant adjutant general of volunteers from May to October 1864.
After the war, he worked as a lawyer in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. He was active in the Grand Army of the Republic, and was elected its national judge advocate general in 1905 and the department commander of Iowa in 1906. He was named a regent of the University of Iowa in 1907.
Clark died at his home in Cedar Rapids on December 22, 1913, and his remains are interred at the Oak Hill Cemetery.
Medal of Honor citation
See also
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: A–F
References
External links
1841 births
1913 deaths
People of Maine in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
People from Sangerville, Maine
Grand Army of the Republic officials
University of Iowa people
Bernstorffsgade is a street located next to Central Station and Tivoli Gardens in central Copenhagen, Denmark. It runs from Vesterbrogade in the northwest to Kalvebod Brygge on the harborfront in the southeast, and marks the boundary between the districts Indre By (City Centre) and Vesterbro.
History
19th century
Bernstorffsgade and the two parallel streets Reventlowsgade and Colbjørnsensgade were established in 1881. The three streets were named after Andreas Peter Bernstorff, Christian Ditlev Frederik Reventlow and Christian Colbjørnsen, three of the driving forces behind the peasant reforms of the 1780s. The section from Tietgensgade to Kalvebod Brygge was originally called Tømmerpladsgade (Timber Site Street) but it was merged into Bernstorffsgade in 1914.
:"The Tivoli Street"]]
Due to its location outside Copenhagen's West Rampart, in what had been known as Dronningens Enghave, the site was still dominated by open land, although Tivoli Gardens had opened at the site in 1843. Copenhagen's first railway station opened at an adjacent site in 1847 but had moved to the other side of Vesterbrogade in 1866.
Skandinavisk Panoptikon, a combination of a wax museum and a cabinet of curiosities established by Vilhelm Pacht, opened at the corner with Vesterbrogade in 1885. Cyclisten, a cycling club, constructed a 350 metres long cycle-racing track with canted curves, tribunes and restaurant at the street in 1893.
The cycle racing track was inaugurated on 22 May and was used for six-hour races for both men and women. It was joined by Copenhagen Goods Station in 1895-1901. The station was designed by DSB's head architect Heinrich Wenck.
2+th century
The cycle-racing track was torn down in 1904 to make way for the new Central Station which opened in 1911. Bernstorffsgade was originally located a little further to the west (where Banegårdspladsen runs today) but was moved in connection with the construction of the new station.
In the 1960s, it was decided to replace the old Copenhagen Goods Station with a new Copenhagen Mail Terminal. The Copenhagen Mail Terminal was inaugurated on 15 November 1979 by Margrethe II and Prince Henrik. The planning had already commenced in early 1967 in collaboration with architects Holm & Grut. The building was originally supposed to be completed in 1973 byut in 1082 it was decided to extend it and it was therefore delayed.
Notable buildings and structures
The block between Vesterbrogade and Tietgensgade is dominated by Copenhagen Central Station on one side and Tivoli Gardens on the other. The central Station was designed by Heinrich Wenck in the Historicist style. The Panopticon Building was replaced by a new headquarters for Arbejdernes Landsbank in 1954.
Tivoli Gardens has one of its two entrances opposite the Central Station. Next to it is the entrance to the Nimb Complex, featuring Nimb Hotel as well as a Hans Christian Andersen Bakery. The Tivoli Corner, designed by Pei Cobb Freed & Partners, is currently (2017) under construction at the corner with Vesterbrogade. It will contain new rooms for Hotel Nimb, a food court, restaurants and shops.
Copenhagen Central Post Building, located on the other side of Tietgensgade, was built at the same time as the Central Station and also with Wenck as architect. It was later expanded with a large post terminal in the 1960s. The whole site was sold in 2016. The old Central Post Building will be turned into an upscale hotel while the rest of the area will be cleared to make room for a mixed-use development with offices, hotel and apartments. The project is designed by Lundgaard & Tranberg and comprises several highrises of up to 120 metres. Lundgaard & Tranberg has also designed SEB Bank's two buildings at the corner with Kalvebod Brygge.
Across the street from the Central Mail Building is the former Western Power Station. Inaugurated by Københavns Belysningsvæsen in 1898, it was the second power station to be built in Copenhagen. The Historicist building was designed by city architect Ludvig Fenger and features a turret topped by a large lantern at the corner. The disused plant has been converted into a district cooling plant and administration office for HOFOR, Greater Copenhagen's largest utility company.
Bernstorffsgade 21 is the former home of The Church Association for the Inner Mission in Denmark. The building is from 1916 and was designed by Arthur Wittmaack. It is now used by Copenhagen Municipality. The neighboring building at No. 23. was designed by Albert Oppenheim. The next building, which fronts Polititorvet (Polititorvet 14), was completed for the insurance company Arbejdsgivernes Ulykkesforsikring in 1914 to design by Knud Arne Petersen. Rigspolitiet is now based in the building. The building on the other side of Polititorvet is the headquarters of Falck.
References
External links
Source
Streets in Vesterbro/Kongens Enghave
Streets in Copenhagen
Andrew Edgar was a Scottish tailor who served James V of Scotland.
He was a son or brother of Thomas Edgar, a tailor who worked for James IV of Scotland and made items for Margaret Tudor, including a crimson satin stomacher during her pregnancy in December 1511. Andrew Edgar first appears in the records supplying cloth for the flags and standards of the king's Great Ship, the Great Michael.
Andrew or "Andro Edgair" made clothes for the infant king and his brother Alexander Stewart in the years "since the field of Flodden". Some of James' clothes in the year before Flodden had been made by the queen's tailor Robert Spittell.
Edgar had an annual fee of £20 Scots and worked with Patrick Donaldson, the yeoman of the royal wardrobe. During this time the king was growing up and learning to ride, hunt, and fight at tournaments.
In July 1522 Edgar made a velvet gown, a black velvet hugton (a short jacket), a grey velvet doublet, a pair of hose of scarlet cloth, and a chamlet winter gown bordered with black velvet. He was given silk thread to sew the clothes. The king was sent from Edinburgh to live at Stirling Castle in the keeping of Lord Erskine.
On 9 September 1523, the anniversary of his father's death, the young king was given riding clothes and armour. Edgar made the king a black velvet riding coat and a jupon to wear over his jack.
Some fabrics were supplied by Michael MacQueen, a wealthy merchant who with his wife Jonet Rhynd founded the Magdalen Chapel in Edinburgh's Cowgate. The lawyer and diplomat Adam Otterburn also acquired fabrics for the king's costume. Elizabeth Crawford, wife of the treasurer of Scotland, Robert Barton, sold Edgar velvet and a fabric called Scottish black, suitable for lining the king's doublets.
Edgar made a riding coat of Paris black for James to wear at hunting in Meggetland in September 1529, and in March 1530 made a "harness doublet" of white satin, with another in May, lined with fustian. These garments were designed to be worn with armour.
1n 1529 James V appointed Thomas Arthur as his master tailor. On 20 October 1531 Edgar and Arthur and other master tailors in Edinburgh subscribed a "seal of cause" for the craft of tailoring in Edinburgh, outlining their professional values and rules for the progression of apprentices.
References
16th-century Scottish businesspeople
16th-century fashion
British tailors
Court of James V of Scotland
Material culture of royal courts
Dhaka Shishu (Children) Hospital is a children's hospital in Bangladesh, located in the capital city of Dhaka.
History
The hospital was established in 1972, immediately following independence. It was funded by the late Professor Tofayel Ahmed, the Bangladesh Government, Save the Children Fund of the UK and World Vision of Bangladesh.
The hospital publishes the Dhaka Shishu (Children) Hospital Journal.
Funding and resources
The hospital is administered by a management board appointed by the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare. The Ministry provides 50% of total annual funding, and the remainder is funded by payment for services, individual donations and grants. The Dhaka Shishu Hospital Trust, created by two public lotteries as well as donations, provides additional financial support when necessary.
The average occupancy rate in 1999 was about 90%.By 2017, the capacity had risen to 650 beds and as of 2020 it was the largest children's hospital in Bangladesh.
Milestones
Establishment of Gazipur & Rajshahi Shishu Hospital
Three classrooms established
Nine-story expansion project (started 28 November 2010)
Pediatric Cardiac Center (including a cardiac surgery operating theatre, catheterization lab, recovery room and cardiac ICU) inaugurated by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina (17 January 2012)
References
External links
Hospital buildings completed in 1972
Hospitals in Dhaka
Hospitals in Bangladesh
Hospitals established in 1972
1973 establishments in Bangladesh
Children's hospitals
PS Sandeq (previously known as PS Polmas) is an Indonesian football team based in Polewali Mandar Regency, West Sulawesi. They currently compete in Liga 3.
Honours
Liga 3 West Sulawesi
Champions: 2019, 2021
Habibie Cup
Winners: 1994, 1998, 2000, 2007
References
External links
Football clubs in Indonesia
Football clubs in West Sulawesi
Association football clubs established in 1960
1960 establishments in Indonesia
Jacqueline Lisa Dark (also Jacqueline Moran) is an Australian operatic mezzo-soprano. She was born in Ballarat and attended the University of Ballarat from 1986 to 1988, receiving a Bachelor of Science (Physics) and a Graduate Diploma of Education in 1989.
Dark trained at the Victorian College of the Arts where she received first class honours in the Graduate Diploma of Opera in 1995.
Performance
Dark has performed with Opera Australia, Victorian State Opera, was young artist for Opera Queensland in 2000, performed at the Vienna State Opera the roles of Giovanna (Rigoletto), Grimgerde (Die Walküre), Annina (La traviata), Mercedes (Carmen), and Il Pastore (shepherd) in Tosca.
Her 2013/2014 Opera Australia schedule included Emilia, Donna Elvira, Filippyevna in Eugene Onegin, Meg Page in Falstaff, Lady Billows in Albert Herring and Fricka in Der Ring des Nibelungen. She has performed the alto solos in Rossini's Stabat Mater for the West Australian Symphony Orchestra. In 2012, Jacqueline Dark sang Herodias in Opera Australia's new production of Salome and won the Green Room Award for Outstanding Principal Female in Opera as Donna Elvira in Don Giovanni.
Her performance experience encompasses opera, music theatre, cabaret, theatre restaurant and the concert platform; it includes the roles of The Composer (Ariadne auf Naxos), Carmen and Mercedes (Carmen), Dorabella (Così fan tutte), the title role and Tisbe in La Cenerentola (for which she won a Green Room Award), Suzuki (Madama Butterfly), Rosmira (Partenope), Donna Elvira (Don Giovanni), Second and Third Lady (Die Zauberflöte), Marcellina (Le nozze di Figaro), Maurya (Riders to the Sea), Mrs Herring (Albert Herring), the title role in Iolanthe, Maddalena (Rigoletto), Emilia (Otello), Lucilla (La scala di seta), Marianna (Il signor Bruschino), Flora (La traviata), Annina (Der Rosenkavalier), Pitti-Sing/Katisha (The Mikado) and Mary (Der fliegende Holländer).
Dark performed the role of Sally Lowe in the world premiere of Lindy and the title role in Iolanthe for Opera Australia, and covered the role of Pearl in the world premiere of Richard Mills' Summer of the Seventeenth Doll. She appeared as a soloist with groups including the Melbourne Chorale, the Australian Opera and Ballet Orchestra (concert series), Orchestra Victoria, the Australian National Academy of Music, the Royal Philharmonic Society and the Queensland Symphony Orchestra.
She joined the Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra along with Trisha Crowe, Michael Falzon, Amanda Harrison and others to record I Dreamed a Dream: Hit Songs from Broadway for ABC Classics in 2013.
Major roles
Major roles performed by Dark include:
Fricka (Der Ring des Nibelungen – Wagner) Opera Australia
Herodias (Salome – Strauss) Opera Australia
Donna Elvira (Don Giovanni – Mozart) Opera Australia
Katisha (The Mikado – Gilbert and Sullivan) Opera Australia
Marcellina (The Marriage of Figaro – Mozart) Opera Australia
Maddalena (Rigoletto – Verdi) Opera Australia
Annina (Der Rosenkavalier – Strauss) Opera Australia
Rosmira (Partenope – Handel) Opera Australia
Emilia (Otello – Verdi) Opera Australia
Flora (La traviata – Verdi) Opera Australia
Suzuki (Madama Butterfly – Puccini) Opera Australia and Opera Queensland
The Composer (Ariadne auf Naxos – Strauss) Victorian Opera
Dorabella (Così fan tutte – Mozart) Victorian Opera
Carmen (Carmen – Bizet) Eastern Metropolitan Opera
Recordings
For Opera Australia and CinemaLive – DVD and CD recordings:
The Marriage of Figaro (Mozart)
Der Rosenkavalier (Strauss)
The Mikado (Gilbert and Sullivan)
Don Giovanni (Mozart)
For Opera Australia and ABC:
Lindy (Henderson)
For the Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra and ABC Classics (as part of a compilation)
I Dreamed a Dream – Hit Songs From Broadway – "Climb Ev'ry Mountain" from The Sound of Music
Recognition
Among Dark's awards and major prizes are two Green Room Awards for her role of Tisbe in Opera Australia's La Cenerentola (2004) and as Donna Elvira in Don Giovanni in 2011, an overseas study grant by the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust (2001), the Vienna State Opera Award (2000), 3rd place in the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions finals (1999), as well as a finalist in McDonald's Operatic Aria (1999, 2000), Herald Sun Aria (1998, 2000), National Liederfest (2000), Covent Garden National Opera Studio Scholarship (1998). She has won the Ringwood Aria 1997, Geelong Aria (1997), Fletcher Jones Memorial Aria (1994), Shell Aria (1993), Victorian Theatre Guild Award (Performance of Distinction) (1989), Encore Award for Performance of Excellence (1986). Dark won the award for Best Female Performer in a Supporting Role in an Opera at the 2013 Helpmann Awards for her role as Herodias in Opera Australia's Salome. and nominated in the 2014 Helpmann Award Best Female Performer in a Supporting Role in an Opera category for The Melbourne Ring Cycle.
Dark launched the 2007 season at Her Majesty's Theatre in her home town of Ballarat as Dorabella in Così fan tutte.
Notes
External links
Profile, Patrick Togher Artists' Management
20th-century Australian women opera singers
Operatic mezzo-sopranos
Australian mezzo-sopranos
Helpmann Award winners
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Federation University Australia alumni
21st-century Australian women opera singers
NNG, formerly known as Nav N Go () is a company which provides navigation software for the automotive, enterprise, wireless and personal navigation industries. In 2016, NNG had nearly 1000 employees, 12 offices and 4 auxiliary offices on 6 continents. NNG's products are based on the iGO Navigation Engine, which consists of the navigation software, user interfaces, and related content and services, which it sells to device manufacturers, automakers, network operators, and transport specialist companies.
History
NNG was established in Budapest, Hungary in 2004. It was founded by GPS&More Ltd., Navi-Gate Kft, Pdamill Kft. and Attila Kátai. Its first product, "iGO My way" was introduced at the CeBIT trade fair in Hanover, Germany in 2006. It fit on a 1GB SD-card. At CeBIT 2008, "iGO 8", with 3D visualization software (iGO 8), was introduced. Also in 2008, Naviextras.com, NNG's map and content update portal was launched.
"iGO amigo" was introduced at CeBIT 2009 for first-time navigation users. Later in 2009 "iGO My way for Mobile" was launched, running on various mobile platforms including iPhone.
At CeBIT 2010 the company's new navigation product "iGO primo" was introduced.
In December 2010 the company was renamed from Nav N Go to NNG. At CeBIT Hannover, in 2011, NNG introduced its upgraded software for iPhone, the iGO primo app, which has continued to be the company's main iGO Navigation product.
At about that time, the 2012 version of Ford's Territory automobile went into production with NNG's navigation on board.
In December 2011 NNG opened its new office in China. In July, 2012 NNG and Vodafone signed a global agreement allowing NNG to deliver connectivity products to its OEM partners with Vodafone's machine to machine (M2M) SIM card along with its software licenses. Also NNG introduced version 2.0 of iGO primo.
IN 2012 NNG released version six of its iGO software. By 2012 NNG had sold about 20 million licenses to line-fit OEM partners, and in NNG reached employed about 400 people.
At Telematics Detroit 2013 NNG introduced NavFusion, a product which integrated smartphone technology to cars. The company provided navigation equipment for automobile manufacturers, dealers and aftermarket retailers, for traditional, hybrid and electric vehicles.
In 2014, the majority of NNG's business came from the automotive industry, mainly for infotainment systems and navigation components as Software Development Kits (SDK) to its customers.
Currently NNG works together with numerous hardware Tier1s and automotive OEMs to improve the core driving experience and in-car connectivity. Their focus is maximizing the potential of the car-phone-human ecosystem. According to their website, their solutions are currently used in more than 30 car brands, and we have partnerships with 7 out of the top 10 car manufacturers around the world.
NNG has co-operations with 26 automotive brands. in 46 languages and for over 130 countries. The company provides navigation solutions for PNDs and for mobile handsets, and also develops and sells location-aware services for developers of Fleet Management and Mobile Resource Management Systems – integrating applications with iGO Navigation and communication features. Another product, Naviextras.com, provides map updates and extra features for devices running on iGO 8, iGO amigo and iGO primo.
See also
Global Positioning System
Speech synthesis
List of companies of Hungary
References
Companies based in Budapest
Navigation system companies
Science and technology in Hungary
Hungarian brands
The Tomb of Sayyed Rukn ad-Din (Persian: آرامگاه سید رکن الدین) or the Sayyed Rukn ad-Din Madrasa (Persian: مدرسه سید رکن الدین) is a 14th century mausoleum in Yazd, Iran. It is the burial place of Sayyed Rukn ad-Din Mohammad Qazi Hosseini Yazdi (Persian: سید رکن الدین محمد قاضی حسینی یزدی) who served as the chief Qadi of Yazd for a while.
History
Sayyed Rukn ad-Din was a cleric and scholar of the city of Yazd. Due to him being involved in sect conflicts in the city, Atabeg Yusof Shah arrested and imprisoned Rukn ad-Din in Khormiz castle. Following this Rukn ad-Din's son, Shams ad-Din, traveled to Tabriz and managed to use his acquaintance with Rashid al-Din Hamadani to get him a decree from the Ilkhan ruler Abu Sa'id Bahadur Khan to free his father. Another story states that Yusof Shah being envious of the popularity of Rukn ad-Din's Madrasa, accused him of murder of a Christian merchant to imprison him.
After being released, he spent the rest of his days teaching in the Madrasa he had made and was buried there after his death.
The complex included a Khanqah, a Madrasa, a mausoleum, a library, an observatory and a mill of which only the mausoleum survives. The mausoleum is currently under repair.
It was listed in the national heritage sites of Iran with the number 246 on 17 December 1935.
References
National works of Iran
Buildings and structures in Yazd Province
The Panhellenic Liberation Organization (, Panellinios Apeleftherotiki Organosis (PAO)), was a Greek resistance organization against the Axis occupation of Greece. It was founded in 1941 by a group of Greek army officers, under the name Defenders of Northern Greece (Υπερασπισταί Βορείου Ελλάδος, YBE; Yperaspistai Voreiou Ellados, YVE), employing methods of non violent resistance. In 1943, YVE was renamed as the Panhellenic Liberation Organization (PAO), shifting its focus towards armed struggle. In the August of the same year it came into conflict with Greek People's Liberation Army (ELAS), a communist-led resistance organization. PAO was defeated in the ensuing civil war and its remnants turned towards collaboration with the Germans.
Background
On 28 October 1940, Italy declared war on Greece, expecting a swift victory but the invasion failed and the Italians were pushed back into Albania. As the war dragged on, on 6 April 1941 Germany was forced to intervene to support its struggling ally. The small Greek force defending the Metaxas Line on the Greco–Bulgarian border was defeated by the better equipped and numerically superior Germans. The German penetration deep into Greece made further resistance at the Albanian front pointless, ending the Battle of Greece in the favor of the Axis Powers. Greece was subjected to a triple occupation by Germany, Italy and Bulgaria. Unlike Italy and Germany, Bulgaria did not administer eastern Macedonia and the parts of Western Thrace it controlled through Greek collaborators, but annexed the area to form the province of Belomorie. The Bulgarian language was made compulsory in all administrative matters, as well as in the education and liturgy. Businessmen were forced to accept Bulgarian partners or even hand their property over to Bulgarian control. Efforts to promote Bulgarisation were also enacted in the German-controlled Greek Macedonia, through the creation of Bulgarian clubs in all major towns. The first resistance organization in northern Greece was founded in May 1941; Eleutheria (Liberty) united people from across the political spectrum ranging from communists to Venizelists. The group was short-lived, as internal political disagreements and the work of Axis intelligence services suppressed its activities, but bands belonging to the Communist-led National Liberation Front (EAM) and its Greek People's Liberation Army (ELAS), continued to emerge in the region.
Operation
On 10 July 1941, army officers Majors I. Papathanassiou, Th. Barbas, E. Dortas and Captain Anastasios Sakellaridis founded Defenders of Northern Greece (YBE), a Greek nationalist resistance organization. Its goals were the preservation of the territorial integrity of Greece and the countering any Bulgarian attempts to absorb Greek Macedonia. Its membership was drawn mostly from the pre-war military and the still functioning state administration, and politically belonged to the right, professing loyalty to the Greek government in exile and King George II. Nevertheless, like most resistance groups at the time, by 1943 did accept vague references to post-war "socialism" and accepted the entry of socialist members into its ranks. The organization it was a fierce opponent of EAM-ELAS, especially given the Comintern's well publicized pre-war support for the inclusion of Greek Macedonia into a greater "autonomous Macedonia", which would inevitably fall under Yugoslav or Bulgarian hegemony. Its headquarters were located in the offices of the Prefecture Inspection Service of the General Administration of Thessaloniki.
YBE hoped to halt Bulgarian encroachment in Macedonia by proving their loyalty to the German authorities and in turn gaining their support. YBE member and prefect of Pella Georgios Themelis, issued a declaration which stated that whoever fights the Germans is an enemy of Greece. Their pleas fell on deaf ears, as the Germans continued to tolerate if not encourage Bulgarian efforts. YBE then shifted its focus towards smuggling fighters into the Middle East, where they were to join the Free Greek Forces of the Greek government-in-exile. In September, the ELAS-led Drama uprising failed and the population was subjected to mass reprisals. Hundreds of Greeks were killed, dozens of villages were razed and thousands of people were made refugees. YBE's persistence with non-violent resistance proved to be unpopular, costing it many defections. In early 1943, agents of the British Special Operations Executive (SOE) landed in Greece to execute Operation Animals, an Allied diversionary operation. The British also sought to foster the expansion of the right wing National Republican Greek League (EDES) in Epirus and YBE in Macedonia, to counterbalance ELAS.
As part of this effort, the leadership of YBE agreed to embrace armed struggle, forming guerilla bands in rural areas. A parallel increase in Axis atrocities after the entry of Bulgarian troops into western Macedonia, reinforced their decision. In July 1943, YBE was renamed Panhellenic Liberation Organization (PAO) and absorbed former members of National Social Defense (EKA) a small right wing resistance organization. PAO's armed wing was named National Army (ES), it also formed a women's branch called PAOE and youth branch called PAON. PAO also illegally published a newspaper called National Voice (EF), its first edition was published in Thessaloniki on 25 May 1943. Its 500 to 1,000 copies were distributed to young officers. Its other branches likewise published their own newspapers. In the Kilkis area, PAO was commanded by Hellenic Gendarmerie members Aiantas Tsamaloukas, Konstantinos Mitsou and Isaac Bechlevanidis. The units in the Chalkidiki region fell under the command of Captain Thanasis Skordas and Lieutenant Vasilis Kiparissis respectively. PAO's main force, consisting of the 19th Battalion, was led by Spyros "Strymonas" Spiridis, stationed around Nigrita. Western Thrace was the theater of operations for three bands, commanded by Panagiotis Koutridis, Giorgos Arvanitidis and Lefteris Tsaousidis Tsochos. Most of PAO's membership was composed of western Pontic Greeks, who had settled in northern Greece following the Greco-Turkish population exchange. ELAS' Macedonian units contained numerous eastern Pontic Greeks, who had migrated to Greece via the Soviet Union and become influenced by the latter in their political convictions.
At the same time, however, ELAS began forcibly disarming smaller non-communist guerrilla groups and either amalgamating them in its own ranks or disbanding them entirely. ELAS justified its action by accusing YBE and other right-wing groups of collaboration with the German occupation authorities, a charge in which, according to SOE officer Chris Woodhouse, "there was some justice [...] because Greek nationalists, like Mihailović in Yugoslavia, regarded the Germans as a less serious enemy than the Bulgarians or the Communists". Despite their anti-autonomist ideology PAO never participated in military engagements against the Italian army, the Vlach Legion or other autonomists. EAM-ELAS constantly viewed any group not belonging to itself with distrust and accused them as "collaborators", but in many cases it was a self-fulfilling prophecy, as ELAS's attacks on the right-wing groups forced the remnants of the latter to make common cause with the Germans against ELAS.
Consequently, from the moment of PAO's formation, relations with ELAS were strained and no effort was put into combining their operations. PAO managed to gain the support of the Turkish-speaking Pontic Greeks, who maintained independent resistance networks and were similarly anti-communist. In August, ELAS fighters in the area of Kilkis began pressuring PAO insurgents into disarming. When ELAS applied the same tactic on the Turkish-speaking Pontians, the latter murdered seven regional ELAS commanders in the village of Imera, near Kozani. By the end of the month the conflict between the two group had escalated into a civil war which continued until December. ELAS managed to destroy PAO's armed units, before they managed to regroup in Chalkidiki. In January 1944, the remnant of PAO, consisting of several hundred men, requested aid from the German authorities and they were reformed into collaborationist, counter-insurgency units. Under German direction, PAO took part in operations against ELAS, while attacking the Bulgarian army with the tacit approval of the Germans. From then on PAO operated under the umbrella of the Security Battalions organized by the collaborationist government in Athens, committing numerous atrocities. Its field commanders Vichos and Dangoulas signed a declaration, pledging to fight the Allies alongside Germany, while others such as Michalagas wore German army uniforms. Only in eastern Macedonia, which lay inside the Bulgarian occupation zone, were nationalist resistance organizations, chiefly that of Tsaous Anton, able to resist ELAS. By June 1944, swelled by officers from PAO and EDES, they were the dominant force in the region.
ELAS remained the dominant resistance organization in the rest of northern Greece until the end of the war. After the Treaty of Varkiza significantly weakened the communists, while the Greek army and gendarmerie were reformed by former members of anti-communist resistance organizations, including former collaborators. The political conflict in Greece continued until the end of the Greek Civil War in 1949, when the communists were defeated.
Notes
References
1941 establishments in Greece
1944 disestablishments in Greece
Anti-communism in Greece
Bulgarian occupation of Greece during World War II
Greek collaborators with Nazi Germany
Greek Macedonia in World War II
Greek Resistance
Military units and formations disestablished in 1944
The Candidate () is a 1980 West German documentary film directed by Volker Schlöndorff, Stefan Aust, Alexander Kluge and . It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
Appearances
Wolf Biermann
Karl Carstens
Edmund Stoiber
Franz Josef Strauß
Marianne Strauß
References
External links
1980 films
1980 documentary films
West German films
1980s German-language films
German documentary films
Films directed by Alexander Kluge
Films directed by Volker Schlöndorff
Documentary films about elections
1980s German films
The 1987–88 Eliteserien season was the 31st season of ice hockey in Denmark. Seven teams participated in the league, and Esbjerg IK won the championship. Gladsaxe SF was relegated to the 1. division.
First round
Final round
The top 4 teams from the first round qualified for the final round. Esbjerg IK finished first in the final round.
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Dan
1987-88
1987 in Danish sport
1988 in Danish sport
Uroleptus limnetis is a species of ciliates.
Description
The organism is green coloured, and has a leaf-like shape. Just like Uroleptus musculus, it is U-shaped and has an elongated body with 3 frontals, and 2-4 rows of ventral cirri. It has no transverse cirri, and its "collar" can extend a short distance along the right side of the body.
References
Species described in 1885
Spirotrichea
The 2013 Formula 3 Sudamericana season was the twenty-seventh and final season of the Formula 3 Sudamericana. It begins on 7 April at Interlagos and ended on 1 December at Curitiba, after eighteen races. In 2014 the championship becomes a Brazilian Championship.
Drivers and teams
All cars are powered by Berta engines, and run on Pirelli tyres.
Race calendar and results
A calendar for the 2013 season was released on 21 December 2012, with all Brazilian rounds supporting Brasileiro de Marcas events. A round in Argentina was also scheduled, with the venue later confirmed as the Autódromo Ciudad de Concordia, supporting the TC 2000 Championship.
Championship standings
References
External links
The official website of the Formula 3 Sudamericana
Formula 3 Sudamericana
Sudamericana
Formula 3 Sudamericana seasons
Sudamericana F3
Implosion: Never Lose Hope is an action video game developed and published by Rayark, and released on April 8, 2015 for iOS and Android and on July 6, 2017 for the Nintendo Switch.
Never Lose Hope received critical acclaim, with praise going to its impressive visuals, exciting gameplay, first-class voice acting and full orchestral scores. While some critics praised the story, others argued it utilised cliché storytelling biased towards a "campy" sci-fi audience. Other criticisms went to the lack of explanation regarding the weapon upgrade system.
The gameplay—combining hack and slash and top-down shooting elements—features exploration and combat in various environments, in addition to VR Survival Modes that grant experience and allow customization of the main character's abilities with items called ARK fragments. Conversations between characters and animated cutscenes occur at crucial story points.
Set in the year 2201, Never Lose Hope focuses on Jacob Francis Carloway, a Warmech pilot serving the Ivonix, a faction on the leading edge of advanced technology. An attack on Earth by Alien life forms called XADA in 2178 forces humanity to evacuate to the nearest hospitable planet in the Tau system. Twenty years following the invasion, the survivors in the Tau system detect an incoming attack from the Earth and deploy two Warmech suits to investigate and eliminate the threat forming on the Earth's surface.
Development of Never Lose Hope began in 2012 with a small team within the indie studio Rayark, after a redirected attempt to create an Xbox title. Key influences included artificial intelligence and man-machine integration, which influenced the story, graphics and music while combining with typical cyberpunk elements.
After release, an expansion episode titled Implosion: Last Man Standing was developed, featuring a new playable character and a separate story mission. The Last Man Standing episode received additional praise for its revamped gameplay elements.
Gameplay
Implosion is a third-person hack-and-slash that allows players to use their mecha's sword as well as ranged gun attacks. The player's mecha uses rolling to dodge enemy attacks and can combo attacks in sequence. The mecha is also customizable with different parts bought from a shop, which can change how it controls, although the gameplay is mainly skill-based.
The mobile version uses touch controls and is also compatible with external controllers. For the Nintendo Switch, the dual stick controllers are used.
The game grades the player at the end of the level, lowering the reward if the player fails the same level multiple times. The levels can be replayed for a higher score, which is also displayed on the game's leaderboard.
An alternate Warmech named "Crimson" can be unlocked and is piloted by Jake's teammate, Diana May. Crimson is faster and harder-hitting than Jake's Avalon Warmech, and utilises hover-wings to fly out of the way of incoming attacks rather than a rolling dodge. Its primary weapon is a staff.
Finally, there is a third Warmech piloted by Jake's uncle, Jonathan Carloway. It is only accessible through a separate campaign following the story of the main campaign and through a VR combat simulator. It is a Warmech II, meaning it lacks any form of shield or dodge whatsoever, making it a very vulnerable target. However, its attacks are all ranged, allowing a significant amount of damage from a distance using both dual pistols, a laser rifle, and a multitude of abilities. Its ARK system is also unique, as it only has 3 slots (compared to Avalon's and Crimson's 6). These three slots are all the same type, and all of the corresponding parts unlock abilities.
Synopsis
Setting
Implosion: Never Lose Hope takes place in the year 2201, 20 years after an alien invasion and subsequent evacuation of Earth. Never Lose Hope is set in a cyberpunk future splintered by opposing surviving factions and political subterfuge: among these factions are Ivonix, Thandeous and Adrillia. Leading up to Implosion: Never Lose Hope, there have been marked shortfalls in human society, with global warming and overpopulation taking a toll. To answer for this, advances in quantum mechanics and zero-point energy are made, leading to the testing of long-distance space travel technology. The testing of this exploration technology is what attracts the hostile "XADA" to Earth. Escaping Earth, the three factions settle in nearby to one another: Adrillia occupies the best land and colonises the prime planet "Gaia", creating a bitter rivalry with Thandeous who are forced onto a harsh nearby moon "Cetos". Orbiting Gaia in the Night Star artificial habitat is the Ivonix, the creators of the Warmech battle suits. 20 years following the evacuation, an Ivonix team returns to Earth to investigate a new threat coming from their former home which could reach across the galaxy and wipe out the surviving human factions 12 light years away.
Adrillia Characterising themselves as superior pillars of democracy, the Adrillian nation has attracted backlashes from other well-equipped forces in the past. The Adrillian capital was able to withstand the initial XADA onslaught, thanks to the strength of their air force.
Thandeous Thandeons are revered for their hardy infantry and mechanical ground force. The first iteration of the Warmech battle suit was created in their lab. The program was only relinquished to the better equipped Ivonix after the XADA adapted to overcome the technology.
Ivonix A technocratic nation, the Ivonix possess the most advanced artificial habitat ever constructed, the Night Star. After their earth-based positions were overrun, engineers took over the Warmech project and deployed a complete redesign to the field.
Xeno-Axial Dianotropic Amorphid (XADA) The name that was given to the ever-changing biological entity was first coined by Dr. Sefano Rutger, after a dissection of a small amount of separated tissue. He surmised that the creatures exist in an ever-present state of flux and that they can adapt their physical and chemical properties to make use of all other structures in their environment (organic or synthetic).
Characters
The main protagonist is Jake Carloway: the son of a military officer, he lived a humble childhood until the invasion, where custody was given to his Uncle following the death of his parents and paralysis of his younger sister. After escaping Earth without his uncle, Jake grew to adulthood on the Night Star artificial habitat, eventually becoming a Warmech pilot. Preoccupied with thoughts of his uncle's unknown status, Jake obsesses over the possibility that Jonathan Carloway may still be alive, fighting back the alien menace by himself on Earth.
Plot
Arriving back on Earth after a 20-year hiatus, Jake Carloway and Diana May deploy their Warmech battle-suits to combat a new threat growing on Earth's surface. They are tasked with destroying a collection of growing XADA material called an AZA, intended to attack whole planets. After arriving and discovering an enclave of survivors, Jake and Diana learn that a former Thandeous scientist "Dr Raymond Millar" had developed a masking agent to help hide survivors for the past two decades. It is revealed that the supply of mask has been cut off and the Doctor has recently sided with the invading entity, along with his wife "Dr Goldie Millar". The mystery behind the AZA growing on the Earth's surface is later discovered, revealing the scientists had been communicating over Quantum relay with their bitter Thandeous kin and set out on a plan to eliminate the Adrillian faction using an AZA, and then deploying mask to clear Gaia for colonisation by the "rightful" Thandeous. The Doctor, however, double-crossed his previously sworn faction when he sided with the XADA entity and plans on eliminating all remaining humans, regardless of factional allegiance.
Jake discovers his uncle is alive and joins forces with him to stop the XADA. Together they discover the Doctor used beacons to open a wormhole connecting Earth and Gaia and intends to send the large mass of XADA (called an AZA) through the rift to destroy the remnants of the human race. After shutting down all the visible beacons, they realise the final beacon keeping the wormhole open is inside Dr Millar's body. After eliminating him the wormhole remains open and they face the XADA Queen who has taken over control of the wormhole with psionic ability. Jake's uncle is killed by the Queen, and in turn, Jake gives his own life to eliminate her using his self-destruct protocol.
Three days later, war is on the verge of breaking out between Thandeous and Adrillia after the discovery of the Thandeous plan to commit genocide. Jake's body is shown being reanimated back on the Night-Star using an artificial intelligence, by a woman in a wheelchair. She asks the AI what its name is. The AI states it has no name and asks her to choose one for it. The game ends just as she is about to answer.
Development
Scenario
The script of Implosion: Never Lose Hope was based on an original concept by Executive Producer, Ming-Yang Yu, and written by Anton Mark-Hitchman, who also directed the game's voice acting. The writer was brought onto the project in the final months of development, to create in-game dialogue, cutscenes, and build a universe for the concept characters. Lore surrounding technology in the game and many item names sought influence in large part from the writer's studies in medical science, biomechanics and cognitive psychology. The ending of the game was a nod to cliché sci-fi stories whereby destroying a single alien hive mind disables an entire enemy species and the protagonists' reign victorious.
When creating the character interplay of Jake and co-pilot Diana, a sarcastic and cheesy camaraderie was used, born out of the idea that the characters were raised in computer simulations since a young age, away from any real danger or consequence and lived nearly their entire lives in space. Over 160 Graphene Display Unit entries were written in the form of e-mails between characters, diaries, and secret government communications to help explain the back-story. This world building device was a hidden narrative, with players having to complete a level, then scroll back to the level they had just completed and click a newly-appeared cube on the level's image. The difficulty in discovering this without a tutorial led some players to confusion and misunderstanding of crucial plot points, technology, and the nature of the game's antagonist.
Music
The background music was composed by Kevin Penkin and performed by the Eminence Symphony Orchestra, while boss battle tracks were composed by Taku Sakakibara of Beatmania fame and performed by his symphony orchestra gaQdan. Mixing was handled by two-time Grammy Award winner John Kurlander of The Lord of the Rings Trilogy fame. The ending theme song was composed by Kevin Penkin with vocals provided by Donna Burke. The additional track "Waiting for you to die" was composed and performed by Alpha Legion.
Related media
A 90-minute anime film is currently underway, entitled Implosion: Zero_Day, which acts as a prequel to the game and showcases the invasion of Earth and how Jake's uncle survived. The film explores the points that the game did not expand on, such as what the XADA really are and the real reason they hunted down humanity.
A 150-page Data_Book published by Rayark Inc. contains otherwise unreleased art and stories from the lives of the game characters.
Reception
Implosion received universal acclaim from critics for the iOS version, and possesses an aggregate score of 93 out of 100 on Metacritic. Shaun Musgrave of TouchArcade rated the game 5/5 stars, calling it "a well designed game with enjoyable progression, fun customization, and fairly deep mechanics", and saying that he is "head over heels for Implosion". Harry Slater of Pocket Gamer rated the game 9/10 and gave it the Pocket Gamer Gold Award, calling the graphics "impressive" and the control system "brilliant", while calling the story of the game "not the most original [...] in the world". Rob Rich of 148Apps rated the game 4.5/5 stars, saying that while the game "makes some bold claims", it "actually lives up to expectations", and calls it a "blast to play".
The Nintendo Switch version has accumulated an aggregate score of 74 out of 100 on Metacritic. Justin Nation of Nintendo World Report rated the game 90/100, calling it "the best current example of an 'indie' title that looks and plays like a AAA game".
References
2015 video games
Action video games
Android (operating system) games
Cyberpunk video games
Hack and slash games
IOS games
Indie video games
Video games about mecha
Nintendo Switch games
Video games about robots
Science fiction video games
Video games developed in Taiwan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games with isometric graphics
Video games scored by Kevin Penkin
Video games set in the 23rd century
Tulip Methodist Church is a historic church, with a cemetery, in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana, near Athens.
The church was organized in 1872 when the Pisgah Methodist Church split. Its building was built in the summer of 1872.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It was deemed to be a "superior example" of Greek Revival-styled churches in northwestern Louisiana.
The church building "is styled to resemble a simplified Greek temple". Its front is pedimented, has a full entablature, and has corner pilasters.
In 1983 there were no longer regular church services at the church, but an annual "Tulip Memorial Day" was held and there were occasional other events.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana
References
Methodist churches in Louisiana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Greek Revival church buildings in Louisiana
Churches completed in 1872
Buildings and structures in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana
Andrew Kennedy (born 26 May 1977) is an English tenor. He was born in Ashington, Northumberland, England, was a chorister at Durham Cathedral, attended Uppingham School, and then was a choral scholar at King's College, Cambridge. Further study at the Royal College of Music was followed by a place on the Vilar Young Artists programme at the Royal Opera House where he performed many solo principal roles.
He won 1st prize at the Jackdaws Vocal Award in 1999 (now called the Maureen Lehane Vocal Awards). He sang for Bampton Classical Opera in 2002. From 2005–2007 he was a member of the BBC Radio 3 New Generation Artists scheme. In 2005, he won the Rosenblatt Recital Prize at the BBC Cardiff Singer of the World competition . He is a Borletti-Buitoni Trust Award winner and won the prestigious Royal Philharmonic Society Young Artists' Award in 2006.
Kennedy has sung principal roles in major opera houses of the world including La Scala, Milan, Royal Opera, Royal Opera Covent Garden, Houston Grand Opera, Oper Frankfurt, L'Opéra Comique in Paris, English National Opera, Welsh National Opera and Opera de Lyon. He had an international concert career and worked with some of the world's principal orchestras with conductors such as John Eliot Gardiner, Kazushi Ono, Sir Colin Davis, Gianandrea Noseda, Esa Pekka Salonen, Sir Mark Elder, Sir Roger Norrington, Andris Nelsons and Daniele Gatti. Appearances at the BBC Proms include Finzi Intimations of Immortality (BBCSO/Daniel); Howells Hymnus Paradisi (BBCSO/Brabbins); a live televised performance of Sullivan The Yeomen of the Guard (BBC Concert Orchestra/Jane Glover) and Elgar The Spirit of England at the 2007 Last Night of the BBC Proms with Jiří Bělohlávek.
In September 2019 he became Director of Music at Uppingham School. According to his website, he is still available for short-term concert work.
He is married to Anna Kennedy, a psychotherapist specialising in counselling children and adolescents based in Rutland.
Discography
CDs
Britten - Saint Nicholas (2013) with Stephen Cleobury, The Choir of King's College, Cambridge, and Britten Sinfonia
Warlock - The Curlew & songs by Peter Warlock (2006) with Simon Lepper and Pavao Quartet
Vaughan Williams - On Wenlock Edge (2008) with the Dante Quartet
References
English operatic tenors
Living people
People from Ashington
1977 births
BBC Radio 3 New Generation Artists
21st-century English singers
21st-century British male singers
People educated at Uppingham School
Choral Scholars of the Choir of King's College, Cambridge
A branle (, ), also bransle, brangle, brawl, brawle, brall(e), braul(e), brando (in Italy), bran (in Spain), or brantle (in Scotland), is a type of French dance popular from the early 16th century to the present, danced by couples in either a line or a circle. The term also refers to the music and the characteristic step of the dance.
History
Beginnings and courtly adoption
The name branle derives from the French verb branler (to shake, wave, sway, wag, wobble), referring to the side-to-side movement of a circle or chain of dancers holding hands or linking arms. Dances of this name are encountered from about 1500 and the term is used for dances still danced in France today. Before 1500, the only dance-related use of this word is the "swaying" step of the basse danse.
The branle was danced by a chain of dancers, usually in couples, with linked arms or holding hands. The dance alternated a number of larger sideways steps to the left (often four) with the same number of smaller steps to the right so that the chain moved gradually to the left.
Although originally French dances of rustic provenance, danced to the dancers' singing, the branle was adopted, like other folk-dances, into aristocratic use by the time that printed books allow us to reconstruct the dances. A variety of branles, attributed to different regions, were danced in sequence, so that the suite of branle music gives one of the earliest examples of the classical suite of dances. Such suites generally ended with a gavotte, which seems then to have been regarded as a species of branle.
Some aristocratic branles included pantomime elements, such the branle de Poitou, the possible ancestor of the minuet, which acts out gestures of courtship. Some of these dances were reserved for specific age groups - the branle de Bourgogne, for instance, for the youngest dancers. Branle music is generally in common time somewhat like the gavotte, though some variants, like that of Poitou, are in triple time. Branles were danced walking, running, gliding, or skipping depending on the speed of the music. Among the dance's courtly relations may be the basse danse and the passepied which latter, though it is in triple time, Rabelais and Thoinot Arbeau (1589) identify as a type of Breton branle.
The branle in Arbeau
The first detailed sources for the dance's steps are found in Arbeau's famous text-book Orchesography. Antonius de Arena briefly describes the steps for the double and single branle, and John Marston's The Malcontent (1604) sketches the choreography of one type. According to Arbeau, every ball began with the same four branles: the double, the single, the gay and the Burgundian branle. The double branle had a simple form involving two phrases of two bars each.
Arbeau gives choreographies for eight branles associated with specific regions; the Burgundian (see above) or Champagne, the Haut Barrois, the Montardon, the Poitou, the Maltese, the Scottish and the Trihory of Brittany; he also mentions four others without describing their steps; the branles of Camp, Hainaut, Avignon, and Lyon. Most of these dances seem to have a genuine connection to the region: the Trihory of Brittany, Arbeau says, was seldom if ever performed around Langres where his book was published, but "I learned it long ago from a young Breton who was a fellow student of mine at Poitiers".
On the other hand, Arbeau identifies some branles as adapted to ballet and mime. When his student Capriol asks whether the Maltese branle is native to Malta, rather than just "a fanciful invention for a ballet", Arbeau replies that he "cannot believe it to be other than a ballet". He also describes a "Hermit" branle based upon mime.
The suite of branles
There were several well-established branle suites of up to ten dances; the Branles de Champagne, the Branles de Camp, the Branles de Hainaut and the Branles d'Avignon. Arbeau named these suites branles coupés, which literally means "cut" or "intersected" branles but is usually translated as "mixed branles". Antonius de Arena mentions mixed branles () in his macaronic treatise Ad suos compagnones.
By 1623 such suites had been standardized into a set of six dances: premier bransle, bransle gay, bransle de Poictou (also called branle à mener), bransle double de Poictou, cinquiesme bransle (by 1636 named branles de Montirandé), and a concluding gavotte. A variant is found in the Tablature de mandore (Paris, 1629) by François, Sieur de Chancy. A suite of seven dances collectively titled Branles de Boccan begins with a branle du Baucane, composed by the dancing master and violinist Jacques Cordier, known as "Bocan", followed by a second, untitled branle then the branle gay, branle de Poictu, branle double de Poictu, branle de Montirandé and la gavotte.
The fame of the branle
In the late 16th century in England the branle was mentioned by Shakespeare (Love's Labour's Lost, 3. 1. 7: "Will you win your love with a French brawl?"). In the 17th century it was danced at the courts of Louis XIV of France and Charles II of England, where it became "even more common than in France". There are even a few late examples in Beauchamp–Feuillet notation (invented in 1691), such as Danses nouvelles presentees au Roy (c. 1715) by Louis-Guillaume Pécour.
In Italy the branle became the brando, and in Spain the bran. The Branle seems to have travelled to Scotland and survived for some time as to brail. Emmanuel Adriaenssen includes a piece called Branle Englese in his book of lute music, Pratum Musicum (1584) and Thomas Tomkins' Worster Braules is included in the Fitzwilliam Virginal Book. But of thousands of lute pieces from England only 18 were called branle, though one called "courant" is known from continental sources as a branle.
Branles not choreographed by Arbeau
The Branle de Montirandé appears to be related to the Haut Barrois branle, which Arbeau says was "arranged to the tune of a branle of Montierandal" (probably Montier-en-Der, near Chaumont in the Haute Marne). This is danced in duple time, and as described by Arbeau has a similar structure to the double branle. Settings for this appear in the lute anthology Le trésor d'Orphée by Anthoine Francisque (1600) and the ensemble collection Terpsichore by Michael Praetorius (1612).
In John Marston's The Malcontent (1604), act 4, scene 2, the character Guerrino describes the steps of a dance called Beanchaes brawl (Bianca's branle): t'is but two singles on the left, two on the right, three doubles forward, a trauerse of six round: do this twice, three singles side, galliard tricke of twentie, curranto pace; a figure of eight, three singles broken downe, come vp, meete two doubles, fall backe, and then honour. The opening is the same as the Maltese branle described by Arbeau, but starting with "three singles side", there is an interpolation of "something presumably more athletic". The male dancer moves away from his partner before performing a "galliard trick of twenty"—apparently a number of capers or leaps in the manner of the galliard—before returning to the conventional ending.
Revivals
Francis Poulenc includes a Bransle de Champagne and a Bransle de Bourgogne in his Suite Française (1935).
Igor Stravinsky includes a Bransle Simple, Bransle Gay, and Bransle de Poitou (Double) in his Agon (1957).
The air of Arbeau's "Branle de l'Official" was adapted for the 20th-century English Christmas carol "Ding Dong Merrily on High".
References
Footnotes
Further reading
Bröcker, Marianne (1988). "Ein Branle—was ist das?" In Colloquium: Festschrift Martin Vogel zum 65. Geburtstag, überreicht von seinen Schülern, edited by Heribert Schröder, 35-50. Bad Honnef: Schröder.
Challet-Hass, Jacqueline (1977). Dances from the Marais Nord Vendéen. I: Les Maraichines (Branles and Courantes); II: Les Grand Danses and Other Dances. Documentary Dance Materials No. 2. Jersey, Channel Islands: Centre for Dance Studies.
Cunningham, Caroline M. (1971). "Estienne du Tertre and the Mid-sixteenth Century Parisian Chanson". Musica Disciplina 25:127–70.
Guilcher, Jean-Michel (1968). "Les derniers branles de Béarn et de Bigorre". Arts et Traditions Populaires (July–December): 259–92.
Heartz, Daniel (1972). "Un ballet turc a la cour d'Henri II: Les Branles de Malte". Baroque: Revue International 5:17–23.
Jordan, Stephanie (1993). "Music Puts a Time Corset on the Dance". Dance Chronicle 16, no. 3:295–321.
McGowan, Margaret M. (2003). "Recollections of Dancing Forms from Sixteenth-Century France". Dance Research 21, no. 1 (Summer): 10–26.
Martin, György (1973). "Die Branles von Arbeau und die osteuropäischen Kettentänze". Studia Musicologica Academiae Scientiarum Hungaricae 15:101–28.
Merveille, Marie-Laure, and W. Thomas Marrocco (1989). "Anthonius Arena: Master of Law and Dance of the Renaissance". Studi Musicali 18, no. 1:19–48.
Mizzi, Gordon (2004). "The Branles de Malte". Classical Guitar 23, no. 1 (September): 35–37.
Mullally, Robert (1984). "French Social Dances in Italy, 1528–9". Music & Letters 65, no. 1 (January): 41–44.
Pugliese, Patri J. (1981). "Why Not Dolmetsch?" Dance Research Journal 13, no. 2 (Spring): 21–24.
Richardson, Mark D. (1993). "A Manual, a Model, and a Sketch: The Bransle Gay Dance Rhythm in Stravinsky's Ballet Agon". Mitteilungen der Paul Sacher Stiftung, no. 16:29–35.
Richardson, Mark Douglas (1996). "Igor Stravinsky's Agon (1953–1957): Pitch-Related Processes in the Serial Movements and Rhythm in the Named Dance Movements Described in De Lauze's Apologie de la danse (1623)". PhD diss. Tallahassee: Florida State University.
Rimmer, Joan (1987). "Patronage, Style and Structure in the Music Attributed to Turlough Carolan". Early Music 15, no. 2 (May): 164–74.
Rimmer, Joan (1989). "Carole, Rondeau and Branle in Ireland 1300–1800, Part 1: The Walling of New Ross and Dance Texts in the Red Book of Ossory". Dance Research 7, no. 1 (Spring): 20-46.
Rimmer, Joan (1990). "Carole, Rondeau and Branle in Ireland 1300–1800, Part 2: Social and Theatrical Residues 1550–1800". Dance Research 8, no. 2 (Fall): 27–43.
Roy, Gilbert (1988). "Rondes et branles de Champagne". Folklore de Champagne, no. 110 (May): 10–29.
External links
Video - Branle de Bourgogne revived in costume by Ardo Liltamor
Video - Branle Gay in costume, by Melbourne University Renaissance Dance ensemble.
Video - Branles simple and gay, by Dancilla
Music video - Branle Double - Branle Simple - Branle Gay - Branle de Bourgogne (publ. Pierre Phalèse) with facsimile of Arbeau
Video, live music on period instruments, Branle de Champaigne, double and simple, by Les Menestreux De La Branche Rouge
Dance forms in classical music
French dances
Renaissance dance
Renaissance music
Triple time dances
John Henry Frederick Bacon (4 November 1865, in Kennington – 24 January 1914) was a British painter and illustrator of genre works, history and bible scenes, and portraits.
Life and work
Born in Kennington on 4 November 1865, Bacon was the second son of the lithographer John Cardanall Bacon, and showed artistic talent from a young age. He trained at the Westminster School of Art and the Royal Academy Schools in London. In his teens he acquired a reputation as an outstanding black-and-white illustrator, and at the age of 18 set off on a professional tour of India and Burma.
On his return to England, in 1889, Bacon exhibited The Village Green and Nevermore at the Royal Academy and was a regular exhibitor from then on. He was a successful painter of religious works, such as Peace be unto you (1897), Gethsemane (1899); historical scenes, such as Homage giving, Westminster Abbey (for the coronation of Edward VII), The Coronation ceremony of George V (1911), The City of London Imperial Volunteers Return to London from South Africa on Monday 29th October 1900, as well as portraiture and genre scenes – such as A Wedding Morning, (1892) A Confession of Love (1894) and Rivals (1904). He was an Associate of the Royal Academy (ARA) and was awarded the MVO (Member of the Royal Victorian Order) for distinguished service to the King. Bacon illustrated books as well as magazines and periodicals.
Bacon married in 1894 and took up residence at "Pillar House" in Harwell, Berkshire (now in Oxfordshire). He had 7 children. He died of acute bronchitis on 24 January 1914, aged 48.
Selected works
Portrait of Michael Lewis Myers, 1906 (Tate Britain)
Illustrated books (selected)
Harden, Beatrice. Things Will Take a Turn (1894)
Clarke, H. The Ravensworth Scholarship (1895)
Craik, Mrs. John Halifax, Gentleman (1899)
Dickens, Charles. Dombey and Son and Little Dorrit. (1902)
Everett-Green, Evelyn. Priscilla (1900)
Hawthorne, Nathaniel. The Scarlet Letter and the House of the Seven Gables (1904)
Fitcher, W. H. The King's Empire (1906)
Hughes, Thomas. Tom Brown's School Days (1906)
Ebbutt, Maud Isabel. Hero-myths & Legends of the British Race (New York: T.Y. Crowell & Company, 1910).
Squire, Charles. Celtic Myth and Legend, Poetry & Romance (London: Gresham).
Dickens, Charles. Little Dorrit (Gresham, 1912)
Everett-Green, Evelyn. Esther's Charge (1912)
Nesbit, E. and Doris Ashley. Children's Stories from English History (1914)
Illustrated periodicals (selected)
Black and White, Cassell's Family Magazine, The Girl's Own Paper, The Ludgate Monthly, The Quiver, The Windsor Magazine.
Notes
External links
John Henry Frederick Bacon on artnet
Works by J. H. F. Bacon (Bridgeman Art Library)
Bacon, John Henry Frederick, 1868–1914 (Art UK)
Photo of J H F Bacon (National Portrait Gallery)
J H F Bacon (short biography)
Profile on Royal Academy of Arts Collections
1868 births
1914 deaths
19th-century English painters
English male painters
20th-century English painters
British genre painters
English portrait painters
19th-century painters of historical subjects
Associates of the Royal Academy
Alumni of the Royal Academy Schools
Members of the Royal Victorian Order
Deaths from bronchitis
20th-century English male artists
19th-century English male artists
Fabio Della Giovanna (born 21 March 1997) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for club Pro Sesto.
Club career
Inter Milan
On 15 May 2016, Della Giovanna made his senior debut against Sassuolo as a substitute for Rodrigo Palacio in the 81st minute of a 1–3 away defeat on the last day of the Serie A season.
Loan to Ternana
On 19 August 2016, Della Giovanna and Raffaele Di Gennaro were signed by Ternana with a season-long loan deal with option to buy. On 25 October he made his debut for Ternana as a substitute replacing Giovanni Di Noia in the 81st minute of a 1–0 away defeat against Avellino. On 7 November Della Giovanna play his second match for Ternana, he was replaced by Luca Germoni in the 46th minute of a 1–0 home defeat against Benevento. Della Giovanna finish his loan to Ternana with only 2 appearances.
SPAL
On 30 August 2017, Della Giovanna joined newly promoted Serie A team SPAL for an undisclosed fee.
Imolese
On 17 July 2019, he joined Serie C club Imolese on a 2-year contract.
Pro Sesto
On 19 July 2021 he moved to Pro Sesto.
International career
With the Italy U-17 side he took part in the qualifiers of 2014 UEFA European Under-17 Championship, making three appearances, as Italy successfully went to the elite round. At the elite round, Della Giovanna made further two appearances as Italy finished in third positions, failing to qualify in the process.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Club
Inter Primavera
Torneo di Viareggio: 2015
Coppa Italia Primavera: 2015–16
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
People from Vizzolo Predabissi
Footballers from Lombardy
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Inter Milan players
Ternana Calcio players
S.P.A.L. players
S.S. Arezzo players
F.C. Südtirol players
Imolese Calcio 1919 players
S.S.D. Pro Sesto players
Italy youth international footballers
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Milan
A poke bonnet (sometimes also referred to as a Neapolitan bonnet) is a women's bonnet, featuring a small crown and wide and rounded front brim. Typically this extends beyond the face. It has been suggested that the name came about because the bonnet was designed in such a way that the wearer's hair could be contained within the bonnet. Poke may also refer to the brim itself, which jutted out beyond the wearer's face.
Characteristics
There were many variations of the style, which remained popular throughout much of the 19th century. The Metropolitan Museum of Art notes that the poke usually had a small crown combined with a large brim extending beyond the face, providing a large surface for decoration.
This prominent brim shaded the face and, over time increased in size so that the wearer's face could only be seen from the front. Typically, the bonnet would be secured by ribbons tied under the chin, which might also wrap around the bottom of the bonnet's crown, similar to a hatband. An 1830s version of the poke bonnet with ornate ribbon wrapping forms part of the Victoria and Albert Museum archive.
History of the design
The poke bonnet came into fashion at the beginning of the 19th century. It is first mentioned in an 1807 fashion report in The Times; the report describes designs made of willow or velvet with long ribbons and full bows on one side of the hat.
By the 1830s, Englishwomen had adopted the poke bonnet. The new styles became widely popular and made the aristocracy less visibly distinct from the respectable middle classes. The style is modest and was in line with English fashions after the ascension of Queen Victoria.
A poke bonnet features prominently in the illustrations of Beatrix Potter's Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck. Another appears in the First World War-era music hall song "In your little poke bonnet and shawl".
See also
Salvation Army bonnet
Coal scuttle bonnet
References
Bonnets (headgear)
19th-century fashion
Hats
Harriet Tubman Elementary School is a public elementary school, named after Harriet Tubman, an African-American abolitionist, humanitarian, and Union spy during the U.S. Civil War. It is located in Washington, DC and is under the jurisdiction of the District of Columbia Public Schools. Over five hundred students are currently enrolled from pre-school to fifth grade.
History
Harriet Tubman Elementary School was built in 1970, shortly after the 1968 Washington, D.C. riots which ravaged its neighborhood of Columbia Heights.
Programs and students
The school has regular graffiti cleaning, students have received free dental care, and D.C. Discovery Days give them field trips out of the neighborhood. Nevertheless, in 2007 a student from Tubman joined others in voicing concern over safety in the public school district. 85% of the student body qualify for free or reduced-price lunches.
Awards and recognition
Former principal Sadia M. White won a National Distinguished Principals award in 2004 for her work at Tubman. According to National Association of Elementary School Principals, under White, Tubman Elementary met all its goals for standardized test scores and White supervised the launch of an inclusion-teaching model featuring team-teaching by general education, special education teachers, and teachers of new English-language learners. The association also commended her institution of a comprehensive school-wide positive-approach discipline program that included a due process system for punishment referrals and intervention strategies for classroom teachers for preventing problems.
On November 27, 2001, First Lady Laura Bush hosted Tubman Elementary students at the White House for a screening of the film, Twice Upon a Christmas.
In 2005, Cory Chimka, fourth grade teacher at Harriet Tubman, was named National Kind Teacher of the Year by the National Association for Humane & Environmental Education.
Notes
Further reading
Profile of Tubman Elementary from the Washington Post
External links
School website
District of Columbia Public Schools
Harriet Tubman
Public elementary schools in Washington, D.C.
Educational institutions established in 1970
Wu Peng (; born 15 August 1982) is a Chinese footballer.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Club
Wuhan Optics Valley
China League One: 2004
Chongqing Lifan
China League One: 2014
References
1982 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Association football midfielders
China League One player
Chinese Super League players
Wuhan F.C. players
Chongqing Liangjiang Athletic F.C. players
Nantong Zhiyun F.C. players
Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard F.C. players
Saint Altfrid (or Altfrid of Hildesheim) (died 15 August 874) was a leading figure in Germany in the ninth century. A Benedictine monk, he became Bishop of Hildesheim, and founded Essen Abbey. He was also a close royal adviser to the East Frankish King Louis the German.
He is a Roman Catholic saint. His feast day is celebrated on 15 August, the feast of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, but also in Essen and Hildesheim on 16 August.
Life
There is no contemporary biography of Altfrid. He is first mentioned by name on 3 October 852, when he took part in a council in Mainz as Bishop of Hildesheim.
According to the Hildesheim Chronicle Altfrid died "rich in days" in 874, from which a year of birth of around 800 is assumed. He owned land in the Harzvorland and in central Essen (Asnithi), which may have been inherited from his family, and it seems likely that he belonged to the Saxon nobility, and may have been connected to the Imperial family of the Liudolfings, who, however, had no influence in Altfrid's foundation Essen Abbey (Stift Essen) until after his death.
He was apparently a monk at Corvey Abbey before he was declared Bishop of Hildesheim in 851 in succession to Ebbo, who died on 20 March of that year. Since Ebbo had been installed and removed several times as Archbishop of Reims, Altfrid took the unusual step of repeating all consecrations and ordinations of his predecessor to avoid their invalidation.
In 864, Altfrid moved the relics of Saint Marsus from Auxerre to an unknown place in Saxony, most likely to Corvey Abbey. His sermon on the arrival of the relics survives. In addition, Altfrid laid the cornerstone of a new cathedral in Hildesheim in 852, a three-aisled cruciform church with a crossing and transept. It was completed in 872 and was consecrated on 1 November 872 in the presence of four bishops and the Abbot of Corvey.
Even before his consecration as bishop, Altfrid had been active in the foundation of several female religious communities. Between 845 and 847 he acquired the relics of Saints Cosmas and Damian in Rome. Altfrid also supported the Saxon Count Ricdag in the foundation of the nunnery at Lamspringe by procuring for it the relics of Saint Hadrian from Rome.
According to the Hildesheim Chronicle Altfrid also founded a Benedictine monastery on his own land in the Harzvorland, of which no further details of either location or duration are known. More important is Altfrid's other foundation, Essen Abbey (Stift Essen), on his own property in Essen (Asthnide) on the Hellweg. The first Abbess of Essen was his kinswoman Gerswith, often referred to as his sister, although there is no direct evidence of this. As in Hildesheim, Altfrid also built a church for the canonesses, the Stiftskirche, later known as the Essener Münster and from 1958 as Essen Cathedral. Altfrid was buried here after his death on 15 August 874, according to his wishes. A Gothic tomb stands over his grave in the east crypt, which is named after him.
Diplomat
Altfrid, was a close confidant of Ludwig the German, and from 860 took an influential role in the power struggles between the various parts of the disintegrating Frankish empire. In 860 Altfrid was present at the meeting between Ludwig the German and Charles the Bald in St. Castor's Basilica in Koblenz, where the two kings agreed a peace treaty. In the years that followed it is possible to trace a great deal of travelling on Altfrid's part: in 862 he was in Asselt, later in Compiègne and Savonnières, in 864 in Pitres, in 865 at the Synod of Thousey, in 867 in Metz and in 868 at the Synod of Worms. Altfrid had decisive influence on the form of the Treaty of Meerssen, which divided Lotharingia on 9 August 870 between West Francia and East Francia.
Death and after
The place of Altfrid's death is not known, although the date is recorded by Abbot Altbert of Lobbes as the feast of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, i.e., 15 August 874. He was buried, according to his wishes, in the church of Essen Abbey.
After his death Altfrid was particularly venerated at his tomb in Essen. Around the year 1000 miracles were reported at his grave, which greatly increased the veneration, and the effects of a supposedly healing spring close to the church were also ascribed to his intercession. After a serious fire in the church in the 13th century a Gothic stone sarcophagus was obtained for his bones. Altfrid's feast day - which in Essen was celebrated on 16 August, rather than on 15 August - was the most festive in the abbey's yearly calendar.
Nevertheless, Altfrid was not a canonised saint, and when the abbey was secularised in 1803 his veneration fell off, only to revive during the Kulturkampf at the end of the century. After the foundation of the Bishopric of Essen in 1958 the first bishop asked Rome to confirm the celebration of Altfrid's feast day as an official church festival, a request which was granted in 1965.
Notes
References
Pothmann, Alfred, 2002: Bischof Altfrid (um 800–874). Der Hildesheimer Bischof und die Essener Frauengemeinschaft, in: Alfred Pothmann u. Reimund Haas (eds.): Christen an der Ruhr, vol. 2. Bottrop Essen: Verlag Peter Pomp.
Schilp, Thomas, 2000: Altfrid oder Gerswid? Zur Gründung und den Anfängen des Frauenstifts Essen, in: Herrschaft, Bildung und Gebet. Essen: Klartext Verlag.
External links
Ökumenisches Heiligenlexikon:Altfrid von Hildesheim
http://www.catholic.org/saints/saint.php?saint_id=1286
874 deaths
Roman Catholic bishops of Hildesheim
German Roman Catholic saints
People from Essen
9th-century Christian saints
Year of birth unknown
9th-century Saxon bishops
Saints from East Francia
9th-century Latin writers
Writers of the Carolingian Empire
Clergy from North Rhine-Westphalia
Howard Michael Endelman (born July 30, 1965) is a former American lawyer, professional tennis player, businessman, and tennis coach.
Biography
Endelman, who grew up on New York's Long Island, played collegiate tennis at Columbia University, before turning professional in 1987.
Most of his matches on the professional tour were as a doubles player, reaching a career best doubles ranking of 183. His best performances on the Grand Prix circuit were quarter-finals appearances at Boston and Schenectady in 1988, partnering John Sobel on both occasions. He competed in the main draw of the men's doubles at the 1988 US Open, with Peter Palandjian.
Education and Career
Retiring after the 1989 season, Endelman served as head coach of the women's tennis team at Columbia until 1992. He then studied at Boston College and graduated with a J.D. After practicing law for three years at the international law firm of Clifford, Chance, Rogers & Wells, he later moved on to a business career, which included positions as a Vice President in investment banking at Merrill Lynch from 1998 to 2005, an Executive Vice President at InsideOut Sports & Entertainment from 2005 to 2007, and as a founding partner of Baseline Partners, a private equity investment firm based in India from 2007 to 2010.
From 2010 until 2019 he was the associate head coach of the Columbia men's tennis team. He assumed the mantle of head coach in 2019 after head coach Bid Goswami retired.
Coaching career
Head Coach of Men's Tennis and Director of Tennis Operations - Columbia University, 2019–Present
Associate Head Coach of Men's Tennis - Columbia University, 2010-2019
Head Coach of Women's Tennis - Columbia University, 1989-1992
Source:
Challenger titles
Doubles: (2)
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Tennis people from New York (state)
Columbia Lions men's tennis players
Boston College Law School alumni
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
American tennis coaches
Kyle Miller (born April 18, 1988) is a former American football tight end. He was originally signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football at Mount Union. Miller has also played for the Indianapolis Colts, Miami Dolphins, Atlanta Falcons, and San Diego Chargers. He is the son of former NFL quarterback Mark Miller.
Professional career
Jacksonville Jaguars
On July 26, 2011, Miller was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Jacksonville Jaguars. On September 3, 2011, he was waived by the Jaguars.
Indianapolis Colts
On April 3, 2012, Miller was signed by the Indianapolis Colts. On August 31, 2012, he was waived by the Colts. On September 1, 2012, he was signed to the Colts' practice squad. On November 12, 2012, Miller was promoted to the Colts' active roster. On November 19, 2012, he was waived by the Colts.
Miami Dolphins
On November 20, 2012, Miller was claimed off waivers by the Miami Dolphins. On August 31, 2013, he was cut by the Dolphins. On September 2, 2013, he was signed to the Dolphins' practice squad. On December 31, 2013, Miller signed a reserve/future contract with the Dolphins. On August 30, 2014, he was cut by the Dolphins.
Atlanta Falcons
On September 1, 2014, Miller was signed to the Atlanta Falcons' practice squad. On May 3, 2015, he was waived by the Falcons.
San Diego Chargers
On May 5, 2015, Miller was claimed off waivers by the San Diego Chargers. On September 15, 2015, he was waived by the Chargers. On September 24, 2015, Miller was re-signed by the Chargers. On September 29, 2015, he was waived again by the Chargers.
References
External links
Miami Dolphins bio
Indianapolis Colts bio
Mount Union Purple Raiders bio
1988 births
Living people
People from Bowling Green, Ohio
Players of American football from Ohio
American football tight ends
Mount Union Purple Raiders football players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Indianapolis Colts players
Miami Dolphins players
Atlanta Falcons players
San Diego Chargers players
This article shows notable survey—either by critics or by the public of the best Czech films. Some surveys focus on all Czech films, while others focus on a particular genre. It can be the highest ranked Czech exponent of an international poll.
Best film overall
This section shows results of Best Czech film polls.
Film critics
1994 Karlovy Vary International Film Festival survey
1998 poll of 55 Czech and Slovak film critics and publicists
Filmové dědictví 2007
Reflex Poll 2011
Sight & Sound Poll 2012
Kánon 100 - voting by 20 Czech film critics and historians in 2018
Public polls
Filmové dědictví 2007
Media Desk Poll 2010
Reflex Poll 2011
Kánon 100 Poll 2018
By genre
Comedy
1998 public survey "Comedy of the Century"
Public Survey by Novinky.cz 2007
Experimental
Kinobox rating 2017
Fairy tale films
Dáma rating 2012
Kinobox rating 2017
Horror
Kinobox rating 2017
Musical
Public Survey by Novinky.cz 2007
Science Fiction
Public Survey by Novinky.cz 2007
Kinobox Public Survey 2010
Kinobox rating 2017
Silent
2010 public survey by Týden.cz
By period
1918-1939
2010 public survey by Týden.cz
1940s
2010 public survey by Týden.cz
1950s
2010 public survey by Týden.cz
1960s
2010 public survey by Týden.cz1960-1965
1965-1967
1968-1969
1970s
2010 public survey by Týden.cz
1980s
2010 public survey by Týden.cz
Since 1990
2011 survey by Hospodářské noviny
2007-2017 period by Kinobox rating 2017 (critics)
2008-2018 period by Kinobox rating 2018 (audience)
See also
Czech Lion Awards
List of Czech submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Czechoslovak submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
List of films considered the best
References
Best
Best
Allium runyonii is a North American species of wild onion native to southern Texas about as far north as Corpus Christi, as well as to the Mexican States of Nuevo León and Tamaulipas. It is found on sandy soils including in plains along the Río Grande.
Allium runyonii produces egg-shaped bulbs up to 2 cm long. Flowering stalks can reach a height of 50 cm. Flowers are urn-shaped, about 6 mm across; tepals white with pinkish midribs; anthers and pollen are yellow; ovary does not have a crest.
References
runyonii
Flora of Texas
Flora of Mexico
Onions
Plants described in 1950
The Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine was established in 1967 by Abram Hoffer. It publishes studies in nutritional and orthomolecular medicine. There is controversy surrounding the journal, as the validity of the field of orthomolecular medicine is not widely accepted by mainstream medicine. The journal is ranked in the bottom 10 percent of all journals about complementary and alternative medicine that are indexed in the bibliographic database Scopus (#74 out of 82 journals; CiteScore 2018).
History
In 1967, Hoffer found it increasingly difficult to publish reports on his studies of megavitamin therapies and claimed that his studies were rejected in a conspiracy of mainstream medicine, prompted by what he alleged to be extended conflicts of interest on the part of the American Psychiatric Association. The Journal of Schizophrenia followed the formation of the Canadian Schizophrenia Foundation and the American Schizophrenia Association. Hoffer and Humphry Osmond, who developed the hypothesis that schizophrenia is caused by the endogenous production of an epinephrine (adrenaline) based hallucinogen, were called before the Committee of Ethics of the American Psychiatric Association to explain why they were publicizing a treatment, called xenobiotic psychiatry by Bernard Rimland, which was considered outside of standard psychiatric practice. Hoffer claims that one of the assistant editors of the American Journal of Psychiatry announced that he would never allow any article from Hoffer's group to appear in his journal.
Several name changes occurred: to Schizophrenia; then to Orthomolecular Psychiatry, ostensibly to reflect the increased application of this type of therapy to other mental illnesses; then to Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine.
Controversial status
The Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine is not indexed by MEDLINE, a database of biomedical literature. Journals are selected for MEDLINE by the National Library of Medicine based on scope and coverage, quality of content, quality of editorial work, intended audience, quality of the layout, printing, graphics, and illustrations. The journal is classified as a "Non-recommended Periodical" by the alternative medicine watchdog website, Quackwatch.org.
Notes
External links
Publications established in 1967
Orthomolecular medicine
Alternative and traditional medicine journals
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Trichostigma octandrum is a species of flowering plant in the family Petiveriaceae. It was formerly placed in the pokeweed family, Phytolaccaceae. It is native to the Neotropics. It is known in English as hoopvine (Florida), black basket wythe, cooper's wythe, basket wiss or basket with, and hoop with. Common French names include liane pannier or liane a barques ('basket vine' or 'barrel vine'). Spanish names include bejuco canesta, sotacaballo, and pabello, (Puerto Rico, Central America, basket vine, substitute horse, or pavilion). The plant has medicinal and fiber uses.
Description
Trichostigma octandrum strongly resembles pigeonberry (Rivina humilis). These are shrubs or free-standing vines up to 10 m wide and 6 m tall, with hairless twining, trailing or climbing stems. The stems range from 4–15 cm in diameter. The leaves are entire 4–9 cm blades ovate on long petioles. The apex is short and glabrous. The flowers form clusters, 5–7 cm long in a narrow raceme with flowers on stalks 4–6 cm long. The oval sepals are reflexed away from the fruit, 4–6 mm long and glabrous. The fruit are reddish-purple fleshy oval berries 4–5 mm long. The pollinator is unknown, but may be mosquitoes. The plant is spread by birds, who eat the fruit, but is also cultivated as a decorative plant or bower, as a fiber, and for medicine.
Habitat and range
It is found Florida, Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean, and South America as far as Argentina. In Puerto Rico, it grows in farm and urban areas, where the species grows on roadsides, fencerows, woodlots, brushy pastures, brushy vacant lots, and stream bottom galleries. The shrub also covers windfalls, fences, rocks, and forms mounds of tangled stems to 2 m high in open areas. Hoopvine grows on soils of all textures in a wide range of pH's derived from both igneous, metamorphic (including ultramafics) and sedimentary (including limestone) rocks. In Puerto Rico, it grows in areas receiving from 900 to 2500 mm of precipitation. The plant also grows in tropical swamps near the edges of hammocks and brakes. It is most common near the coasts, but also occurs at rare intervals in the Florida Everglades.
Uses
Both the split stems and bast fibers have been used to make barrel hoops, baskets, bent furniture and crafts. Young leaves may be boiled and eaten as vegetables, discarding the bitter water. It is grown ornamentally and is a large sturdy plant that may be trained into bowers and enclosures. The purple juice from the berries stains, and may form a dye. Vegetative parts may be used for heart palpitations. A powder of the bark may be used to treat colds and water retention. Colombians use the leaves to help cure wounds. Hispaniolans use a tea to help with asthma or choking. The fruits are also used in medicines. Related genera Petivera and Phytolacca are known to have many bioactive compounds.
References
External links
Pictures of hoopvine on St. John Island Waynesword, Accessed 2010-11-23
Petiveriaceae
Plants described in 1909
Fiber plants
Harald Philip Hans von Sicard (born 17 May 1900) was a German-Russian-Swedish missiologist, ethnographer and folklorist. He was one of the pioneer scholars on Great Zimbabwe. He was awarded an honorary doctorate for his publications on its archeology and history as well as other topics. He is the father of the specialist on Christian-Muslim relations, Sigvard von Sicard.
Early life and education
von Sicard was born in St. Petersburg, Russia, the second son of bank clerk Ernst Heinrich von Sicard and Marie Amalie Westrén-Doll, a German father and Estonian mother.
von Sicard grew up in imperial Russia and attended St. Catherine's Secondary School in St. Petersburg. He graduated in 1918 with the Golden Medal award. He was registered in 1918 in the Faculty of Theology at the University of Dorpat (Tartu), Estonia, before moving to the University of Greifswald, Germany, in 1919. He continued his theological studies in the University of Berlin from 1921, graduating with a BTh degree in 1923. In 1925, he undertook further theological studies at the University of Uppsala, Sweden, in preparation for his ordination as a priest in the Church of Sweden.
Ministry
von Sicard was ordained in Uppsala in 1925 and accepted as a missionary by the Church of Sweden Mission in 1926 and sent to Kingsmead College, a component of the Selly Oak Colleges in Birmingham, England, to prepare for service in Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe). This was followed by a period of Shona language studies at the Dutch Reformed Church Morgenster Mission, near the Zimbabwe ruins.
After language studies, he was posted to Masase Mission in the Berengwa District where he met the Swedish Nurse/Midwife Karin Margareta Lindgren. They were married in 1929. After a home leave during 1931 and 1932, he was put in charge of the new mission at Gomotutu, also in the Berengwa District. He returned to Sweden in 1938 where he undertook research during the early years of World War II.
In 1943, he was requested by the Church of Sweden to travel to the US to consult with the American Lutheran Missions on behalf of the orphaned German Missions in East Africa. He was posted to Masase Mission between the years of 1944-1949. During 1951-1955, he was posted to start new work in the Beitbridge area. In 1957, he was promoted to Dean in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe).
Honours
Aawarded ThD h.c. by the University of Uppsala for his missiological, ethnographic and folkloristic work.
Awarded the Ordre des Palmes académiques by the French Government in 1959
Awarded the Order of the North Star by the Swedish Government in 1961
Research and selected publications
von Sicard's main interests were in areas of history, both oral and written, folklore, and theology of mission with particular interest in Africa:
Ngoma Lungundu, eine afrikanische Bundeslade. Studia Ethographica Upsaliensis, vol. 5, 1952.
Den kristna missionens historia. With K. B. Westman. Stockholm: Svenska Kyrkans Diakonistyrelses Bokförlag 1960. Translated and published as Geschichte der christlichen Mission. München: Chr. Kaiser Verlag, 1962.
Ngano dze Cikaranga/Karanga Märchen. Studia Ethographica Upsaliensis, vol 23, 1965.
Contos dos Quicos. Recolhidos e traduzidos por João Vicente Martins. Vorwort, Einleitung, Kommentar, Literatur – Namen- und Sachverzeichnis von Harald de Sicard. Lisboa: Companhia de Diamantes de Angola, 1971.
Numerous articles for peer-reviewed journals.
Reference
1900 births
German Protestant missionaries
Swedish Protestant missionaries
20th-century Swedish Lutheran priests
Year of death missing
Alice Min Soo Chun (born 1965) is the co-founder and CEO of Solight Design and the inventor of the SolarPuff.
Early life
Born in South Korea in 1965, to an architect father and painter mother. Chun and her parents moved to the United States in 1968, settling in Syracuse, New York.
As a teen Chun and her parents moved back to South Korea, but Alice wished to study and learn in the United States. Chun later returned to the US to study at and later graduate from the University of Pennsylvania.
Work
Chun became a professor of architectural design and material technology at Columbia University and Parsons School of Design. Chun focussed her work on solar energy and ways to bring solar energy into everyday living, beginning to prototype an inflatable solar light in 2008. In 2010, following the Haiti earthquake Chun challenged her class of design students to create a solar light solution that could be used immediately in disaster relief situations.
In 2011 Alice designed the SolarPuff, based on origami techniques to create a cube that inflates on it own, without the requirement to be inflated by mouth, which can pass on germs. By 2015 she launched a company Solar Design and crowdfunded the SolarPuff, raising nearly half a million dollars. At this time Chun stopped teaching to focus full-time on being a social entrepreneur.
As of 2019 the solar puff is available in twenty countries and sold commercially in the United States, with 10% of profits going to Chun's charity Studio Unite, benefiting refugees and people living in the developing world. The solar light has been extremely useful in reducing crime in refugee camps, with a 20% reduction in rape and sexual assault in Syrian camps.
In 2020, in response to COVID-19 and the waste seen in using non-recyclable surgical masks Chun and her team of designers produced the Seeus95 mask. The reusable mask is adhesive and made from clear silicone. As of January 2020, the kickstarter has raised over $380,000.
References
1965 births
American women chief executives
American chief executives of manufacturing companies
University of Pennsylvania alumni
American company founders
American women company founders
Living people
Columbia University faculty
21st-century American women
Antonio Hugo Seguí (; 11 January 1934 – 26 February 2022) was an Argentine cartoonist, painter, engraver, book illustrator, and sculptor, who lived and worked in Paris. Seguí's work has been collected and exhibited worldwide in and by art institutions such as MoMA, Buenos Aires Museum of Modern Art, and Centre Georges Pompidou, among others.
Biography
Seguí was born into a middle-class family in Córdoba, Argentina. The oldest son, he has three siblings. From 1951 to 1954 he traveled throughout Europe and Africa, and was a visiting student at the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando in Madrid and at the École nationale supérieure des beaux-arts in Paris, where he studied painting and sculpture. After his return to Argentina, he became a member of the editorial staff of the journal Orientación, a Cordovan publication that supported the candidacy for the Presidency of Arturo Frondizi.
In 1957 he had his first single solo exhibition in Argentina. He traveled through South and Central American countries and studied printmaking in Mexico. In 1961 he returned to his home country, and in 1963 he moved to Paris, where he lived and worked up until his death on 26 February 2022, at the age of 88.
Style
Seguí's works are generally possessed by a satirical sense of humor, critiquing society and human nature. Beyond this, Seguí's art has lyric components which transcended his satirical intentions.
One of the most characteristic features of Seguí's drawings and paintings is the presence of little men wearing hats. The artist stated that this came from memories of his childhood, during a time when men always wore hats in the public space.
A recurring theme in Seguí's work is urban life and its inhabitants which seem like speedy automatons that take immutable routes leading nowhere. Up close, each figure is an individual, walking around and doing all kinds of things. But from a distance, the individuals form complex patterns in a labyrinthic landscape. In many of his works a vast crowd of figures coverins the entire surface area of the canvas, like in Gente de las azoteas (1992), Se llamaba Charles Atlas (2001) or Pasar desapercibido (2001). But with a large number of his canvases the focus is on individual figures, like Sacando la Lengua (1965) and EI Fumador (1966).
In many paintings and drawings he represented figures remembering tango, which was considered by Seguí, a primary Argentinian myth. He executed various works related to the story of Carlos Gardel. In various of these works, he seems to suggest a close analogy between dancing the tango and the act of painting.
Seguí's artistic influences include Fernand Léger and Diego Rivera. From the 1960s on, Seguí followed a figurative tendency, but deliberately deformed the human figure, in a style that reminiscent of aspects art created by children and Outsider art. Some cubist techniques can be identified, in his repeated urban elements and in the importance of line and color to his work.
Awards and honour
During his career, Seguí has received several awards and recognitions. Some of them are the following:
Grand Prize awarded by the "National Museum of Western Art" at the V International Tokyo Biennial (1966).
First International Prize of Darmstadt (1967).
Grand Prize awarded at the Carcovia Biennial, Poland (1967).
Grand Prize awarded at the Biennial of San Juan, Puerto Rico (1968).
Grand Prize awarded at the Salon de Montrouge, France (1977).
Konex Prize Expressionist Painting (1982).
Instituto Torcuato Di Tella Award (1989).
Grand Prize National Fund of the Arts (1990).
Gold Medal XI Norwegian International Graphic Triennial (Argentine).
Konex Painting Prize: Quinquenio 1987 - 1991 (1992).
Konex Platinum Award: Graphic (2002).
Corresponding Member of the French Academy of Sciences and Arts.
References
External links
.
Antonio Seguí in MoMa.
Portrait of Antonio Seguí by Braun-Vega (1987)
1934 births
2022 deaths
Argentine painters
Argentine male painters
Argentine printmakers
Argentine sculptors
Argentine engravers
Argentine lithographers
Members of the Royal Academy of Belgium
Officiers of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
Argentine expatriates in France
People from Córdoba, Argentina
Found objects are sometimes used in music, often to add unusual percussive elements to a work. Their use in such contexts is as old as music itself, as the original invention of musical instruments almost certainly developed from the sounds of natural objects rather than from any specifically designed instruments.
Use in classical and experimental music
The use of found objects in modern classical music is often connected to experiments in indeterminacy and aleatoric music by such composers as John Cage and Karlheinz Stockhausen, although it has reached its ascendancy in those areas of popular music as well, such as the ambient works of Brian Eno. In Eno's influential work, found objects are credited on many tracks. The ambient music movement which followed Eno's lead has also made use of such sounds, with notable exponents being performers such as Future Sound of London and Autechre, and natural sounds have also been incorporated into many pieces of new-age music. Also other builders like Yuri Landman, Harry Partch (for example his famous cloud chamber bowl instrument), Pierre Bastien, Iner Souster often incorporate found material in their works. Erik Satie's Parade is also an example of this unconventional type of compositional practice.
Use in popular music
Einstürzende Neubauten became known for incorporating a wide range of found objects in their percussion gear. A more recent example of found objects being used as percussion instruments is Shawn "Clown" Crahan from the nu metal band Slipknot, who beats a beer keg with a baseball bat to the beat of the song. The Dodos also played a garbage bin as a part of their percussion gear. Wall of Voodoo drummer Joe Nanini would commonly use pots and pans instead of conventional drums. Many street drummers perform with empty plastic baskets.
The band Neptune uses VCR-casings, scrap metal and all kinds of other found objects to create experimental musical instruments.
Found objects have occasionally been featured in very well known pop songs: "You Still Believe In Me" from the Beach Boys' Pet Sounds features bicycle bells and horns as part of the orchestral arrangements.
Found sounds
The use of found objects in music takes one of two general forms: either objects are deliberately recorded, with their sound used directly or in processed form, or previous recordings are sampled for use as part of a work (the latter often being referred to simply as "found sound" or "sampling"). With the improvement and easy accessibility of sampling technology since the 1980s, this second method has flourished and is a major component of much modern popular music, particularly in such genres as hip hop.
Examples
Great Stalacpipe Organ
See also
Experimental musical instrument
Sampling (music)
Sound collage
References
Further reading
Martin J. Junker: Buchhaltung – Percussion octet with books. Norsk Musikforlag, Oslo 2011
Martin J. Junker: Pop up! – Percussion octet (quartet) for pop-up garden waste bags. Gretel-Verlag, Dinklage 2021 http://www.gretel-verlag.de/de/index.htm
Musical techniques
Found object
Experimental music
no:Objet trouvé
British Columbia House is a Grade II listed building at 1 and 3, Regent Street, Westminster, London.
Designed by architect Alfred Barr, British Columbia House was constructed in 1914 as the premises of the Agent-General of the Province of British Columbia, a position then held by John Herbert Turner. At the time of the building's official opening, in 1915, Turner had been replaced by Richard McBride, but McBride's death, in 1917, saw him return to the Agent-General's role.
The building is owned by the Crown Estate and is now a commercial building. It underwent a £8.5 million refurbishment in 2013.
References
Grade II listed buildings in the City of Westminster
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1915
The Star India v Leo Burnett case was heard before the Bombay High Court in 2003. The case revolved around using the TV show Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi as a basis for a Tide detergent commercial and whether this violated copyright law.
Facts of the case
Star India was the owner of the copyright in the serial Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu thi's theme and artistic work with which the title appeared on TV according to Clause 6 of the agreement between Star India and Balaji Telefilms.
Producers and Marketers of Tide detergent (the defendants) came up with the advertisement for Procter & Gamble showing a scene resembling climax of the TV show and displaying the artistic work appearing on TV with the words "kyunki bahu bhi kabhi saas banegi"
Star alleged that people will think that Star licensed or produced the advertisement. Also, Star paid a sum of money to acquire the copyright and Tide was alleged to be trying to encash upon Star's goodwill.
Defendants alleged that they independently created the advertisement. Further, it was the idea that was used and ideas are not copyrightable. The commercial was submitted to Star who did not find it objectionable. No average person would make to connect between the show and the ad. Lastly they argued that even if it is a copy, it is not a substantial copy.
Star replied saying that it copied the heart of the TV show, i.e. the climax episode.
Decision of Bombay High Court
High Court in this case stated that copy under Section 14 of the Copyright Act meant a physical copy. However, the plaintiffs in this case made a separate work. This was a material alteration as a completely different. The court looked at the similarities and dissimilarities between the show and the ad by comparing the entire show (87hours) with the 30 second advertisement. The work in question was held to be a "cinematographic film" under the Copyright Act. Any prudent person will not confuse between the two. Further, there was no scope for misrepresentation as the ad was aired on channels different from where Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu thi was aired so there was not effect of the ad on the show and the likelihood of damage was too remote.
As far as passing off action is concerned, the court held that there was no common field of activity. Further court held that "state of mind of the public" was necessary to see the goodwill of the characters in the TV soap. There was no material on record to show that people will associate the ad with the show.
See also
Procter & Gamble Co. v. OHIM
References
Bombay High Court
2003 in case law
Copyright case law
Indian case law
Indian television commercials
Procter & Gamble
The Walt Disney Company
The Haven is a 1909 novel by the British writer Eden Phillpotts. Whereas the author's previous breakthrough novel Lying Prophets had been set in Cornwall, The Haven is set in the fishing community of Brixham in Devon.
Adaptation
In 1921 it was adapted into the British silent film The Night Hawk starring Henri de Vries and Sydney Seaward.
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Hinton, Percival. Eden Phillpotts: A Bibliography of First Editions. Greville Worthington, 1931.
Meadowcroft, Charles William. The Place of Eden Phillpotts in English Peasant Drama. University of Pennsylvania, 1924.
1909 British novels
Works by Eden Phillpotts
British novels adapted into films
Novels set in Devon
XHOG-FM is a radio station on 101.7 FM in Ojinaga, Chihuahua. The station is owned by Grupo BM Radio and carries a grupera format known as La Primera.
History
XHOG began on AM as XEOG-AM 1260, awarded on January 6, 1959 to Ernesto R. Chapa Terrazas. In the 1960s, ownership passed to Sistema Radio Ranchito, S.A.
It migrated to FM in 2011.
References
Radio stations in Chihuahua
Ozawa Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 7.1 km2. The dam impounds about 11 ha of land when full and can store 946 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on and completed in 1965.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
The 300 MW Streator Cayuga Ridge South Wind Farm, located near Odell, Illinois, officially started generating power in March 2010. The developer received a $170 million grant through the U.S. Department of Treasury's Section 1603 grants-in-lieu-of-tax-credits program. About 300 construction jobs were created, and for every 10 wind turbines one full-time maintenance position has been created. The county also expects to receive about $3.3 million per year in tax revenue from the wind farm.
Many of the wind farm's turbines can be easily seen from Interstate 55.
See also
List of onshore wind farms
List of wind farms in the United States
References
Energy infrastructure completed in 2010
Buildings and structures in Livingston County, Illinois
Wind farms in Illinois
Cefa (, ) is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 2,272 people (2011). It is composed of three villages: Ateaș (Atyás), Cefa and Inand (Inánd). It also included five other villages until 2003, when they were split off to form Gepiu and Sânnicolau Român Communes.
The oldest attested name of Cefa is Chepha (1302).
References
Cefa
Localities in Crișana
Catherine St Aubyn (1760–1836) was a Cornish amateur artist.
Life
Catherine St Aubyn was born in 1760, she was the daughter of Sir John St Aubyn, 4th Baronet of the St Aubyn Baronetcy of Clowance, in the County of Cornwall. Her brother was the long-serving Member of Parliament and fossil collector Sir John St Aubyn, 5th Baronet. Her father was a friend and patron of the painter John Opie and he arranged for Catherine to have lessons. Her work is rare but there are a few of her works at St Michael's Mount.
She married on 26 June 1790 her cousin the Reverend John Molesworth who was the rector of St Breock in Cornwall. Her son inherited her share of the St Aubyn estates when she died in 1836. There is a window in the transept of St Breock Church with the inscription ″In memory of the Rev. John Molesworth, rector of this parish, who was buried in the chancel, Sept., 26th 1811, and of Catherine Molesworth, his wife, daughter of Sir John St. Aubyn, Bart., of Clowance.″
References
See also
1760 births
1836 deaths
18th-century English women artists
19th-century English women artists
18th-century English painters
19th-century English painters
Artists from Cornwall
Daughters of baronets
English women painters
SKDK (formerly SKDKnickerbocker) is a public affair and political consulting firm that specializes in working for Democratic Party politicians. It has offices in Washington, DC, New York City, Los Angeles, CA, and Albany, New York. The firm employs notable figures like former Obama White House Communications Director Anita Dunn, and Hilary Rosen.
History
The firm was formed in 2004 through the merger of Squier Knapp Dunn Communications and Knickerbocker Consulting. They formalized the merger in 2010, taking the name SKDKnickerbocker.
SKDK's political clients have included Barack Obama and Joe Biden, as well as the campaigns of Michael Bloomberg, Debbie Dingell, Joe Donnelly, Gary Peters, Michael Bennet, Josh Gottheimer, Seth Moulton, Joseph Morelle, Sara Jacobs, and Christine Quinn. The firm has also worked for several women's rights advocates including Planned Parenthood, lawyer and activist Sandra Fluke, the Center for Reproductive Rights, and the Time's Up Legal Defense Fund.
In 2011 SKDK was hired by New York Governor Andrew Cuomo to lead the public campaign to build support for the state's legalization of gay marriage. In 2014 SKDK lead the communications war room for the Human Rights Council during two landmark Supreme Court decisions affirming the right to marriage for gay couples.
In 2014 SKDK Partner Jill Zuckman led the pro-bono public relations campaign that led to the Cuban government releasing American political prisoner Alan Gross. The release led to an improvement in U.S.-Cuba relations.
In October 2015 the firm was acquired by The Stagwell Group, of which Mark Penn is the principal, for an estimated $75 million.
In 2018 SKDK Partner Hilary Rosen co-founded the Time's Up Legal Defense Fund. The firm also represented Christine Blasey Ford during the Senate confirmation hearings for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
In February 2020 the firm acquired Sloane & Co. from MDC Partners. Sloane & Co. operates as an independent unit of SKDK that offers services including mergers and acquisitions support, shareholder activism and governance, regulatory issues, investor relations, restructuring and media campaigns.
Political consulting and communications
SKDK provides political consulting services to political candidates, campaigns, and issue advocacy groups. SKDK describes itself as a full-service public affairs practice that offers crisis communications, branding, marketing, media training, digital/social media advice, speech writing, and message development.
Ben White of Politico wrote in an April 2014 email blast that an unnamed senior Democrat said that "It's an open secret in the Dem consultant community that SKD has been signing up clients based on 'perceived White House access' tied to prior relationships and employment." Conservative website National Review Online noted that Rosen's name appears frequently on the White House visitor log. However, the firm does not meet the standard, legal definition of lobbying and is not registered to lobby the federal government. SKDK was embroiled in controversy when it received a $35 million no-bid contract for voter turnout-out work in California.
References
External links
Political consulting firms
Public relations companies based in Washington, D.C.
Consulting firms established in 2004
2004 establishments in Washington, D.C.
The 1942 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College during the 1942 college football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
The following lists events that happened during 1940 in Afghanistan.
Internal economic development is furthered by increasing the availability of land for cultivation, by assistance to the sugar-beet industry, and by official sanction of a scheme for the formation of a joint-stock company to coordinate the work of the country's cotton pressing, spinning, and weaving factories. Special taxation is imposed for the purchase of arms from abroad and the construction of two radio stations and three railway lines.
Incumbents
Monarch – Mohammed Zahir Shah
Prime Minister – Mohammad Hashim Khan
January 1940
Obligatory national service for all males over 17 is decreed.
Early 1940
Archaeology benefits by the discovery of the long-buried city of Begram, the ancient capital at the time of the Greek domination, by the French research expedition (withdrawn in July) under Prof. Joseph Hackin.
July 1940
A trade agreement with the U.S.S.R. is signed, under which Afghanistan exchanges wool, casings, skins, and herbs against textiles, salt, sugar, and kerosene.
August 17, 1940
Parliament is opened at Kabul, and the king says that the country is pursuing a policy consistent with a declaration of neutrality, and that political and economic relations between Afghanistan and the belligerent powers are very cordial. However, he stresses the necessity of being prepared and united in view of current external events.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Áine Codd is a camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2004 and an Ireland medal in 2007.
Career
She played camogie for Presentation Wexford and was UCD camogie player of the year for 2001. She was nominated for further All Star awards in 2005, 2006 and 2007
Other Awards
She is a daughter of Kit Codd (née Kehoe), former All-Ireland medal winner with Dublin (1965 and 1966) and her native Wexford (1975). Kit also won Gael Linn Cup medals with Leinster in 1965 and 1968, and was on Wexford's first National League-winning team in 1977-'78. Áine's aunts, Bridget, Gretta, Josie and Annie, won All-Ireland Senior medals with Wexford. Two more aunts, Bernie and Eileen, played in All-Ireland finals in the Ireland Junior and Senior grades. Áine's first cousins include Irish soccer international Kevin Doyle (Bernie's son), current Wexford Senior footballer Kieran Kennedy (Annie's son), and current Wexford Senior hurler Harry Kehoe. In 1996, Áine's brother, Tomás, and brother-in-law, Tom Dempsey, won Winner of All-Ireland Senior medals in hurling medals with Wexford. Her sister, Máire, played with Wexford in the 1992 Winner of All-Ireland Senior medals in camogie final. Áine is married to Monaghan man Micheál McGuinness.
Codd Confusion
Aine is not a blood relative of Deirdre Codd of Duffry Rovers who is also a member of the Wexford Camogie team.
References
External links
Diet profile in Irish Independent 10 September 2007
Living people
Wexford camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
UCD camogie players
Hoffman's Chocolates is a manufacturer of chocolates in Florida. The business is based in Greenacres, Florida and includes several retail locations in South Florida. Established in 1975, Hoffman's is the largest manufacturer of chocolate in Florida.
Hoffman's has been a favorite local brand for residents of Palm Beach County and is especially popular with the substantial Jewish population as a source of Kosher O-U chocolates
Randall Vitale is the President of Hoffman's Chocolates.
The Hoffman's Chocolates factory is a tourist destination that includes at 30 ft observation window of operations. The company makes elaborate December holiday displays and offers products such as gift baskets and chocolate covered pretzels. Offerings include the "Snoodle" and Pecan Caramel "Jitterbugs."
Hoffman's Chocolates was named one of "America's Best Chocolate Shops" by Bon Appétit magazine and was featured in the Wall Street Journal as having the "best overall Easter basket in the nation" March 2000.
In 2009 Hoffman's Chocolates acquired Good Fortunes, a made-to-order custom fortune cookie company. In 2010 Hoffman's Chocolate also purchased Boca Bons, a premium wholesale brand that features elaborate packaging. As of 2012 the company has made plans to continue to expand its retail locations throughout the South Florida.
In December 2013, Hoffman's Chocolates was purchased by BBX Capital Corporation.
References
Further reading
External links
Official Website
Chocolate Hampers
American chocolate companies
Companies based in Palm Beach County, Florida
Kosher food
Philipp Plank (born 11 June 1995) is an Austrian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Kapfenberger SV of the Erste Liga.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
|2019 ISL
References
1995 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
2. Liga (Austria) players
SK Rapid Wien players
SC Ritzing players
Kapfenberger SV players
People from Scheibbs District
Austrian Regionalliga players
Footballers from Lower Austria
Christopher Steven Seelbach (born November 14, 1979) is an American politician. He made history in 2011 when he became the first openly gay politician elected to the Cincinnati City Council. On May 20, 2013 the White House named Seelbach a national Harvey Milk "Champion of Change" for his commitment to equality and public service.
College and early career
Seelbach was born in Louisville, Kentucky. He moved to Cincinnati in 1998. After founding the first gay-straight alliance at Xavier University, he graduated from the university with a degree in business administration and attended law school at the University of Dayton. While in law school, he worked on the council staff of Vice-Mayor David Crowley, with whom he became friends, and was employed by Crowley's 2005 re-election campaign. Seelbach also became involved in the campaign to repeal Article 12, a law which forbade the city council from passing any protections for gay men and lesbians, which was repealed in 2004. In 2014, Seelbach completed Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government program for Senior Executives in State and Local Government as a David Bohnett LGBTQ Victory Institute Leadership Fellow.
Cincinnati City Council
Seelbach was elected to the Cincinnati City Council in 2011. There are a total of 9 Cincinnati City Council members and all are at-large, representing the entire city.
His campaign for the city council was backed financially by the Victory Fund.
Seelbach has previously served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of a small marketing/consulting business, the Seidewitz Group.
On August 2, 2012 Seelbach was announced to be one of the winners of the Cincinnati Business Courier's 2012 Forty under 40 winners. Seelbach was also recognized in the Venue Magazine Fall 2012 edition as one of the "Great Leaders under 40."
Gang of Five
In 2018, Seelbach was caught participating in the "Gang of Five" a group of five city council members who met via secret text messages. They attempted to undermine the elected mayor and bypass public meetings and debates.
In March 2019, the Gang of Five agreed to turn over their text messages in order to settle a lawsuit filed by a local anti-tax activist. Among the text messages were juvenile discussions of city employees' sexuality, messages mocking members of the public who attended council meetings or contacted the city council. The text messages were made searchable and posted on the website of the law firm that brought the suit against the Gang of Five.
In June 2019 additional text messages were released as a result of a lawsuit filed by Sinclair Media reporter Angenette Levy in which it was revealed that Seelbach and P.G. Sittenfeld strategized to highlight and capitalize on racial tensions to protect the then city Manager (Harry Black). This release also included text messages in which Seelbach discussed promises he extracted from Black in exchange for Seelbach's support, and Seelbach and other council members discussing Black's habit of making late night drunken phone calls to city officials and reporters. Text messages also revealed that Black had engaged in efforts to suppress dissent among city employees, including chastising a city employee after she testified before council about the death of a teenager when 911 operators and Cincinnati police were unable to locate the teen. Despite all these concerns, Seelbach opposed efforts to fire Black.
The Gang of Five's efforts cost the City approximately $500,000 as it resulted in additional costs to fire a city manager, and costs to hire outside lawyers to defend the lawsuit and ultimately in paying the fines and attorney fees as part of the agreed order resolving the lawsuit. Another lawsuit for additional records is pending before the Ohio Supreme Court, State ex rel. Cincinnati Enquirer v. Cincinnati, Ohio Supreme Court Case No. 2019-0599.
Election history
Italic type indicates incumbent.
References
External links
Official website
1979 births
Cincinnati City Council members
Ohio Democrats
Xavier University alumni
University of Dayton alumni
Gay politicians
LGBT city councillors from the United States
LGBT people from Ohio
LGBT people from Kentucky
Living people
Politicians from Louisville, Kentucky
21st-century American politicians
21st-century LGBT people
The Nova Scotian Institute of Science is a Canadian non-profit organization that promotes scientific research in Nova Scotia.
Founded in 1862 and incorporated by an act of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in 1890, the Institute is one of the oldest learned societies in Canada, providing members and the public an opportunity to communicate about scientific research.
Monthly meetings are held at the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History in addition to public lectures and panel discussions. The Institute publishes the peer-reviewed journal The Proceedings of the Nova Scotian Institute of Science and has a library housed at the Killam Library on the Studley Campus of Dalhousie University.
External links
Nova Scotian Institute of Science
Educational organizations based in Nova Scotia
Scientific organizations based in Canada
Events from the 1540s in England.
Incumbents
Monarch – Henry VIII (until 28 January 1547), then Edward VI
Regent – Catherine, Queen Consort (starting 15 July, until 30 September 1544)
Lord Protector – Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset (starting 4 February 1547, until 11 October 1549)
Parliament – 7th of King Henry VIII (until 24 July 1540), 8th of King Henry VIII (starting 16 January 1542, until 28 March 1544), 9th of King Henry VIII (starting 23 November 1545, until 31 January 1547), 1st of King Edward VI (starting 4 November 1547)
Events
1540
January – Shap Abbey and Dunstable Priory are closed down as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
1 January – King Henry VIII meets Anne of Cleves in person for the first time, informally at Rochester.
2 January – Gloucester Abbey is surrendered to the Crown as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
6 January – King Henry VIII marries Anne of Cleves, his fourth Queen consort.
14 January – Southwark Priory in London is surrendered to the Crown as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
29 January – Bolton Abbey, a Yorkshire priory, is closed down as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
16 February – Thetford Priory is closed down as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
23 March – Waltham Abbey is the last abbey to close as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
April – the cathedral priories of Canterbury and Rochester are transformed into secular cathedral chapters, concluding the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
9 July – Henry divorces Anne of Cleves.
28 July – Thomas Cromwell is executed on order from the king on charges of treason in public on Tower Hill, London. Henry marries his fifth wife, Catherine Howard, on the same day at Oatlands Palace.
Summer – Council of the West last sits.
17 September – Anglican Diocese of Westminster created.
Statute of Wills makes it possible to dispose of real estate by will.
"Big Sun Year": Great heat and drought.
Regius Professorships endowed at the University of Cambridge.
Publication of The Byrth of Mankynde, the first printed book in English on obstetrics, and one of the first published in England to include engraved plates.
1541
18 June – by the Crown of Ireland Act, the Parliament of Ireland declares King Henry VIII of England and his heirs to be Kings of Ireland, replacing the Lordship of Ireland with the Kingdom of Ireland.
Early summer – Collyer's School opens to scholars in Horsham.
14 August – Anglican Diocese of Chester created.
3 September – the Anglican Diocese of Gloucester is created from part of the Diocese of Worcester with John Wakeman (last Abbot of Tewkesbury) as first Bishop of Gloucester.
Anglican Diocese of Peterborough formed.
Unlawful Games Act prohibits "Several new devised Games" as part of the promotion of archery.
Berkhamsted School founded by John Incent, Dean of St Paul's.
The King's School, Canterbury, King's School, Chester, The King's School, Ely, King's School, Gloucester, The King's (The Cathedral) School, Peterborough, King's School, Rochester and King's School, Worcester are established (or re-endowed) by Henry VIII.
John Brooke and Sons established at Armitage Bridge in West Yorkshire as textile manufacturers; the business will still exist in family hands into the 21st century.
1542
13 February – Catherine Howard, the fifth wife of Henry VIII, is executed in the Tower of London for adultery.
4 June – the Anglican Diocese of Bristol is created from part of the newly formed Diocese of Gloucester with Paul Bush as first Bishop of Bristol.
24 August – Battle of Haddon Rig: Scottish victory over the English.
4 September – the earliest recorded Preston Guild Court in the modern sequence, which lasts unbroken until 1922.
September – Anglican Diocese of Oxford formed.
24 November – Battle of Solway Moss: English victory over the Scots.
Witchcraft Act first defines witchcraft as a felony, punishable by death (repealed 1547).
Muster rolls are compiled in the counties.
1543
11 February – Henry allies with Emperor Charles V against France.
March – Consolidating Act of Welsh Union: Parliament establishes counties and regularises parliamentary representation in Wales.
1 July – Treaty of Greenwich between England and Scotland (repudiated by Scotland 11 December).
12 July – King Henry VIII marries his sixth and final wife, Catherine Parr, at Hampton Court Palace.
4 August – three Protestant Windsor Martyrs suffer death by burning.
Thomas Tallis becomes a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal.
1544
March – Third Succession Act, reinstating Princesses Mary and Elizabeth to the line of succession to the English throne, given Royal Assent (having been passed by Parliament in July 1543).
April – posthumous publication of Cardinal John Fisher's Psalmi seu precationes in the original and in an anonymous English translation by its sponsor, Queen Catherine Parr.
3 May – Edward Seymour, Earl of Hertford captures Leith and Edinburgh from Scotland, start of the first major campaign in the Rough Wooing.
19 July–18 September – Italian War of 1542–1546: Henry VIII leads the First Siege of Boulogne in France.
Thomas Cranmer's "Exhortation and Litany" is issued, the first officially authorised vernacular church service in English.
Second programme of construction of Device Forts for defence of the Solent is ordered.
English coinage debased.
1545
27 February – Scottish victory over the English at the Battle of Ancrum Moor.
29 May – publication of Catherine Parr's Prayers or Meditations, the first book published by an English queen under her own name, and the King's Primer, another devotional work overseen by her.
July – Italian Wars: Attempted French invasion of the Isle of Wight.
18–19 July – Battle of the Solent between English and French fleets. On 19 July, Henry VIII's flagship, the Mary Rose, sinks.
c.21 July – Battle of Bonchurch on the Isle of Wight: The French are defeated.
Sir Thomas Cawarden becomes the first Master of the Revels to be head of an independent office.
Roger Ascham's Toxophilus, the first book on archery written in English, is published.
Thomas Phaer's The Boke of Chyldren, the first book on paediatrics written in English, is published.
First published edition of Sir John Fortescue's De laudibus legum Angliae (written c.1471).
1546
24 April – Navy Board established.
7 June – Treaty of Ardres ends the Italian War of 1542–1546; Henry VIII promises eventual return of Boulogne to France.
4 November – Christ Church, Oxford, refounded as a college by Henry VIII under this name.
19 December – Trinity College, Cambridge, founded by Henry VIII.
Regius Professorship of Hebrew at the University of Oxford established by Henry VIII.
1547
19 January – execution of Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey, for treason.
28 January – King Henry VIII dies at the Palace of Whitehall and is succeeded by his 9-year-old son Edward VI as King.
31 January – Edward Seymour becomes regent of England.
20 February – Edward VI is crowned at Westminster Abbey.
4 April – Catherine Parr, widow of King Henry VIII, secretly marries Thomas Seymour, 1st Baron Seymour of Sudeley.
10 September – Battle of Pinkie: An English army under Edward Seymour, now the Duke of Somerset, defeats a Scottish army under James Hamilton, 2nd Earl of Arran, the Regent. The English seize Edinburgh.
Edward Seymour begins the construction of Somerset House, London.
Treason Act makes it high treason to interrupt the line of succession to the throne established by the Act of Succession; and requires two witnesses to prove a charge of treason.
Six Articles repealed.
Dissolution of Colleges Act allows St Stephen's Chapel in the Palace of Westminster to become the meeting place of the House of Commons of England.
King James's School, Almondbury, West Yorkshire, founded as a chantry school.
1548
Dissolution of collegiate churches and chantries:
Beverley Minster in Yorkshire is suppressed as a collegiate church on Easter Sunday.
Howden Minster in Yorkshire is suppressed as a collegiate church.
Destruction of the religious colleges of Glasney and Crantock in Cornwall end the formal scholarship that has helped sustain the Cornish language and cultural identity.
King's School, Pontefract, re-founded.
Clergy Marriage Act 1548 removes bars to clerical marriage.
John Bale writes Kynge Johan, the earliest English historical drama.
Edward Hall's The Union of the Two Noble and Illustre Families of Lancastre and Yorke ("Hall's Chronicle") is published posthumously.
1549
15 January – Act of Uniformity imposes the Book of Common Prayer.
9 June
Book of Common Prayer (The Booke of the Common Prayer) introduced in churches.
Prayer Book Rebellion against the Book of Common Prayer breaks out at Sampford Courtenay in Devon and in Cornwall.
July – Kett's Rebellion in Norfolk against land enclosures; rebellion in Oxfordshire against landowners associated with religious changes.
6 August – Prayer Book Rebellion: Battle of Clyst Heath – John Russell, 1st Earl of Bedford defeats rebels.
8 August – France declares war on England.
9 August – England declares war on France.
17 August – Battle of Sampford Courtenay: Prayer Book rebellion quashed.
26 August – Battle of Dussindale, near Norwich: Kett's Rebellion quashed.
10 October – Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset loses the position of Lord Protector, John Dudley, Earl of Warwick assumes his powers but does not acquire the title.
5 December – Cardinal Reginald Pole receives 26 votes at the Papal conclave, only two short of the requisite two-thirds majority to be elected as Pope.
December – Sternhold and Hopkins Psalter () is published.
Putting away of Books and Images Act 1549 passed.
The spire of Lincoln Cathedral is blown down.
Births
1540
24 January – Edmund Campion, Jesuit and Roman Catholic martyr (died 1581)
25 February – Henry Howard, 1st Earl of Northampton, courtier and scholar (died 1614)
c. February or March – Sir Francis Drake, explorer and soldier (died 1596)
11 June – Barnabe Googe, poet (died 1594)
William Byrd, composer (died 1623)
George Hastings, Earl of Huntingdon, nobleman (died 1604)
Christopher Hatton, politician (died 1591)
1541
Walter Devereux, 1st Earl of Essex, nobleman (died 1576)
1542
5 May – Thomas Cecil, 1st Earl of Exeter, politician (died 1623)
6 June – Richard Grenville, soldier and explorer (died 1591)
1543
8 November – Lettice Knollys, lady-in-waiting to Queen Elizabeth I (died 1634)
Thomas Deloney, novelist and balladeer (died 1600)
Douglas Sheffield, Baroness Sheffield, née Howard, lover of Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester (died 1608)
1544
April – Thomas Fleming, judge (died 1613)
24 May – William Gilbert, scientist (died 1603)
Richard Bancroft, Archbishop of Canterbury (died 1610)
Thomas Hobson, carrier and origin of the phrase "Hobson's choice" (died 1631)
John Knewstub, Puritan (died 1624)
George Whetstone, writer (died 1587)
1545
2 March – Thomas Bodley, diplomat and library founder (died 1613)
Nicholas Breton, poet and novelist (died 1626)
John Field, Puritan clergyman and controversialist (died 1588)
John Gerard, botanist (died 1612)
1546
13 June – Tobias Matthew, archbishop of York (died 1628)
24 June – Robert Persons, Jesuit priest (died 1610)
Thomas Digges, astronomer (died 1595)
1547
Peter Bales, calligrapher (died 1610)
George Carey, Baron Hunsdon, politician (died 1603)
Richard Stanyhurst, translator of Virgil (died 1618)
1548
William Stanley, soldier (died 1630)
1549
12 July – Edward Manners, Earl of Rutland (died 1587)
30 November – Sir Henry Savile, educator (died 1622)
John Rainolds, scholar and Bible translator (died 1607)
Deaths
1540
c. January – Elizabeth Blount, mistress of King Henry VIII (born 1502)
28 July – Thomas Cromwell, 1st Earl of Essex, statesman (executed) (born c. 1485)
30 July
Thomas Abel, priest (martyred) (born c. 1497)
Robert Barnes, reformer (martyred) (born 1495)
1541
27 May – Margaret Pole, Countess of Salisbury, courtier (executed) (born 1473)
24 November – Margaret Tudor, daughter of King Henry VII and queen of James IV of Scotland (born 1489)
10 December – Thomas Culpeper, courtier (executed) (year of birth unknown)
1542
13 February – Catherine Howard, fifth wife of King Henry VIII (executed) (born c. 1522)
3 March – Arthur Plantagenet, 1st Viscount Lisle, illegitimate son of King Edward IV (year of birth unknown 1461–1475)
6 October – Thomas Wyatt, poet and diplomat (born 1503)
1543
19 July – Mary Boleyn, mistress of Kings Francis I of France and Henry VIII of England (born 1500)
20 September – Thomas Manners, 1st Earl of Rutland (born 1492)
October/November – Hans Holbein the Younger, painter (born c. 1497 in Germany)
Margaret Lee, lady-in-waiting, sister of poet Thomas Wyatt (born 1506)
1544
30 April – Thomas Audley, 1st Baron Audley of Walden, Lord Chancellor (born 1488)
1545
April/October – William Latimer, churchman and scholar (born c. 1467)
May – Agnes Howard, Duchess of Norfolk, noblewoman (born c. 1477)
24 August – Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk, politician and husband of Mary Tudor (born c. 1484)
18 October – John Taverner, composer (born c. 1490)
1546
26 March – Thomas Elyot, diplomat and scholar (born c. 1490)
16 July – Anne Askew, Protestant (burned at the stake) (born 1521)
1547
19 January – Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey, nobleman, politician and poet (executed) (born c.1517)
28 January – King Henry VIII (born 1491)
c. May – Edward Hall, chronicler and lawyer (born c.1496)
October or November – John Redford, composer, poet and playwright (born c. 1500)
1548
7 September – Catherine Parr, queen of Henry VIII (born c. 1512)
1549
10 March – Thomas Seymour, 1st Baron Seymour of Sudeley, politician and diplomat (born 1508)
April – Andrew Boorde, traveller (born 1490)
15 April – Henry Somerset, Earl of Worcester (born 1496)
7 December – Robert Kett, rebel (executed) (year of birth unknown)
References
Yury Nazarov (born November 13, 1992) is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Amur Khabarovsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Nazarov made his Kontinental Hockey League debut playing with Metallurg Novokuznetsk during the 2010–11 KHL season.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Amur Khabarovsk players
Metallurg Novokuznetsk players
Russian ice hockey forwards
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Universiade bronze medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 2013 Winter Universiade
People from Novokuznetsk
Sportspeople from Kemerovo Oblast
María Marta Molinas Cabrera (born 1968) is a Paraguayan electrical engineer, educated in Japan, who works in Norway as a professor of engineering cybernetics at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU).
Research
Molinas has performed research on the control theory and stability of power electronics, and harmonics in electrical power.
She is also interested in signal processing for electroencephalography (EEG). Her research in this area has led to the development of systems for controlling drones or other objects using brain signals, and she hopes to use her work on brain signals not only to read information from brains but to provide therapies for attention deficit disorders, sleep disorders, and pain management.
Education and career
Molinas grew up in Argentina and Paraguay, and completed a diploma in electromechanical engineering at the Universidad Nacional de Asunción in 1992. She earned a master's degree in engineering from the University of the Ryukyus in 1997, with a master's thesis on Enhancement of Power System Stability based on the Application of Series Capacitors. She completed a doctorate (Dr. Eng.) from the Tokyo Institute of Technology in 2000. Her dissertation was Power System Stability Control based on Phase Angle Regulation.
After working as a guest researcher at the University of Padova and a postdoctoral researcher at NTNU, she joined the NTNU faculty in 2008.
Recognition
Molinas is a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters.
References
External links
Living people
Paraguayan women engineers
Paraguayan electrical engineers
Universidad Nacional de Asunción alumni
Tokyo Institute of Technology alumni
Norwegian University of Science and Technology faculty
Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters
21st-century women engineers
1968 births
The Way It Is may refer to:
Music
The Way It Is (Bruce Hornsby album), by Bruce Hornsby and the Range
"The Way It Is" (song), the title song
The Way It Is (Glenn Hughes album), or the title song
The Way It Is (John Williamson album), 1999
The Way It Is (Keyshia Cole album), 2005
The Way It Is (Snowy White album), or the title song
The Way It Is, a 2000 album by Madasun
"The Way It Is", a song by The Strokes from album Room on Fire
"The Way It Is", a song by Simon Townshend from album Among Us
"The Way It Is", a song by The Sheepdogs from their self-titled album, The Sheepdogs
"The Way It Is", a song by Nicole Atkins from her album Neptune City
"The Way It Is", a song by Tesla from their album The Great Radio Controversy
"The Way It Is", a song by Emily Williams released as a single
Other uses
Keyshia Cole: The Way It Is, a 2006–2008 American reality TV series
The Way It Is (TV series), a Canadian TV newsmagazine show of the 1960s
The Way It Is (film), a 1985 American film
The Way It Is (programme), a 1998–2001 British satirical radio series
The Way It Is: New and Selected Poems, a 1999 posthumous collection by William Stafford
See also
That's the Way It Is (disambiguation)
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a defender for Giravanz Kitakyushu.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Association football defenders
Giravanz Kitakyushu players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Moshe Zar (born 1938) is a religious Zionist, a former member of the terrorist organization "Jewish Underground", and Israeli settler leader in the northern West Bank. He has been buying land from individual Palestinians since 1979.
Zar is a long-time friend of former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon from their service in Unit 101. He was wounded in the 1956 Sinai Campaign, and lost his left eye as a result of his injuries. In 1983, he was attacked and stabbed by a group of Palestinians, but survived.
In 1984, he was convicted of membership in the terrorist organization the "Jewish Underground" of the early 1980s, and sentenced to three years in prison for his part in the assassination of Palestinian mayors, but only spent a few months in jail. His wife Yael is quoted by the Israeli newspaper Haaretz as having said at the time: "The underground is not a stage in the life of the Zar family, but a stage in the life of the nation."
After one of his eight children, his son Gilad, a security officer of the Shomron Regional Council, was killed in an ambush on May 29, 2001, he vowed that he would establish six settlements in his son's memory, one for each Hebrew letter of his name. The settlement outpost Ramat Gilad was established in 2001, the outpost Havat Gilad was established in 2002 and has been dismantled by the Israeli military forces several times, leading to violent clashes between settlers and security forces.
References
1938 births
Living people
Israeli settlers
Israeli Jews
People from Jerusalem
Israeli military personnel
Jewish religious terrorism
People convicted on terrorism charges
Failed assassins
In Trump We Trust: E Pluribus Awesome! is a 2016 book by American far-right commentator and author Ann Coulter in support of Donald Trump and his 2016 campaign for the presidency of the United States. The e-book was a New York Times bestseller in September 2016.
By the end of Trump's term in office, Coulter's endorsement of Trump had turned upside down. While refusing to acknowledge that she was misguided in boosting Trump's candidacy in 2016, Coulter in 2021 said, "Trump betrayed his own supporters at every turn ... I hate him. He's a betrayer."
References
Further reading
External links
After Words interview with Coulter on In Trump We Trust, August 26, 2016
2016 non-fiction books
Anti-immigration politics in the United States
Books by Ann Coulter
Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign
Books about the 2016 United States presidential election
Books about Donald Trump
Books about the Trump administration
English-language books
Sentinel (publisher) books
For the hip hop artist, see Alrad Lewis.
Boola is a town and sub-prefecture in the forest region in the Beyla Prefecture in the Republic of Guinea.
Sub-prefectures of the Nzérékoré Region
Audrius Žuta (born 5 January 1969) is a Lithuanian former football player and referee.
Career
He obtained a total number of 26 caps for the Lithuania national football team, scoring two goals. After retirement from playing he worked as football referee from 2002 until 2007.
References
1969 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belarus
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Latvia
FK Atlantas players
FK Sirijus Klaipėda players
FC Dinamo Minsk players
FK Kareda Kaunas players
FK Ventspils players
FBK Kaunas footballers
FK Žalgiris players
Lithuanian football referees
Association football midfielders
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Belarus
Pentremites is an extinct genus of blastoid echinoderm belonging to the family Pentremitidae.
Description
These stalked echinoderms averaged a height of about but occasionally ranged up to about 3 times that size. They, like other blastoids, superficially resemble their distant relatives, the crinoids or sea lilies, having a near-identical, planktivorous lifestyle living on the sea floor attached by a stalk. As with all other blastoids, species of Pentremites trapped food floating in the currents by means of tentacle-like appendages.
Pentremites species lived in the early to middle Carboniferous, from 360.7 to 314.6 Ma. Its fossils are known from North America.
References
Fossils (Smithsonian Handbooks) by David Ward (Page 190)
Blastozoa genera
Carboniferous echinoderms of North America
Fossils of Georgia (U.S. state)
Paleozoic life of Alberta
Paleozoic life of the Northwest Territories
Paleozoic life of Yukon
Rachel Mann (born 1970) is a British Anglican priest, poet and feminist theologian. She is a trans woman who writes, speaks and broadcasts on a wide range of topics including gender, sexuality and religion.
Early life and education
Mann was born in 1970. She grew up in Worcestershire, in the village of Hartlebury, and attended Stourport-On-Severn High School. Between 1988 and 1991, she studied philosophy at Lancaster University and completed an M.A. at the same university from 1992 to 1993. She studied for a PhD in philosophy at Lancaster and was a teaching fellow from 1994 to 1996. From 2003 to 2005, she trained for ordained ministry at Queen's College, Birmingham, an ecumenical theological college. She holds an M.A. in creative writing from The Manchester Writing School and she undertook postgraduate studies in the Bible and 19th-century literature at Manchester Metropolitan University. Her doctoral thesis was titled "The representation of fecundity and barrenness in the poetry of Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Christina Rossetti, and the Bible: a critical and creative interrogation of a Christian-feminist poetics", and was completed in 2017.
Ordained ministry
Mann was ordained in the Church of England as a deacon in 2005 and as a priest in 2006. She served her curacy at St Matthew's Church, Stretford in the Diocese of Manchester. Between 2008 and 2017, she was Priest-in-Charge at the Church of St Nicholas, Burnage, before being appointed its Rector in 2018. Between 2009 and 2017, she was also Resident Poet at Manchester Cathedral. In 2017, she was made an honorary canon of Manchester Cathedral. Between February 2018 and the end of its extended quinquennium in July 2021, she was a member of the General Synod of the Church of England, having been elected by the clergy of the Diocese of Manchester.
In June 2021, she left St Nicholas Burnage to become full-time Area Dean of Bury and Rossendale. In the elections for the 2021-2026 Quinquennium, Mann was re-elected as a member of the Church of England's General Synod for Manchester.
Views
Mann belongs to the modern Catholic tradition of the Church of England, though she was brought up an Evangelical-Charismatic Christian. She supports the full inclusion of the LGBT people in the church. Since 2020, Mann is a patron of the Open Table Network, an ecumenical Christian community for LGBT people and their allies.
Author
She is the author of Dazzling Darkness: Gender, Sexuality, Illness & God (Glasgow: Wild Goose 2012) and The Risen Dust: Poems and Stories of Passion & Resurrection (Glasgow: Wild Goose 2013), both published by the publishing arm of the Iona Community. Mann is also a contributor to Fear and Friendship: Anglicans Engaging With Islam (Continuum 2012) and several books on liturgical theology, including Presiding Like a Woman (SPCK 2010). Her book about the First World War and Ritual, Fierce Imaginings: The Great War, Ritual, Memory & God (London: D.L.T. 2017) was shortlisted for the 2019 Michael Ramsey Prize for Theological Writing.
In 2018, she was appointed Visiting Teaching Fellow in Creative Writing and English at the Manchester Writing School, Manchester Metropolitan University. She is also a visiting scholar at Sarum College.
In 2019, Carcanet published her debut full poetry collection, A Kingdom of Love. The collection was Highly Commended in the 2020 Forward Prizes for Poetry. In 2020, her debut novel, ‘'The Gospel of Eve'', was published by D.L.T.
Mann is a regular contributor to The Church Times and contributes to BBC Radio 2's Pause For Thought and BBC Radio 4's The Daily Service and Prayer For The Day. She also writes about progressive music, metal and folk for Prog Magazine, an offshoot of Classic Rock Magazine, and The Quietus.
Selected works
References
External links
Personal website
1970 births
Living people
21st-century English Anglican priests
Transgender women
Transgender writers
LGBT Anglican clergy
21st-century English poets
English feminist writers
21st-century English theologians
English women poets
English Anglican theologians
Christian feminist theologians
Anglican poets
21st-century English women writers
English Anglo-Catholics
Anglo-Catholic clergy
Alumni of the Queen's Foundation
Alumni of Manchester Metropolitan University
Alumni of Lancaster University
Members of the General Synod of the Church of England
Peter Schuyff (born 1958 Baarn, Netherlands) is an internationally exhibited Dutch-born American painter, musician and sculptor. In 1967 moved with his family to Vancouver, Canada. Schuyff's mother was an artist and his father a professor of economics at Simon Fraser University. Peter became fascinated with the radical views of the art world in the 60s and 70s and especially with such famous figures as Andy Warhol and Willem de Kooning. He was raised in Canada and was schooled in art at the Vancouver School of Art.
During the 1980s Schuyff moved to Manhattan's East Village and along with artists such as Ashley Bickerton, Jerry Brown, David Burdeny, Catharine Burgess, Marjan Eggermont, Paul Kuhn, Eve Leader, Daniel Ong and Tanya Rusnak became part of the Neo-Geo movement in art. Schuyff's work is included in the collections of MOMA, New York; Metropolitan Museum, New York; MOCA, Los Angeles; Moderna Museet, Stockholm, Sweden; Broad Museum, Los Angeles; Dakis Joannou Collection; The Fisher Landau foundation; Portland Art Museum, Portland; Spencer Museum of Art, Kansas, US and was included in the famed art collection of Herbert and Dorothy Vogel.
Schuyff's work was exhibited as part of the 2014 Whitney Biennial.
Selected solo exhibitions
1982:
White Columns, New York, US
1983:
Pat Hearn Gallery, New York, US
1984:
Pat Hearn Gallery, New York, US
1985:
Akira Ikeda Gallery, Nagoya, Japan
Larry Gagosian Gallery, Los Angeles, US
Pat Hearn Gallery, New York, US
1987:
Centre D'Art Contemporain, Geneva, Switzerland
Pat Hearn Gallery, New York, US
Leo Castelli Gallery, New York, US
Lucio Amelio Gallery, Naples, Italy
Hoffman Barman Gallery, Santa Monica, US
1988:
Galerie Paul Maenz, Cologne, Germany
1989:
Pat Hearn Gallery, New York, US
1990:
Thomas Chon, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Gilbert Brownstone, Paris, France
Paul Kasmin Gallery, New York, US
1991:
Peter Schuyff: Works on Paper 1981–1991, Sperone Gallery, Rome, Italy
Bonomo Gallery, Rome, Italy
Schmidt/Markow Gallery, New York, US
Paul Kasmin Gallery, New York, US
Galerie Lambert Tegenbosch, Heusden, Netherlands
1992:
Studio d'arte Raffaelli, Trento, Italy
Paul Kasmin Gallery, New York, US
Sperone Westwater, New York, US
1993:
Anders Tornberg Gallery, Lund, Sweden
Galerie Pfefferle, Munich, Germany
Vera Van Laer Gallery, Knokke, Belgium
1994:
Ciocca Raffaelli Contemporanea, Milano, Italy
Paul Kasmin Gallery, New York, US
Douglas Udell Gallery, Vancouver, Canada
Paul Kasmin Gallery, New York, US
Thomas Rehbein Gallery, Cologne, Germany
1995:
Galeria Leyendecker, Tenerife, Spain
1996:
Tony Shafrazi Gallery, New York, US
1997:
Yorick's Paintings, Paul Kasmin Gallery, New York, US
University of Lethbridge Gallery, Alberta, Canada
Triangle Gallery, Alberta, Canada
1998:
Ulrich Museum, Wichita, Kansas, US
Gallery 407, New York, US
1999:
Galleria Betta Frigieri, Sassuolo, Italy
Collaborazione con Studio d'arte Raffaelli, Trento, Italy
2001:
Bill Maynes Gallery, New York, US
Galerie Karl Pfefferle, Munich, Germany
2002:
Gallreia in Arco, Torino, Italy
Douglas Udell Gallery, Vancouver, Canada
2003:
Galerie Leyendecker, Tenerife, Spain
2004:
Galerie Leyendecker, Tenerife, Spain
2005:
James Harris Gallery, Seattle, US
2006:
STATE Gallery, Vancouver, Canada
Dipinti Sopra Dipinti, Galleria Santa Marta, Milano, Italy
Work on Paper, Gallery Pfefferle, Munich, Germany
2007:
Nicole Klagsbrun Gallery, New York, US
2009:
New works, Studio d'arte Raffaelli, Trento, Italy
Galerie Karl Pfefferle, Munich, Germany
Gabriel Rolt Gallery, Amsterdam, Netherlands
2013:
Selected Works 1986–2012, Galerie Karl Pfefferle, Munich, Germany
2014:
Sorry We're Closed, Brussels, Belgium
2015:
Mary Boone Gallery, NY, US
2016:
Freiburg Kunsthalle, Freiburg
2018:
HERO Gallery, Amsterdam, Netherlands
London
2020:
Peter Schuyff, White Cube, Curated by Katharine Kostyál, Mason's Yard, London
Works on Paper, Carl Kostyal Gallery, London
Group exhibitions
2019
Art021, Carl Kostyal, Shanghai
References
External links
Galerie Gabriel Rolt
Peter Schuyff
20th-century American painters
American sculptors
Living people
1958 births
21st-century American painters
Dutch contemporary artists
PlantNetwork - the Plant Collections Network of Britain and Ireland is a non-profit charitable organization founded in 1996 that "aims to promote botanical collections in Britain and Ireland as a national resource for research, conservation and education and to facilitate networking and training among holders of plant collections". The current honorary president of the charity is Fellow David Rae, who was also involved in the creation of the journal Sibbaldia in 2003. The collections covered under the charity's support network include the National Trust for Scotland, the Forestry Commission, and the Royal Horticultural Society. PlantNetwork routinely holds conferences and workshops on both how to plant and handle trees and how to keep up material records on trees and their growth. The group also releases a newsletter covering similar information.
PlantNetwork hosted a virtual conference alongside the journal Sibbaldia in October 2020 to promote horticultural accomplishments and to celebrate the 350th anniversary of the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh.
References
External links
Charity Commission record
Horticultural organizations
1996 establishments in the United Kingdom
Charities based in the United Kingdom
Charities based in the Republic of Ireland
Educational charities based in the United Kingdom
Nature conservation organisations based in the United Kingdom
Kayaaltı (formerly Anzav or Andzavi) is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Aaron Adeoye (born August 26, 1993) is an American football defensive end for the Birmingham Stallions of the United States Football League (USFL). He played college football at Southeast Missouri State University.
College career
Adeoye played college basketball for Ball State, John A. Logan College, Western Kentucky, and Southeast Missouri State. He switched to football in his fifth season of college eligibility for the Southeast Missouri State Redhawks football team.
Professional career
Indoor and minor leagues
Adeoye signed with the Salina Liberty of Champions Indoor Football in April 2017. He played in The Spring League in 2018, and played for the Birmingham Iron of the Alliance of American Football before the league folded in April 2019.
Baltimore Ravens
Adeoye had a minicamp tryout with the Baltimore Ravens and subsequently signed with the team on May 6, 2019. He was waived during final roster cuts on August 31, 2019, and signed to the team's practice squad the next day.
Adeoye signed a reserve/future contract with the Baltimore Ravens on January 13, 2020. He was waived during final roster cuts on September 5, 2020, and re-signed to the practice squad the next day. He was elevated to the active roster on December 2 for the team's week 12 game against the Pittsburgh Steelers, and reverted to the practice squad after the game. On January 18, 2021, Adeoye signed a reserve/futures contract with the Ravens. He was waived on August 16, 2021.
New York Jets
On August 23, 2021, Adeoye signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets. He was waived on August 31, 2021.
Green Bay Packers
On October 19, 2021, Adeoye was signed to the Green Bay Packers practice squad. He was released on November 2, 2021. He was signed to the practice squad again on December 29. He was released on January 1, 2022.
Birmingham Stallions
Adeoye was selected with the third pick of the second round of the 2022 USFL Draft by the Birmingham Stallions. He was placed on injured reserve on May 12, 2022, with a chest injury.
References
External links
Southeast Missouri State Redhawks men's basketball bio
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers basketball bio
Ball State Cardinals men's basketball bio
1993 births
Living people
People from Marion, Illinois
Basketball players from Illinois
Players of American football from Illinois
Forwards (basketball)
American football defensive ends
Ball State Cardinals men's basketball players
John A. Logan Volunteers men's basketball players
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers basketball players
Southeast Missouri State Redhawks men's basketball players
Southeast Missouri State Redhawks football players
Salina Liberty players
The Spring League players
Birmingham Iron players
Baltimore Ravens players
New York Jets players
Green Bay Packers players
Birmingham Stallions (2022) players
Enterprise Volume Management System (EVMS) was a flexible, integrated volume management software used to manage storage systems under Linux.
Its features include:
Handle EVMS, Linux LVM and LVM2 volumes
Handle many kinds of disk partitioning schemes
Handle many different file systems (Ext2, Ext3, FAT, JFS, NTFS, OCFS2, OpenGFS, ReiserFS, Swap, XFS etc.)
Multi-disk (MD) management
Software RAID: level 0, 1, 4 and 5 (no support for level 6 and 10)
Drive linking (device concatenation)
Multipath I/O support
Manage shared cluster storage
Expand and shrink volumes and file systems online or offline (depending on the file system's capabilities)
Snapshots (frozen images of volumes), optionally writable
Conversion between different volume types
Move partitions
Make, check and repair file systems
Bad block relocation
Three types of user interface: GUI, text mode interface and CLI
Backup and restore the EVMS metadata
EVMS is licensed under the GNU General Public License version 2 or later. EVMS is supported now in some Linux distributions, among others it is now (2008) SUSE, Debian and Gentoo
LVM vs EVMS
For a while, both LVM and EVMS were competing for inclusion in the mainline kernel. EVMS had more features and better userland tools, but the internals of LVM were more attractive to kernel developers, so in the end LVM won the battle for inclusion. In response, the EVMS team decided to concentrate on porting the EVMS userland tools to work with the LVM kernelspace.
Sometime after the release of version 2.5.5 on February 26, 2006, IBM discontinued development of the project. There have been no further releases. In 2008 Novell announced that the company would be moving from EVMS to LVM in future editions of their SUSE products, while continuing to fully support customers using EVMS.
References
External links
Free software programmed in C
Free system software
Volume manager
Linux file system-related software
Zenkai Koigokoro!! ~Missing you~ (romaji for 全開恋心) is the fifteenth studio album by Japanese Pop band Deen. It was released on 29 July 2015 under the Epic Records Japan label.
Background
The album consists of two previously released single, Kimi ga Boku wo Wasurenai you ni Boku ga Kimi wo Oboeteiru and Sen Kai Koigokoro!. Both of these singles and coupling song Ari no Mama Dakishimeyou (from 42nd single) had received new arrangement under title Zenkai Mix.
Kouji Yamane's new song of Shangai Rock Star series had been released in this album as well. Emerald Ocean is the original and the first song performed by composer Shinji Tagawa.
This album was released in two formats: regular CD edition and limited CD+DVD-edition. The limited edition includes DVD footage of their live performance Deen Live Joy Countdown Special ~Maniac Night W('0')W~.
Charting
The album reached #23 in its first week and charted for 3 weeks, selling 4,500+ copies.
Track listing
References
Sony Music albums
Japanese-language albums
2015 albums
Deen (band) albums
The Whitehawk Hill transmitting station (also known as the Whitehawk transmitting station) is a broadcasting and telecommunications facility located at Whitehawk, an eastern suburb of Brighton in the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is the city's main transmission facility for television and radio signals. It broadcasts digital television, FM and DAB radio to the coastal city of Brighton and Hove and to surrounding areas along the Sussex coast. It stopped broadcasting analogue television when the digital switchover occurred locally in March 2012.
Services broadcast include BBC One (South East), BBC Two, ITV (Meridian), Channel 4, BBC national radio stations, BBC Sussex and Heart Sussex.
History
A radar station was opened on the high ground of Whitehawk Hill, to the east of central Brighton, during World War II. Meanwhile, television broadcasts first reached the town in 1953 when a relay transmitter was erected on Truleigh Hill, several miles to the west on the South Downs. On 5 April 1959, after the wartime facility was demolished, a transmitter was opened at Whitehawk. It took a feed from the Crystal Palace transmitting station until 14 April 1962; after that, signals were relayed from the Rowridge transmitting station. The original VHF signal was accompanied by colour UHF transmissions from 21 September 1970 (BBC1 and BBC2 only) until the VHF 405-line TV transmissions from this site ceased in 1983. UHF signals for ITV and Channel 4 followed from 28 April 1972 and 17 May 1983 respectively. Radio broadcasts started on 13 March 1967, in mono only; stereo transmissions commenced on 4 November 1972. From the beginning, signals were relayed from the Wrotham transmitting station; this arrangement continues as of .
The original mast was replaced in 1983 by the present structure, which stood alongside it for a short time until the earlier mast was demolished. The present mast is also tall; it reaches a height of when the UHF aerial is taken into account. Whitehawk Hill itself is above sea level. In 1990, the transmitting station was reported to serve 400,000 people and was supported by relay transmitters at several locations around Brighton: Patcham, Ovingdean and Saltdean (all installed in 1982–83), and Coldean and the North Laine area of central Brighton (both planned for 1990 but delayed).
Services available
Analogue radio
The coverage area of BBC Sussex extends to Worthing, Haywards Heath, Uckfield and Eastbourne. Other stations have smaller coverage areas from this transmitting station.
Digital radio
The Sussex Coast DAB ensemble includes BBC Sussex, Capital, Gold Sussex, Heart Sussex.
Digital television
The transmitting station provides Freeview television to 96,000 households. Since 28 August 2014, a local television station called Latest TV has been broadcast from LTVmux.
Whitehawk Hill completed the 700MHz Clearance Programme in November 2019 and ceased transmitting on UHF 51, UHF 53, UHF 54, UHF 57 and UHF 60.
Analogue television
Analogue television transmissions were turned off in two stages—on 7 March 2012 and 21 March 2012. At this time, the local BBC service broadcast from the transmitter was changed from BBC South to BBC South East.
References
Bibliography
External links
The Transmission Gallery: Whitehawk Hill
Brighton
Buildings and structures in Brighton and Hove
Transmitter sites in England
Edwin Eliason (born May 1, 1938) is an American archer. He competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1938 births
Living people
American male archers
Olympic archers of the United States
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
People from Kitsap County, Washington
Pan American Games medalists in archery
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Archers at the 1983 Pan American Games
Archers at the 1991 Pan American Games
Archers at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Kąty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Korytnica, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Maksim Yuryevich Shvetsov (; born 5 January 1973) is a Russian football coach and a former player.
References
1973 births
People from Orsk
Living people
Soviet footballers
Association football midfielders
FC SKA-Khabarovsk players
Russian footballers
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Russian Premier League players
Russian football managers
FC Chita players
Sportspeople from Orenburg Oblast
NSS College of Engineering, Palakkad (Commonly known as NSSCE) is the fourth engineering educational institution established in Kerala, India. It was founded in 1960 by Nair Service Society. NSS College of Engineering is one of the premier institutions in the state. The college is one among the only three Govt-Aided Engineering colleges in Kerala and the first Govt-Aided Engineering College accredited by NBA of AICTE. The college is affiliated to the APJ Abdul Kalam Technological University since its inception in 2015.
The campus is situated in NSS Nagar at Akathethara, 9 km from Palakkad town, and 3 km from the Palakkad Railway Junction. The nearest airports are at Coimbatore (55 km) and Cochin International Airport (110 km). Spread over 100 acres, it includes an administrative block and other blocks, a library block and five hostels including two for women and with good infrastructure.
History
The school was founded in 1960 by Nair Service Society. It is the fourth engineering institute and the second Govt-Aided engineering institute in Kerala. The college started with three branches of engineering viz, Civil Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and Electrical and Electronics Engineering. Instrumentation and Control Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering and Computer Science Engineering were started in 1980, 1986 and 1999 respectively. The institution offers M.Tech degree courses from 2011. The college was previously affiliated to University of Kerala from 1960 to 1968 and University of Calicut from 1968 to 2015 until the establishment of APJ Abdul Kalam Technological University.
Academics
The institution offers B.Tech and M.Tech degree courses of the A P J Abdul Kalam Technological University in the various branches of engineering.
Admissions
The institute admits students based on the following entrance exams.
Undergraduate Programs
Kerala Engineering Entrance Examination, KEAM conducted by the Office of the Commissioner of Entrance Exams run by the Government of Kerala.
Postgraduate Programs
Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) conducted by the Indian Institutes of Technology, IITs. and also students can get admission through previous academic marks (Non gate admission).
In addition to this, a 10% seats are provided for admission to the third semester classes for diploma holders (Lateral entry system)
Alumni
The alumni association has chapters in cities in India including Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Chennai, Kozhikode, Palakkad and Kochi. The alumni chapters outside India include Qatar (Anecx), Bahrain (NEXSA), UAE (NSSCE) and Kuwait (NSSCEAK) Chapters.
Notable alumni
Prakash Bare, actor, producer
M Sivasankar IAS
Facilities
There are three men's hostel blocks and two women's hostel block with a capacity of 483 and 500 students respectively. The hostels are under direct control of the warden and each hostel has one or two members of the staff of the college as assistant wardens and are responsible to matters connected with the hostel. The Principal is the Ex Officio Chief Warden. There is provision for vegetarian and non-vegetarian food at all the hostels. The hostel mess' are run by the students. The men's hostels are named MH-I, MH-II, MH-III. All the hostels are equipped with high speed WiFi facility.
The central library has a collection of books both academic and general topics. The computerized Library Information System makes it easy for one to find books. Apart from the central library each department has a separate library which facilitate books to the students of the respective departments. The library facilitates students to browse internet and find books in the digital library.
Clubs and Activities
The college has many clubs with very active members. Some of the clubs are listed below
National Service Scheme
There are two units of NSS(Units 128 &198) at NSS College of Engineering. Both the units are government aided units under the APJ Abdul Kalam Technologicaal University NSS Cell. The units were previously affiliated to the Calicut University NSS Cell. Unit 198 was awarded best unit by University NSS Cell in 2021. The unit has also received Best volunteer and Best Program Officer awards in 2021. Other notable achievements include selection of its volunteer secretary to the NSS Republic Day Parade Camp, 2022.
The units are further divided into 5 functional units: Unarv,Pratheeksha,Samrudhi,Urja and Santhwanam
FOSS NSS(FOSS Cell NSSCE - Free and Open Source Software Cell)
The FOSS Cell (FOSS NSS) of NSS College of Engineering, Palakkad is a cell for students who like to explore and spread the open-source software ecosystem. Roots of this FOSS Cell dates back to the year 2009.
iEDC
iEDC NSSCE is one of the topmost Entrepreneurship Development Cell in the state with a motto of "BE YOUR OWN BOSS". It is established with the objective of creating, fostering and promoting the spirit of entrepreneurship among the youth of our college. It is recognized as an Innovation and Entrepreneurship Development Centre by Kerala Startup Mission. The activities of the club gained attention during 2004 and many startups were founded here after.
TinkerHub
TinkerHub Foundation's campus chapter at NSS College Of Engineering was established in October 2019. The community is dedicated to developing a tech focussed learning culture in the campus through peer-to-peer learning, bootcamps and other events. TinkerHub NSSCE finished at first position in terms of number of submissions from a single campus in the Code-A-Pookalam competition conducted during Onam,2021.
IEEE- SB
NSS College of Engineering has a very strong and famous IEEE Student's branch in Kerala. They've undertaken many projects during the floods of 2018 and are empowering rural areas with various electrification projects.
Qpounce - Quiz Club
Qpounce is the Official Quiz Club of NSS College of Engineering. It hosts numerous formal and informal events in the campus including the annual Noopuram Gen Quiz and Monthly informals. The club was brought under the supervision of the College Union in the year 2022.
ELACSTA
ELACSTA is an Electronics and Communication Department Students Association of NSS College of Engineering, Palakkad. It was formed in the year 2017 by the joint initiative of the faculty and staff members of the department.
The main motive that drives ELASCTA is to help the budding ECE engineers by providing a platform which will help them enrich their technical knowledge through online channels (YouTube), workshops and events held in the college premises.
visit us here
Wildlife & Forestry Club
Wildlife & Forestry Club was introduced in 1991 ,by a set of students of Electrical and Electronics branch. Aim of the club is to create awareness of nature and its resources.
See also
List of engineering colleges in Kerala
List of Educational Institutions of Nair Service Society
References
External links
Official website
All India Council for Technical Education
Engineering colleges in Kerala
Nair Service Society colleges
Colleges affiliated with the University of Calicut
Universities and colleges in Palakkad district
Educational institutions established in 1960
1960 establishments in Kerala
Joma Music Group is a music publishing company and record label founded in 2008.
The Joma Music Publishing division represents a large catalog of songs written by the lyricist Ned Washington, including the standards "My Foolish Heart", "Stella By Starlight", "Rawhide", "I'm Getting Sentimental Over You" and dozens of other songs that have been performed by legendary artists such as Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, David Bowie, Miles Davis, Billie Holiday, Barbra Streisand, Bing Crosby, Duke Ellington, Dizzie Gillespie, and k.d. lang.
Background
In, addition, Joma Music publishes over 300 songs from the 1950s-1960s vintage catalog by songwriters Giant/Baum/Kaye, writers of #1 hits for Elvis Presley, and also of songs performed by The Everly Brothers, Bobby Darin, Cliff Richard, Ben E. King, and others.
The publishing division of Joma Music Group also represents a large selection of indie rock and pop artists from NYC's Williamsburg music scene, many of whom are also signed to the Joma Records label.
Joma Records has released 2 CD compilations so far: Joma Indie Rock & Pop, Vol. 1 which featured songs that have appeared on TV shows such as Castle, Royal Pains, Mercy, Lie To Me, Men in Trees, and Reaper, among others, and the indie rock holiday sampler, A Very Joma Christmas.
Only a few weeks after its release A Very Joma Christmas topped the "Best of the Year" lists of holiday records in USA Today, Newsday, and the Minneapolis Star-Tribune. A Very Joma Christmas went on to have song placements on the holiday episodes of network TV shows such as Lie To Me (Fox), The Young and The Restless (CBS), and it was licensed in its entirety to MTV. Starbucks played songs from A Very Joma Christmas in all of their USA locations in December 2010, and songs from the album were played on Absolute Radio and BBC Radio-2 in London and daily on Sirius-XM in the USA in December 2010.
References
External links
Music publishing companies of the United States
Pamela Lynn Carter (born Pamela Lynn Fanning; August 20, 1949) was the first black woman to serve as a state's attorney general. She served as Indiana Attorney General from 1993 to 1997.
Career
Pamela Carter attended the University of Detroit, later earning an M.S.W. degree from the University of Michigan and a J.D. degree from the Indiana University School of Law. She worked as an enforcement attorney for Indiana's secretary of state, prior to her election as Indiana's attorney general in November 1992.
She is the first African-American woman elected as a state's attorney general. Carter is also the first African American and the first woman attorney general in Indiana's history. In Indiana, Carter is only the second African American elected to statewide office.
In 1995, she was included on Ebony′s list of "100 Most Influential Black Americans."
See also
List of female state attorneys general in the United States
References
1949 births
Indiana Democrats
Indiana Attorneys General
African-American women lawyers
American women lawyers
African-American lawyers
African-American people in Indiana politics
Living people
University of Michigan School of Social Work alumni
Indiana University Maurer School of Law alumni
African-American women in politics
People from South Haven, Michigan
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Thomas Eastoe Abbott (23 November 1786 – 18 February 1854) was an English poet.
Life
Abbott was born and baptised in East Dereham, Norfolk, the son of John Abbott and Susannah Eastoe, who married in East Dereham on 13 November 1777.
He worked for the Inland Revenue for many years, and was a warden of the Royal Free Grammar School in Darlington. His poems were described by William Hylton Dyer Longstaffe as "written with great simplicity of language, full of genuine patriotism and Christianity; some of them much resembling in style that of Wordsworth."
Abbott died in Darlington in 1854.
Works
Peace, a lyric poem dedicated to the mayor of Hull (London, 1814).
Resignation, a poem on the death of Princess Charlotte of Wales (Hull, 1817).
The Triumph of Christianity, A Missionary Poem; Commerce; and other Poems, dedicated to William Wilberforce (London, 1819).
The Soldier's Friend, a poem to the memory of the Duke of York (London, 1828).
Lines on Education and Religion (Darlington, 1839).
References
External source
East Dereham parish register transcripts (www.FreeREG.org.uk)
Thompson Cooper, Abbott, Thomas Eastoe, Rev. Megan A. Stephan, Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004, accessed 21 March 2007)
1786 births
1854 deaths
People from Dereham
English male poets
Paradise Hill is an unincorporated community in Milton Township, Ashland County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office called Paradise Hill was established in 1878, and remained in operation until 1907. In 1941, Paradise Hill had about 10 inhabitants.
References
Unincorporated communities in Ashland County, Ohio
1878 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1878
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Ringwould is a village and electoral ward near Deal in Kent, England.
The coastal confederation of Cinque Ports during its mediaeval period consisted of a confederation of 42 towns and villages in all. This included Ringwould, as a 'limb' of Dover.
Ripple Windmill, which is being restored, lies within the parish.
The village also has one Grade II listed building, in its district. as well as the Grade I listed church of St Nicholas.
Frederick Ernest Cleary (1905-1984) CBE, who was originally a Chartered Surveyor from Crouch End, London. Later, he formed a very successful company 'Haslemere Estates', who refurbished many of the City of London's fine old buildings during the 1970s and '80s.
In 1975 Fred purchased and refurbished an old rectory building ('Ripple Down House') in Ringwould. This became an environmental education centre for children. It later merged with the 'Bay Trust' in St Margeret's Bay who manage and operate the Pines Garden.
References
External links
Villages in Kent
Dover District
The Seattle Film Critics Society (SFCS), founded in 2016, is a film critic organization of 40 print, radio, television, podcast, and internet journalists from Seattle-based publications and surrounding areas of Washington state. Moira Macdonald and Tom Tangney are Emeritus Members. The organization presents an annual awards announcement, honoring the best achievements in film, nominated and selected by all active members of the organization.
Members
Matt Oakes – President
John Reviewer – Vice President
Steve Reeder – Treasurer
Sara Michelle Fetters – Secretary
Josh Bis – Awards Coordinator
Mike Ward – Membership Coordinator / Founder
Marc Morin – Communications Director
Kathy Fennessy – Trustee
Chase Hutchinson – Trustee
Silas Lindenstein – Trustee
Allen A. Almachar
Taylor Baker
Ryan Bordow
Warren Cantrell
Paul Carlson
David Chen
Michael Clawson
Adam Gehrke
Sean Gilman
Linda Gwilym
Tim Hall
Joe Hammerschmidt
Collier Jennings
Jas Keimig
Calvin Kemph
Matt Lynch
Brent McKnight
Candice McMillan
Michael Medved
Justin Moore
Ryan Oliver
Erik Samdahl
Rene Sanchez
Morgen Schuler
Thomas Stoneham-Judge
Vaughn Swearingen
Brian Taibl
Aaron White
Member Emeritus: Moira Macdonald
Member Emeritus: Tom Tangney
Categories
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Picture of the Year
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Director
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Actor
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Actress
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Supporting Actor
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Supporting Actress
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Ensemble Cast
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Action Choreography
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Screenplay
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Animated Feature
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Documentary Feature
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Film Not in the English Language
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Cinematography
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Costume Design
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Film Editing
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Original Score
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Production Design
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Visual Effects
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Youth Performance
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Villain
Ceremony information
2016 Seattle Film Critics Society Awards
2017 Seattle Film Critics Society Awards
2018 Seattle Film Critics Society Awards
2019 Seattle Film Critics Society Awards
2020 Seattle Film Critics Society Awards
2021 Seattle Film Critics Society Awards
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Picture of the Year
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Director
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Actor
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Actress
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Supporting Actor
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Supporting Actress
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Ensemble Cast
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Action Choreography
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Screenplay
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Animated Feature
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Documentary Feature
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Foreign Language Film/Film Not in the English Language
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Cinematography
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Costume Design
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Film Editing
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Original Score
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Production Design
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Visual Effects
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Youth Performance
Seattle Film Critics Society Award for Best Villain
See also
List of film awards
References
External links
American film critics associations
Organizations established in 2016
2016 film awards
Film organizations in the United States
Awards established in 2016
A songline, also called dreaming track, is one of the paths across the land (or sometimes the sky) within the animist belief systems of the Aboriginal cultures of Australia which mark the route followed by localised "creator-beings" in the Dreaming. The paths of the songlines are recorded in traditional song cycles, stories, dance, and art, and are often the basis of ceremonies. They are a vital part of Aboriginal culture, connecting people to their land.
Description
The Dreaming, or the Dreamtime, has been described as "a sacred narrative of Creation that is seen as a continuous process that links traditional Aboriginal people to their origins". Ancestors are believed to play a large role in the establishment of sacred sites as they traversed the continent long ago. Animals were created in the Dreaming, and also played a part in creation of the lands and heavenly bodies. Songlines connect places and Creation events, and the ceremonies associated with those places. Oral history about places and the journeys are carried in song cycles, and each Aboriginal person has obligations to their birthplace. The songs become the basis of the ceremonies that are enacted in those specific places along the songlines.
A songline has been called a "dreaming track", as it marks a route across the land or sky followed by one of the creator-beings or ancestors in the Dreaming.
A knowledgeable person is able to navigate across the land by repeating the words of the song, which describe the location of landmarks, waterholes, and other natural phenomena. In some cases, the paths of the creator-beings are said to be evident from their marks, or petrosomatoglyphs, on the land, such as large depressions in the land which are said to be their footprints.
By singing the songs in the appropriate sequence, Aboriginal people could navigate vast distances, often travelling through the deserts of Australia's interior. The continent of Australia contains an extensive system of songlines, some of which are of a few kilometres, whilst others traverse hundreds of kilometres through lands of many different Aboriginal peoples — peoples who may speak markedly different languages and have different cultural traditions. One songline marks a route connecting the Central Desert Region with the east coast, to the place now called Byron Bay. Desert peoples travelled to the ocean to observe fishing practices, and coastal people travelled inland to sacred sites such as Uluru and Kata Tjuta.
Since a songline can span the lands of several different language groups, different parts of the song are said to be in those different languages. Languages are not a barrier because the melodic contour of the song describes the nature of the land over which the song passes. The rhythm is what is crucial to understanding the song. Listening to the song of the land is the same as walking on this songline and observing the land. Songlines have been described as a "cultural passport" which, when sung in the language of a particular region and mob, show respect to the people of that country.
Neighbouring groups are connected because the song cycles criss-cross all over the continent. All Aboriginal groups traditionally share beliefs in the ancestors and related laws; people from different groups interacted with each other based on their obligations along the songlines.
In some cases, a songline has a particular direction, and walking the wrong way along a songline may be a sacrilegious act (e.g. climbing up Uluru where the correct direction is down). Aboriginal people regard all land as sacred, and the songs must be continually sung to keep the land "alive". Their "connection to country" describes a strong and complex relationship with the land of their ancestors, or "mob". Aboriginal identity often links to their language groups and traditional country of their ancestors. Songlines not only map routes across the continent and pass on culture, but also express connectedness to country.
Songlines are often passed down in families, passing on important knowledge and cultural values.
Molyneaux and Vitebsky note that the Dreaming Spirits "also deposited the spirits of unborn children and determined the forms of human society", thereby establishing tribal law and totemic paradigms.
Anthropologist Robert Tonkinson described Mardu songlines in his 1978 monograph The Mardudjara Aborigines - Living The Dream In Australia's Desert.
In his 1987 book The Songlines, British novelist and travel writer Bruce Chatwin describes the songlines as:
Examples
The Yolngu people of Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory tell the story of Barnumbirr, a creator-being associated with the planet Venus, who came from the island of Baralku in the East, guiding the first humans to Australia, and then flew across the land from East to West, naming and creating the animals, plants, and natural features of the land.
The Yarralin people of the Victoria River Valley venerate the spirit Walujapi as the Dreaming Spirit of the black-headed python. Walujapi is said to have carved a snakelike track along a cliff-face and deposited an impression of her buttocks when she sat establishing camp. Both signs are currently discernible.
The Native Cat Dreaming Spirits who are said to have commenced their journey at the sea and to have moved north into the Simpson Desert, traversing as they did so the lands of the Aranda, Kaititja, Ngalia, Kukatja and Unmatjera. Each people sing the part of the Native Cat Dreaming relating to the songlines for which they are bound in a territorial relationship of reciprocity.
In the Sydney region, because of the soft Sydney sandstone, valleys often end in a canyon or cliff, and so travelling along the ridge lines was much easier than travelling in the valleys. Thus, the songlines tend to follow the ridge lines, and this is also where much of the sacred art, such as the Sydney Rock Engravings, is located. In contrast, in many other parts of Australia, the songlines tend to follow valleys, where water may be found more easily.
Songlines have been linked to Aboriginal art sites in the Wollemi National Park in New South Wales.
See also
Australian Aboriginal culture
Australian Aboriginal religion and mythology
Ethnogeology
Ley lines
Method of loci
Oral history
Story arc
Songlines (Alphaville video), inspired in part by the aboriginal Songlines
"The Dreaming (song)", inspired in part by the aboriginal Songlines
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Australian Aboriginal mythology
Australian Aboriginal music
Australian styles of music
Australian Aboriginal culture
Vydrino () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 74 as of 2002.
Geography
Vydrino is located 2 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Savino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Rodnaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 104 as of 2002.
Geography
Rodnaya is located 56 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Manylovitsa is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Arrival of the Normandy Train, Gare Saint-Lazare, also known as The Railway Station of Saint Lazare in Paris, is a c. 1877 painting by Claude Monet. It is in the permanent collection of the Art Institute of Chicago.
The Impressionist painting depicts a steam train from Normandy arriving at the Gare Saint-Lazare railway station in Paris, with crowds of people waiting amid the steam and smoke under the vaulted iron and glass vault of the station's train shed. It was painted en plein air, at the station. It measures and is signed and dated in the lower left corner, "Claude Monet 77".
The painting is one of 12 works by Monet depicting a scene at the station, and it was also one of eight that he exhibited at the in Paris in April 1877. It was sold to Ernest Hoschedé in March 1877, but was in the possession of the following year. On his death in 1894, it was inherited by de Bellio's daughter Victorine and her husband Ernest Donop de Monchy. Sold to the Bernheim-Jeune gallery around 1899, it passed through the hands of the art dealer Paul Rosenberg and then the Durand-Ruel gallery in Paris in 1911, which took the painting to New York. It was sold later in 1911 to the wealthy industrialist and art collector Martin A. Ryerson for US$7,000. On his death in 1932, it was bequeathed to the Art Institute of Chicago.
See also
Gare Saint-Lazare (Monet series)
References
Trains in art
1877 paintings
Paintings by Claude Monet
Paintings in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago
Koszewnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wierzbno, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Qarghiliq is a neighborhood in Kashgar, in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China.
Kashgar
Two vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Sparkler:
was launched at Rotherhithe in April 1797 and sold in September 1802. She then became a merchantman that a French privateer captured and that the Royal Navy recaptured. She was wrecked in 1814.
was launched at Brightlingsea in August 1804 and wrecked on the Dutch coast in January 1808.
See also
, a Royal Fleet Auxiliary tugboat built during World War II and sold in 1957.
Citations
Royal Navy ship names
Sint Willibrordus is a village in Bandabou on the western half of Curaçao, northwest of the Bullen Bay and about 25 km from the capital Willemstad. The village has been called this since the dedication of the church in 1888; until then, the town of Buitenbosch or as called in the Papiaments 'Mondi Afó' was called. The village of several hundred inhabitants has an imposing Roman Catholic church in neo-Gothic style, designed by the Rotterdam architect Evert Margry, for which the first stone was laid by Vincentius Jansen and was built from 1884 to 1888. Earlier in the nineteenth century, a school and an orphanage had been built by mission patrons.
A few kilometres from Saint Willibrordus are two of Curaçao's many picturesque bays: Porto Marie Bay and Daaibooi Bay.
Near the village are some of the salt pans are no longer in use, including those of the salt pan Rif St. Marie, one of the oldest plantations on the island. Now only a few dilapidated walls can be seen. Flamingos regularly stay in the salt pans. Near the village is also the rock formation known as El Indjan (The Indian).
There used to be a connection between the village and the Bullen Bay via the Saliña Sint Marie and the Boka Sint Marie.
References
Bibliography
Bandabou
Populated places in Curaçao
Chloroscombrus is a genus containing two species of tropical to temperate water marine fish in the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae. Both members are commonly known as bumpers or bumperfish, with one species endemic to the Atlantic and the other to the eastern Pacific. They have a convex ventral profile compared to most other carangids, with small oblique mouths and low dorsal and anal fins. Phylogenetic studies have found they are most closely related to the jacks of the genus Hemicaranx, with these genera plus Selar, Selaroides and possibly Alepes, making up a clade within the Caranginae subfamily. They are predatory fish which live in both inshore and offshore environments ranging from estuaries to the edge of the continental shelf, and are of moderate importance to fisheries.
Taxonomy and phylogeny
Chloroscombrus is a genus containing two extant species. It is part of the jack family, Carangidae, which in turn is part of the order Carangiformes. Recent phylogenetic studies using molecular information have placed Chloroscombrus in the subfamily Caranginae (or the tribe Carangini). The most recent phylogenetic study found the genus is very closely related to Hemicaranx, with the genera Selar, Selaroides and possibly Alepes also placed in a clade within the Carangini. The study also strongly supported the monophyly of Chloroscombrus
Chloroscombrus was created by the French naturalist Charles Frédéric Girard in 1858 to accommodate a 'new' species he had described; Chloroscombrus caribbaeus, making this the original type species. For some reason, probably a lack of a type specimen for C. carribaeus, David Starr Jordan and Gilbert redesignated Micropteryx cosmopolita as the type species of Chloroscombrus, which currently remains the accepted type species.
However, both these names were subsequently found to be junior synonyms of Linnaeus' Scomber chrysurus, effectively making Chloroscombrus chrysurus the type species. The name is derived from the Greek words chloros; meaning green and skombros; meaning fish, particularly mackerel.
No species pertaining to Chloroscombrus are known from the fossil record.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus though they may be conspecific, although no detailed study has been undertaken to prove such a relationship.:
Description
Both species of Chloroscombrus are small- to medium-sized fishes, growing to maximum known lengths of around 30 cm (C. orqueta) and 65 cm (C. chrysurus). The genus is easily distinguished among most of the other carangid genera, although the bigeye scad, Selar crumenophthalmus, may be confused with the Pacific member of the genus. The distinguishing features of the genus include a more convex ventral profile than the dorsal profile, giving a very rounded underside appearance, a distinct black saddle on the upper part of the caudal peduncle, a small oblique mouth and a relatively small pupil diameter. The rest of the general body plan of the genus is similar to other carangids, with two separate, rather low dorsal fins; the first consisting of 8 spines and the second of 1 spine and 25 to 29 soft rays. The anal fin is also low, consisting of 2 detached spines anteriorly, followed by 1 spine and 25 to 29 soft rays. The lateral line is moderately curved anteriorly, with six to 14 weak scutes on the straight section. The chests are completely scaled, and the jaws contain bands of fine villiform teeth. The species are silvery in colour, with the dorsal surface ranging from blue-green to dark metallic blue. C. orqueta has a distinct black spot on the upper edge of the operculum, while C. chrysurus does not. It is also known under local common name plat plat.
Distribution and habitat
The two species in the genus are restricted to the tropical and temperate waters of the Atlantic and east Pacific Oceans, with C. chrysurus inhabiting both the east Americas and west African/European coasts of the Atlantic and C. orqueta inhabiting the Central American coastline of the east Pacific.
Both species are schooling coastal species, found on the continental shelf leading pelagic lifestyles. They are commonly found in shallow water environments including beaches, lagoons and estuaries. They are also rarely found in open ocean environments, commonly associated with floating objects, such as jellyfish.
Biology and fishery
Both species of Chloroscombrus are predatory, taking a variety of small prey, including fish, cephalopods and zooplankton, with juveniles generally taking more planktonic prey than adults. Reproduction in the genus has been studied, as have the larval stages of both species, with juveniles often found in more oceanic waters.
No specific fishery exists for either species, although they are taken by trawls, seines and hook-and-line methods, and sold fresh, salted or frozen at market. Neither species is considered a good gamefish, although are taken by anglers occasionally, and are considered rather dry table fare.
References
External links
Chloroscombrus at Encyclopedia of Life
Caranginae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Charles Frédéric Girard
Vodacom Tanzania Limited is Tanzania's leading cellular network company. As of December 2020, Vodacom Tanzania had over 15.6 million customers and was the largest wireless telecommunications network in Tanzania. Vodacom Tanzania is the second telecom company in Africa, after Vodacom, to switch on its 3G High-Speed Downlink Packet Access (HSDPA) which was available only in Dar Es Salaam in early 2007.
Location
Vodacom Tanzania has its executive headquarters on the 15th Floor of the Vodacom Towers at 23 Ursino Estate, along Old Bagamoyo Road, in Dar es Salaam, the financial capital of Tanzania. The geographical coordinates of the company headquarters are: 06°46'41.0"S, 39°15'37.0"E (Latitude:-6.778056; Longitude:39.260278).
Overview
The company was created in late 1999 as a subsidiary company of Vodacom based in South Africa. At the onset, Vodacom Tanzania was a joint venture between the Vodacom Group, with approximately 65 percent, with the remaining 35 percent owned by Tanzanian shareholders, that included Mirambo Holdings.
By August 2000, the company completed its GSM infrastructure and went live on 14 August 2000. Vodacom Tanzania announced officially its commercial operations on 15 August 2000. Vodacom Tanzania became the largest mobile operator in the country within one year of launching and remains the largest mobile communications network operator in Tanzania up to date.
The company has active roaming agreements with many mobile network operators in the world that include T-Mobile USA, in the United States, Vodafone Limited in the United Kingdom and Vodafone India in India.
History
Licensed
Vodacom Group was licensed in December 1999 to operate a GSM cellular network in Tanzania and formed the subsidiary company Vodacom Tanzania Limited. The group also has operations in Kenya (Safaricom), Lesotho and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
When Vodacom entered in Tanzania there was one GSM 900 MHz cellular operator, Tritel, on the mainland of Tanzania, with about 20,000 active subscribers and another operator who was operating exclusively on the island of Zanzibar. There was also an analogue cellular network operator, MIC Tanzania Limited (tiGO), with active subscriber base of about 50,000. tiGo was known as Mobitel when it started its operation within the country in late 1993. There was also one government owned fixed-line telecommunications operator, Tanzania Telecommunications Company Limited, TTCL. Vodacom Tanzania was the third licensed network operator in Tanzania and became the largest mobile communications network operator in the country within one year of launching.
Vodacom Tanzania Partnership
Vodacom Tanzania was licensed in Tanzania with its local partners Planetel Communications holding 36% and Caspian Construction holding 16%. Later Planetel decreased its stake to 16%, while Caspian's increased to 19%.
A representative of the Caspian on the Vodacom Tanzania board was businessman Rostam Aziz, a close supporter of President Jakaya Kikwete. At the time Vodacom was licensed in Tanzania, both men were not as powerful as they later became.
Vodacom Tanzania Tentered in a partnership with Flickswitch in September 2019 to launch a its sim management system in Tanzania.
Network
The native Vodacom Tanzania network operates on the dual band GSM 1800 MHz and 900 MHz. The network was fixed in 2000 by Siemens based in South Africa. It was claimed that the 900 and 1800 GSM network was extremely hi-tech for mobile telecommunications in Africa, with an IN platform as well as various management and maintenance platforms.
In late 2006 Vodacom Tanzania deployed The VectaStar wireless transmission equipment and the backhaul network was commercially operated in the same year. Operating in the licensed 10.5 GHz spectrum band, the network covers the areas of Dar Es Salaam, Arusha, Moshi and Mwanza. Vodacom Tanzania has highly improved customer service levels, which use IVR technology. As such, Vodacom customers are now served in two languages, Swahili and English.
Roaming
As of December 2020 Tanzania had 51 million telecom subscribers, Vodacom leading the market share with 30.6% of subscribers (15.6 million).
Vodacom Tanzania mainly resides and operates in Tanzania mainland and the company acts as a mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) on the mainland for ZanTel. ZanTel has its own network in Zanzibar, and has made an agreement with Vodacom Tanzania to use the latter's facilities on the mainland, and thus, essentially to provide national roaming.
In East Africa, Vodacom Tanzania has its footprints within Tanzania and it has roaming arrangements with a number of East African carriers, such as MTN Uganda and Safaricom Kenya. The free-roaming zone in East Africa, between Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda was formed on 2 February 2007. Similarly to "One Network", world's first borderless network across East Africa, launched by Celtel on 27 September 2006. The free-roaming zone enables its subscribers to roam free between these countries, thereby scrapping roaming charges, making telephone calls and sending SMS at their home tariff and receiving incoming phone calls and SMS for free. It also enables them to buy airtime with their own vouchers when travelling outside of their home country.
As of 2008, Vodacom Tanzania prepaid customers have only restricted roaming privileges (except for Kenya and Uganda roaming). While international roaming is available to all post-paid customers, it must first be activated through customer service. Once provisioned, charges for calls and SMS made and received while on international roaming are then added to customer's monthly post-paid account back in Tanzania. The company has International Roaming through partnerships with 288 live networks across 140 countries and territories such as Kerala in India. The newest roaming destinations include China and Germany. In Germany Vodacom prepaid customers are allowed to roam with Vodafone D2.
3G Upgrading
The 3G technology was part of a $126 million broadband technology roll-out and part of $1.3 million capital expenditure programme to extend the network of Vodacom in Tanzania as of December 2006. Again Siemens Communications based in South Africa was awarded a contract by Vodacom Tanzania to deliver and install the complete 3G network including HSDPA (High Speed Downlink Packet Access) technology. This is the second 3G network to be set up by Siemens in Southern Africa and it is claimed to be the first truly high-speed mobile broadband connectivity available in Tanzania. Siemens Communications was already responsible for building the 3G network for Vodacom in South Africa.
Although the 3G technology was officially used in early 2007, the technology and required frequency supporting 3G services was in operational since early December 2006 as a testing phase to optimize the network. The company planned to extend the 3G capabilities to other regions of Tanzania in the aftermath of successful assessment of the first 3G roll-out. Vodacom Tanzania is the first in East Africa with such technology and it is claimed that 3G HSDPA gives a major competitive advantage to customers.
Plans for WiMAX
Among other network operators in Tanzania, Vodacom Tanzania has a plan to deploy WiMAX technology. Others include TTCL, tiGO, and ZanTel. As for 28 September 2007, Celtel Tanzania could not indicate any plan for WiMAX roll-out.
Vodacom Tanzania's plans for WiMAX was followed by spectrum guaranteed by regulator for 3.5 GHz. The guaranteed spectrum will be used for targeting data transfer for corporate sector in major cities within the country.
Currently Vodacom Tanzania is using Cambridge Broadband's VectaStar equipment. This equipment can be deployed to backhaul traffic from both, mobile and data networks, including GSM, 3G and WiMAX sites. Actually, the equipment was fixed by Cambridge Broadband Limited as per radio transmission equipment contract. Vodacom Tanzania awarded the major radio transmission equipment contract to Cambridge Broadband Limited on 5 September 2006.
Ownership
The shares of the stock of Vodacom Tanzania are traded in the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange. As of March 2020, the shareholding in the company stock was as depicted in the table below, after Vodacom Group Limited acquired 26.25% of the Company's shares that were owned by Mirambo Limited.
Other Telecom Companies In Tanzania
The table below illustrates the market shareholding among the active mobile network operators in Tanzania, as of 31 December 2020.
Shareholding
In August 2017, the shares of stock of Vodacom Tanzania were listed on the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange, where they trade under the symbol: VODA.
See also
Celtel Africa Challenge
List of mobile network operators in Tanzania
References
External links
Vodacom Tanzania Extends IPO To Give Local Investors More Time
Telecommunication companies of Tanzania
Mobile phone companies of Tanzania
Dar es Salaam
Telecommunication companies established in 2000
2000 establishments in Tanzania
2017 initial public offerings
Keith Paora Curry (sometimes Keith Paul Curry) was the first male nurse in New Zealand's Plunket maternal health service. On 23 May 2005, the Northland Polytechnic-trained bilingual nurse with 10 years nursing experience started work at the Plunket Society, New Zealand's century-old maternal health organisation.
In May 2010 Curry was sentenced to a year in prison for internet grooming a 14-year-old girl and a 15-year-old girl between June and September 2009. Curry was also disciplined in 2011 for giving a pregnant woman inappropriate drugs in July 2009. Neither occurred while he was working for Plunket. Curry has been struck off the nurse's register under the Health Practitioners Competence Assurance Act 2003 by the Health Practitioners Disciplinary Tribunal.
On 29 July 2014, the NZ Sensible Sentencing Trust advised the public via Facebook that Curry had changed his name to Paora Muriwai-Curry.
References
Living people
New Zealand nurses
New Zealand criminals
Year of birth missing (living people)
Male nurses
Tamarack/Osceola Smelter was a copper smelter jointly built by the Tamarack and Osceola mining companies in 1888 in Dollar Bay, Michigan. The smelting was merged in 1891 with the Detroit and Lake Superior Company to form the Lake Superior Smelting Company.
See also
Copper mining in Michigan
List of Copper Country smelters
Notes
Metallurgical facilities in Michigan
Buildings and structures in Houghton County, Michigan
Kennedy Cove () is a cove in Wylie Bay, Antarctica, located north of Loudwater Cove. It was named for Henry Kennedy, who was Deputy Director of the Peninsula System for Antarctic Services, and also worked for Antarctic Support Associates. He managed the conversion of the MV Polar Duke from an oil industry supply vessel to a research vessel, and managed the construction of its replacement the RV Laurence M. Gould.
References
Coves of Graham Land
Danco Coast
Stuart Slotnick (born June 8, 1969) is a New York City defense attorney and a partner at Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney.
Personal life
In 2006, Slotnick married Amy Albert, a counsel to New York law firm Weiss & Hiller. His father is Barry Slotnick, a litigation attorney well known for defending Bernard Goetz.
Career
Slotnick graduated from Brandeis University cum laude and attended New York University for law school. He currently serves as the managing shareholder of Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney's New York office. Prior to joining Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney, he served as a special counsel at a New York litigation boutique.
Slotnick is known for defending several soldiers against the Army's stop-loss policy. In 2004, he successfully defended Jay Ferriola, a retired Army Captain who was ordered to redeploy to Iraq after completing eight years of service, under the grounds that the Army violated his due process rights. The case was the first to challenge the Army's stop-loss policy, which had affected tens of thousands of soldiers since the start of the Iraq War. Slotnick went on to successfully try four more similar cases.
Slotnick also serves as corporate counsel to billionaire casino magnate, Steve Wynn, in litigation matters that have resulted in successful dismissal of claims and positive settlements. He has also served as a long-time lawyer for American Apparel. In December 2006, he helped them navigate a $250 million acquisition deal with Endeavour Acquisition Corp. He later represented American Apparel when they were sued by Woody Allen for using Allen's image without permission. The suit was settled before trial by American Apparel paying Allen $5 million.
Slotnick represented Donald Schupak of Renaissance Art Investors in their case against Salander-O'Reilly art galleries. After the gallery's owner Lawrence Salander accumulated debts to multiple clients including Schupak, Salander was forced to postpone a huge exhibition. Slotnick went on to secure hundreds of works from Salander for Renaissance Art Galleries. He represented Weitz Communications in a suit against Capital Play over an allegedly unpaid consulting fee. He won a $2 million suit for a woman who had permanent liver damage from the diabetes drug Rezulin. Slotnick worked for Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz and was acknowledged for his work in the New York Times bestselling book Chutzpah.
Most recently, Slotnick attained a settlement for Sportingbet PLC in a case against the United States Attorney of the Southern District of New York. Sportingbet PLC, a publicly traded company on the London Stock Exchange (LON: SBT) entered into a non-prosecution agreement and forfeiture of $33 million. The settlement was viewed as a positive one for Sportingbet, as a competitor, Partygaming PLC, settled similar charges in 2009 for $105 million.
References
1969 births
Living people
Brandeis University alumni
New York (state) lawyers
New York University School of Law alumni
Criminal defense lawyers
