Enrique "Kiko" Solis is a former boxer from Puerto Rico, who in 1978 challenged Eusebio Pedroza of Panama for Pedroza's WBA's recognized world Featherweight championship. Solis is a member of a prolific Puerto Rican boxing family, his brothers being former WBA and Ring Magazine world Bantamweight champion Julian Solís, former WBC world Junior Lightweight title challenger Rafael Solis and Santos Solis, who once fought Wilfred Benítez as a professional and went ten rounds with him. He is from Caimito, Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico.
Professional boxing career
Kiko Solis made his professional boxing debut on February 19, 1972 at the Hiram Bithorn Stadium in San Juan, defeating the also debuting Samuel Feliciano by first-round knockout. He followed that initial victory with an April 15 points win over Lecardo Millan, another debuting fighter.
On May 13, Solis tasted defeat as a professional for the first time, when facing debutant Santiago Rosas, who outpointed him over four rounds at San Juan. A rematch with Rosas was held in Ponce on July 8, and Solis was knocked out in round four.
Solis took off almost a year after the second loss to Rosas but re-emerged in the last seven months of 1973 fighting five times during that span, going 3-1-1 in those bouts, defeating 1-5 Gilberto Mendez on May 12 by a fourth-round knockout at the Country Club Stadium in Carolina, debuting Rolando Martinez by six-round decision at Isabela on July 14, and 8-2 Enrique Alonso by a ten-round decision November 30 at San Juan. He lost to 3-5-1 Tony Tris by split eight-round decision on August 21 in San Juan, and drew (tied) with Adriano Marrero, who'd later challenge Antonio Cervantes for the Colombian's WBA world Junior Welterweight title, over eight rounds at San Juan on October 24.
Solis' two 1974 bouts were significant because they were against Benjamin Ortiz, another Puerto Rican and who also fought multiple world class fighters. For their first bout, Ortiz came in with a 13-7 record. On March 3, Solis outpointed Ortiz over six rounds in San Juan, but on their rematch, June 26, Ortiz, by then 14-9, avenged that loss by a ten-round decision at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum also in San Juan.
Kiko Solis' 1975 professional boxing campaign included four bouts, in which he went 1-2-1 with one knockout. On April 12, he dropped a ten-round decision in San Juan to 14-4-2 local prospect Santos Luis Rivera; on July 28, he beat the mismatched Benito Estrella, 0-5-1, by knockout in round eight at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum; on September 20 he made his first fight abroad when losing by knockout in eight rounds to undefeated, 9-0 Oscar Arnal at the Nuevo Circo in Caracas, Venezuela and on November 17, he drew over ten rounds with 8-14 Andres Torres in San Juan.
Solis had four bouts in 1976, each against the same opponent: he and trial horse Francisco Cruz met on January 3, January 18, April 5 and June 5, each time at San Juan. Cruz was 5-10 before their first match, 5-11 before their second, 5-12 before their third and 5-14 before their fourth. Each time Solis won by ten-round decisions. Solis only had two bouts in 1977, but they were important ones: on July 11, he outpointed 28-1, world ranked Hector Medina over ten rounds at San Juan. This win propelled him to a top-ten ranking among the Featherweights by the WBA.
The win against Medina allowed Solis to have a chance at fighting former WBA world Featherweight champion Alexis Arguello, who'd later add two more world titles and be inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame. Arguello was by this time attempting to win a world Junior Lightweight title and was 51-4 coming into their fight. Solis went up in weight to the Junior Lightweight division for this bout, held at Somoza Stadium in Managua, Nicaragua on December 18. Solis was dropped twice in round five, the fight being stopped shortly thereafter.
On January 28, 1978, as part of the Arguello-Alfredo Escalera I's undercard, Solis faced Panamanian Diego Alcala, 27-10-2, with view of facing the Arguello-Escalera bout's winner for the WBC world Junior Lightweight title, in a fight held at Bayamon, Puerto Rico. Alcala, however, outpointed Solis over ten rounds. Solis then returned to the Featherweight division, where he had a pair of points wins over two debutant fighters, Frank Morales in eight rounds on February 14 at San Juan, and Frank Moncada over ten rounds on August 26 at Carolina. After this, Solis was given his world title chance.
World title fight
On November 27, 1978, Solis found himself challenging Eusebio Pedroza, a world-traveling World Boxing Association's Featherweight champion of the world, in a 15-round bout for the Panamanian's world championship at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum in San Juan. Solis gave a good account of himself against the 19-3 Pedroza, winning a few rounds on each of the three judges' scorecards, but he still lost a unanimous, albeit relatively close, decision after 15 rounds by the scores of 147-144, 148-141 and 147-145, all in favor of Pedroza, who'd later join Arguello in the International Boxing Hall of Fame as a member.
Rest of career
Solis followed his title try with three more losses, to form a four fight losing streak. Among them, he lost to 22-9-2 Abdul Bey on June 12, 1979 at the Blaisdell Center in Honolulu, Hawaii-his first fight in the United States-an October 19 loss to 10-0 Patrick Ford for the Fecarbox regional Featherweight title at Georgetown, Guyana by ten-round decision, and a ten-round split decision defeat to 21-2 Mike Ayala at the Madison Square Garden's Felt Forum in New York, New York on November 23 (in 1986 his brother Julian would also lose a ten-round split decision to Ayala).
Enrique Solis returned his name to the winning column on his next fight, when he faced Felix Trinidad Sr. on December 18 in San Juan, knocking out the former Puerto Rican national Featherweight titlist in round nine.
Solis took 1980 off but returned in 1981 to defeat 9-7-3 Heriberto Olivares by a ten-round decision in San Juan, after which he was granted a shot at the USBA's Super Featherweight title against the undefeated, 17-0 John Verderosa. The Verderosa-Solis bout took place on June 4, 1981, also at the Felt Forum in New York. Solis lost a twelve-round unanimous decision and decided to retire afterwards.
He returned for one fight in 1983, losing to 12-2-1 Margarito Marquez on January 14 by fourth-round knockout at Chicago, Illinois. This was Solis' last fight as a professional boxer.
Solis had a record of 16 wins, 14 losses and two draws (ties), with 4 knockout wins.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Puerto Rican male boxers
Featherweight boxers
Super-featherweight boxers
Living people
USA-242, also known as GPS IIF-4, GPS IIF SV-5, Navstar-68 and Vega, is an American navigation satellite which was launched on 15 May 2013 and became operational on 21 June 2013. The fourth Block IIF GPS satellite, it forms part of the Global Positioning System.
USA-242 is a spacecraft, built by Boeing with a design life of 15 years. It operates from a semi-synchronous medium Earth orbit, at an altitude of an inclination of 55 degrees, in slot 5 of plane C of the GPS constellation. The new satellite was originally intended to replace the seventeen-year-old USA-117 satellite, but currently both USA-117 (SVN-33) and USA-242 (SVN-66) are in active use. USA-242 broadcasts its navigation signals using the PRN-27 signal modulation.
United Launch Alliance conducted the launch of GPS IIF-4, using an Atlas V 401 carrier rockets. Launch took place from Space Launch Complex 41 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, with liftoff occurring at 21:38 UTC on 15 May 2013, the beginning of an 18-minute launch window. The launch marked the first time since 1985 that a GPS satellite had launched on an Atlas rocket, or indeed any rocket other than a Delta.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2013
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched by Atlas rockets
Jean-Pierre Garuet-Lempirou (born 15 June 1953) is a former French international rugby union player. He played as a prop for FC Lourdes.
He earned his first cap with the French national team on 13 November 1983 against Australia at Clermont-Ferrand. Since then he was established as one of the elite props in world rugby. He was called for the 1987 Rugby World Cup, where France was runners-up to New Zealand.
References
1953 births
Living people
French rugby union players
France international rugby union players
Rugby union props
People from Lourdes
FC Lourdes players
Sportspeople from Hautes-Pyrénées
Lena Sophie Oberdorf (born 19 December 2001) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Frauen-Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg and the Germany national team.
Career
A versatile player who can play in various positions ranging from centre-back, left-back, defensive midfielder and central midfielder, Oberdorf is considered to be one of the most promising young talents in women's football.
She was born in Gevelsberg. During the 2017 UEFA U-17 Women's Championship, Germany lifted their sixth title and Oberdorf was named the best player of the tournament. At the age of 17, she was selected for the Germany squad for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup and has since gone on to establish herself as a starter in the national team.
Personal life
Oberdorf's brother Tim Oberdorf is also a footballer.
Career statistics
Scores and results list Germany's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Oberdorf goal.
Honours
VfL Wolfsburg
Frauen-Bundesliga: 2021–22
DFB-Pokal Frauen: 2020–21, 2021–22
Germany
UEFA Women's Championship runner-up: 2022
Germany U17
UEFA U-17 Women's Championship: 2017
Individual
UEFA Women's Championship Young Player of the Tournament: 2022
UEFA Women's Championship Team of the Tournament: 2022
UEFA Women's Under-17 Championship Best Player: 2017
Fritz Walter Medal: Gold 2020, Silver 2019, Bronze 2018
References
External links
2017: Lena Oberdorf, UEFA
Interview mit Marina Hegering und Lena Oberdorf, DFB 7 April 2019
Lena Sophie Oberdorf Getty
2001 births
Living people
German women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Germany women's international footballers
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Frauen-Bundesliga players
SGS Essen players
UEFA Women's Euro 2022 players
VfL Wolfsburg (women) players
Atmosphere is a luxury residential superstructure in Kolkata, India. Atmosphere consists of two tall towers and a 'Deya', the world's first residential floating sky sculpture.
The project was inspired by Singapore's Marina Bay Sands integrated resort.
"Deya"
Sitting 500 ft in the air, 'Deya' (which means cloud in Bengali) connects the two towers that make up Atmosphere. Deya houses club facilities for the residents of Atmosphere. Initially conceived as a cloud changing in porosity and form, Deya is not a physical extension of the tower as such, since the majority of the spaces within are open air. The skin is composed of expanded mesh panels wrapped around structural ribs. Special panels carrying shimmering mobile reflective disks are scattered across this mesh. The porosity of these materials enables Deya to appear different in form depending on how it is lit. The Deya will house the residents' community and recreational facilities, including a swimming pool, gymnasium, spas, running track, sporting facilities, virtual golf, cinema, meeting spaces and function facilities.
Other
Atmosphere was selected by Nat Geo to feature in their Megastructures documentary series.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Kolkata
References
External links
The Atmosphere official site
Skyscrapers in India
Foster and Partners buildings
Residential skyscrapers in India
SCOTS Camanachd is the only shinty team in the British Armed Forces.
History
It was established in 1994 by Fraser MacKenzie and the club originally played under the name of the Queen's Own Highlanders.
They continued as the Highlanders Shinty Club representing the Highlanders (Seaforth, Gordons and Camerons) regiment which in 2006 was amalgamated into the Royal Regiment of Scotland as the 4th Battalion is an infantry battalion of the British Army.
The club narrowly lost out in 2003 in South Division 2 to Glasgow University Shinty Club.
Due to the 4th Battalion's regular placements abroad, the team at present only plays in cup matches and friendlies. In 2006, the club played the first competitive Shinty game outside Scotland for 80 years, losing to London Camanachd 1-0 in the Bullough Cup, although they won the tie 9-1 on aggregate. They then progressed to the final where they defeated Lochside Rovers 3-1 to win their first ever national trophy of the competition on 23 September 2006, two months after returning from Basra.
The club did not enter competition in 2007 or 2008 due to operational reasons and re-emerged under the name, the SCOTS Shinty Club in 2009. The SCOTS are an abbreviation of the Royal Regiment of Scotland.
The club re-entered competition in 2009 under its new name and competed in the Sutherland and Bullough Cups once again. The team lost 2-1 to Kinlochshiel in the Sutherland Cup in 2009. The club was hit by tragedy when player Scott Bain died in a tragic accident whilst on leave on 20 July 2009.
The club undertook a tour of the Hebrides in 2009. In January 2010, they started marketing themselves to servicemen throughout the British Armed Forces and to veterans.
Whilst the club draws many of its players from Shinty playing parts of the Highlands, in particular the 4th Battalion (The Highlanders) but also the 5th Battalion (Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders), the club also look to encourage the sport throughout the British armed forces. With an increasingly wide range of armed forces personnel a rebranding exercise was undertaken and the club renamed SCOTS Camanachd for 2012.
Thanks to a deal struck between the Camanachd Association and British Forces Broadcasting Service, the players of the SCOTS had the opportunity to watch the Camanachd Cup Final broadcast live across the World on their bases.
The Scots played the Irish Defence Force Hurling team in the first ever international between the two countries. They were outclassed by a team with many inter-county players but it was a very successful occasion and may be repeated. The Scots also played in several sixes in 2012 including the St. Andrew's Sixes and the first ever London shinty festival, which they won, defeating London Camanachd and Cornwall Shinty Club.
The Scots celebrated the start of their 20th anniversary season with an appearance in the final of the St. Andrew's Sixes in 2014. They were defeated by Inverness-shire Camanachd.
The Scots continue to enter competitions as of 2018, although they withdrew from the Bullough Cup in the second round giving a walkover to Kyles, having defeated Aberdour in the first round. They took part in the Blue Flash Challenge against Caberfeidh in a friendly match.
References
External links
Official Website
MOD article on Highlanders' success
Pictures from the Bullough Cup Final 2006
Shinty teams
Royal Regiment of Scotland
Sport in the British Army
Organisations based in East Lothian
1994 establishments in Scotland
Sport clubs established in 1994
Sport in East Lothian
Brett Smith (born 11 May 1992) is a British racing driver currently competing in the Mini Challenge UK and the British Touring Car Championship for Eurotech Racing.
British Touring Car Championship
He joined the series from the Snetterton round in July replacing his father, Jeff who was injured in a crash during the qualifying session for the previous round at Croft.
Racing record
Career summary
Complete British Touring Car Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position – 1 point awarded just in first race; races in italics indicate the fastest lap – 1 point awarded all races; * signifies that driver led race for at least one lap – 1 point given all races)
References
1992 births
Living people
British Touring Car Championship drivers
Renault UK Clio Cup drivers
Mini Challenge UK drivers
The Europe/Africa Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 1999.
In the Europe/Africa Zone there were four different tiers, called groups, in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier. The top two teams in each Group IV sub-zone advanced to the Europe/Africa Zone Group III in 2000. All other teams remained in Group IV.
Participating nations
Draw
Venue: Accra Sports Stadium, Accra, Ghana
Date: 18–22 May
Zone A
Zone B
, , and promoted to Group III in 2000.
Zone A
Malta vs. Iceland
Cyprus vs. Sudan
Cyprus vs. Ethiopia
Iceland vs. Sudan
Malta vs. Sudan
Ethiopia vs. Iceland
Malta vs. Ethiopia
Cyprus vs. Iceland
Malta vs. Cyprus
Ethiopia vs. Sudan
Zone B
Azerbaijan vs. San Marino
Madagascar vs. Uganda
Azerbaijan vs. Uganda
Botswana vs. San Marino
Azerbaijan vs. Madagascar
Botswana vs. Uganda
Botswana vs. Madagascar
San Marino vs. Uganda
Azerbaijan vs. Botswana
Madagascar vs. San Marino
References
External links
Davis Cup official website
Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone
Europe Africa Zone Group IV
Tunisia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Background
Tunisia finished the 2016 Games ranked third all time for total medals won by African countries, with 74 all time, of which 32 were gold, 28 silver and 14 bronze. They were ahead of fourth ranked Zimbabwe who had 23 gold, 26 silver and 20 bronze medals for a total of 69 medals. They were behind second ranked Egypt who had 143 total medals, 45 gold, 43 silver and 55 bronze.
Tunisia also finished number one in terms of total medals won by an African country in Rio. They won 19 total medals. Their total number of gold medals, 7, put them second in Africa, behind Nigeria with 8.
Medalists
Gold medalists
Silver medalists
Bronze medalists
Athletics
Men
Track & road events
See also
Tunisia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Tunisian sport
Hennings is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Artur Hennings (1940–2003), German chess master
Chad Hennings (born 1965), American football defensive lineman
Emmy Hennings (1885–1948), German performer and poet
Ernest Martin Hennings (1886–1956), American painter, member of Taos Society of Artists
John Hennings (c. 1833–1898), theatrical scene painter in Australia
Margit Hennings (born 1943), Austrian chess master
Rouwen Hennings (born 1987), German football player
Thomas C. Hennings Jr. (1903-1960), American politician, Congressional Representative and Senator from Missouri
Andrew Hennings and Kate Hennings, fictional characters
Marian Cucchiaroni Mihail (; born 7 May 1958) is a Romanian professional football manager and former player.
An attack-minded right-back, Mihail spent almost his entire 17-year career with Sportul Studentesc Bucharest in the top flight of Romanian football. He also represented Romania internationally at U21, U23 and senior levels.
Since retiring from playing, Mihail has moved into coaching and managed teams in Romania, the Middle East and Southeast Asia. He has also served as National Technical Director of Romania from 2011 to 2014.
Club career
Mihail began his senior career in 1975, at the age of 17, playing as a winger for his hometown club Brasov, in the second tier of Romanian football, making 24 appearances and scoring 8 goals.
The following season he moved to Sportul Studentesc Bucharest, where he spent 16 successive years of Romanian top flight football, playing over 400 league games and scoring 6 goals.Mihail made his competitive debut for Sportul Studentesc Bucharest on 20 October 1976, aged just 18, in the first leg of their 1976-77 UEFA Cup second round against German side Schalke 04. It was in the early 1980s that he was converted from a winger to an attacking full-back. During his time at Sportul Studentesc Bucharest, Mihail was Romanian FA Cup runner-up in the 1978-79 season and Romanian League runner-up in the 1985-86 season. He also played 16 European games for the club from 1976 to 1987.
International career
Mihail won five caps for Romania national team between 1982 to 1986. He made his international debut on 14 March 1982 in a 4-1 friendly defeat to Belgium at Heysel Stadium in Brussels, Belgium. Mihail was also part of Romania`s squad for UEFA Euro 1984 qualifying campaign, but he missed the final tournament in France.
Managerial career
Mihail began his coaching career in June 1996 as manager of his former club Sportul Studentesc Bucharest, in Romania`s top tier. He then managed other two Romanian top flight sides, Brasov and Bacau, before returning to Sportul Studentesc Bucharest in June 1998 for his second spell as manager of the club, relegated from Romania`s top tier.
In October 1999, Mihail was appointed as sporting and technical director at Romanian giants Steaua Bucharest, the most successful football club in Romania and former UEFA Champions League winners, with responsibility for the first team`s player recruitment and tactical scouting, the Academy, medical and sports science, and the player loan department. During his time at the club, the First Team won two major trophies, the Romanian League title and Romanian Super Cup, in the 2000-01 season.
In June 2002, after a stint as manager of Romanian second tier side Rocar Bucharest, Mihail moved to the Middle East, where he had successful spells in the top flight football, first in Syria with Al-Qardaha, and then in Saudi Arabia with Al-Riyadh.
In June 2004, Mihail returned home to Romania in order to complete his UEFA Pro Licence with the Romania Football Federation (FRF). During that period, he was employed by the Romania Football Federation (FRF) as youth technical adviser, and also helped them to set up the Romanian national youth program. He also had a short stint as manager of Romanian second tier side Sibiu.
In May 2006, Mihail moved back to the Middle East, where he signed a two-year contract with the Syrian giants Al-Jaish Damascus. His first competitive match in charge was a 1-3 loss away to Enppi Cairo in the 2006-07 Arab Champions League.
In June 2008, Mihail was appointed as manager of Kuwaiti top flight side Al-Jahra, on a one-year contract. In between, Mihail returned home to Romania for his third spell as manager of Sportul Studentesc Bucharest, in Romania`s second tier. At a ceremony marking the centenary of the Romania Football Federation (FRF) held in Bucharest on 12 May 2009, Mihail received the Order of Merit in Ruby for his services to Romanian football.
In June 2009, Mihail signed a two-year contract as technical director of Al-Wahda Abu Dhabi, one of the most prestigious club in the United Arab Emirates, where he was responsible for the club′s youth academy and the reserve team. Mihail`s primary focus was to develop a strong academy set up and ensure that all the Al-Wahda youth teams play the same style. Under his stewardship, the academy won two national titles at the U17 and U19 levels in the 2009-10 season.
In August 2011, Mihail was appointed as National Technical Director of the Romania Football Federation (FRF) and coordinator of all the youth national teams, on a three-year term. The position was new in the FRF at the time and included responsibility for the overall development and direction of football in Romania. Mihail's main task was to restore the competitiveness of Romanian football. After becoming familiar with the situation in Romanian football and many analyses and consultations, both within the football family and with external partners, Mihail presented his strategic plan to stop the decline of Romanian football and to achieve new success at all levels of competition. Priority was given to improve the quality of youth coaches, the performance of the national youth teams and to develop strong partnerships with the Royal Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) to promote new technical standards across the country.
In only three years the new performance strategy has laid a solid base for the future development of football in Romania. This has included reforming the coach education system, revamping the format of the youth leagues and the success of the national youth teams program, both boys and girls, among other healthy developments.
In February 2014, it was announced that Mihail officially left his role with the FRF, just before the election of a new president for the Romania Football Federation (FRF) .
In September 2016, Mihail moved back into club coaching as manager of Iraqi top flight side Zakho, on a one-year contract. His first league game in charge was on 26 October 2016 when Zakho faced away Naft Al-Wasat, the best team in the league at the time, with the match ending in a 0–0 draw. In early January 2017, Mihail announced his decision to leave Zakho due to sectarian unrest in the country, and was replaced by another Romanian manager, Dorinel Munteanu.
In December 2017, Mihail was named the new manager of Vietnamese top flight side FLC Thanh Hóa, replacing Ljubomir "Lupko" Petrović of Serbia. His first competitive match as manager of the team was on 23 January 2018, when FLC Thanh Hóa defeated hosts Eastern AA of Hong Kong 4-2 in the second qualifying round of the 2018 AFC Champions League tournament. In the next round, they were eliminated from the competition by the South Korean giants and two-time Asian Champions League winners Suwon Samsung Bluewings, in an away match played at the Suwon World Cup Stadium, South Korea on 30 January 2018. The Vietnamese club then took part in the 2018 AFC Cup, Asia's secondary club football tournament, where they joined Bali United from Indonesia, Yangon United from Myanmar ang Global Cebu from the Philippines in Group G. Its first game was against Global Cebu on 10 February 2018.
References
External links
Romania National Team 1980-1989 - Details
1958 births
Living people
Footballers from Bucharest
Romanian footballers
Association football defenders
Romania international footballers
Liga II players
FC Brașov (1936) players
Liga I players
FC Sportul Studențesc București players
Romanian football managers
FC Sportul Studențesc București managers
FC Brașov (1936) managers
FCM Bacău managers
AFC Rocar București managers
Al-Riyadh SC managers
Al Jahra SC managers
Romanian expatriate football managers
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Expatriate football managers in Kuwait
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate football managers in Saudi Arabia
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Syria
Expatriate football managers in Syria
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Iraq
Expatriate football managers in Iraq
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Vietnam
Expatriate football managers in Vietnam
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate football managers in the United Arab Emirates
Theocharis Iliadis (; born 5 September 1996) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Super League 2 club AEL.
References
1996 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Regionalliga players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece players
FSV Budissa Bautzen players
Volos N.F.C. players
Pierikos F.C. players
Diagoras F.C. players
Athlitiki Enosi Larissa F.C. players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Katerini
A mystery film is a genre of film revolving around the solution to a problem or a crime. It focuses on the efforts of a protagonist to solve the mystery by means of clues, investigation, and deduction.
This is a list of mystery films by decade.
1910s
1920s
1930s
1940s
1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
Footnotes
Mystery films
Ptiliogonys is a genus of bird in the family Ptiliogonatidae.
Species
It contains the following species:
Bird genera
Ptiliogonatidae
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Hits Album 4 or Hits 4 is a compilation album released in the UK in March 1986 by CBS and WEA, with RCA Ariola now also joining the partnership from this release onwards. It followed The Hits Album and Hits 2 to the top of the UK Top 100 Album chart and remained there for 4 weeks. A VHS compilation was also released by RCA/Columbia Pictures International Video.
Hits 4 features four songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: "The Sun Always Shines on T.V.", "I'm Your Man", "Chain Reaction" and "West End Girls".
Track listing
Record/Tape 1 Side 1 (1)
A-ha - "The Sun Always Shines on T.V."
Feargal Sharkey - "You Little Thief"
Wham! - "I'm Your Man"
The Bangles - "Manic Monday"
Madonna - "Borderline"
The Blow Monkeys - "Digging Your Scene"
Belouis Some - "Imagination"
Record/Tape 1 Side 2 (2)
Diana Ross - "Chain Reaction"
Whitney Houston - "How Will I Know"
Alexander O'Neal - "If You Were Here Tonight (Remix)"
Five Star - "System Addict"
Paul Hardcastle - "Don't Waste My Time"
Whistle - "(Nothing Serious) Just Buggin'"
Full Force - "Alice, I Want You Just For Me!"
Record/Tape 2 Side 1 (3)
The Damned - "Eloise"
Fine Young Cannibals - "Suspicious Minds"
Public Image Ltd - "Rise"
Bronski Beat - "Hit That Perfect Beat"
Eurythmics - "It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)"
Pet Shop Boys - "West End Girls"
Mr. Mister - "Kyrie (Edit)"
Record/Tape 2 Side 2 (4)
Double - "The Captain of Her Heart"
Latin Quarter - "Radio Africa"
Mike + The Mechanics - "Silent Running (On Dangerous Ground)"
Howard Jones - "No One Is to Blame"
Dee C. Lee - "Come Hell or Waters High"
Kate Bush - "Hounds of Love"
Electric Light Orchestra - "Calling America"
Video selection
Paul Hardcastle - "Don't Waste My Time"
The Bangles - "Manic Monday"
Perils of Plastic - "Ring-A-Ding-Ding"†
Full Force - "Alice, I Want You Just For Me!"
Five Star - "System Addict"
Latin Quarter - "Radio Africa"
Matt Bianco - "I Just Can't Stand It"†
The Blow Monkeys - "Digging Your Scene"
Dee C. Lee - "Come Hell or Waters High"
Clannad feat. Bono - "In a Lifetime"†
Alexander O'Neal - "If You Were Here Tonight (Remix)"
Thompson Twins - "Revolution"†
Wham! - "I'm Your Man"
Howard Jones - "No One Is to Blame"
† Never appeared on any Hits album.
References
Collins Complete UK Hit Albums 1956-2005. Graham Betts. 2005. .
1986 compilation albums
Pop compilation albums
CBS Records compilation albums
Warner Music Group compilation albums
Hits (compilation series) albums
Joep op de Kamp (born 22 January 1985) is a retired Dutch football defender.
References
1985 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Fortuna Sittard players
RKVV EVV players
Eerste Divisie players
Association football defenders
Gordon Van Tol (February 22, 1960 – January 11, 2010) was a Canadian water polo player.
Van Tol played for the Canadian national water polo team in the 1984 Olympic Games, scoring one goal. He also played in the 1983 Pan American Games.
He died at the age of 49 from a heart attack on January 11, 2010.
References
External links
Gordon Van Tol's profile at Sports Reference.com
1960 births
2010 deaths
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Siam Center () is a shopping center near Siam BTS station in Bangkok, Thailand.
History
Siam Center was built in 1973 as one of Bangkok's first shopping malls. It has undergone renovation several times, including after a fire in 1995. On 11 January 2013, Siam Center re-branded itself as Siam Center The Ideaopolis.
Siam Discovery
Siam Discovery completed in 1997. The mall underwent a large scale refurbishment in 2016 designed by Nendo.
Awards and recognition
2013: Best Commercial Renovation/Redevelopment Thailand "Siam Discovery Renovation” from the Asia Pacific Property Award
See also
List of shopping malls in Thailand
References
External links
Corporate website
Shopping malls in Bangkok
Pathum Wan district
Shopping malls established in 1973
1973 establishments in Thailand
Lepidodactylus herrei, known commonly as the Negros scaly-toed gecko or the white-lined smooth-scaled gecko, is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to the Philippines.
Etymology
The specific name, herrei, is in honor of American ichthyologist Albert William Herre.
Geographic range
In the Philippines L. herrei is found on the islands of Cebu and Negros.
Reproduction
L. herrei is oviparous.
Subspecies
Including the nominotypical subspecies, there are two subspecies which are recognized as being valid.
Lepidodactylus herrei herrei
Lepidodactylus herrei medianus
References
Further reading
Brown WC, Alcala AC (1978). Philippine Lizards of the Family Gekkonidae. Dumaguete City, Philippines: Silliman University. vii + 146 pp. (Lepidodactylus herrei medianus, new subspecies, p. 91).
Taylor EH (1923). "Additions to the herpetological fauna of the Philippine Islands, III". Philippine J. Sci. 22: 515-557 + Plates I-III. (Lepidodactylus herrei, new species, pp. 529–531).
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles of the Philippines
Endemic fauna of the Philippines
Taxa named by Edward Harrison Taylor
Reptiles described in 1923
A VCR is a videocassette recorder.
VCR may also refer to:
VCR (band), a rock band from Richmond, Virginia
VCR (EP)
"VCR" (song), a song by The xx
Variable compression ratio
Video Cassette Recording, an early videocassette recorder system by Philips
Vincristine, a natural alkaloid
Swagelok VCR - a type of vacuum equipment connectors
Voltage-controlled resistor, electronic component
Panhard VCR, a French armored personnel carrier
Radio Kilat 107.7 (DXQB 107.7 MHz) is an FM station owned by Subic Broadcasting Corporation and operated by Kilat RadioKast. Its studio is located at Brgy. Poblacion, Quezon, Bukidnon, and its transmitter is located at Brgy. Butong, Quezon, Bukidnon.
References
External links
Radio Kilat FB Page
Radio stations in Bukidnon
Radio stations established in 2015
The 1959–60 season was the 55th season of competitive football in Turkey.
Overview
Beşiktaş were crowned champions for the first time. The club recorded eleven wins by a 1–0 result. Fenerbahçe finished second, while Galatasaray placed third. Baraj Maçları (Baraj Matches) were created to decide who would be relegated and who would be promoted. The bottom three teams from the Milli Lig faced off against the winning teams from the Adana, Ankara, Istanbul, and İzmir leagues. Altınordu were the only club to stay in the Milli Lig, while Hacettepe and Adalet were relegated to the Ankara and Istanbul leagues respectively.
In Europe, Fenerbahçe took part in the 1959–60 European Cup. They were knocked out by OGC Nice in the first round after losing out in the play-off match. Beşiktaş qualified for the 1960–61 European Cup after winning the 1959–60 Milli Lig.
Honours
Notes – Number in parentheses is the times that club has won that honour.
Awards
Gol Kralı (Goal King)
Metin Oktay (Galatasaray) – 33 goals
Final league table
Baraj Maçları
Clubs in Europe
Fenerbahçe qualified for the 1959–60 European Cup after winning the 1959 Milli Lig. The club took part in the preliminary round, beating Hungarian side Csepel SC 4–3 on aggregate. The club progressed to the first round, where they met French club OGC Nice. Both clubs drew 3–3 on aggregate. An extra play-off match was needed to decide who would advance. Fenerbahçe went on to lose the play-off match 1–5.
Preliminary round
First round
Play-off
National team
The Turkey national football team took part in a single friendly during the 1959–60. They defeated Scotland 4–2, with Lefter Küçükandonyadis netting two goals.
References
Elaine Constance Smith (born 2 August 1958) is a Scottish actress, comedian, and political activist. She has starred in the BBC Scotland sitcoms City Lights (1984–91), Rab C. Nesbitt (1988–2014) and Two Doors Down (2016–), for which she won a BAFTA Scotland award. Her stage credits include the original productions of The Steamie (1987) and I Dreamed a Dream (2012). She has actively campaigned for Scottish independence.
Born and raised in Glasgow, Smith attended the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama and then completed a teacher training course at the Queen Margaret University in Edinburgh, where she then worked as a drama teacher at Firhill High School for three years. She made her first TV debut on the BBC Scotland's Laugh??? I Nearly Paid My Licence Fee in 1984. She then went on to star in sketch show Naked Video and the sitcom City Lights for seven years. Smith made her breakthrough, becoming a household name, after starring as Mary Doll Nesbitt in the BBC sitcom Rab C. Nesbitt. The show ran for nine years and three festive shows were made.
After Rab C. Nesbitt, she starred in various BBC dramas, including Two Thousand Acres of Sky and 55 Degrees North, and starred as Irene O'Brien in the film Women Talking Dirty. In 2015, she played Valerie Hardcastle in third series of The Syndicate. Smith has starred as Christine in the BBC Scotland's Two Doors Down since 2016. She won the BAFTA Scotland award for Best Actress - Television in 2018 for her performance.
A former member of the Scottish Labour Party, Smith has been an active member of the Scottish National Party (SNP), having declared her support for Scottish Independence.
Early life
Elaine Constance Smith was born on 2 August 1958 in Newarthill, Lanarkshire to Jim Smith. She attended Braidhurst High School in Motherwell. Smith auditioned for the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, now the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, at the age of 16 and was enrolled to complete a teaching course. She moved to Edinburgh and finished her teacher training at the Moray House College. In the late 1970s, Smith began working as a drama teacher at Firhill High School in Edinburgh. At University she was involved in student politics and after becoming a teacher she became active in trade union politics.
Career
Television
In 1984, she made her TV debut on the BBC Scotland comedy Laugh??? I Nearly Paid My Licence Fee; however, her first major television appearance came in 1986 as a star of the sketch show Naked Video. Made by BBC Scotland, it was shown throughout the UK on BBC2. In between seasons of Naked Video, Smith also starred in the Scottish sitcom City Lights, which ran for seven years on the BBC.
Smith is best known for her role as Mary 'Mary Doll' Nesbitt in the BBC sitcom Rab C. Nesbitt, a series based on characters in a Naked Video sketch. Launched in 1990 and set in Glasgow, the show was a cult hit, and ran for nine years on BBC Two. The show was revived for a Christmas special in 2008, two new series in 2010 and 2011, and a New Year special in 2014.
Smith has appeared in the BBC dramas Two Thousand Acres of Sky and 55 Degrees North, performed alongside Helena Bonham Carter in the British film Women Talking Dirty, and toured Scotland with her stand-up comedy show. In October 2007, she appeared in an episode of the Jennifer Saunders sitcom The Life and Times of Vivienne Vyle.
In 2010 she took part in an STV tribute to Scottish actor Gerard Kelly. In January 2011, she appeared on Celebrity Mastermind with singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell as her specialist subject. She finished second on the programme.
Since 2015, Smith has presented a documentary-style show entitled Burdz Eye View, broadcast by STV, in which she tours Scotland with her comedy act and talks about Scottish life and culture.
In 2015, Smith had a part in the third series of Kay Mellor's BBC drama The Syndicate.
In 2016, she began starring in the BBC Scotland sitcom Two Doors Down. She won the BAFTA Scotland award for Best Actress - Television in 2018 for her performance.
Theatre
For many years she was a regular in pantomime at the Kings' Theatre, Glasgow, starring alongside Gerard Kelly in performances such as Aladdin, Mother Goose and Sleeping Beauty. More recently, she has appeared in her own seasonal show, 12 Nights of Christmas at the Òran Mór, Glasgow.
She has also toured Scotland in straight plays, notably with Andy Gray, in The Woman Who Cooked Her Husband, Two and The Rise and Fall of Little Voice. Other notable Scottish theatre roles include The Steamie, Guys and Dolls and Shirley Valentine. She has also performed in new works at the Tron Theatre, Glasgow and the Traverse Theatre, Edinburgh.
In September 2008 she began touring the UK in a stage version of the hit British film Calendar Girls, along with Lynda Bellingham, Patricia Hodge, Siân Phillips, Gaynor Faye and Brigit Forsyth. The show opened in London's West End at the Noël Coward Theatre in April 2009. The original cast left the show at the end of July 2009, but Smith returned in a different role as part of a national tour in 2010.
From 2009 to 2016, Smith starred in Christmas pantomimes at His Majesty's Theatre, Aberdeen. In 2017 she returned to pantomimes at the King's Theatre, Glasgow.
In 2012, she played Scottish singer Susan Boyle in the touring musical I Dreamed a Dream (which she co-wrote with Alan McHugh), based on Boyle's life and rise to fame. There were plans to tour the show in Australia in 2013 but these were cancelled.
In 2016, Smith toured Scotland as Miss Hannigan in the musical Annie. In 2017, she toured Scotland in a musical version of Kay Mellor's Fat Friends.
Honours
She was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of the University by the University of Glasgow in 2008.
Personal life
Smith lives in Glasgow.
In August 2007, she was appointed to the Scottish Broadcasting Commission established by the Scottish Government.
Until 2009, Smith wrote a weekly column in the Sunday Mail newspaper.
In late 2009, her autobiography, Nothing Like a Dame (), was published.
Activism
In May 2007, Smith declared her support for Scottish independence by aligning herself with the Scottish National Party. She had previously been a member of the Labour Party but left due to its failure to publicly back the 1984–85 miners' strike.
She is a supporter of numerous charities, including Zero Tolerance and Relationships Scotland. She is also the patron of the Women and Girl's Programme at Celtic FC.
Filmography
Television
Film
Publications
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Actresses from Glasgow
Alumni of Queen Margaret University
Alumni of the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland
People educated at Braidhurst High School
People from Baillieston
Scottish columnists
Scottish film actresses
Scottish musical theatre actresses
Scottish nationalists
Scottish stage actresses
Scottish stand-up comedians
Scottish television actresses
Scottish television personalities
Scottish women comedians
Women columnists
Scottish republicans
"Missionary Man" is a song by British pop duo Eurythmics from their fifth studio album, Revenge (1986). The song features Jimmy Zavala on harmonica and Joniece Jamison on backing vocals.
In the band's native United Kingdom, it was the fourth single to be taken from the album and peaked at number 31 on the UK Singles Chart. It was more successful in the United States, where it was the first single to be taken from the album and peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 (their last main US top-20 entry to date). It also made the top 10 of the Billboard Hot Dance/Club Play chart, and it received extensive airplay on American rock radio, reaching number one on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, Eurythmics' only song to top this chart. The single also peaked at number nine in Australia, where it was released as the album's second single.
"Missionary Man" earned Eurythmics a 1986 Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. The video received heavy airplay on MTV and received five nominations at the 1987 MTV Video Music Awards.
Background
Upon the single's July 1986 US release, the song was described as being inspired in part by Lennox's 1984–1985 marriage to devout Hare Krishna Radha Raman. When discussing the song's inspiration and meaning, Lennox stated "Obviously, there is a personal meaning in [Missionary Man] for me, because of my past history. But I also think that there are a great deal of people in the media, in the form of politicians or religious speakers or philosophical people, people who are generally trying to have some power over other people, who I just don't trust."
Music video
Directed by Willy Smax, the music video for Missionary Man featured stop-animation techniques similar to those used in Peter Gabriel's "Sledgehammer" video from earlier in 1986. The video received heavy play from MTV and received five nominations at the 1987 MTV Video Music Awards.
Track listings
UK 7-inch single
A. "Missionary Man" (7″ Version) – 3:50
B. "The Last Time" (Live at The Roxy in Los Angeles)
UK 12-inch single
A. "Missionary Man" (Extended Version) – 6:55
B. "The Last Time" (Live at The Roxy in Los Angeles)
US 7-inch single
A. "Missionary Man" (7″ Version) – 3:50
B. "Take Your Pain Away" (LP Version) – 4:37
US 12-inch single
A. "Missionary Man" (Extended Version) – 6:55
B. "Take Your Pain Away" (LP Version) – 4:37
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1986 singles
1986 songs
Eurythmics songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Annie Lennox
Songs written by David A. Stewart
The 1996 Players Championship was a golf tournament in Florida on the PGA Tour, held at TPC Sawgrass in Ponte Vedra Beach, southeast of Jacksonville. It was the 23rd Players Championship.
Fred Couples shot a final round 64 to win his second Players, four strokes ahead of runners-up Colin Montgomerie and Tommy Tolles, the 54-hole leader. Couples' previous win was twelve years earlier in 1984.
Defending champion Lee Janzen finished thirteen strokes back, in a tie for 46th place.
Venue
This was the fifteenth Players Championship held at the TPC at Sawgrass Stadium Course, and it remained at .
Eligibility requirements
The top 125 PGA Tour members from the final 1995 Official Money List
All winners of PGA Tour events awarding official money and official victory status in the preceding 12 months, concluding with the Freeport-McDermott Classic and dating from the 1995 Players Championship
Winners in the last 10 calendar years of The Players Championship, Masters Tournament, U.S. Open, PGA Championship, and NEC World Series of Golf
British Open winners since 1990
Six players, not otherwise eligible, designated by The Players Championship Committee as "special selections"
Any players, not otherwise eligible, who are among the top-10 money-winners from the 1996 Official Money List through the Freeport-McDermott Classic
To complete a field of 144 players, those players in order, not otherwise eligible, from the 1996 Official Money List through the Freeport-McDermott Classic
Source:
Field
Joe Acosta Jr., John Adams, Fulton Allem, Robert Allenby, Billy Andrade, Woody Austin, Paul Azinger, Ian Baker-Finch, Chip Beck, Phil Blackmar, Jay Don Blake, Guy Boros, Michael Bradley, Mike Brisky, Mark Brooks, Brad Bryant, Patrick Burke, Curt Byrum, Mark Calcavecchia, Michael Campbell, Jim Carter, Brandel Chamblee, Brian Claar, Lennie Clements, John Cook, Fred Couples, Ben Crenshaw, John Daly, Marco Dawson, Glen Day, Jay Delsing, Ed Dougherty, David Duval, David Edwards, Joel Edwards, Steve Elkington, Ernie Els, Bob Estes, Brad Fabel, Nick Faldo, Rick Fehr, Keith Fergus, Dan Forsman, Robin Freeman, David Frost, Fred Funk, Jim Furyk, Jim Gallagher Jr., Robert Gamez, Kelly Gibson, Bill Glasson, Paul Goydos, Wayne Grady, Ken Green, Scott Gump, Jay Haas, Mike Heinen, Nolan Henke, Brian Henninger, Tim Herron, Scott Hoch, Mike Hulbert, John Huston, Hale Irwin, Peter Jacobsen, Lee Janzen, Steve Jones, Brian Kamm, Jerry Kelly, Tom Kite, Neal Lancaster, Tom Lehman, Justin Leonard, Bruce Lietzke, Bob Lohr, Davis Love III, Steve Lowery, Sandy Lyle, Andrew Magee, Jeff Maggert, John Mahaffey, Doug Martin, Billy Mayfair, Blaine McCallister, Scott McCarron, Mark McCumber, Jim McGovern, Rocco Mediate, Phil Mickelson, Larry Mize, Colin Montgomerie, Gil Morgan, John Morse, Larry Nelson, Frank Nobilo, Greg Norman, Mark O'Meara, Brett Ogle, David Ogrin, Masashi Ozaki, Naomichi Ozaki, Jesper Parnevik, Craig Parry, Corey Pavin, Kenny Perry, Dan Pohl, Don Pooley, Nick Price, Dillard Pruitt, Tom Purtzer, Mike Reid, Lee Rinker, Loren Roberts, Costantino Rocca, Charlie Rymer, Gene Sauers, Tom Scherrer, Scott Simpson, Joey Sindelar, Vijay Singh, Jeff Sluman, Craig Stadler, Mike Standly, Payne Stewart, Dave Stockton Jr., Curtis Strange, Steve Stricker, Mike Sullivan, Hal Sutton, Tommy Tolles, David Toms, Sam Torrance, Kirk Triplett, Ted Tryba, Bob Tway, Omar Uresti, Scott Verplank, Bobby Wadkins, Lanny Wadkins, Grant Waite, Duffy Waldorf, Tom Watson, Mark Wiebe, John Wilson, Ian Woosnam, Fuzzy Zoeller
Round summaries
First round
Thursday, March 28, 1996
Friday, March 29, 1996
Source:
Second round
Friday, March 29, 1996
Source:
Third round
Saturday, March 30, 1996
Source:
Final round
Sunday, March 31, 1996
References
External links
The Players Championship website
1996
1996 in golf
1996 in American sports
1996 in sports in Florida
March 1996 sports events in the United States
The 2018–19 Bobsleigh World Cup was a multi-race series over a season for bobsleigh. The season started on 8 December 2018 in Sigulda, Latvia and finished on 24 February 2019 in Calgary, Canada. The World Cup was organised by the IBSF (formerly the FIBT) who also run World Cups and Championships in skeleton. The season was sponsored by BMW.
Calendar
Below is the schedule of the 2018–19 season.
Results
Two-man
Four-man
Two-woman
Standings
Two-man
Four-man
Two-woman
Medal table
References
Bobsleigh World Cup
2018 in bobsleigh
2019 in bobsleigh
The men's 66 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 7 August at the Carioca Arena 2.
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver. Judo events awarded two bronze medals. Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other, with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket).
The medals for the competition were presented by Beatrice Allen, a Gambian member of the International Olympic Committee, and the gifts were presented by Yasuhiro Yamashita, International Judo Federation executive committee member.
Results
Finals
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
M66
Judo at the Summer Olympics Men's Half Lightweight
Men's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Haem or Heme carrier protein 1 (HCP1) was originally identified as mediating heme-Fe transport although it later emerged that it was a folate transporter.
References
Human proteins
Filippo Maria Renazzi (1745-1808) was an Italian Jurist and historian active in the Papal States of the eighteen century. During his life he was a well known scholar of criminal law, and nowadays he is mainly remembered for his history of the University of Rome.
Biography
He was born in Rome on 4 July 1745 to his Bolognese parents, Ercole Maria and Barbara Montacheti. As soon as he graduated in Law, as early as 1768, at the age of 21, he became a professor at the Archiginnasio Romano (as it was called at the time La Sapienza University of Rome). The following year he was entrusted with the Chair of criminal Law, which he held for 34 years. He was the author of Elements of Criminal Law (Elementa juris criminalis), adopted in many Italian universities as a textbook. In the four volumes that make up this work was the first to attempt a concise critical history of the discipline of criminal law.
His criminal doctrine spread throughout Italy and also in France. At the end of the eighteenth century it was among the most representative Italian penalists together with Luigi Cremani and Cesare Beccaria.
He was offered the chair of Jurisprudence of the University of Pavia, and in 1803 that of Criminal Law of the University of Bologna, but he refused to stay in Rome.
He was called by Empress Catherine II of Russia in St. Petersburg to collaborate in the laborious reform of the Criminal Code, which began in 1767 and lasted for many years.
He participated in the government of the 1798-99 Roman Republic, and for this reason at the restoration of the Papal States he was dismissed from teaching. He was shortly restored as professor at the Sapienza University in 1801 up to 1803 when he had to retire. In 1803 he was ascribed to Roman Nobility.
Renazzi dedicated the last years of his life to studies and publications, and in particular to his history of the University of Rome (La Sapienza University) published between 1803 and 1806.
He died in Rome on 29 June 1808, after 18 days of illness. His funeral monument is located in the entrance portico of the Basilica of Sant'Eustachio in Rome.
Works
Renazzi's main book related to Criminal Law is Elementa juris criminalis (Elements of criminal Law) in four volumes published in 1773, 1775, 1781, 1786. Renazzi in his book took a stand against the formalist and strict methods of the previous scholarship of criminal Laws, typical of authors such as Prospero Farinacci, moving towards a new, clear and structured approach typical of the Enlightenment, retaining however deep roots in the Roman Law, in the Catholic moral theology and in the classical studies. He cautiously opposed the death penalty and fiercely disapproved the use of torture in trials. He supported the separation of powers and a reduction in the judicial discretion. He slightly supported the inquisitorial system over the adversarial system.
Other juridical works of him are: De sortilegio et magia liber singularis (Venice: 1782), where he supports the decriminalization of witchcraft; De ordine seu forma judiciorum criminalium diatriba (Rome: 1777), an outline of the history of criminal Law; and Synopsis elementorum juris criminalis (Rome: 1803), a summary of his Elementa juris criminalis.
In his work on the Sapienza University of Rome (Storia dell'Università degli Studi di Roma detta comunemente la Sapienza, Rome: 1803-1806) he not only researches on the history of the university but also outlines the history of Roman culture from the middle ages to his time.
He wrote also a history of the Apostolic Palace (Notizie storiche degli antichi vicedomini del patriarchio lateranense e de' moderni prefetti del sagro Palazzo Apostolico ovvero maggiordomi pontifizi, Rome: 1797).
Renazzi wrote three essays in polemic with the thought of Jean-Jacques Rousseau, stating that classical studies and poetry have a positive impact on civilization when supported by morality.
References
1745 births
1808 deaths
Writers from Rome
Classical scholars of the Sapienza University of Rome
People of the Papal States
18th-century Italian historians
18th-century Italian jurists
Scholars of criminal law
Maghen Abraham may refer to:
Congregation Maghen Abraham (Montreal)
Maghen Abraham Synagogue, in Beirut, Lebanon
See also
Magen Abraham (disambiguation)
María José Mariscal (born November 24, 2005), is a Mexican child actress.
Career
Mariscal studied at the Center for Arts Education (CEA) of Televisa. She started as an actress in the TV program La voz dormida in 2011. In 2012, she received her first lead role in Juan Osorio's telenovela Porque el amor manda, where she played Valentina. In 2013, Mariscal participated as a recurring role in the soap opera Por siempre mi amor, where she played child Marianela. In 2015, she appeared as Sarahi, the daughter of Jorge Salinas friend, for only fifty episodes of the series Mi corazón es tuyo.
In 2016, she worked with Osorio and his son, Emilio, for a third a time in the telenovela Sueño de amor.
Filmography
See also
Isabella Tena
References
External links
Mexican actresses
Mexican child actresses
Living people
Actresses from Mexico City
2005 births
The Edina Bronya Festival is an annual harvest festival celebrated by the chiefs and peoples of Elmina in the Central Region of Ghana. The festival is a novel Christmas during the Dutch era of the colonial period. It is usually celebrated in the first Thursday of January every year.
History
After the Portuguese suffered defeat in the hands of the Dutch in 1627, they introduce a form of 'Christmas' locally known as Bronya to the local people. It coincides with the Dutch Festival and signifies the relationship between the people of Elmina and the Dutch.
Celebrations
Families and friends get together to celebrate with merry-making and eating. On the eve of the festival, shots are fired at midnight by the Paramount Chief to usher into the New Year. The Paramount Chief rides in a palanquin on the following day. Sheep are slaughtered in front of the Elmina castle.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Terre du Lac is an unincorporated community and census-designated places in St. Francois and Washington counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. It uses zip code 63628, from neighboring Bonne Terre.
The recreational community is built around several man-made lakes and a golf course overlooking the Big River valley to the south.
Demographics
References
External links
Census-designated places in St. Francois County, Missouri
Census-designated places in Missouri
Unincorporated communities in St. Francois County, Missouri
Unincorporated communities in Missouri
Ligaya G. Tiamson-Rubin (popularly known as 'Mam Gaying'), is a multiple Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature recipient, and currently a professor of the University of the Philippines Diliman. Today, she is teaching Filipino 25, Mga Ideya at Estilo (Ideas and Styles) under the Department of Filipino and Philippine Literature at the College of Arts and Letters, University of the Philippines Diliman in Diliman, Quezon City.
Early life
Rubin was born in Angono, Rizal. She finished her Bachelor of Arts degree in Filipino at the University of the Philippines Diliman on 1966 and her Master of Arts in Teaching in 1971. She also held her Doctor of Philosophy degree at the same university, and taught Malikhaing Pagsulat (Creative Writing), Wika at Panitikan (Language and Literature) and Kulturang-bayan (Popular Culture).The year 2008 proved to be not just a celebration of the University's history, but also its brilliance as 41 faculty and alumni are feted in three of the country's most prominent awards.
The train started on July 25 when the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA) announced the winners for its biennial NCCA Writers Prize at the lobby of the NCCA building in Manila.
Four of the five NCCA awardees were College of Arts and Letters (CAL) faculty members Elyrah Loyola Salanga who won in the literary biography category and Prof. Rosario Cruz-Lucero (short story in English). The other winners were alumnus Edgardo B. Maranan (essay in English) and former UP National Writers Workshop (NWW) fellow Kristian S. Cordero (poetry in Bicolano).
The Gawad Alagad ni Balagtas also honored more than a few UP alumni and affiliates.
The award, which recognizes the contributions of Filipino writers, were given at UMPIL's (Unyon ng mga Manunulat sa Pilipinas) 34th National Congress on August 30 at the Government Securities and Insurance System Museum of the Cultural Center of the Philippines in Manila.
Prof. Ligaya Tiamson Rubin of the Departamento ng Filipino at Panitikan ng Pilipinas (DFPP) received the Gawad Paz Marquez Benitez award, which is given to outstanding educators in the field of literature and communication. Rubin was cited for her “dynamic, intense and penetrating approach to the teaching of language and Filipino literature.”
Among the recipients of the Gawad Pambansang Alagad were Prof. Ruperta VR. Asuncion (UP Los Baños), Prof. Delfin Tolentino (UP Baguio Cordillera Studies Center director) and alumnus Edgardo B. Maranan.
Asunción was recognized for her contributions to Ilocano literature and Tolentino for his “wide-ranging and intense examinations of Filipino art and culture,” in his essays in English. Maranan was commended for his versatility in poetry in English and Filipino.
The University's presence was also heavily felt at the annual Philippines Free Press Literary Awards, held on August 26 at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel during its centennial celebration.
CAL faculty member Celeste Flores Coscolluela and workshop fellow Mads Bajarias placed second and third in the short story category. Former fellows Larry Ypil and former CAL lecturer Lakambini Sitoy also took the same places in the essay category.
Meanwhile, all the awards in the poetry category went to former fellows of the UP NWW: Cesar Ruiz Aquino, Marjorie Evasco and Lourd de Veyra in first, second and third place, respectively.
The same thing happened in the 58th Palanca Awards for Literature, with UP taking the lion's share of awards.
Institute of Creative Writing (ICW) Deputy Director Prof. José Claudio B. Guerrero, CAL alumna Katrina Stuart Santiago and workshop fellow Jhoanna Lynn B. Cruz dominated in the essay in English category.
In the poetry in English category, UP writers Francis C. Macansantos, Ana María Katigbak and Marie La Viña won the first, second, and third place, respectively.
2008 UP workshop co-fellows Ian Rosales Casocot and Tara FT Sering placed first and second in the short story category in English while UP alumnae Nadine L. Sarreal claimed third place. Meanwhile, Law student Jing Panganiban-Mendoza, Michael M. Coroza and CAL faculty member Prof. Eugene Y. Evasco won in the essay in Filipino category.
Workshop fellows Miguel Syjuco and Norman Wilwayco took home the grand prize for the novel in English and Filipino, respectively. It was Wilwayco's fourth Palanca and his second for the novel in Filipino category. He took home the grand prize in 2002.
Former ICW associates Prof. Leoncio P. Deriada and Prof. Aurelio S. Agcaoili won the first prize in the short story in Hiligaynon and third place short story in Iluko categories, respectively.
Other UP alumni, workshop fellows and faculty members who took home prizes were: Lemuel E. Garcellano 2nd and Rommel B. Rodriguez 3rd, in the short story in Filipino category; April Jade B. Imson 2nd and Allan Alberto N. Derain 3rd, in the short story for children in Filipino category; Niles Jordan Breis 3rd, poetry in Filipino; Allan B. López (3rd, one-act play in Filipino); Dennis M. Marasigan (2nd, screenplay, 2nd); Lilia T. Tio 3rd, short story in Cebuano; Ariel S. Tabag 3rd, short story in Iluko; and Joachim Emilio B. Antonio 3rd, one-act play in English category.
Published works
Biography
Angono, Rizal 4 : Sa Mata ng mga Iskolar ng Bayan (In the Eyes of Nation's Scholars)
Angono, Rizal 5 : Persona at Pamumuhay (Persons and Living)
History
Angono, Rizal 3 : Mga Talang Wika at Pangkasaysayan (Language and Historical Writings)
Literature
Paano Nagsusulat ang Isang Ina? (How a Mother Write a Poem?)— 1981 Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature Third Place
Turning Back and Moving Back— 1980 Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature Third Place
Persona (Person)
Sagradong Abo (Sacred Ashes)
Reference books
Angono, Rizal 1 : Art Capital ng Pilipinas (Philippine Art Capital)
Angono, Rizal 2 : Bukal ng Sining (Fountain of Art)
Notes
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Filipino writers
University of the Philippines faculty
Writers from Rizal
University of the Philippines Diliman alumni
The Maison Dorée (the "Gilded House") was a famous restaurant located at 20 Boulevard des Italiens, Paris.
Beginnings
The Maison Dorée story begins with the former hôtel particulier on this site of Mme de Ferrières, known to the Comte de Stainville-Choiseul, where later Madame Tallien lived. She was known as "Our Lady of Thermidor," the most famous of the Merveilleuses, a group of eccentric and madly fashionable women at the time of the French Directory (1795–99).
The story continues with the Café Hardy, famous during Napoleon's Empire, which was established at the junction of the Boulevard de Gand (now Boulevard des Italiens) and the rue Cerutti (now rue Laffitte). At the Café Hardy, according to the gastronome Grimod de La Reynière, "you could eat the best chops in Paris, and omelettes stuffed with truffles ... that would give appetite to a dying guy. "
It was the most expensive restaurant in Paris, heralded by contemporary newspapers: "You have to be rich to dine at Hardy and bold to dine at Riche" ("hardy" means "bold" in French; Café Riche was on the other side of the rue Laffitte).
The property was sold at a very high price in 1836 to the Hamel brothers, who already owned the café de Chartres, famous as Le Grand Véfour, at the Palais-Royal. The structure was largely rebuilt in 1839.
Maison Dorée
The famous restaurant of "La Maison Dorée", the building built in 1839 by Victor Lemaire, architect-entrepreneur, opened in 1841 was based by Louis Verdier, then managed by his sons Ernest and Charles. Initially, the restaurant was called "Restaurant of the Cité," but because of its luxurious design, with paintings and mirrors, and gilding on the balconies and balustrades, the public named it "Maison Dorée, the "Gilded House"."
The restaurant was divided into two sections: one section accessible from the boulevard, for ordinary people, and another section, accessible via rue Laffitte, for wealthy customers. This section had luxurious and discrete "Cabinets," or private rooms. The most desired was Cabinet 6, which was reserved for nobility as well as for very wealthy people. The restaurant's magnificent wine cellar, with 80,000 bottles of wine, attracted the rich revelers and party-goers of Paris.
People who dined there included the future King Edward VII, Richard Seymour-Conway, 4th Marquess of Hertford, and the Baron de Saint-Cricq. Novelists of the time could be found there, most famously Balzac, who had a character from his novels, Lucien de Rubempré, eat there. In the first book of the novel In Search of Lost Time, Marcel Proust's character Swann enters the restaurant looking for Odette: when he doesn't find her there, an overwhelming sense of fear makes clear to him that he has deeply fallen in love with her. The restaurant is also mentioned in the novel The Old Wives' Tale by Arnold Bennett.
It has been claimed that the dish tournedos Rossini was created by the chef of the Maison Dorée, Casimir Moisson, who created the recipe for the composer Gioachino Rossini, a regular customer.
In the building above the restaurants, several newspapers opened editorial offices. In 1853, Alexandre Dumas moved the offices of his newspaper Le Mousquetaire to the building.
The same building was the site of the 8th and last Impressionist painting exhibition, which took place on 15 May 1886. Impressionism, which had started at 35 boulevard des Capucines in 1874, ended on boulevard des Italiens 12 years later.
The end
The Maison Dorée finally closed in 1902. The building was divided into several offices and shops. In 1909, part of the building became a post office.
Banque Nationale de Paris, which was headquartered just across rue Laffitte, purchased the building in 1970 and had it renovated by architect Pierre Dufau. During the planning process, French Minister of Culture Maurice Druon, facing pressure from a neighborhood preservation committee, asked the company to maintain the building's historic facade. Dufau, "in one day of rage against the old timers," created a new project in which he proposed to integrate an entirely new interior into the historic facade. This marked the first transformation in what became a highly controversial movement called facadism.
Notes
Sources
http://www.terresdecrivains.com/La-Maison-Doree
Buildings and structures in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris
Buildings and structures in Paris
History of Paris
Restaurants in Paris
Pomarea is a genus of birds in the monarch flycatcher family Monarchidae. The genus is restricted to the islands of Polynesia. The monarchs of this genus are around 15–19 cm long and most have sexually dimorphic plumage.
Taxonomy and systematics
Extant species
The genus Pomarea contains six extant species, including one possible extinct:
Rarotonga monarch (Pomarea dimidiata)
Tahiti monarch (Pomarea nigra)
Marquesan monarch (Pomarea mendozae)
Ua Pou monarch (Pomarea mira) (Possibly extinct)
Iphis monarch (Pomarea iphis)
Fatu Hiva monarch (Pomarea whitneyi)
Extinct species
†Maupiti monarch (Pomarea maupitiensis)
†Nuku Hiva monarch (Pomarea nukuhivae)
†Eiao monarch (Pomarea fluxa)
Former species
Formerly, some authorities also considered the following species (or subspecies) as species within the genus Pomarea:
Bougainville monarch (as Pomarea erythrosticta)
Chestnut-bellied monarch (ugiensis) (as Pomarea ugiensis)
Status
The genus is highly threatened, with three of the six remaining species listed as critically endangered, one endangered and two vulnerable. Three species have already become extinct. The principal threat to all these species is predation by the introduced black rat.
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2008–09 Women's EHF Cup was the 28th edition of the competition, taking place from 8 September 2008 to 17 May 2009. SD Itxako defeated HC Leipzig in the final to become the second Spanish club to win the competition.
Second Qualifying Round
Second Qualifying Round
Round of 32
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semifinals
Final
Top goalscorers
References
Women's EHF Cup
EHF Cup women
EHF Cup women
Myaing Hay Wun Elephant Park is a small wildlife park of Burma. It is located in Taikkyi Township in Yangon Division. It occupies an area of and was established in 1986.
Protected areas of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 1986
1986 establishments in Burma
Matanui bathytaton, known commonly as the Chatham deep-water triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Matanui. It was described by Graham S. Hardy in 1989. This species occurs at depths between on waters off New Zealand including the Chatham Rise, southeast South Island, Auckland Islands, Antipodes Islands and Stewart Island.
References
Chatham deep-water triplefin
Fish described in 1989
Poczekajka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Seth David Mosley (born October 17, 1987) is an American Christian musician and record producer, who plays Christian pop and Christian rock. He was the frontman for the Christian alternative rock band Me in Motion. Mosley was awarded the Songwriter of the Year for a non-artist, at the 2015 GMA Dove Awards, where he was also honored as the Producer of the Year.
Early and personal life
Mosley was born Seth David Mosley on October 17, 1987, in Circleville, Ohio, to parents James Arthur Mosley and Damaris Ruth Mosley (née, Flemming), He is the oldest of four children: Sarah, Josiah, and Rebecca. He graduated from Grove City Christian School in 2005 before embarking on his music endeavors. He married Swede Celi Ottosson on July 21, 2010, in a ceremony located at Kramfors, Sweden.
Music career
His music recording career began in 2006 with the band Me in Motion. This would lead him to launch his own music production career, eventually starting up Full Circle Music in Franklin, Tennessee. He would achieve recognition for a Grammy Award during the 57th Annual Grammy Awards in the Best Contemporary Christian Music Album category, for his production of Run Wild. Live Free. Love Strong. by for King & Country. In 2015 he was honored by SESAC as the Christian Songwriter of the Year. Full Circle Music was honored with four GMA Dove Awards at the 46th annual ceremony in 2015, including Producer of the Year and Non-artist Songwriter of the Year for Mosley himself. Billboard magazine awarded him their Christian Producer of the Year Award.
Full Circle Music
Full Circle Music is a group of music producers, engineers, songwriters, editors, studios and creators focused on delivering the highest quality music in a timely fashion, both to the label and to the independent artist.
They have a track record of success at radio with over 20 No. 1, Billboard chart sales, and TV or film placements, under the leadership of Grammy-award-winning, Sesac No. 1 writer of the year, and 2013 Billboard No. 1 producer of the year Seth Mosley.
They have topped radio charts, have performed on headlining tours, have been featured on NFL Network, Speed Network, Veggie Tales, Target, MLB Network, and have been led in churches worldwide. In production, they work with a network of the best mixers, engineers, studios and equipment.
References
1987 births
Living people
American performers of Christian music
Centricity Music artists
Songwriters from Ohio
Songwriters from Tennessee
Singers from Ohio
Singers from Tennessee
21st-century American singers
The frame buffer object architecture (FBO) is an extension to OpenGL for doing flexible off-screen rendering, including rendering to a texture. By capturing images that would normally be drawn to the screen, it can be used to implement a large variety of image filters, and post-processing effects. The FBO is analogous to the render targets model in DirectX. It is used in OpenGL for its efficiency and ease of use. The use of FBOs doesn't suffer from the overhead associated with OpenGL drawing context switching, and has largely superseded the pbuffer and other methods involving context switches.
Uses
The FBO has two main uses: The post-processing of rendered images and composition between different scenes.
Some examples are:
The rendered image is captured and subjected to Fragment Shaders or other manipulations. This allows for many of today's popular computer graphics effects to be carried out, including the addition of a blurring or bloom effect.
Can be used to create views of other scenes, for example: a TV in a house showing the view from a secondary camera. A scene can be rendered through an FBO to a texture, then that texture can be applied to the surface of a TV. This is sometimes called "Render to Texture" or RTT.
Advantages over other methods
Methods involving the FBO are considered superior because:
It is easier to set up than most other methods.
Does not require context switching.
Is more efficient because resources are shared within the same context.
Is more flexible because all depth buffer, stencil buffer, etc. can be acquired.
Architecture
To use an FBO one simply creates an instance of it. Along with the FBO come several attachments. One can then attach these to a chosen receiver: either a texture, or a render buffer.
For example:
Create an FBO and bind it.
Attach the color buffer (either as a RenderBuffer or a texture) to the FBO.
Attach the depth buffer (either as a RenderBuffer or a texture) to the FBO.
Bind the native window FrameBuffer (id=0)
Render the texture to screen with a pixel shader, dependent on both the Color information and depth information.
External links
Framebuffer object technical paper
Framebuffer object reference at openvidia
Example code for Windows and Linux
EXT Framebuffer (opengl.org)
OpenGL
Vanamõisa is a village in Saue Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia. The name of the village comes from the Vanamõisa manor, which was separated from Saue manor in 1670.
Some of the main attractions in the village today are one of the biggest caravan park in Estonia, Vanamõisa open-air leisure centre (Vanamõisa Vabaõhukeskus) and Kasemäe horse stable.
References
Villages in Harju County
Stevens County (standard abbreviation: SV) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 5,250. Its county seat is Hugoton. The county is named for the Reconstruction era Pennsylvania politician Thaddeus Stevens.
History
19th century
On July 25, 1888, the Hay Meadow Massacre was a violent county seat fight between groups from Hugoton and Woodsdale, where 4 men were murdered.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.02%) is water.
Major highways
Kansas Highway 25
Kansas Highway 51
U.S. Highway 56
Adjacent counties
Grant County (north)
Haskell County (northeast)
Seward County (east)
Texas County, Oklahoma (south)
Morton County (west)
Stanton County (northwest)
National protected area
Cimarron National Grassland (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 5,463 people, 1,988 households, and 1,457 families residing in the county. The population density was 8 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 2,265 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 83.01% White, 0.93% Black or African American, 0.93% Native American, 0.24% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 13.25% from other races, and 1.61% from two or more races. 21.73% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,988 households, out of which 38.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.10% were married couples living together, 7.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.70% were non-families. 24.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.27.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 31.20% under the age of 18, 8.30% from 18 to 24, 27.80% from 25 to 44, 19.40% from 45 to 64, and 13.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 95.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,830, and the median income for a family was $49,063. Males had a median income of $36,525 versus $22,803 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,814. About 8.30% of families and 10.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.10% of those under age 18 and 4.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government
County
Stevens County is governed by the Stevens County Commissioners. The current members are Joe D. Thompson, Tron Stegman, and Pat Hall.
Presidential elections
Stevens County is overwhelmingly Republican. It has not been won by a Democrat at Presidential level since Lyndon Johnson won by fourteen votes in 1964. In fact, the last Democrat to crack thirty percent of the county's vote was Jimmy Carter in 1976, and since Carter only Michael Dukakis during the drought and farm crisis-influenced 1988 election has received so much as twenty percent.
Laws
The Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, either with or without a minimum of 30% of sales coming from food. Stevens County is one of 35 counties in the state that allows for the sale of liquor by the drink without the minimum food sales stipulation.
Education
Unified school districts
Moscow USD 209
Hugoton USD 210
Communities
Cities
Hugoton
Moscow
Unincorporated community
Woodsdale
Townships
Stevens County is divided into six townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Notes
Further reading
External links
County
Stevens County - Directory of Public Officials
Other
Hugoton Schools
Maps
Stevens County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1886 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1886
The 2015 Georgia Southern Eagles football team represented Georgia Southern University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were led by second-year head coach Willie Fritz and played their home games at Paulson Stadium in Statesboro, Georgia. This season was the Eagles second season in the Sun Belt Conference and the first season for full bowl eligibility. The Eagles finished the regular season 8–4, 6–2 in Sun Belt play to finish in third place. In the Eagles' first ever bowl appearance, the Eagles defeated Bowling Green, 58–27, in the GoDaddy Bowl.
On December 12, head coach Willie Fritz resigned to become the head coach at Tulane. The Eagles were led by assistant head coach and running backs coach Dell McGee in the GoDaddy Bowl.
Schedule
Georgia Southern announced their 2015 football schedule on February 27, 2015. The 2015 schedule consists of six home and away games in the regular season. The Eagles hosted Sun Belt foes Georgia State, New Mexico State, Texas State, and South Alabama, and traveled to Appalachian State, Idaho, Louisiana–Monroe, and Troy.
'
Game summaries
@ West Virginia
Western Michigan
The Citadel
@ Idaho
@ Louisiana–Monroe
In their fifth game of the season, the Eagles won, 51–31 over the Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks.
New Mexico State
@ Appalachian State
Texas State
@ Troy
@ Georgia
South Alabama
Georgia State
Bowling Green–GoDaddy Bowl
References
Georgia Southern
Georgia Southern Eagles football seasons
LendingTree Bowl champion seasons
Georgia Southern Eagles football
The Catoctin Creek Distilling Company ( ), which operates under the trade name of Catoctin Creek, is the first legal distillery in Loudoun County, Virginia since prohibition. The distillery is a certified organic and kosher microdistillery in Purcellville, Virginia that produces brandy, rye whiskey, and gin from local fruit, organic grain and Virginia wine.
The distillery was founded in 2009 by Scott and Rebecca Harris using an SBA 7(a) loan for start-up capital. Initially, the company operated using custom-made 400 and 1200 liter Kothe hybrid pot-column stills.
In the 2011 session of the Virginia General Assembly, the company sought approval to sell its spirits at the distillery. Virginia Senate Bill 1249 passed both the Senate and the House of Delegates and was then signed by Governor Bob McDonnell on March 26, 2011, allowing direct bottle-sales to the public from the distillery. With the prior year's passage of 2010 House of Delegate Bill 952, the company now provides tastings at their distillery store, in a fashion similar to wineries within the state.
In 2012, the distillery purchased the historic Case Building (built 1921) on Main Street in Purcellville, and renovated the building as the home of their new distillery. Renovations included structural repair to the roof, complete electrical upgrade, new plumbing systems, fire sprinklers, a new tasting room, extensive masonry repair, and a 41kWh solar array.
In 2017, the distillery announced a new minority partner and investor, Constellation Brands of Victor, New York. In a company press release, Rebecca Harris, the co-founder and chief distiller, stated the reasoning behind the investment: "In order to expand our production and portfolio, we needed the right partner for the next level of growth. Constellation has a strong commitment to this category..." Scott and Rebecca Harris, the co-founders, remain the majority owners and managers of the business.
In 2021, the company upgraded their production equipment, tripling their capacity, including a new mash cooker, fermenters, and a 2000 liter Specific Engineering hybrid pot-column still, replacing the older 400 liter pot still.
COVID-19 pandemic
During the COVID-19 pandemic and a subsequent shortage on sanitizing products in March 2020, Catoctin Creek shifted most of its production operations to provide free sanitizing alcohol to over 100 families, six police stations, two emergency services, two hospitals, one senior center, and the FAA in Leesburg, Virginia. Instead of laying people off, management brought regional sales staff in to help on the production line, while working with elected officials to distribute bottles to organizations in need.
After producing, bottling and selling bulk hand sanitizer to first responders at the end of March, Catoctin Creek announced the release of their FDA approved 6 oz. hand sanitizer bottles to the general public in early April, which sold out in three weeks. Due to the lack of availability of raw materials to produce the sanitizer, their production of hand sanitizer ended in April 2020. In the end, Catoctin Creek made over 2,050 gallons of sanitizer available to the public, first responders, front-line workers and others in need. The craft distillery also raised and donated over $12,000 to local charities, including hospitality relief funds, clinics and food banks in Baltimore, Washington DC, and Virginia. The distillery received a commendation from the Virginia Senate for their efforts during the pandemic, noting "through its decisive and selfless actions in the face of a historic public health emergency, Catoctin Creek Distilling Company has exemplified what makes the Commonwealth a wonderful place to live, work, and raise a family."
Catoctin Creek is still producing and selling its award-winning rye whisky, gin and brandy on its online shop for curbside pickup or delivery.
Spirits produced
Rye whiskey
Brandy from grapes, pears, peaches, and apples.
Gin
Awards
Roundstone Rye
Double Gold medal for Cask Proof, San Francisco World Spirits Competition, 2017
Gold medal for Cask Proof, American Whiskey Masters, 2016
Gold medal for Cask Proof, Wizards of Whisky Awards, 2016
Gold medal for 92 Proof, New York World Wine and Spirits Competition, 2015
Gold medal for Cask Proof, Wizards of Whisky Awards, 2015
Silver medal for 92 Proof, San Francisco World Spirits Competition, 2015
Silver medal for 92 Proof, Wizards of Whisky Awards, 2015
Gold medal for rye whiskey, Artisan Awards, 2014
Gold medal for rye whiskey, The Fifty Best, 2014
Bronze medal, San Francisco World Spirits Competition, 2013
Bronze medal, American Distilling Institute, 2013
Gold seal, Good Food Awards, 2013
Gold medal for rye whiskey, The Fifty Best, 2012
Silver medal and best in category for aged rye whiskey, American Distilling Institute, 2011
Silver medal (87 - highly recommended) for rye whiskey, Beverage Testing Institute, 2011
Silver medal for aged craft distillery less than two years (less than $40), New York International Spirits Competition, 2010
Mosby's Spirit
Bronze medal and best in category for un-aged rye whiskey, American Distilling Institute, 2011
Strong recommendation (87 - very good), American Whiskey, Ultimate Spirits Challenge, 2011
Silver medal (85 - highly recommended) for unaged whiskey, Beverage Testing Institute, 2011
Silver medal for unaged craft distillery (less than $40), New York International Spirits Competition, 2010
Bronze medal for unaged whiskey, American Distilling Institute, 2010
Watershed Gin
Gold medal (91 - exceptional) for gin, Beverage Testing Institute, 2011
Silver medal for Gin, New York International Spirits Competition, 2011
Regional Food and Beverage Producer - 2015 RAMMY Awards, Restaurant Association of Metropolitan Washington (RAMW)
Virginia's Finest - Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services
2012 Small Business of the Year - Loudoun County Chamber of Commerce
2011 Entrepreneur of the Year and Rural Business of the Year - Loudoun County Chamber of Commerce
Made in the South 2010 Awards - Garden and Gun magazine
Distribution
Catoctin Creek is distributed in the United States in the following states:
Arizona
California
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Idaho
Illinois
Kentucky
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Nevada
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas
Virginia
Washington
Wyoming
Catoctin Creek is distributed internationally in:
Europe
Mexico
Singapore
References
2009 establishments in Virginia
American companies established in 2009
Distilleries in Virginia
Food and drink companies established in 2009
Gins
Purcellville, Virginia
Rye whiskey
Churails () is a 2020 ZEE5 exclusive and Zindagi Original Pakistani drama web series. It is written and directed by Asim Abbasi. The web series stars Sarwat Gilani, Mehar Bano, Nimra Bucha and Yasra Rizvi in lead roles. It is produced by Asim Abbasi along with Mo Azmi and Shailja Kejriwal. It revolves around Karachi's secret detectives whose mission it is to expose the city's unfaithful, elite husbands. It became available for streaming on the OTT platform ZEE5 on 11 August 2020.
Premise
The series focuses on the lives of four women: Sara (Sarwat Gilani), a lawyer that gave her career up to be the "perfect wife", Jugnu (Yasra Rizvi), a wedding planner, Zubaida (Mehar Bano), a boxer seeking independence and love, and Batool (Nimra Bucha), an ex-convict who was sentenced to twenty years in prison for murder. Their lives become intertwined when Sara discovers her husband cheating on her, after which the four decide to set up an agency to catch cheating husbands in action. They run this agency covertly under the guise of a retail burka store called "Halal Designs", and call themselves Churails. When one of them goes missing, their investigation leads them to something much bigger than themselves, dominated by Karachi's most powerful.
Cast
Main cast
Sarwat Gilani as Sara Khan
Mehar Bano as Zubaida
Nimra Bucha as Batool Jan
Yasra Rizvi as Jugnu Chaudhry
Recurring cast
Meher Jaffri as Laila
Omair Rana as Jamil Khan
Adnan Malik as KK
Eman Suleman as Mehak Hussain
Dimeji Ewuoso as Jackson
Sarmad Sultan Khoosat as Ehtisham Khalid
Sania Saeed as Shehnaz Khalid
Shabana Hassan as Resham
Mareeha Safdar as Sheila
Amtul Baweja as Munni
Zara Khan as Baby Doll
Bakhtawar Mazhar as Pinky
Sameena Nazir as Babli
Hina Khawaja Bayat as Sherry
Kashif Hussain as Shams
Fawad Khan as Inspector Jamshed
Sarmed Aftab Jadraan as Dilbar
Adnan Shah Tipu
Guest appearances
Mahira Khan as Shagufta (Arms Dealer)
Anoushay Abbasi
Fahad Mirza
Frieha Altaf
Nadia Afgan
Faiza Gillani
Alycia Dias
Tara Mahmood as Shumailla
Episodes
Season 1
Production
Development
The web series was announced in the first quarter of 2019 to be directed by Asim Abbasi.
Filming
Principal photography commenced with the lead actors Sarwat Gilani, Mehar Bano, Nimra Bucha, Yasra Rizvi and they had been spotted shooting in summer 2019.
Director Asim Abbasi announced the wrap up of web series "Churails" using his Instagram post on 4 September 2019.
Marketing and release
Promotion
The official trailer of the web series was launched on 31 July 2020 by ZEE5 on YouTube.
Release
Churails was released on ZEE5, an Indian streaming platform available to audiences across the world. The series started streaming from 11 August 2020.
Reception
Churails has received widespread critical acclaim. It has been hailed as a groundbreaking series that breaks stereotypes about Pakistanis and abandons oft-used tropes in Pakistani television. It has been lauded for its portrayal of three-dimensional women as well as for exploring social dynamics in a diverse city like Karachi, portraying women across social classes and backgrounds.
Furthermore, it has been praised for its sensitive and nuanced depictions of LGBTQ characters, with gay men, lesbian women and transgender characters. Abbasi said, "Because we are showing such a diverse range of women, it was important to show the entire spectrum of sexuality. It would have been wrong if they were all straight because not all women in Pakistan are straight."
Shaheera Anwar at The Express Tribune gave the series 4.5/5 stars, writing "Without compromising on the storytelling, Churails is a feminist masterpiece."
Shubhra Gupta at The Indian Express wrote: "To watch free-spirited, cussing-out-loud, hockey-sticks and rifle-toting, burqa-clad women beating the bejesus out of violent, murderous men, is one of the high points of Churails".
Streaming removal and reinstatement
In October 2020, the series was briefly removed from streaming on ZEE5 without explanation, reportedly in response to complaints from the Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (PEMRA) and Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA). However, the series returned to the streaming platform within a day or two. ZEE5 released a statement regarding the removal and reinstatement: "The show was taken off the platform in Pakistan purely in compliance with a directive that we received. We have now addressed the matter and reinstated the show on our platform."
References
External links
Churails on Zee5
2020 web series debuts
2020 Pakistani television series debuts
Pakistani drama television series
Zindagi (TV channel) original programming
Urdu-language television shows
Pakistani mystery films
Junior Dance is a program in the Netherlands. The hosts of this program are Ewout Genemans & Kim-Lian van der Meij who have presented the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Amsterdam.
Junior Dance 2012 finalists
Leslie
Sharonne & Shania
Susy, Jamie & Juliet
Nori, Sharon & Chloe
Elise
Sander & Jennifer
Joey & Pernila
Valery
Junior Dance 2013 finalists
Julide & Defne
Jemuel
Elianne
Robin & Joelle
Robin, Remen & Matthew
Robbin
Kyra & Trijntje
Charlie-Ann
Gina
Mon
Johanneke
Esmee & Nadine
Dutch reality television series
Dutch-language television shows
Warm and Willing is the tenth studio album by American pop singer Andy Williams and was released in 1962 by Columbia Records. Allmusic's William Ruhlmann explained that Williams and producer Robert Mersey "followed the Sinatra concept-album formula of creating a consistent mood, in this case a romantic one, and picking material mostly from the Great American Songbook of compositions written for Broadway musicals in the 1920s and '30s by the likes of George and Ira Gershwin, then giving them slow, string-filled arrangements over which Williams could croon in his breathy, intimate tenor voice."
The album made its first appearance on Billboard magazine's Top LP's chart in the issue dated October 20 of that year and remained on the album chart for 44 weeks, peaking at number 16.
The single from the album, "Stranger on the Shore," made its debut on the Billboard Hot 100 chart four months prior, reaching number 38 during its seven-week stay. It performed even better on the magazine's Easy Listening chart, peaking at number 9.
The album was released on compact disc for the first time by Sony Music Distribution on December 28, 1999, as tracks 1 through 12 on a pairing of two albums on one CD with tracks 13 through 24 consisting of Williams's Columbia album from May 1966, The Shadow of Your Smile. It was also released as one of two albums on one CD by Collectables Records on February 5, 2002, the other album being a 1966 compilation from Columbia entitled Andy Williams' Newest Hits. Collectables included this CD in a box set entitled Classic Album Collection, Vol. 2, which contains 15 of his studio albums and two compilations and was released on November 29, 2002.
Reception
Ruhlmann also thought the album "indicated that a singer who had flirted with many styles over the previous half-dozen years had settled down to something very familiar. His treatment of these standards was not definitive, by any means, but it was certainly effective, and Williams benefited from his association with such material."
Billboard was effusive in its praise. "This is one of the best albums Williams has done on his new label." They also wrote, "Helped muchly by the tender orchestral backing of the Bob Mersey crew, Williams turns in strong readings of each song."
Track listing
Side one
"Embraceable You" from Girl Crazy (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) – 3:40
"How Long Has This Been Going On?" from Rosalie (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) – 3:34
"The Touch of Your Lips" (Ray Noble) – 3:09
"I See Your Face Before Me" from Between the Devil (Howard Dietz, Arthur Schwartz) – 3:34
"The Way You Look Tonight" from Swing Time (Dorothy Fields, Jerome Kern) – 3:36
"If Ever I Would Leave You" from Camelot (Alan Jay Lerner, Frederick Loewe) – 3:38 (This track was replaced by "Then I'll Be Tired of You" on the U.K. release.)
Side two
"My One and Only Love" (Robert Mellin, Guy Wood) – 3:49
"Stranger on the Shore" (Acker Bilk) – 2:50
"Warm All Over" from The Most Happy Fella (Frank Loesser) – 3:16
"More Than You Know" from the 1929 musical Great Day (Edward Eliscu, Billy Rose, Vincent Youmans) – 3:26
"Love Is Here to Stay" from The Goldwyn Follies (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) – 2:43
"Warm and Willing" from the 1959 film A Private's Affair (Ray Evans, Jay Livingston, Jimmy McHugh) – 2:52
Personnel
From the liner notes for the original album:
Robert Mersey – arranger, conductor, producer
Andy Williams - vocals
References
Bibliography
1962 albums
Andy Williams albums
Columbia Records albums
Sir George Manning (11 February 1887 – 29 December 1976) was Mayor of Christchurch from 1958 to October 1968, when he retired. He served a total of 34 years on the Christchurch City Council.
Biography
Early life and career
Manning was born in Gowerton, Wales, on 11 February 1887. He was the son of Richard Manning (a steelworker) and Sarah Davies. Aged 12 he won a scholarship to attend Gowerton School, but he left after 15 months in order to enter work. At age 14 he became a steelworker like his father. In 1907 he attended his first union meeting at a local pub and joined both the General Labourers' Union and Independent Labour Party. beginning a lifetime association with the labour movement. Together with a friend he emigrated to Christchurch, New Zealand in 1910. He said many years later that the working conditions were hard for contemporary workers to believe and frequently said that if there was one "black spot" on the history of Great Britain it would be the working conditions of the nineteenth century.
His first job upon arrival was at the New Zealand Railways Department shoveling coal. Shortly afterwards he entered the employment of the local drainage board digging ditches. He was then taken on by the Government Life Insurance Office for a three-month probationary period as an insurance officer before being offered a position with the Christchurch Tramway Board in 1911 as a conductor on the Sumner line. He then joined the Tramway Workers' Union.
He married Scottish-born Sarah Edith Willmore at the Trinity Congregational Church, Christchurch Central City, on 11 October 1923. He was involved in a multitude of clubs and community groups including the Cambrian Society, the board of governors of the University of Canterbury, the Adult Cerebral Palsy Society (of which he was a life member and patron) and the Victory Park Board.
Local politics
Manning stood unsuccessfully for Christchurch City Council in 1917 and 1919 as a Labour Party candidate. In 1920, he got offered a position as organising secretary of the Canterbury Workers' Educational Association (WEA) on the condition that he abstained from political office. This restriction was lifted in 1925. He served WEA from February 1921 to 1948, and a room at the WEA building in Gloucester Street is dedicated to Manning. Through WEA classes he took a degree course at University of Canterbury and eventually earned a Master of Arts majoring in economics.
He was elected onto Christchurch City Council in 1927 and served one term until 1929. He was again successful in a 1936 by-election and served a continuous 32 years, first as councillor (until 1958) and then mayor. In 1945, there was an undertaking to widen Burnside Road that connected the city with the aerodrome in Harewood and dedicate it as a memorial to fallen airmen. As Burwood Road was located outside of the city boundary, being the responsibility of Waimairi and Paparua county councils, Manning opposed the city council financing much of the proposal, but the scheme went ahead and the road is today known as Memorial Avenue.
He also served as a member of the Christchurch Transport Board from 1937 to 1951 (including ten years as chairman) and was also a member of the Lyttelton Harbour Board for several terms.
Mayor of Christchurch
Manning served as Deputy Mayor from 1950 to 1958, and was elected as Mayor in 1958. In 1959 he was re-elected as mayor despite not a single Labour councillor being returned alongside him. This was interpreted as a testament to Manning's personal popularity which came to be regarded as above party politics despite a lifelong affiliation with Labour.
In 1966 he led a delegation to bid for the hosting rights for the 1970 Commonwealth Games which, while unsuccessful, laid the groundwork for Christchurch being awarded the 1974 Commonwealth Games. In the 1968 election, he did not stand as a candidate again, but was re-elected to the Lyttelton Harbour Board for one final term before retiring.
In the 1960 Queen's Birthday Honours, Manning was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George, for services to education and local government. He was appointed a Knight Bachelor in the 1967 Queen's Birthday Honours, for public services, especially to education and local government.
National politics
Manning stood for the Labour Party in the 1943 election in the Christchurch North electorate, but lost against Sidney Holland. He was also set to stand there in the cancelled 1941 general election. He stood as a candidate for the Labour nomination for the 1947 Avon by-election, but lost to John Mathison. He then contested the St Albans electorate in the 1949 election, but was unsuccessful against Jack Watts.
Later life and death
For his contributions to adult education, the University of Canterbury awarded him an honorary doctorate (LLD) in 1972.
From 1973 onwards Manning was mostly restricted to a private hospital as a result of failing health. He died in Christchurch on 29 December 1976, survived by his wife and their son Penrhy. His wife died in 1998.
References
1887 births
1976 deaths
Welsh emigrants to New Zealand
New Zealand Labour Party politicians
Christchurch City Councillors
Deputy mayors of Christchurch
Mayors of Christchurch
New Zealand Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
New Zealand Knights Bachelor
Burials at Memorial Park Cemetery, Christchurch
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1949 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1943 New Zealand general election
Candidates in the 1941 New Zealand general election
Lyttelton Harbour Board members
Sidney Franklin (1870–1931) was an American stage and film actor. He appeared in around thirty films during the silent and early sound eras. His final screen performance was in Puttin' On the Ritz in 1930. On stage he portrayed Solomon Levy in the original production of Abie's Irish Rose.
Partial filmography
The Sleeping Lion (1919)
Welcome Children (1921)
The Three Musketeers (1921)
Playing with Fire (1921)
The Guttersnipe (1922)
The Call of Home (1922)
Dusk to Dawn (1922)
The Vermilion Pencil (1922)
The Love Trap (1923)
Fashion Row (1923)
A Boy of Flanders (1924)
The Red Lily (1924)
In Hollywood with Potash and Perlmutter (1924)
One of the Bravest (1925)
His People (1925)
The Texas Trail (1925)
Somebody's Mother (1926)
The Block Signal (1926)
Savage Passions (1926)
Rose of the Tenements (1926)
Colleen (1927)
Wheel of Chance (1928)
Lummox (1930)
Puttin' On the Ritz (1930)
References
Bibliography
Bradley, Edwin M. The First Hollywood Musicals: A Critical Filmography Of 171 Features, 1927 Through 1932. McFarland, 2004.
External links
1870 births
1931 deaths
American male film actors
American male stage actors
People from New York City
Beatriz Ferreira Lessa (born 10 June 1958), known as Bia Lessa, is a Brazilian filmmaker, theater director and former theater actress, and curator. She very often collaborates with her husband, Dany Roland.
Biography
Bia Lessa was born in São Paulo on 10 June 1958, but her family later moved to Rio de Janeiro. At a young age Lessa had a penchant to acting, and eventually took lessons at the prestigious O Tablado Theater. One of her first acting credits was in an adaptation of Maria Clara Machado's Maroquinhas Fru-Fru, made by Wolf Maya. She later founded her own theater group, Carranca, alongside Gilda Guilhon and Daniel Dantas, and one of the first plays they ever performed was Bertolt Brecht's Mr Puntila and his Man Matti.
In 1981 she acted in Nelson Rodrigues' O Eterno Retorno and in Antunes Filho's adaptation of Mário de Andrade's novel Macunaíma; she was one of Filho's major collaborators for two years. She would, however, abandon her acting career to become a theater director, and in 1983 she directed her first play, an adaptation of Graciliano Ramos' novel A Terra dos Meninos Pelados. Her play was very well received, what would inspire her to direct further plays, her most famous outputs being adaptations of Virginia Woolf's Orlando (starring Fernanda Torres in the title role), Anton Chekhov's Three Sisters, Robert Musil's The Man Without Qualities and Jules Verne's Journey to the Center of the Earth. Most (if not all) of her plays count with the participation of her husband, musician Dany Roland, who contributes with the sound design and occasionally the soundtrack itself. In 1983, she played Ordélia in the hit Sítio do Picapau Amarelo. In 1997 Lessa and Roland directed their first independent full-length film, the critically acclaimed Crede-Mi, which was loosely based on Thomas Mann's 1951 novel The Holy Sinner. Lessa and Roland have two daughters: Maria and Clara.
In 1999 she organized the expo Brasileiro que Nem Eu. Que nem Quem? at the FAAP in São Paulo, to critical acclaim. She also designed the Brazilian pavilion at the Expo 2000 in Hanover, Germany, and organized the Grande Sertão: Veredas expo in 2006, which celebrated the 50th anniversary of the publication of João Guimarães Rosa's eponymous novel, at the newly inaugurated Museu da Língua Portuguesa.
In 2002 she directed the music videos for synthpop band Metrô's tracks "Mensagem de Amor" and "Achei Bonito"; her husband serves as the band's drummer.
In 2010 she directed an adaptation of Giuseppe Verdi's opera Il trovatore, which premiered at the reopening of the Municipal Theater of Rio de Janeiro after its extensive restoration process. In the same year she was hired by the Ministry of Culture to organize the ceremony of the Order of Cultural Merit.
In 2013 Lessa and Gringo Cardia were invited to serve as the carnavalescos of the GRES São Clemente samba school. Cardia, however, later abandoned the project because of creative divergences with the school's directorial staff.
In 2014 she idealized and founded the Paço do Frevo Museum in Recife, Pernambuco.
More recently, in 2016, Lessa designed a pavilion for the Summer Olympics that took place in Rio de Janeiro. In the same year she also co-directed, alongside Dany Roland, their first movie since Crede-Mi, Então Morri, which premiered at the Rio de Janeiro International Film Festival.
Filmography
Television
Theater participation
As director
The home of the Naked Boys Graciliano Ramos
Orign Scene Haroldo de Campos
Orlando - text by Virginia Woolf
Journey to the Center of the Earth Jules Verne
Portuguese Letters Mariana Alcoforado
The Man Without Qualities Robert Musil
Football Alberto Renault
The Three Sisters Anton Chekhov
Doll House Henrik Ibsen
Medea
Brief Forms of Bia Lessa and Maria Borba
Grande Sertão: Veredas Guimarães Rosa (2017)
P I Insane Panorama André Sant'anna, Jô Bilac (2018)
Scenery and costumes
Claros Breus - Tour by Maria Bethânia
Adorable Bastard by Leilah Assumpção
Brazilian - Maria Bethania
Time, time, time - Maria Bethania
Inside the Sea there's River and Party - Maria Bethania
Love and Devotion - Maria Bethania
Love Letter - Maria Bethânia Tour
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Brazilian women film directors
Brazilian music video directors
Brazilian theatre directors
Brazilian curators
Brazilian stage actresses
Actresses from São Paulo
Symbiopsis is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Symbiopsis aprica (Möschler, 1883)
Symbiopsis lenitas (Druce, 1907)
Symbiopsis morpho Nicolay, 1971
Symbiopsis nivepunctata (Druce, 1907)
Symbiopsis panamensis (Draudt, 1920)
Symbiopsis pencilatus Johnson & Le Crom, 1997
Symbiopsis pentas Nicolay, 1971
Symbiopsis perulera Robbins, 2004
Symbiopsis pupilla (Draudt, 1920)
Symbiopsis rickmani (Schaus, 1902)
Symbiopsis strenua (Hewitson, 1877)
Symbiopsis tanais (Godman & Salvin, [1887])
References
External links
Images representing Symbiopsis at Butterflies of the Americas
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Jeppener is a town in Brandsen Partido in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
Population
According to the last census the population count was 2,142 () which represents an increase of 26.7% over 1,691 () the previous census.
External links
Coord and NASA, Google images
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Languedoc-Roussillon wine, including the vin de pays labeled Vin de Pays d'Oc, is produced in southern France. While "Languedoc" can refer to a specific historic region of France and Northern Catalonia, usage since the 20th century (especially in the context of wine) has primarily referred to the northern part of the Languedoc-Roussillon région of France, an area which spans the Mediterranean coastline from the French border with Spain to the region of Provence. The area has around under vines and is the single biggest wine-producing region in the world, being responsible for more than a third of France's total wine production. In 2001, the region produced more wine than the United States.
History
The history of Languedoc wines can be traced to the first vineyards planted along the coast near Narbonne by the early Greeks in the fifth century BC. Along with parts of Provence, these are the oldest planted vineyards in France. The region of Languedoc has belonged to France since the thirteenth century and the Roussillon was acquired from Spain in the mid-seventeenth century. The two regions were joined as one administrative region in the late 1980s.
From the 4th century through the 18th and early 19th centuries, the Languedoc had a reputation for producing high quality wine. In Paris during the 14th century, wines from the St. Chinian area were prescribed in hospitals for their "healing powers". During the advent of the Industrial Age in the late 19th century, production shifted towards mass-produced le gros rouge—cheap red wine that could satisfy the growing work force. The use of highly prolific grape varieties produced high yields and thin wines, which were normally blended with red wine from Algeria to give them more body.
The phylloxera epidemic in the 19th century severely affected the Languedoc wine industry, killing off many of the higher quality Vitis vinifera that were susceptible to the louse. American rootstock that was naturally resistant to phylloxera did not take well to the limestone soil on the hillside. In place of these vines, acres of the lower quality Aramon, Alicante Bouschet and Carignan were planted.
During both World Wars the Languedoc was responsible for providing the daily wine rations given to French soldiers. In 1962, Algeria gained its independence from France, bringing about an end to the blending of the stronger Algerian red wine to mask the thin le gros rouge. This event, coupled with French consumers moving away from cheap red wines in the 1970s, has contributed to several decades of surplus wine production in France, with Languedoc as the largest contributor to the European "wine lake" and recurring European Union subsidies aimed at reducing production. These developments prompted many Languedoc producers to start refocusing on higher quality, but has also led to many local and regional protests, including violent ones from the infamous Comité Régional d'Action Viticole (CRAV).
Despite the general reputation as a mass producer and a consensus that the region is in the midst of an economic crisis, parts of the Languedoc wine industry are experiencing commercial success due to outside investment and an increased focus on quality. Sales have been improved by many vineyards that concentrate on creating a good brand name rather than relying on the sometimes infamous regional designations. Some vineyards have adopted the youngest batch of AOC classifications developed in the late 1990s, while other vineyards eschew designated blends entirely and are instead shifting toward bottling single varietal wines, a practice increasingly demanded by consumers in the large New World wine market.
Climate and geography
The Languedoc-Roussillon region shares many terrain and climate characteristics with the neighboring regions of Southern Rhône and Provence. The region stretches from the Banyuls AOC at the Spanish border and Pyrenees in the west, along the coast of the Mediterranean Sea to the river Rhône and Provence in the east. The northern boundaries of the region sit on the Massif Central with the Cévennes mountain ranges and valleys dominating the area. Many vineyards are located along the river Hérault.
Vineyards in the Languedoc are generally planted along the coastal plains of the Mediterranean while those in the Roussillon are to be found in the narrow valleys around the Pyrenees. The peak growing season (between May and August) is very dry and the majority of annual rainfall occurs during the winter. In the Languedoc, the plains area is the most arid and hottest region of France. The region's Mediterranean climate is very conducive to growing a large amount of a wide variety of grapes, with vintners in the area excelling in mass production. The average annual temperature is . The tramontane inland wind from the northwest often accentuates the dry climate; drought is the most common threat to vine production, with French AOC and European Union regulation prohibiting the use of irrigation. In December 2006, the French government responded to global warming concerns and relaxed some of the irrigation regulations.
In 1999 severe weather had damaging effects on the wine producing industry, including hailstorms in May that affected Roussillon and a rain surge in mid November that saw a year's worth of rain fall in 36 hours in the areas of Corbières and Minervois in the western Languedoc.
The composition of soil in the Languedoc varies from the chalk, limestone and gravel based soils inland to more alluvial soils near the coast. Some of the more highly rated vineyards are laid on top of ancient riverbed stones similar to those of Châteauneuf-du-Pape.
Appellations
The five best known appellations in the Languedoc include Languedoc AOC (formerly known as the Coteaux du Languedoc), Corbières AOC, Faugères, Minervois AOC, and Saint-Chinian AOCs. The vast majority of Languedoc wines are produced by wine cooperatives which number more than 500. However, the appellation system in the region is undergoing considerable changes with both new appellations being created and existing ones changing. One recent change is that the Coteaux du Languedoc has changed name to Languedoc and been extended to include also the Roussillon.
Within the larger Languedoc AOC appellations are several sub-districts, or Cru's, with distinct wine styles of their own. Some of these sub-districts have pending AOC applications to become appellations in their own right and some have been granted sub-appellations to the umbrella appellation Languedoc AOC. These include the Quatourze, La Clape, Montpeyroux, St. Saturnin, Picpoul de Pinet, Terrasses du Larzac, and Pic St.-Loup.
The boundary of the eastern Languedoc with the Southern Rhône Valley wine region was moved slightly in 2004, with the result that Costières de Nîmes AOC is now a Rhône appellation rather than a Languedoc one. In that year, INAO moved the responsibility for oversight of this appellation's wine to the regional committee of the Rhône valley. Local producers of Côtes du Rhône-styled wines made from Syrah and Grenache lobbied for this change since the local winemaking traditions did not coincide with administrative borders, and presumably due to the greater prestige of Rhône wines in the marketplace. Such changes of borders between wine regions are very rare, so out of habit, Costières de Nîmes remains listed as a Languedoc wine in many publications.
Grapes
The Languedoc-Roussillon area is home to numerous grape varieties, including many international varieties like Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Sauvignon blanc, and Chardonnay. The traditional Rhône grapes of Mourvedre, Grenache, Syrah, and Viognier are also prominent.
Chardonnay is a major white grape, used in the Vin de Pays d'Oc and the sparkling Crémant de Limoux. Others include Chenin blanc and Mauzac, which is also the principal grape in the sparkling Blanquette de Limoux. The sweet fortified wines of the Muscat de Frontignan and Muscat de St-Jean Minervois regions are made with the Muscat Blanc à Petits Grains grapes. In the Muscat de Rivesaltes AOC, fortified wines are made from Muscat of Alexandria grapes.
Among the reds, Grenache, Syrah, Carignan, Cinsault, and Mourvedre are major grapes of the Corbières, Faugères, Fitou, and Minervois AOCs. Cinsault is also commonly used in rosé production along with Lladoner Pelut, Piquepoul noir, Terret noir, and Grenache. Grenache is also the main grape used in the fortified wines of the Banyuls and Rivesaltes region. Some of the oldest vines in France are Carignan grapes. Winemakers often use carbonic maceration to soften the tannins.
Other varieties that can be found include Roussanne, Marsanne, Vermentino, Bourboulenc, Clairette blanche, Grenache blanc, Grenache gris, Piquepoul blanc, Piquepoul gris, and Macabeo.
Wines and taxonomy
Wines from the Languedoc can carry an enormous number of names, ranging from broad regional designations like Vin de Pays d'Oc to very specific geographical classifications with restrictions on grape variety, like Corbières and Minervois. Since the 1990s, the INAO has been creating smaller AOC classifications which take into account the intricate microclimates and soil variations in the Languedoc-Roussillon. Younger appellations like the Cabardes and subregions like Minervois la Livinière, Corbières-Boutenac and St-Chinian-Berlou are much smaller in scope. While these new appellations have been praised for consistently improving their product, others have criticized the additions for further complicating an already esoteric system of classification.
The majority of wine produced in the Languedoc are labeled vin ordinaire. There is also sizable production of Vins Doux Naturels.
Vins de Pays
The introduction of the vins de pays, a classification produced under less stringent regulations than those of an AOC, opened up the Languedoc wine industry to the labeling of varietal wines and the blending of international varieties such as Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and Chardonnay. Examples include Vin de pays d'Oc, Vin de pays d'Aude, Vin de pays de l'Hérault, and Vin de Pays du Gard. Winemakers such as Guy Anderson, Thierry Boudinaud and E. & J. Gallo Winery capitalized on this new horizon, producing wines like Fat Bastard and Red Bicyclette.
Vins Doux Naturels
Vins Doux Naturels are "naturally sweet" wines that have been fortified with brandy to stop fermentation, leaving residual sugar to add sweetness to the wine. The majority of Languedoc sweet white wines are made with a variety of Muscat grapes. The red fortified wines of the Banyuls are made from Grenache grapes, normally have an alcohol level between 16 and 17% and carry residual sugars in the 8 to 12% range.
In Banyuls, winemakers use various methods to "bake" their wines to encourage deep raisin colors. Some winemakers utilize a solera system of transporting the wine among different size barrels of various ages that are left out in the sun to warm. Others will put the wine in large glass jars to expose it to direct sunlight. In addition to the dark color, the resulting wines often have a nutty, rancid taste called rancio. In the Banyuls Grand Cru AOC the wine is required to be aged in wood barrels for two and a half years.
Crémant de Limoux
The crémant produced in the Languedoc is made according to the Méthode Traditionnelle – formerly known as méthode champenoise – the same method used to produce Champagne. Méthode Traditionnelle includes a second fermentation in the bottle to encapture the carbon dioxide produced by the yeast. Languedoc crémant is produced in the small villages around the town of Limoux. The wines are normally composed of 70% Mauzac and a 30% combination of Chardonnay and Chenin blanc. AOC regulations require a year of aging on the lees. The Blanquette de Limoux, when labelled méthode ancestrale, is composed entirely of Mauzac, undergoes only one fermentation, and is aged approximately three months less on the lees before the bottling, the actual date being determined by the moon's cycle.
See also
Wine label
References
Further reading
External links
The wines of Languedoc-Roussillon – The official website of France (in English)
Regional Guide to Languedoc Wines
Languedoc Wine Map
Wine regions of France
Languedoc-Roussillon
The grey-crested cacholote (Pseudoseisura unirufa) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is sometimes known as the rufous cacholote, but this is potentially confusing, as this name also was used for the "combined" species when P. unirufa was considered a subspecies of P. cristata. It is mainly found in semi-open habitats in the Pantanal-region in Brazil, Paraguay and Bolivia, but also occurs in north-central Bolivia.
Description
The grey-crested cacholote grows to a length of about . The head, body, wings and tail are a uniform cinnamon-rufous colour, and the bushy crest, which can be raised expressively, is usually grey. The iris is yellow. It is a noisy bird, especially near its nest, one bird of a pair making a descending series of "chup" notes ending in an extended churring sound, and the other responding with a series of "che" sounds in a complex, raucous duet. This species could be confused with the Caatinga cacholote, but that species is a little paler, the bill is longer, and the crest lacks grey; besides this, the two species do not share a common range.
Behaviour
This bird inhabits gallery forests and patches of woodland in the Pantanal, a seasonally-floody area of swamps and wetlands, as well as scattered trees around buildings, at altitudes of up to about . The nest is a bulky affair built of sticks in a tree. The birds often move about in pairs, foraging in trees, and sometimes descending to the ground to walk or hop about in a rather ungainly fashion.
Status
The grey-crested cacholote has a wide range in Bolivia, northern Paraguay and southwestern Brazil. It is common in at least part of its range and populations seem stable, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of the least concern.
References
Further reading
Zimmer, K., and Whittaker, A. (2000). The Rufous Cacholote (Furnariidae: Pseudoseisura) is two species. Condor. 102(2): 409–422
Pseudoseisura
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of Paraguay
Birds described in 1838
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Emma Meissner, née Ekström (30 October 1866 in Karlstad – 20 November 1942 in Stockholm) was a Swedish soprano and actress.
Biography
Emma Olivia Ekström was born in Karlstad to Johan Fredrik Ekström and Anna Brita Pettersson.
She worked in the choir at Mindre teatern in Stockholm 1881–1883. Her first role was as a character in the opera Sjökadetten. She was a student at the conservatory in Stockholm 1884–1885, and then studied for Fritz Arlberg (1830-1896) and Signe Hebbe (1837–1925) from 1885–1886. She then worked at Södra Teatern in Stockholm 1888–1889.
She got her big breakthrough at Vasateatern in Stockholm during 1890 as Yum Yum in The Mikado.
She was married from 1899 to opera conductor Hjalmar Meissner (1865-1940). He was employed by theatre director Albert Ranft (1858–1938) and was the second conductor at his theaters until 1925, with the exception of a period 1908-1910 at the Royal Swedish Opera and 1914 at the Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra.
References
Further reading
1866 births
1942 deaths
Swedish sopranos
Actresses from Stockholm
19th-century Swedish actresses
Swedish stage actresses
Swedish film actresses
Swedish silent film actresses
Fix or FIX may refer to:
People with the name
Fix (surname)
Arts, entertainment, and media
Films
Fix (film), a feature film by Tao Ruspoli
Music
Fix (album), 2015 album by Chris Lane
"Fix" (Blackstreet song), 1997 song by Blackstreet
"Fix" (Chris Lane song), 2015 song by Chris Lane
"Fix", a song from industrial metal band Static-X's 1999 album Wisconsin Death Trip
Business and government
Federal Internet Exchange, network peering points between US agency networks
Financial Information eXchange, a communications and messaging protocol
Science and medicine
Factor IX, a coagulation factor
Spaying and neutering, also called "fixing", sterilization of an animal
Other uses
Fix (beer), a Greek beer
Fix (position), a position determined by navigation
Fix, a term used in problem-solving
Fix, a term referring to maintenance, repair, and operations
"Fix", an addictive drug, hence "fixing" or "getting your fix", taking addictive drugs (from the 1960s)
Fixed point combinator, in mathematics
See also
F9 (disambiguation), including a list of topics named F.IX, etc.
Fixation (disambiguation)
Fixed (disambiguation)
Fixer (disambiguation)
Fixing (disambiguation)
Fix-up (disambiguation)
The Fix (disambiguation)
The Fix Is In (disambiguation)
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 15,663. The county seat is Fairfield. The county was formed in January 1839, and was named for United States President Thomas Jefferson, who had died in 1826.
Jefferson County comprises the Fairfield, IA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water. The Skunk River flows southward through the NE part of the county, while the SW part of the county is drained by the nearby Des Moines River, which flows southeastward through Van Buren and Wapello counties.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 34
Iowa Highway 1
Iowa Highway 78
Adjacent counties
Keokuk County − northwest
Washington County − northeast
Henry County − east
Van Buren County − south
Wapello County − west
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 15,663 in the county, with a population density of . There were 7,689 housing units, of which 6,902 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 16,843 in the county, with a population density of . There were 7,594 housing units, of which 6,846 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 16,181 people, 6,649 households, and 4,281 families in the county. The population density was . There were 7,241 housing units at an average density of 17 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.02% White, 0.64% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 1.70% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.53% from other races, and 0.91% from two or more races. 1.84% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,649 households, out of which 31.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.10% were married couples living together, 8.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.60% were non-families. 30.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.93.
The county population contained 24.40% under the age of 18, 7.60% from 18 to 24, 24.40% from 25 to 44, 29.80% from 45 to 64, and 13.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,851, and the median income for a family was $43,819. Males had a median income of $32,066 versus $22,479 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,579. About 7.40% of families and 10.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.40% of those under age 18 and 9.00% of those age 65 or over.
Law and government
Jefferson County's executive branch is a three-member board of supervisors who are elected to four-year terms. Other elected officials are county auditor, county sheriff, county treasurer, and county recorder.
Politics
Historically, Jefferson County heavily favored presidential candidates from the Republican Party. It is noted for being one of the few counties in Iowa that never voted for Woodrow Wilson, along with having never given a Democrat who carried the county over sixty percent of the vote. In recent decades, politics within the county have become more competitive. From 1992 to 2012, the county has been carried by the Democratic presidential candidate in every election with the exception of 2000, when George W. Bush obtained a plurality. The last Republican to win the county with a majority of the vote was Ronald Reagan in 1984. In the 1996 presidential election, Jefferson County was the only county in the United States to give any (winning) candidate less than forty percent of the vote, with Bill Clinton winning the county 35.1% to Bob Dole's 34.4%. In 2016, Donald Trump received a plurality of the votes in Jefferson County. The county has been the strongest basis of support for the Natural Law Party's presidential campaigns, due to the presence of the Maharishi Vedic City and Maharishi International University. In 2020, the independent presidential candidate Kanye West got his best result in this county.
Communities
Cities
Batavia
Coppock (partial)
Fairfield
Libertyville
Lockridge
Maharishi Vedic City
Packwood
Pleasant Plain
Unincorporated communities
Abingdon
Beckwith
East Pleasant Plain
Germanville
Glasgow
Perlee
Salina
Townships
Black Hawk
Buchanan
Cedar
Center
Des Moines
Liberty
Lockridge
Locust Grove
Penn
Polk
Round Prairie
Walnut
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Jefferson County.
† county seat
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Iowa
Notes
References
External links
County website
Iowa counties
1839 establishments in Iowa Territory
Micropolitan areas of Iowa
Populated places established in 1839
Meconema meridionale is an insect in the family Tettigoniidae, known as the southern oak bush cricket.
It commonly measures 14 to 17 mm in length (not including antennae) and is carnivorous, arboreal and nocturnal. It has a more southerly distribution than its relative, Meconema thalassinum, being found in southern France, southwestern Germany, Italy, Switzerland, Austria, the former Yugoslavia and, since 2001, the United Kingdom. It is a predator of the horse-chestnut leaf miner, Cameraria ohridella.
It is considered a species of the least concern on the IUCN Red List as it is "widespread and common, and the population size is very large".
References
External links
Meconematinae
Orthoptera of Europe
Insects described in 1860
Renal & Urology News is an online medical news website and monthly print publication based in New York City that reports on clinical news for nephrologists and urologists with coverage focusing on medical conferences and papers in peer-reviewed journals.
Background
Launched in 2002, Renal & Urology News is owned by Haymarket Medical, a subsidiary of Haymarket Media.
Sources cited
American medical websites
Nephrology journals
Urology journals
Companies based in New York City
Newspapers published in New York City
Publications established in 2002
2002 establishments in New York City
Cordelia is a genus of hairstreak butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species are endemic to temperate China.
Species
Cordelia comes Leech, 1890 China
C. c. wilemaniella (Matsumura, 1919 (1929?)) Taïwan
C. c. koizumii Koiwaya, 1996
Cordelia kitawakii Koiwaya, 1996 = Pseudogonerilia kitawakii China (Sichuan, Dabashan)
Cordelia minerva (Leech, 1890) China
C. m. jinfoshanensis Koiwaya, 2000
References
Theclini
Lycaenidae genera
Battery "K", 1st Illinois Light Artillery Regiment was an artillery battery from Illinois that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. The battery was organized in January 1862 at Shawneetown and spent most of 1862–1863 on guard duty in western Kentucky. However, part of the battery participated in Grierson's Raid and the Siege of Port Hudson in 1863. The battery fought at Okolona, Tupelo, Spring Hill, and Franklin in 1864. The battery mustered out of Federal service in December 1864; new recruits and re-enlisted veterans transferred to Battery "E", 1st Illinois Light Artillery Regiment.
Personnel
Battery K, 1st Illinois Light Artillery formed at Shawneetown, Illinois (now Old Shawneetown) and mustered into Federal service on 9 January 1862. The original officers were Captain Angrean Franklin of Vienna, Illinois, First Lieutenants Jason B. Smith and Joseph P. Shelton, both of Vienna, and Second Lieutenants William O. Stephenson of Vienna and James G. Helm of Metropolis. Franklin resigned on 31 March 1862 and was replaced as captain by Smith on 1 April 1862. First Sergeant Isaac W. Curtis of Metropolis was also promoted first lieutenant on that date. Other personnel were four sergeants, eight corporals, Quartermaster Joseph W. Franklin, Bugler Jasper N. Cross, Farrier William L. Marberey, and Blacksmith Ambrose H. Smith, and Wagoner George Clark. There were 74 men enrolled as private.
Battery K was part of the 1st Illinois Light Artillery Regiment which organized at Chicago, Springfield, Ottawa, and Cairo, Illinois. There were 12 batteries named A–M, not including J. The different batteries belonging to the regiment formed between 16 July 1861 (A and B) and 12 August 1862 (M), and enlisted for three years' service. Each battery served independently of the others. The regiment's original commander was Colonel Joseph Dana Webster.
Captain Smith resigned on 11 September 1864. First Lieutenant Shelton died on 13 December 1862. Second Lieutenant Stephenson resigned on 20 March 1863. Curtis was promoted captain on 11 September 1864 and mustered out when the battery consolidated with Battery E on 14 February 1865. Almost all the original soldiers were from Vienna, Metropolis, and Golconda, Illinois, though four were from Marion, Kentucky and one from Shawneetown. Re-enlisting as veterans on 20 March 1864 were 22 privates. Beginning in July 1862, 57 men were recruited into the battery. At consolidation, the veterans and recruits transferred to Battery E, 1st Illinois Light Artillery.
History
Grierson's Raid
Battery K was ordered to move to Cairo in March 1862. The unit was attached to the District of Columbus, Kentucky in March–November 1862. The battery remained in Cairo, Paducah, Kentucky, or within the District of Columbus until November 1862, and part of the unit continued serving there through October 1863. The battery was attached to XIII Corps in November–December 1862 and to XVI Corps in December 1862–March 1863. The unit was assigned to 6th Division, XVI Corps in March–October 1863. Battery K was assigned to 3rd Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, XVI Corps in October–November 1863.
One section of Battery K was detached to Benjamin Grierson's Cavalry Brigade, XIII Corps, Army of the Tennessee in November 1862–March 1863. Evidently, this section performed the most active service during 1863. The section took part in Ulysses S. Grant's Central Mississippi campaign in November 1862–January 1863. The unit participated in a reconnaissance from La Grange to Collierville, Tennessee on 5 November 1862. The section was in action at Ripley, Mississippi on 23 December and Bolivar, Tennessee on 24 December. The section was assigned to 1st Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, XVI Corps in March–May 1863. While being stationed at Lagrange and Memphis, Tennessee until April 1863, the section went on an expedition from Lagrange on 8–13 March, including skirmishes at Covington, Tennessee on 9–10 March.
From 17 April to 2 May 1863, the detached section took part in Grierson's Raid from La Grange to Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The 1,700 raiders consisted of the 6th Illinois, and 7th Illinois, and 2nd Iowa Cavalry Regiments, plus a detachment of six 2-pounder Woodruff guns from Captain Jason B. Smith's Battery K, 1st Illinois Artillery. On 20 April, Grierson sent back 175 of his least fit cavalrymen to confuse his Confederate pursuers. The raiders reached Okolona, Mississippi on 21–22 April, Garlandville on 24 April, Union Church on 28 April, Brookhaven on 29 April, Wall's Post Office, Louisiana on 1 May, and the Comite River on 2 May. The Woodruff guns contributed to the raid's success. One source stated that the Union cavalry units which took part in Grierson's Raid were supported by either four or six Woodruff guns. Colonel Edward Hatch of the 2nd Iowa Cavalry called the guns 2-pounders.
After the raid, Battery K's detached section joined the Cavalry Brigade, XIX Corps, Department of the Gulf through July 1863. The section fought in the Battle of Plains Store on 21 May 1863 and participated in the Siege of Port Hudson from 24 May to 9 July. During the siege, the section was in action at Clinton, Louisiana on 3-4 June and Jackson Cross Roads on 20 June. After the siege, the section traveled to Memphis on 18–28 July where it rejoined the remainder of Battery K.
Okolona to Franklin
The full Battery K was assigned to 3rd Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, XVI Corps in July–November 1863. The unit was stationed at Germantown, Tennessee until November. On 4–17 October, the battery participated in operations against Confederates under James Ronald Chalmers in north Mississippi and west Tennessee. The unit scouted from Germantown to Tullahoma on 22–24 October. Battery K was assigned to 2nd Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, 16th Army Corps From November 1863 to June 1864. It took part in operations on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad on 3–5 November, including at Moscow, Tennessee. and again on 28 November–10 December against Confederates under Stephen D. Lee. In the latter operation, there was clash at Saulsbury, Tennessee on 3 December. The battery was involved in a skirmish at Collierville on 27–28 December 1863.
The battery participated in William Sooy Smith's cavalry expedition from Collierville to Okolona and West Point, Mississippi on 11–26 February 1864. At West Point, though confronted by a very inferior force under Nathan Bedford Forrest, W. S. Smith ordered his 7,000 cavalry and 20 guns to begin a retreat on 21 February. In the Battle of Okolona on 22 February, a brigade of Federal cavalry panicked and galloped away, causing five guns to be abandoned. W. S. Smith's report stated that the fleeing cavalry, "drove a battery of little pop-guns off into a ditch, where it was so badly smashed up that we could not get it along". He asserted that the guns were spiked, the ammunition was destroyed, and the horses were saved. W. S. Smith noted that it was Perkins' battery of six M1841 mountain howitzers, and not Battery K. Forrest reported having no more than 2,500 Confederate cavalry. Colonel George E. Waring Jr., who commanded one of the Federal brigades reported that the, "expedition filled every man connected with it with burning shame". Smith reported 388 casualties.
Battery K was assigned to 2nd Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, District of West Tennessee in June–November 1864. The unit performed garrison duty at Germantown and Memphis until July. The battery took part in Andrew Jackson Smith's expedition to Tupelo, Mississippi on 5–21 July, including the Battle of Tupelo on 14–15 July 1864. By deft marching, A. J. Smith's 14,000 soldiers and 24 guns occupied Tupelo and took up a defensive position. On 14 July, S. D. Lee and Forrest attacked A. J. Smith's positions with 9,000 men and 20 guns, but were repulsed. The Federals sustained 714 casualties while inflicting losses of 1,326 killed and wounded on the Confederates. On 15 July, the Federal column began a withdrawal to Memphis while repelling several Confederate attacks during the day. Battery K accompanied a second A. J. Smith expedition to Oxford, Mississippi on 1–30 August. There were minor actions at the Tallahatchie River on 7–9 August, Oxford on 9 August, and Hurricane Creek on 13–14 and 19 August. The battery participated in operations in middle Tennessee and north Alabama on 30 September–1 November.
Battery K was attached to 2nd Brigade, 5th Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division Mississippi, in November–December 1864. The battery was assigned to Datus E. Coon's 2nd Brigade, Edward Hatch's 5th Division, and James H. Wilson's Cavalry Corps. The unit took part in the Franklin–Nashville Campaign in north Alabama and middle Tennessee on 1 November–10 December. Hatch's division was originally intended to accompany Sherman's March to the Sea, but George H. Thomas withheld it to provide a cavalry screen between his army and John Bell Hood's Confederate army. Hatch's division arrived near the Tennessee River on 6 November to observe Hood's army. Battery K was near Shoal Creek on 11 November and again on 16–20 November. On 21 November, Hatch reported Hood had 10,000 cavalry and 30,000–35,000 infantry advancing toward Lawrenceburg, Tennessee, a fairly accurate assessment.
By 22 November 1864, Battery K was at Lawrenceburg and on 24 November it was at Campbellsville. In a skirmish at Campbellsville, Hatch's cavalry was beaten, but they diverted their foes away from John Schofield's two corps, which were retreating toward Columbia. In the event, Schofield's infantry got to Columbia before Hood's cavalry reached it. On 29 November, Forrest outmaneuvered Wilson's Union cavalry then turned west to cut Schofield's line of retreat. By 10:00 pm that evening 19,000 Confederate infantry faced only 6,000 Federals in the Battle of Spring Hill. After an astonishing communications breakdown in Hood's army, Schofield's army escaped the trap. At the Battle of Franklin on 30 November, Hatch's 2,800-man division defeated William Hicks Jackson's 2,500-man cavalry division at Hughes Ford and compelled it to abandon its bridgehead on the north bank of the Duck River. The soldiers of Battery K were mustered out of service on 10 December 1864. Veterans and recruits transferred to Battery "E," 1st Illinois Light Artillery. The battery lost 11 Enlisted men by disease while in service.
Reorganized Battery K
Colvin's Battery Illinois Light Artillery was renamed Battery K, 1st Illinois Light Artillery Regiment in March 1865. The battery was attached to 2nd Brigade, 4th Division, Department of East Tennessee. The unit garrisoned Cumberland Gap and other places in east Tennessee. The battery was mustered out of Federal service on 15 July 1865.
See also
List of Illinois Civil War units
Notes
References
Further reading
This page has photos of the diminutive Woodruff gun.
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1864
Units and formations of the Union Army from Illinois
1862 establishments in Illinois
1864 disestablishments in Illinois
Artillery units and formations of the American Civil War
Nenad Zivkovic (born 19 March 2002) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a forward for Luzern U21 in the Swiss 1. Liga.
Club career
Zivkovic made his professional debut with Luzern in a 2–1 Swiss Super League win over FC Zürich on 31 July 2020.
References
External links
SFL Profile
SFV U16 Profile
SFV U18 Profile
2002 births
People from Cham, Switzerland
Sportspeople from the canton of Zug
Swiss people of Serbian descent
Living people
Swiss footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Association football forwards
FC Luzern players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss 1. Liga (football) players
The 1977–78 SM-liiga season was the third season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 10 teams participated in the league, and Assat Pori won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Semifinal
Tappara - Ilves 3:1 (5:1, 3:1, 3:4 P, 6:2)
Ässät - TPS 3:2 (2:4, 6:2, 8:1, 1:2, 3:1)
3rd place
TPS - Ilves 2:1 (7:6, 2:4, 8:1)
Final
Tappara - Ässät 1:3 (8:0, 2:3, 4:8, 3:6)
Relegation
External links
SM-liiga official website
1977–78 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
The Independence Rock Festival is a two-day music festival held annually at Chitrakoot Grounds, Mumbai. It is organised by Rock Promoter - Farhad wadia . It is the oldest and the biggest rock festival in India, and was included in MTV Iggy's list of "Top 10 Music Festivals Around the World to Check Out in 2010!."
Independence Rock
Independence Rock is India's oldest and biggest rock music festival, and has earned the sobriquet - "Woodstock of India". It is essentially the biggest platform for Rock Bands in India and has been the cradle and barometer of the Indian Rock Music scene. It is the brainchild and creation of Indian musician and promoter Farhad Wadia.
Almost every major Indian Rock act in the last 26 years has been discovered playing here, and every Indian Rock Band that has ever made any impact in India has been discovered at Independence Rock; thus making the festival a Rite of Passage for Indian Rock Acts over the last 24 years.
For over 26 years, Independence Rock has been committed to promoting Independent Music and Artists, and has given them a platform and promoted Indian artists, encouraged them and has matched their stoic perseverance with steadfast confidence in their talent. Today, these artists have found recognition on a national level and their pertinacity has brought them strong following across the nation. Independence Rock is proud to have played a significant role in bringing to prominence almost all of India's renowned rock bands.
Talent discovered at I-Rock include bands have gone ahead to achieve significant recognition in India but on an international level, a few of which are Parikrama, Zero, Pentagram, Parikrama, Motherjane, Them Clones, Demonic Resurrection, Pin Drop Violence, Indus Creed, Agni, Brahma, Gary Lawyer.
According to MTV Iggy, Independence Rock is No. 9 on the list of Top 10 Music Festivals Around the World to check out in 2010, featuring alongside music festivals like Coachella and the Roskilde Festival.
Times of India, world's most read English newspaper has gone on to say, "... Independence Rock has been the only event in India that has regularly promoted nationwide rock talent and catered to local rock aficionados."
MTV has gone on record and said, "Independence Rock is by far the Best Local Rock Festival featuring non-international acts in all of Asia."
Channel V says, "India's Biggest Rock Festival. It always goes house full and is truly the Woodstock of India."
I-Rock Contests
Giving budding talent a stage has always been of great importance Independence Rock. Independence Rock has played a key part in building the celebrated stature of bands like Pentagram, Parikrama, Zero, Demonic Resurrection, Bhayanak Maut and many more – all of them found a connection with the audience at Independence Rock and have climbed the ladders of success from there on.
I-Rock XXV
The 25th I-Rock is said to have International presence, to signify the 25th occurrence.
I-Rock XXVII
Playing the stage were the Metal Giants Zygnema, Bhayanak Maut & Brahma. There is also a stirring solo set by Warren Mendonsa (Blackstratblues) and a brutal performance by Pentagram. Warren will also be collaborating on stage with Ehsaan Noorani & Loy Mendonsa for an incredible set.
References
External links
Official Website
Heavy metal festivals in India
Music festivals established in 1986
The 16th Congress of the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was held during 26 June - 13 July 1930 in Moscow. The congress of the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was attended by 1,268 voting delegates and 891 delegates with observer status. It elected the 16th Central Committee.
An exercise of devotion to Joseph Stalin, this is the last congress to be dominated by the original leadership of the Soviet Union.
Agenda of the Congress
Political report of the Central Committee (Stalin)
Organization report of the Central Committee (Kaganovich)
Report of the Central Revision Commission (Vladimirsky)
Report of the Central Control Commission (Ordzhonikidze)
Report of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) Delegation to the Comintern (Molotov)
Completion of the five-years plan for the industry (Kuybyshev)
The Kolkhoz movement and the rise of the agriculture (Yakovlev)
Tasks of the trade unions in the reconstruction period (Shvernik)
Elections to the Party's central organs
External links
Sixteenth Congress of the CPSU (Bolshevik) in The Great Soviet Encyclopedia, 3rd Edition (1970-1979).
Communist Party of the Soviet Union 14
Congress
1930 conferences
June 1930 events
July 1930 events
; born 26 October 2001) is a Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in since 2016.
Achievements
References
2001 births
Living people
Japanese Go players
Female Go players
Sportspeople from Tokyo
Uśmierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 30.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Leopold Redpath (12 May 1816 - 1 May 1891) was a clerk of the Great Northern Railway Company who perpetrated a notorious fraud against his employers and was transported to Australia.
References
1816 births
1891 deaths
People from Greenwich
English fraudsters
Convicts transported to Australia
19th-century English businesspeople
Vanë (also known as Cifliku Vana, Van, Vana, or Vanje) is a settlement in the Vlorë County of Albania. It is part of the municipality Delvinë. The village is inhabited by Aromanians.
References
Populated places in Delvinë
Villages in Vlorë County
"The Mystery of a Hansom Cab" is a 1961 Australian television drama play based on Barry Pree's 1961 play adaptation of the novel by Fergus Hume. It appeared as an episode of the anthology series The General Motors Hour.
The play had just completed a 12-week run in Melbourne.
Premise
In the 1890s Melbourne, a young man murders a blackmailer in a hansom cab. The murdered kills three more people then romances an heiress.
Cast
Barry Pree as the innocent man wrongly accused of the crime
Fred Parslow as the villain
Leon Lissek
Elaine Cusik
Joan Harris
Mary Hardy as Salvation Army Girl
Robert Hornery as her boyfriend
Patsy King
Bryan Edward
Marion Edward
Ron Finney
Graeme Hughes
Malcolm Phillips
1961 Play Version
Actor-writer Barry Pree, then 22 years of age, had adapted the novel into a stage play. It was the first commissioned play for the Union Theatre Repertory Company, later the Melbourne Theatre Company by its first writer in residence. (He did this on the basis of his play A Fox in the Night written when he was 19.)
John Sumner had suggested Pree adapt the novel, which had been hugely popular in its day but had not been revived for a number of years.
Pree took a farcical approach to the material, turning it into a spoof of old time melodramas. The original directors were John Sumner and George Ogilvie. It debuted at the Union Theatre in Parkville on 9 January 1961 and ran until 4 February. The cast were headed by Lewis Fiander (hero), Frederick Parslow (Villain) and Patsy King.
The Age called it a triumph for all concerned... rollicking good fun and entertainment." Another review in the same paper called it "unqualifiedly good entertainment." The Bulletin said "most audiences will enjoy Pree's joke."
The play then had a run at Russell Street Theatre from March until May. The stage play was very popular with audiences. The cast included Fred Parslow, Joan Harris and Mary Hardy, who had been in many Melbourne musicals, including Free as Air, Salad Days and Auntie Mamie.
TV Version
The TV adaptation was basically a filmed version of the stage performance. It was filmed at the Russell St Theatre Melbourne and included the reactions of the audience applauding the hero and booing and throwing peanuts at the villain, with occasional cutaways to a pianist playing "mood music". Two songs of the era, "Daisy" and "Lily of the Laguna" were played. It took 24 hours to move the recording equipment from the studio to the theatre.
The Sydney Morning Herald said Barry Pree played "a personably virtuous hero with a variable Irish accent, cheerfully mixed top-hatted histrionics with music-hall singing and dancing, a barrow-load of deliberate anachronisms, and some mockery of modern Melbourne in the style of intimate revue."
Songs
"Come to the Garden Maud"
"Daisy"
"Lily of the Laguna"
Reception
The TV critic for the Sydney Morning Herald called it "an interesting experiment... only partially successful in terms of the special techniques of television. There were too many long-distance shots, of doll-like .figures on stage; not enough of the searching intimacy of expression on which television thrives."
The Australian Woman's Weekly said "As it is fashionable with such melodramas nowadays, the audience was invited to throw peanuts at the villain. It could have done without the topicality and the peanuts. The audience, carried away, apparently, by being on TV, showered the cast indiscriminately with peanuts to the point of being irritating."
The novel was adapted for Australian radio later in 1961.
References
External links
Production details of Union St Theatre run of play at Ausstage
1961 television plays
1960s Australian television plays
1961 Australian television episodes
The General Motors Hour
Theodore Cohen (May 11, 1929 – December 13, 2017) was an American organic chemist and chemistry professor at University of Pittsburgh. He is known for his research on organic chemistry, and particularly on organosulfur compounds, on organometallic chemistry, and on the synthesis of phenols.
Education and career
Cohen was born in Boston, the son of a furrier from England, and was the first in his family with a college education. He graduated from Tufts University in 1951. He was guided towards science instead of medicine in a chance encounter with Isaac Asimov while working a summer job as a waiter, and completed his Ph.D. at the University of Southern California in 1955, helping to support his graduate studies by working as an extra in the movies of Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy. His doctoral research, supervised by Jerome A. Berson, concerned the synthesis of alkaloids found in ipecac, and the chemical properties of pyridines.
After postdoctoral research as a Fulbright scholar at the University of Glasgow, working with Derek Barton, he joined the University of Pittsburgh chemistry faculty in 1956, and became one of the first professors at the university to bring in federal grant money for his research. He retired as a professor emeritus in 1999, but continued to do research in his laboratory, often working 80-hour weeks.
At the University of Pittsburgh, he was the doctoral advisor to over 40 students.
Recognition
He was the 2009 winner of the Pittsburgh Award of the Pittsburgh section of the American Chemical Society.
Personal life
Cohen worked at a holiday camp in Massachusetts while he was a student at Tufts. While waiting tables, he courted Pearl Silverman, a bookish woman from New York. The biochemist and author, Isaac Asimov, also vacationed there and became friends with Cohen. Observing the romance, Asimov wrote songs about it for the camp show, "Poor Ted's in bed. He's lonely but well read"; the couple were later married and went on to have two children, Bret and Rima.
He died of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
References
1929 births
2017 deaths
Scientists from Boston
American chemists
Organic chemists
Tufts University alumni
University of Southern California alumni
University of Pittsburgh faculty
Deaths from leukemia
Wang Gongquan () is a billionaire liberal activist in China. He is a main leader and financial backer of the New Citizens' Movement. He was arrested on 13 September 2013 for allegedly "disturbing order in public space".
Biography
Wang Gongquan was born in Wanlong Village, Xiangshui Township, Gongzhuling, Jilin Province. He graduated from Jilin University of Technology in 1984 and landed a job in Jilin government. He quit the job in 1988 to start his business in Hainan. He was detained and questioned for almost a year after the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre. He became a prominent businessman with success in real estate and venture investment.
Later his focus shifted from business to civil activism and played a significant role in the New Citizens' Movement. On 13 September 2013, Wang was detained for allegedly "disturbing order in public space" and he was formally arrested on 20 October 2013. His arrest became big news domestically and internationally.
Wang is listed in 2013's Top 100 Global Thinkers by Foreign Policy.
Business Experience
In 1988, Wang Gongquan quit his government job and went to Hainan for business endeavor. In 1991, he co-founded Vantone Industry Group, one of China's leading real estate developers, which he managed from 1991 to 1995, serving as president, vice chairman of the board, and honorary chairman of the board. Wang was a co-founder and general partner with IDG Technology Venture Investment, Inc from 1999 to 2005. He built and managed CDH Venture Partners from its inception in 2005.
Wang serves as a director of CDG Holdings Limited, Xueda Education Group, CDH Venture GP I Company Limited and CDH Venture GP II Company Limited, and was previously a director of ChinaEDU Corporation, China Civilink, China Finance Online Co., Ltd. and 3721.com.
Civil Rights Activism
In 2005, Wang Gongquan became research in Gongmeng (Open Constitution Initiative).
In 2008, Wang initiated the "Equal Rights for Education" campaign, whose goal is to abolish the hukou constraint in gaokao (college admission exam) for students in migrant families. After several years' hard work, Ministry of Education revised the policy in Aug 2012 under the public pressure, subsequently, all cities and provinces except Beijing and Shanghai removed or promised to remove the constraint.
In 2009, Wang sponsored the magazine "Civil Society Review". The magazine was revoked by the authority.
In June 2010, Wang and Xu Zhiyong, Teng Biao, Li Xiongbing, Li Fangping, Xu Youyu and Zhang Shihe (Laohumiao), initiated the "Citizens' Pledge", calling for the awakening and improvement of Chinese citizens' civil rights awareness. This event is usually regarded as the start of the New Citizens' Movement (even though it was prior to the coinage of the term).
In 2011, Wang spent a year as a visiting scholar at Columbia University, conducting research on civil society and democratic transition.
On 11 September 2012, all of Wang's microblog accounts in China were deleted. He had 1.56 million followers at Sina Weibo at time of closing.
On 16 July 2013, Xu Zhiyong was detained for allegedly "disturbing order in public space". Wang Gongquan, Mao Yushi, Xiaoshu, He Sanwei and Yang Zili issued an open letter calling for the release of Dr Xu and other arrested citizens. More than 3000 people have signed the petition.
On 13 September 2013, Beijing police searched Wang Gongquan's Beijing residence and detained him in the evening. Liu Suli, Guo Yushan, Xiaoshu issued a statement calling for the release of Wang, nearly 1000 people signed the statement in four days. Wang was formally arrested on 20 October 2013.
Other
Wang Gongquan is passionate with poetry. He once donated 10 million RMB to sponsor the research and compilation of Chinese classic poetry in the first half of 20th century. Wang writes Chinese classic poetry as well.
See also
New Citizens' Movement (China)
References
Independent politicians in the People's Republic of China
Chinese human rights activists
Chinese dissidents
1961 births
People from Siping
Living people
Businesspeople from Jilin
People's Republic of China politicians from Jilin
The 2006 4 Nations Cup, an annual women's ice hockey tournament, was held at the Kitchener Memorial Auditorium in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada, and took place from 7 to 11 November 2006.
Results
7 November 2006
8 November 2006
10 November 2006
Final standings
Finals
Bronze medal match
11 November 2006
Gold medal match
11 November 2006
Statistics
Top scorers
Goalies
External links
2006 4 Nations Cup (Hockey Canada) on Wayback Machine
3/4 Nations Cup at the Women's Hockey Web
See also
4 Nations Cup
2006–07
2006–07 in Finnish ice hockey
2006–07 in Swedish ice hockey
2006–07 in Canadian women's ice hockey
2006–07 in American women's ice hockey
2006–07
2006–07 in women's ice hockey
Le pont des soupirs ("The Bridge of Sighs") is an opéra bouffe (or operetta) set in Venice, by Jacques Offenbach, first performed in Paris in 1861. The French libretto was written by Hector Crémieux and Ludovic Halévy. Plays, including melodramas, set in Venice were quite common in Paris in the early 19th century; the libretto, by the successful team from Orphée aux enfers, also nods towards the operas La reine de Chypre (1841) and Haydée (1847). Gänzl describes the piece as being in Offenbach's "best bouffe manner", noting a "long list of sparkling and funny musical pieces": the multiple serenade beneath Catarina's balcony, the tale of the loss of the Venetian fleet, the parody of an operatic mad scene for Catarina, and a farcical "quatuor des poignards". Offenbach would return to Venice in the Giulietta act of his final work Les Contes d'Hoffmann.
Performance history
Le pont des soupirs was first performed in a two-act version at the Théâtre des Bouffes Parisiens, Paris on 23 March 1861. A four-act version was subsequently given at the Théâtre des Variétés, Paris on 8 May 1868. From June 1861 Offenbach had taken his production of the opera to the Theater am Franz-Josefs-Kai in Vienna, Treumann-Theater in Berlin, the National Theatre in Pesth and finally the Théâtre des Galeries-Saint-Hubert in Brussels.
Its popularity extended further: it was given to Brussels in 1861, Buenos Aires in 1870, and New York in 1871 (in French). In translation it was produced in Vienna in 1862, Berlin in 1862, Graz in 1865 and Budapest in 1865, followed by other local premieres and runs in the French provinces. The first production in England was at St James's Theatre in 1872 as The Bridge of Sighs, and a year later it was seen at the Carltheater in Vienna.
More recently a production by Jean-Michel Ribes at the Théâtre de Paris (with tour and broadcast) in 1987-88 was nominated for a Molière Award.
Offenbach biographer Alexander Faris notes similarities between Le pont des soupirs and Sullivan's The Gondoliers of 1889; he comments "in both works there are choruses à la barcarolle for gondoliers and contadini [in] thirds and sixths; Offenbach has a Venetian admiral telling of his cowardice in battle; Gilbert and Sullivan have their Duke of Plaza-Toro who led his regiment from behind", both also over-work the cachucha rhythm".
Roles
Synopsis
Place: Venice
Time: 1321
Cornarino Cornarini, the Doge of Venice and admiral of the Venetian fleet, has deserted the navy in fear of defeat in a sea battle, and so is under a cloud of disgrace. He and his squire Baptiste return in disguise to his palace to find his wife, Catarina, being serenaded, first by the page Amoroso, then by his villainous and ambitious cousin, Fabiano Fabiani Malatromba. Malatromba has Amoroso arrested. Cascadetto and a mob enter denouncing Cornarini. Cascadetto sings a lament on the cowardice of the doge; Cornarini and his squire are obliged to buy a copy of it with the doge's portrait in order to hunt him down. Malatromba returns and enters the Cornarini palace to seduce Catarina. The doge and Baptiste try to enter also but as the mob return they climb onto the balcony.
Catarina is telling Laodice of her love for Amoroso when two cloaked henchmen enter her rooms. When the women retire to the boudoir, Cornarini and Baptiste now enter, still in disguise, and a dagger quartet for the four men ends with the doge and his companion prevailing over the two Council spies, taking their uniforms and hiding the two bodies in a clock and a barometer. Catarina suddenly returns and pleads with her disguised husband to save her from the advances of Malatromba. When she faints Malatromba tells the supposed spies to hide in the clock and barometer; as Malatromba tries to drag Catarina off, Amoroso, who has escaped prison, suddenly appears and draws his sword. Fights break out in the hiding places; the four men emerge and in the confusion the room fills with soldiers, spies, squires and Catarina's female servants. Cornarini and Baptiste get arrested but claim to have proof of the Doge's demise, which they will reveal to the Council of Ten.
At the Council of Ten most of the councillors are asleep and only awake with the entry of a delegation of female gondoliers. Malatromba requests that the Council hear the testimony of the two men (Cornarini and Baptiste) about the disgraced doge. They claim to have killed Cornarini; they hope this will allow them freedom and Malatromba hopes he can now become doge. Catarina and Amoroso now appear disguised as knights, claiming that Cornarini is alive. Suspicious of the other men, Amoroso tears off their eye patches, and Cornarini and Baptiste are exposed; Cornarini admits who he is and is led off for execution for cowardice against the enemy as the Council of Ten proclaim Malatromba the new Doge. The head of the Council belatedly reads a scroll which had been delivered earlier. This reports that the admiral's flight from battle was a ruse to fool the Matalosses who have suffered a devastating naval defeat. With the Council believing they have two doges, Malatromba is temporarily thwarted.
The final scene is on the Lido, and the carnival is in progress. Cascadetto announces that to decide which of the two doges should rule, the Council will make them joust on the Orfano canal near the piazza San Marco. Cornarini and Malatromba enter on their individual floats and in the joust the latter loses (due to Amoroso arranging for Malatromba's boat to be scuttled). In the second version (1868) the two doges have to collect a cup from a mast, Malatromba winning and becoming doge. As consolation Cornarini is sent as Venetian ambassador to Spain, with Amoroso as his secretary (to the pleasure of Catarina), and the opera ends with a boléro.
Recordings
Recordings as listed on operadis-opera-discography.org.uk
References
Notes
Sources
Faris, Alexander. Jacques Offenbach. Faber & Faber, London, 1980, p84.
Gänzl K., "Le Pont des Soupirs", in The Encyclopedia of the Musical Theatre. Oxford: Blackwell, 1994.
Lamb, Andrew, "Le pont des soupirs", in The New Grove Dictionary of Opera, ed. Stanley Sadie London: 1992.
Loewenberg A., Annals of Opera. London: John Calder, 1978.
Traubner, R., Operetta — A Theatrical History. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1983.
Yon, Jean-Claude. Jacques Offenbach. Éditions Gallimard, Paris, 2000
External links
Libretto submitted for censorship, Paris 1861
Synopsis and information from the Boosey & Hawkes website
Operas by Jacques Offenbach
French-language operas
Operas
Opéras bouffes
1861 operas
Operas set in Italy
Cerebral Palsy Alliance (formerly The Spastic Centre) is an Australian nonprofit organisation helping babies, children, teenagers and adults living with cerebral palsy and other neurological and physical disabilities. Its therapy teams work with individuals and families to maximise their participation in the community.
Cerebral Palsy Alliance provides professional development and training for employees within the disability sector. The alliance also funds important cerebral palsy research in Australia and overseas through its Research Foundation, as well as a disability technology accelerator, Remarkable.
Cerebral Palsy Alliance operates from 112 sites throughout metropolitan, regional and rural NSW and the ACT.
History
Cerebral Palsy Alliance was founded on 30 January 1945 by a group of parents of children with cerebral palsy under the leadership of Audrie and Neil McLeod. It was the first organisation of its type in the world for people with cerebral palsy. The first medical director was Dr Claudia Bradley.
The Spastic Centre renamed itself the Cerebral Palsy Alliance in 2011, because of increasing sensitivities to the word "spastic".
Under the National Disability Insurance Scheme, the CPA has had to cease therapy services in one of its NSW south coast locations.
Services
Cerebral Palsy Alliance services include:
Technology services
Equipment services
Mobility programs
Employment services
Day programs for adults
Accommodation support
Respite care
Therapy and education services
Aquatic programs
Information
Recreation
Cerebral palsy register
An Australian CP Register has been established to guide future research in prevention, intervention and service provision.
Research Foundation
In 2005 Cerebral Palsy Alliance established a Research Foundation to fund Australian and international research to find a prevention and cure for cerebral palsy – a condition that affects more than 17 million people around the world. The Foundation also funds research into improving early diagnosis tools (which can reduce the long-term impact of the disability), treatments (interventions) and technology innovations.
The leader of the research team is Nadia Badawi.
Fundraising
Cerebral Palsy Alliance runs regular fundraising throughout the year:
Miss Australia
Miss Australia Quest/Awards was run by The Spastic Centres of Australia for 45 years. Over its duration entrants, their families, committees, sponsors and the general public of Australia raised in excess of A$87 million.
References
Further reading
Medical and health organisations based in New South Wales
Organizations established in 1944
Disability organisations based in Australia
Cerebral palsy organizations
RTV Visoko or Televizija Visoko is a local Bosnian public television channel based in Visoko municipality. Under this name, it was established in 1994 when local Radio Visoko started television broadcasting.
RTV Visoko broadcasts a variety of programs such as local news, local sports, mosaic and documentaries. Program is mainly produced in Bosnian language.
Radio Visoko is also part of public municipality services.
References
External links
Official website of RTV Visoko
Communications Regulatory Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations established in 1994
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Jelena Popović (born 4 September 1984) is a Serbian handballer who plays for the French club Nantes Handball and the Serbian national team.
Club career
Jelena played for the RK Medicinar Šabac, HC Naisa Niš, Kometal Gjorče Petrov Skopje, ŽRK Zaječar, ES Besançon and currently she is a member of the French team Nantes Handball.
National team
Popović represented Serbia and Montenegro at the 2005 Mediterranean Games and won a silver medal. She played for the Serbian national team at the 2012 European Handball Championship when the team finished 4th.
References
External links
EHF Profile
Living people
1984 births
Serbs of Croatia
Sportspeople from Karlovac
Serbian female handball players
Expatriate handball players
Serbian expatriates in North Macedonia
Serbian expatriates in France
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Serbia
Competitors at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
Oswald Feliz (born October 29, 1990) is an American politician and attorney serving as a member of the New York City Council from the 15th district. He assumed office on April 15, 2021.
Early life and education
Feliz is a native of The Bronx. After graduating from Walton High School, he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and philosophy from Lehman College and a Juris Doctor from the CUNY School of Law.
Career
Feliz worked on the staff of State Senator Gustavo Rivera. Since graduating from law school, Feliz has worked as a tenant lawyer, defending vulnerable tenants at risk of eviction. He is also an adjunct professor at Hostos Community College. In 2016, Feliz worked on Adriano Espaillat's historic congressional campaign. Feliz was elected to the New York City Council in an April 2021 special election to succeed Ritchie Torres, who was elected to the United States House of Representatives.
References
American politicians of Dominican Republic descent
Living people
New York (state) Democrats
New York City Council members
Hispanic and Latino American New York City Council members
Politicians from the Bronx
New York (state) lawyers
Lehman College alumni
CUNY School of Law alumni
Hostos Community College faculty
21st-century American politicians
1990 births
This is a list of Ivory Coast women's international footballers who have played for the Ivory Coast women's national football team.
Players
See also
Ivory Coast women's national football team
References
International footballers
International footballers
Ivory Coast
Football in Ivory Coast
Association football player non-biographical articles
Footballers
Peptacetobacter hiranonis is a Gram-positive, cellulolytic and motile bacterium from the family Peptostreptococcaceae which has been isolated from human faeces in Okinawa in Japan.
References
Bacteria described in 2001
is a chemical company based in Japan. It operates business in celluloid technologies, organic chemicals, high-performance chemicals, polymers and pyrotechnic devices. The company's products include cellulose acetate, tow for cigarette filters, high-performance chemicals, engineering plastics like liquid crystal polymers (LPCs), resin compounds, and automotive airbag inflators.
The company formed under the name of Dainippon Celluloid Company from a 1919 merger of eight regional celluloid manufacturers and changed its name to the present one in 1966. Its first subsidiary, Fuji Photo Film, was set up in 1934 to produce nitrocellulose film. Eventually this company became Fujifilm.
References
External links
Official global website
Wiki collection of bibliographic works on Daicel
Chemical companies based in Tokyo
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Japanese companies established in 1919
Chemical companies established in 1919
Japanese brands
Manufacturing companies based in Osaka
Defense companies of Japan
Mitsui
Lane County (standard abbreviation: LE) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 1,574, making it the third-least populous county in Kansas. The county seat is Dighton, the only city in the county. The county was named after James H. Lane who was a leader of the Jayhawker abolitionist movement and served as one of the first U.S. Senators from Kansas.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1873, Lane County was established.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.03%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Gove County (north)
Ness County (east)
Finney County (south)
Scott County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,155 people, 910 households, and 613 families residing in the county. The population density was 3 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 1,065 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.73% White, 0.05% Native American, 0.09% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.51% from other races, and 1.58% from two or more races. 1.44% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 910 households, out of which 29.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.10% were married couples living together, 5.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.60% were non-families. 30.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 5.40% from 18 to 24, 24.60% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 20.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 100.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,047, and the median income for a family was $41,892. Males had a median income of $29,429 versus $20,446 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,606. About 5.40% of families and 8.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.40% of those under age 18 and 7.60% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Lane County has been strongly Republican throughout its history, only voting for Democratic candidates five times in presidential elections from 1888 to the present. The most recent of those wins came in 1964 when Lyndon B. Johnson won it amongst his national landslide.
Education
Unified school districts
Healy USD 468
Dighton USD 482
Communities
City
Dighton
Census-designated place
Healy
Other unincorporated communities
Alamota
Amy
Pendennis
Townships
Lane County is divided into five townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
Dry counties
References
Further reading
Early Lane County History: 12,000 B.C. - A.D. 1884; Ellen May Stanley; Mennonite Press; 1993.
Standard Atlas of Lane County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 62 pages; 1920.
External links
County
Lane County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Lane County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1873 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1873
The Place Carnot is a square located in the Perrache quarter, in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.
Location
The Place Carnot is at the end of the Presqu'île, near the Perrache railway station. Bordered by the Rue de Condé, it can be accessed by the Rue Victor-Hugo, through the Rue Henri IV and Rue Auguste Comte. To the south, it follows the Cours de Verdun and the exchange center of Perrache. Traboules lead to the Cours Charlemagne, either from the lobby of the Perrache railway station, or through underneath.
Traffic travels on the left to the north and in the opposite direction clockwise from the Cours Verdun Récamier to the Cours Verdun Gensoul, i.e. from the Rhône to the Saône.
History
During the First Empire, the square was named Place des Victoires. The name was changed to Place Louis XVI under Charles X, then Place Louis XVIII (1821–48), Place de la Liberté (1848), Place de la République (1848–49), Place Napoléon (1849–71) and Place Perrache (1871–89). The name Place Carnot was officially assigned by the Municipal Council on 18 February 1889, in honor of Lazare Carnot, a Hero of the Revolution.
The statue in the square (Allegory of the Republic) was inaugurated in the same year by Carnot's grandson, French President Sadi Carnot, who was assassinated five years later (on 24 June 1894) by an Italian anarchist during his second trip to Lyon.
Description
The square has an area of 11,000 square meters, and consists mainly of Plane Trees, with Cypresses and Holly Oaks on the Southern side.
Nineteenth-century buildings of five or six floors, decorated and well maintained, line the north and east sides of the square. The Catholic University of Lyon is on the west side.
There is a playground for children, a carousel and a small sports ground. The square also hosts 140 cabins during the Christmas market. There is a farmers' market on Wednesdays from 16:00 to 19:30 on the north side of the square.
See also
List of streets and squares in Lyon
References
External links
2nd arrondissement of Lyon
Carnot
SGR J1550−5418 is a soft gamma repeater (SGR), the sixth to be discovered, located in the constellation Norma.
Long known as an X-ray source, it was noticed to have become active on 23 October 2008, and then after a relatively quiescent interval, became much more active on 22 January 2009.
It has been observed by the Swift satellite, and by the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope, launched in 2008, as well as in X-ray and radio emission.
It has been observed to emit intense bursts of gamma rays at a rate of up to several per minute.
At its estimated distance of 30,000 light years (~10 kpc), the most intense flares equal the total energy emission of the Sun in ~20 years.
The underlying object is believed to be a rotating neutron star, of the type known as magnetars, which have magnetic fields up to 1015 gauss, about 1000 times that of more typical neutron star X-ray sources. See orders of magnitude (magnetic field) for examples of other magnetic field strengths.
The rotation period, ~2.07 s, is the fastest yet observed for a magnetar.
The first observation of "light echos" from a gamma-ray source, a phenomenon long known for visible stars such as novas, was observed from SGR J1550−5418.
The location of SGR J1550−5418 (aka AXP 1E 1547.0-5408), is RA(J2000) = 15h50m54.11s, Dec(J2000) = −54°18'23.7''.
References
Soft gamma repeaters
Norma (constellation)
Magnetars
Radzanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Turf was a cigarette brand which was produced during the 1950s in the German Democratic Republic. Turf was sold in 20, 10 and 5-packs. She produced by the traditional "Zigarettenfabrik Jasmatzi", later "VEB Jasmatzi Dresden", which in 1959 merged into the "Vereinigten Zigarettenfabriken Dresden" in Dresden.
History
In 1956, a 20-pack cost 2.00 Deutsche Mark, a 10-pack cost 1.00 mark and a 5-pack cost 50 Pfennigs. Turf comes in dark green packaging with a white lettering and white pack with green lettering.
A once popular slogan relating to this cigarette brand was "You can see the tombs in the Valley - the smokers of turf and real are." The brand name Turf was also an abbreviation of "Thuringia under Russian thumb" or reinterpreted to "daily under Russian thumb" outside of Thuringia.
See also
Tobacco smoking
References
External links
Cuban Cigars
Baked Bar Vape
Cigarette brands
WZJR (91.7 FM) is a radio station in Portland, Indiana. It was originally established in 1996 as WBSJ by Ball State University It primarily featured National Public Radio programming. The transmitter for WBSJ failed in January 2019. Ball State University, the license owner, chose not to replace it due to cost. In April 2020, Ball State University announced its intention to sell WBSJ to Jayland Radio, Inc. for $40,702.43; the sale was consummated on August 31, 2020.
References
External links
Indiana Public Radio official website
ZJR
Radio stations established in 1998
1998 establishments in Indiana
Driss M'Hammedi (March 30, 1912 – March 9, 1969) was a Moroccan politician and diplomat. He served as minister of foreign affairs in 1960–61.
Biography
Driss M'hammedi was born March 30, 1912 in Fez during the year of the establishment of the French protectorate in Morocco, he is an important Moroccan nationalist, he was notably one of the signatories of the Manifesto of independence in 1944.
On December 7, 1955, when the first Moroccan government was created, he was appointed Minister of State and, with Abderrahim Bouabid, Mohamed Cherkaoui and Ahmed Réda Guédira, was in charge of negotiations with the French government for the independence of the country. He will hold this post until October 26, 1956, when a new government called Bekkai II government is created, and in which he becomes Minister of the Interior this time until April 16, 1958 when Ahmed Balafrej succeeds him at the post in the Balafrej government.
In this government, Ahmed Balafrej who will be both president of the government and interior minister will not appeal to Driss M'hammedi to join the cabinet. But on the creation of the Ibrahim government, he was reappointed on 24 December 1958 to the post of Minister of the Interior. On May 21, 1960, the dissolution of the government is announced and on May 27, 1960 a new government led by King Mohammed V of Morocco is formed, with as vice-president his son Hassan II, and in which Driss M'hammedi becomes minister of Foreign Affairs. After the death of King Mohammed V, he was reappointed to the same post in a cabinet headed by Hassan II from May 26, 1961 to June 2, 1961.
References
1912 births
1969 deaths
People from Fez, Morocco
Foreign ministers of Morocco
Janne Samuel Aikala (born 17 October 1975 in Turku - died 14 May 1986 in Turku) was a 10-year-old boy, who was killed by antiquarian keeper Jorma Patjas in May 1986. This is notable because of the Supreme Court review and the legal concept of murder and manslaughter in Finland was an issue.
The day of the murder
On Wednesday, 14 May 1986, Janne Aikala had left his home for his piano lesson a little earlier than usual, in order to stop at the local antiquarian in the city centre on his way. The piano lesson was supposed to begin at 4 PM. Janne never got there. Janne's parents reported their son as missing. Because he was a small boy, the police took the report very seriously. The search was aided by the coast guard helicopters and infrared cameras, but in vain.
Discovery of the body
On Saturday 17 May at 9:45 PM, a couple riding their bicycles found Janne's body 20 km away from the centre of Turku by the Turku-Tampere highway. The police investigation found that Janne had been killed by strangling, and not by accident as was originally suspected. The 41-year-old antiquarian keeper Jorma Patjas was brought in for questioning, because Janne was presumed to have last been alive in his shop. During the interrogation, Patjas confessed to having killed Janne, claiming he had killed him by accident. Patjas told the police he had consumed a lot of alcoholic beverages on the evening before the day of the murder and on the morning of the day of the murder.
Course of events
Having arrived to the antiquarian, Janne had gone to the back room of the shop, where there were sex toys kept behind curtains, and according to Patjas's report, these were not suitable for the eyes of a small boy. Janne had ignored Patjas's warnings, causing Patjas to become nervous. Patjas started to assault Janne by holding him by the back of his neck and banging his head against the wall, causing him to lose consciousness. Patjas became scared, thinking he had killed Janne, and went to close the door of his shop and put a notice saying "Just a minute" at the window to keep customers away. After this, Patjas bound Janne's arms and legs, gagged him, and brought him to the back room. Having done this, Patjas went back to his apartment to drink more alcohol, leaving Janne bound in the back room of his antiquarian.
In the evening, Patjas went back to his shop to free Janne. Patjas tried to calm the panicked Janne down by offering him Coca-Cola to drink. Patjas managed to get Janne to agree not to tell anyone of what had happened. Janne soon threatened Patjas by saying "I will tell everything to the police anyway and you'll go to prison." This caused Patjas to lose his temper, and he strangled Janne to the death with a piece of rope. Immediately after having done this, Patjas hid the body in a cardboard box and took it to the back of his room. After this, he went to his apartment to sleep.
The next morning, on Thursday, Patjas opened his shop as normal. In the evening, after closing his shop, Patjas moved the cardboard box and the body to the back of his Opel and sought a quiet spot where he could abandon the body. Patjas threw the body out of the cardboard box to a ditch near the highway and drove back to his home. Patjas had left the cardboard box and the notation sheet Janne had had with him to the garbage pail by his apartment.
Verdict
Jorma Patjas was sentenced in court in January 1987 for assault, kidnapping and murder for lifetime in prison and to pay a sum of 21,500 Finnish markkas to Janne's family as compensation. The court decision of murder was influenced by the fact that the victim had been a defenseless child, and the victim had been assaulted and kept bound before the killing.
The Turku district court judged the case as manslaughter in July 1987, because it felt that Patjas had not acted out of premeditation when killing Janne. However, the district court also took note of the fact that the victim had been a defenseless child, and gave a severe sentence of 12 years and 1 month in prison.
In July 1988, the supreme court judged the case as murder and sentenced Patjas to lifetime in prison.
Sources
Hannes Markkula: Suomalainen murha 1953-1990
Pohjolan pollisi kertoo 1988 (article: Jannen tapaus)
Supreme court decision on 5 July 1988
Literature
Hannes Markkula: Suomalainen murha 1953-1990
Pohjolan poliisi kertoo 1988 (article: Jannen tapaus)
1986 deaths
People from Turku
Murdered Finnish children
People murdered in Finland
May 1986 events in Europe
1980s murders in Finland
1986 murders in Europe
1986 crimes in Finland
Incidents of violence against boys
The Maggie Murphy hoax was a hoax perpetrated in 1895 by W. L. Thorndyke. He created an image that depicted farmer Joseph B. Swan holding what appeared to be a giant potato. The photo rapidly spread around the United States, and appeared in a panel of Ripley's Believe It or Not!.
Background
The hoax began in Loveland, Colorado. W. L. Thorndyke, editor-in-chief for a local newspaper, had wanted to promote an upcoming street fair. Thorndyke turned to farmer Joseph B. Swan, and wanted to help bring customers to him. Swan had been known for growing more than 70 different types of potatoes and had previously been featured in several news reports for his success with his crop.
With the help of local photographer Adam Talbot, they produced a photograph which appeared in an 1895 issue of the Loveland Reporter. It was implied the potato weighed 86 pounds 10 ounces, and measured 2 feet 5 inches. Swan swore that he grew it himself. The image quickly spread around the United States. Over one thousand citizens sent letters to Thorndyke, requesting pieces of Maggie Murphy so they could grow their own oversized potato. Requests for seeds were also common. Thorndyke, realizing that the photograph was beginning to get out of control, admitted that it was a hoax. He wrote that he had asked Swan to carve a fake potato out of wood.
Cultural impact
The photograph appeared in numerous publications, including Scientific American and Ripley's Believe It or Not!. It has been reprinted in the book The World of Ripley's Believe It Or Not!, however, no mention is made of the photograph being a hoax. When Ripley's Believe It or Not! was adapted into a television series, the photograph was used in the opening segment. In 2012, Colorado playwright Rick Padden adapted the tale of the hoax into a two-act play, entitled The Great Loveland Potato Hoax.
References
Loveland, Colorado
Colorado culture
1895 in the United States
19th-century hoaxes
Potatoes
1895 in Colorado
Hoaxes in the United States
Photography forgeries
The Madagascar Plate or Madagascar block is a tectonic plate holding the island of Madagascar. It was once attached to the Gondwana supercontinent and later the Indo-Australian Plate.
Rifting in the Somali Basin began at the end of the Carboniferous 300 million years ago, as a part of the Karoo rift system. The initiation of Gondwana breakup, and transform faulting along the Davie Fracture Zone, occurred in the Toarcian (about 182 million years ago) following the eruption of the Bouvet (Karoo) mantle plume. At this time East Gondwana, comprising the Antarctic, Madagascar, Indian, and Australian plates, began to separate from the African Plate. East Gondwana then began to break apart about 115–120 million years ago when India began to move northward. Between 84–95 million years ago rifting separated Seychelles and India from Madagascar.
Since its formation the Madagascar block has moved roughly in conjunction with Africa, and thus there are questions as to whether the Madagascar Plate should be still considered a separate plate.
Assembly of Gondwana
Madagascar was formerly located in the central part of the supercontinent Gondwana. It contains part of the East African Orogen, which formed in the Neoproterozoic to Cambrian assembly of the Gondwana. This heavily influenced the geology of central and northern Madagascar.
The entire island can be divided into four tectonic and geologic units: the Antongil block, the Antananarivo block, the Bekily Belt in the south, and the Bemarivo Belt in the far north.
The Antongil Block is characterized by a 3.2 Ga gneiss intruded by granite that has undergone greenschist facies metamorphism.
The Antananarivo Block contains 2.5 Ga gneiss layered with younger granitoids and gabbros. It has metamorphosed to granulite facies conditions.
The Bemarivo Belt contains two regions, metasedimentary gneisses in the southern part and granitic domes in the north.
The Bekily Belt is made up of mostly sedimentary protoliths and granulite and upper amphibolite grade gneisses.
The blocks in the northern part of the island are made up of Archean cratonic material. The Antongil block has been linked with the Dharwar Formation of India, however the Antananarivo block to the west has been too heavily altered to link easily to another continent.
The central part of the island contains metasediments from African and Indian continental shelves. This is the Itremo Group, which also contains intrusions of material from the Antongil block. The Itremo sheet was folded in the amalgamation of Madagascar ~700 Mya, and now contains upright folds, divergent reverse faults, and strike-slip faults.
Rifting
The Madagascar plate experienced two major rifting events during the break-up of Gondwana. First, it separated from Africa about 160 Mya (million years ago), then from the Seychelles and India 66–90 Mya.
The first rifting event, separation from Somalia and the rest of Africa, caused displacement along the Davie Ridge, in the Mozambique Channel to the west of the islands, a now extinct transform. The rifting is also associated with extensive deformation as well as volcanism in the late Cretaceous and Cenozoic (Eocene to Miocene).
The second separation caused volcanism in the southern part of the island as well as further south, such as on Marion Island. The volcanism was so extensive that in the late Cretaceous Madagascar may have been entirely covered in flood basalts from volcanism associated with this second rifting event. It was at this point in the end of the Cretaceous that Madagascar became entirely isolated from any other continent.
Modern tectonics
Madagascar remains seismically and volcanically active. The most seismically active area is beneath the Ankaratra Plateau in the centre of the island, which experienced magnitude 5.2 and 5.5 earthquakes in 1985 and 1991. The Aloatra-Ankay rift to the north of the plateau is also seismically active, as well as the Davie Ridge off the coast, which is an extension of the East African Rift Zone.
The Ankaratra Plateau contains a major volcanic field with volcanic cones and extensive flows. It was active from the Neogene to the Quaternary. To the northwest, there are the recently active Comoro Islands, which are hypothesized to be related to a hot spot.
The Madagascar plate now moves mostly in conjunction with the African plate, so some believe it should not be still considered an independent plate.
References
Tectonic plates
Geology of Africa
Geology of India
The 1997 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix was the second round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 20 April 1997 at the Suzuka Circuit.
500 cc classification
250 cc classification
125 cc classification
References
Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix
Japanese
Motorcycle Grand Prix
Song Dong (, born 1966) is a Chinese contemporary artist, active in sculpture, installations, performance, photography and video. He has been involved in many solo and group exhibitions around the world, covering a range of themes and topics including his relationship with his family and their experience of living in modern China (the topic of his widely exhibited installation Waste Not), the transformation of China's urban environment and the impermanence of change.
Early life and career
Song Dong was born in Beijing in 1966 to a family that was once prosperous but was reduced to poverty by China's repeated upheavals. His father Song Shiping was caught up in the Cultural Revolution and was one of the millions of Chinese people sent to a re-education camp for supposedly being a "counter-revolutionary". The younger Song was raised by his mother, Zhao Xiangyuan.
Song was an enthusiastic artist from an early age and began painting with the encouragement of his mother – though his father was not so supportive – and first trained in oil painting. He graduated in 1989 from the Fine Arts Department of Capital Normal University in Beijing, and slowly began painting in a less conventional manner following his 1992 Solo Exhibition 'Show of Oil Paintings' in Beijing's Culture Palace. In 1992 he married a fellow artist, Yin Xiuzhen. The two turned their back on their academic training and turned to avant garde and experimental art forms including performance and video.
Artistic themes
Several of Song Dong's works have conveyed a theme of the impermanence of change, highlighting the way that although a single person could effect a minor change it could only have a fleeting impact. In 1995 he began writing a daily diary on a flat piece of stone using clear water rather than ink, so that the letters would disappear as he wrote them. He subsequently visited Tibet, where he photographed himself striking the Lhasa River with an old-style Chinese seal. The following year, he visited Tiananmen Square in Beijing on a freezing New Year's Eve to create the piece Breathing, showing himself lying face-down on the ground for 40 minutes until his breath had created a temporary sheet of ice on the pavement. He repeated the same thing on a frozen lake in a Beijing park that made no impression on the existing sheet of ice.
Both Song and Yin have made Beijing itself a major subject of their work. As the historic city has been progressively demolished to make way for modern buildings, the pair have retrieved fragments of the razed buildings to make artistic installations from them. Song highlighted China's dramatic transformation through a series of edible installations called Eating the City that were staged between 2003 and 2006 in Barcelona, Beijing, Hong Kong, London, Oxford and Shanghai. As he puts it,
Song's relationships with his parents have also been a recurring theme of his work. Touching My Father, created in 1997, tackled his distant relationship with his father (who died in 2002). It consists of a video in which Song's own hand, superimposed over a film of his father, appears to stroke him. More recently, he created the installation Waste Not displaying over 10,000 household items from the home of his late mother, whose extreme thriftiness led her to obsessively hoard anything that could possibly be re-used. As of 2012, it has so far been displayed in eight cities around the world.
Song was awarded a UNESCO/ASCHBERG Bursary Laureate in 2000 and won the Grand Award at the Gwanju Biennale in South Korea in 2006. He has put on many solo shows around the world, including Projects 90, at the Museum of Modern Art in 2009 and A Blot in the Landscape at Pace Beijing in 2010. His first major retrospective in Europe was presented in 2015 at Groninger Museum and Kunsthalle Düsseldorf. His group exhibitions include China Now, Alors Le Chine: Chinese Contemporary Art at the Centre Pompidou, Paris in 2003; Re-Imagining Asia HKW, at the Haus der Kulturen der Welt, Berlin in 2008, and at The New Art Gallery Walsall in 2009; and The 10th Liverpool Biennial, Liverpool in 2010. In 2012, Song contributed to the dOCUMENTA (13) exhibition at Kassel, Germany with his Do nothing garden.
Artwork
This artwork is about Song Dong projected an image of his hand onto his father's body with a projector. Starting from his father's face, the hand swept all across his father's body slowly and stopped at heart. Song Dong believes that there is a generation gap between him and his father. However, he always wants to express his love to his father. During that time, a Chinese father usually acts as an emperor of the family. The relationship between father and son was normally like a ruler and subject. His father declined him whenever Song Dong request to touch his father. In the end, Song Dong tells his father, “I will be famous if you let me finish this artwork.” These words influenced his father's opinion and allowed him to finish the artwork. At that moment, Song Dong realized that his father sacrificed his dignity and authority as a father for his son's success and future.
More information https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0J_ot7SkKU
Another artwork Song Dong created is called doing nothing garden, this installation is a 6 meters tall mound piled with organic trash, and is fully covered by grass and flowers. It had been exhibited in Kassel Germany for Documenta 13 exhibition in 2010-2012. This artwork discusses about doing things: doing nothing rather than doing something, doing nothing leads to creating something. His work has a sense of helplessness to change the nature and society that human has limited power to change the nature. After the exhibition, Song Dong removes everything and no more garden remains, just like human doing so much work to protect nature, but nothing changes.
References
External links
List of Song Dong's exhibitions, Asia-Pacific Triennial of Contemporary Art 2002
Chinese contemporary artists
Chinese sculptors
Chinese performance artists
Artists from Beijing
1966 births
Living people
William Clemens (September 10, 1905 – April 29, 1980) was an American film director.
Born in Saginaw, Michigan, Clemens began his Hollywood career as a film editor in 1931. His first directing project was Man Hunt in 1936. His major credits include On Dress Parade with the Dead End Kids, two Perry Mason mysteries (The Case of the Velvet Claws and The Case of the Stuttering Bishop), three films featuring detective Tom Lawrence, a.k.a. "The Falcon," four films based on the Nancy Drew series, and Calling Philo Vance in 1940. Clemens' final project was The Thirteenth Hour in 1947.
He died in Los Angeles, California in 1980.
Complete filmography
As director
Man Hunt (1936)
The Law in Her Hands (1936)
The Case of the Velvet Claws (1936)
Down the Stretch (1936)
Here Comes Carter (1936)
The Sunday Round-Up (1936 short)
Once a Doctor (1937)
The Case of the Stuttering Bishop (1937)
Talent Scout (1937)
The Footloose Heiress (1937)
Missing Witnesses (1937)
Accidents Will Happen (1938)
Torchy Blane in Panama (1938)
Mr. Chump (1938)
Nancy Drew... Detective (1938)
Devil's Island (1939)
Nancy Drew... Reporter (1939)
Nancy Drew... Trouble Shooter (1939)
Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase (1939)
On Dress Parade (1939), starring the Dead End Kids
Calling Philo Vance (1940)
King of the Lumberjacks (1940)
She Couldn't Say No (1940)
Knockout (1941)
The Night of January 16th (1941)
Night in New Orleans (1942)
Sweater Girl (1942)
Lady Bodyguard (1943)
The Falcon in Danger (1943)
The Falcon and the Co-eds (1943)
The Falcon Out West (1944)
Crime by Night (1944)
Musical Shipmates (1946 short)
The Thirteenth Hour (1947)
As editor
Freighters of Destiny (1931)
The Saddle Buster (1932)
Ghost Valley (1932)
Beyond the Rockies (1932)
Ride Him, Cowboy (1932)
Haunted Gold (1932)
The Telegraph Trail (1933)
Somewhere in Sonora (1933)
The Man from Monterey (1933)
From Headquarters (1933)
Easy to Love (1934)
Journal of a Crime (1934)
Dr. Monica (1934)
Kansas City Princess (1934)
Happiness Ahead (1934)
Devil Dogs of the Air (1935)
Oil for the Lamps of China (1935)
Page Miss Glory (1935)
I Found Stella Parish (1935)
The Murder of Dr. Harrigan (1936)
As producer
King of the Lumberjacks (1940) (uncredited)
References
External links
1905 births
1980 deaths
People from Saginaw, Michigan
Film directors from Michigan
American film editors
The 1st Kazakhstan President Cup was played from April 26 to April 30, 2008 in Almaty. 8 youth teams participated in the tournament (players were born no earlier than 1992.)
Participants
Venues
The match of opening and the final took place at the Central Stadium. Other matches took place at T.Ryskulov NEU Stadium.
Format
The tournament is held in two stages. At the first stage, eight teams are divided into two qualification groups (A and B). Competitions of the first stage were held on circular system. The winners of the groups advance to the final, while the group runners-up meet to determine third place.
Group stage
All times UTC+6
Group A
Group B
Match for the 7th place
Match for the 5th place
Bronze medal match
Final
Statistics
Awards
The best player of a tournament
Andrew Arici (Ole Brasil)
Goalscorer of a tournament
Alper Çakiroglu (Beşiktaş;5 goals)
The best goalkeeper of a tournament
Lev Gorelik (Zenit)
The best defender of a tournament
Ozmen Sezer (Beşiktaş)
The best midfielder of a tournament
Petr Ten (CSKA)
The best forward of a tournament
Thomas Verheijdt (ADO Den Haag)
Prize of spectator sympathies
Alibek Sambiyev (Tsesna)
Prize money
According to FFK, the prize fund of a tournament will make 20,000 $. "The teams which took 1, 2 and 3 place will be received, respectively 10,000, 6,000 and 4,000 $.
2008
2008 in Kazakhstani football
2007–08 in European football
2008 in Asian football
2008 in youth association football
The United Left (, abbreviated IU) was a political coalition in Bolivia. IU was launched ahead of the 1989 national elections, as a successor of the United People's Front (FPU). At the time of its founding IU consisted of eight parties, including the Revolutionary Left Movement - Free Bolivia (MIR-BL), the Communist Party of Bolivia (PCB), the Socialist Party-1 (PS-1), the Axis of Patriotic Convergence (ECP), the Movement for Socialist-Unzaguist (MAS-U) and FOM.
The candidate of IU for president in 1989 was the MIR-BL leader Antonio Aranibar. The vice presidential candidate of the coalition was Walter Delgadillo, ex-general secretary of the Central Obrera Boliviana trade union confederation. The Aranibar-Delgadillo ticket obtained 113,509 votes (7.2% of the national vote). IU won ten seats in the Chamber of Deputies but no seats in the Senate. Three IU parliamentarians were elected from Cochabamba Department, Chuquisaca Department and Potosí Department, and one parliamentarian was elected from La Paz Department.
The coalition fell apart ahead of the municipal elections in December 1989, in which the different parties contested separately. IU was later revived, without MIR-BL in its fold.
By 1997 IU was largely moribund. However, ahead of the 1997 national elections candidates from the Assembly for the Sovereignty of the Peoples (ASP) of Alejo Véliz and Evo Morales were included on the lists of IU. ASP had unsuccessfully sought registration as a political party prior to the alliance with IU. Véliz was the presidential candidate for IU as well as being a candidate for parliament (on the proportional representation list). Four ASP members were elected to the Chamber of Deputies as IU candidates (all from the Chapare province of Cochabamba Department); Evo Morales, Román Loayza Caero, Félix Sanchéz Veizaga and Néstor Guzmán Villarroel.
References
External links
1997 campaign website (unofficial)
Defunct left-wing political party alliances
Defunct political party alliances in Bolivia
Political parties with year of disestablishment missing
Political parties with year of establishment missing
Socialist parties in Bolivia
Bolivia
The 2018 Players' Championship was held from April 10 to 15, 2018 at the Mattamy Athletic Centre in Toronto, Ontario. It was the seventh men's and sixth women's Grand Slam event of the 2017–18 World Curling Tour.
On the men's side, Calgary's Kevin Koe won his first Players' Championship as a skip (he had previously won in 2004 playing third for John Morris). On the women's side, Minnesota's Jamie Sinclair rink became the first American ever team to win a Grand Slam championship.
Qualification
The top 12 ranked men's and women's teams on the World Curling Tour's year to date ranking as of March 12 qualify:
Man 's
Top men's teams as of March 12:
Niklas Edin
Brad Gushue
Kevin Koe
Mike McEwen
Peter de Cruz
Brad Jacobs
Brendan Bottcher
Reid Carruthers
Jason Gunnlaugson
Bruce Mouat
John Epping
John Shuster
Kim Chang-min
Thomas Ulsrud
Liu Rui
Kyle Smith
Woman 's
Top 12 women's teams as of March 12:
Jennifer Jones
Anna Hasselborg
Chelsea Carey
Eve Muirhead
Rachel Homan
Kerri Einarson
Silvana Tirinzoni
Kim Eun-jung
Nina Roth
Satsuki Fujisawa
Jamie Sinclair
Kelsey Rocque (Laura Crocker)
Men
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Round robin results
All draw times are listed in Eastern Daylight Time (UTC-04:00).
Draw 1
Tuesday, April 10, 7:00 pm
Draw 2
Wednesday, April 11, 8:30 am
Draw 3
Wednesday, April 11, 12:00 pm
Draw 5
Wednesday, April 11, 8:00 pm
Draw 7
Thursday, April 12, 12:00 pm
Draw 9
Thursday, April 12, 8:00 pm
Draw 10
Friday, April 13, 8:00 am
Draw 12
Friday, April 13, 4:00 pm
Tiebreaker
Friday, April 13, 8:00 pm
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Saturday, April 14, 11:30 am
Semifinals
Saturday, April 14, 7:30 pm
Final
Sunday, April 15, 12:30 pm
Women
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Round robin results
All draw times are listed in Eastern Daylight Time (UTC-04:00).
Draw 1
Tuesday, April 10, 7:00 pm
Draw 2
Wednesday, April 11, 8:30 am
Draw 3
Wednesday, April 11, 12:00 pm
Draw 4
Wednesday, April 11, 4:00 pm
Draw 6
Thursday, April 12, 8:30 am
Draw 8
Thursday, April 12, 4:00 pm
Draw 11
Friday, April 13, 12:00 pm
Draw 13
Friday, April 13, 8:00 pm
*Hasselborg missed the game due to illness. The team was skipped by Sara McManus for this game.
Tiebreaker
Saturday, April 14, 8:00 am
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Saturday, April 14, 3:30 pm
Semifinals
Saturday, April 14, 7:30 pm
Final
Sunday, April 15, 5:00 pm
Notes
References
External links
Website
Players' Championship
Players' Championship
Players' Championship
April 2018 sports events in Canada
Curling in Toronto
Sports competitions in Toronto
2022 Winter Olympics marketing was a long running campaign that began since Beijing won its bid to host the games in 2015.
Symbols
Emblem
The official emblem "Winter Dream" () was unveiled on 15 December 2017 at the Beijing National Aquatics Center. The emblem is a stylized rendition of the character "冬" (Winter) inspired by winter snow, with a ribbon motif. The top is meant to resemble a skier and the bottom is meant to resemble a skater. The emblem also features the Olympic colors (except black) and the Chinese flag colors. The emblem was designed by Lin Cunzhen who also created the Nanjing 2014 logo.
Slogan
The Games' promotional slogan is Joyful Rendezvous Upon Pure Ice and Snow (), which was used for the candidature process for Beijing to bid for the 2022 Games. On September 17, 2021 the Beijing 2022 announce the slogan of Olympic Winter Games "Together for a Shared Future!" (). A song with the same name, "Together for a Shared Future" was sung in two versions: one by Jackson Yee, the other by William Chan and Tia Ray; to promote the slogan of the Winter Olympics and Paralympics.
Mascot
The mascot "Bing Dwen Dwen" () was unveiled on 17 September 2019 at the Shougang Ice Hockey Arena and was designed by Cao Xue.
The giant panda, is often regarded as one main symbols of China. Its helmet is also indicative of the snow and ice of winter sports. Along with the Olympic mascot, the Paralympic mascot was also revealed on the same day.
Corporate sponsorship
See also
2010 Winter Olympics marketing
2014 Winter Olympics marketing
2018 Winter Olympics marketing
References
Marketing
Olympic marketing
Joe Robert Pemagbi (born 22 November 1945 in Bo, British Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean diplomat. He has been the Sierra Leonean Ambassador to the United Nations since March 2003. He is also a graduate of Njala University college where he also was a long time staff member: Language department head from 1986 to 1995, Dean from 1988 to 1992, and associate professor from 1991 to 1995). He was also chairperson of the National Commission for Democracy and Human Rights from 1999 to March 2003. He is a member of the Mende ethnic group. During his time as the chairman of the NCDHR, he effortlessly continued lecturing at his Alma Mata. He is still one of Sierra Leone's most renowned linguists. He hols an MPhil in Linguistics from Leeds University.
References
1945 births
Living people
Njala University alumni
People from Bo, Sierra Leone
Sierra Leonean diplomats
Permanent Representatives of Sierra Leone to the United Nations
Mende people
Njala University faculty
Wereszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Mircze, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Wereszyn
Hava Vladimirovna Volovich (:ru:Волович, Хава Владимировна;1916–2000), was a Ukrainian writer, actress, puppet theater director and Gulag survivor.
In literary value and historical witness, her notes from the Soviet forced labour camps have been compared with Shalamov's stories and Anne Frank's Diary. Anne Applebaum wrote that Volovich stands out in the anthology "Gulag Voices", as she, like Elena Glinka, was not afraid to touch upon taboo subjects Volovich's story about her own child in the camp contrasts to some stereotypes about the selfishness and venality of gulag prisoners who bore children there.
Biography
Hava Vladimirovna (Vilkovna) Volovich was born in 1916 into a Jewish family in Mena, a small town in the Chernihiv region of northern Ukraine. In 1934 she finished a seven-year school and began work first as a typesetter and then as sub-editor with a local newspaper.
Volovich was arrested on August 14, 1937 on the charge of anti-Soviet agitation and sentenced to fifteen years in the Soviet forced ("correctional") labor camps or "ITL"
She served her time in "Sevzheldorlag" (lumbering) at the "Mariinsky Mine" (Мариинский прииск) (farm work), in "Ozerlag" and in "Dzhezkasgan".
In 1942, she had a daughter who died in the gulag in 1944.
For many years she participated in the camp amateur productions, acting in the camp theater and organizing a marionette theater. She was released on April 20, 1953.
After the camp, Volovich lived in exile until 1956. In 1957, she returned to her hometown. Starting in 1958, she directed the local club puppet theater. She was exonerated on December 28, 1963.
She died in Mena on February 14, 2000.
See also
White Sea-Baltic Canal
History of the Soviet Union
Gulag
Article 58 (RSFSR Penal Code)
Enemy of the people
References
Publications
Журнал «Горизонт», № 2, 1989 г..
Доднесь тяготеет. [Сб. воспоминаний]. Вып. 1. Записки вашей современницы / Сост. С. С. Виленский. — М.: Сов. пис., 1989. — С. 461—494.
Озерлаг: как это было / сост. Л. С. Мухин. — Иркутск : Вост.-Сиб. кн. изд-во, 1992. — С. 55-87.
Театр Гулага. Воспоминания. Очерки / Сост. М. М. Кораллов. — М.: Звенья, 1995. — С. 143—155 Театр ГУЛАГа.
Отечественные записки. 2006. № 2/27 (на сайте ОЗ текст убран, но сохранился в кэше Яндекса).
Till my Tale is Told.[women's memoirs of GULAG] by Indiana University Press, 1999.Till my Tale is Told
Gulag Voices. edited by Anne Applebaum, Yale University Press, 2011.Gulag Voices
External links
Hava Volovich official site
Hava Volovich on Lib.ru
Дневники «советской Анны Франк» (Diaries of a Soviet Anne Frank) on Jewish.ru
— биография.
1916 births
2000 deaths
Gulag detainees
Russian Jews
Soviet writers
Russian memoirists
Jewish women writers
Russian women writers
Russian prisoners and detainees
Soviet rehabilitations
Women memoirists
20th-century Russian women writers
20th-century memoirists
Imre Schlosser was a footballer who represented the Hungary national football team as a striker between 1906 and 1921, and again in 1926 and 1927. He scored his first international goal on 4 November 1906, aged 17 years and 24 days, in a 3–1 win over Austria. From there, he become both his country's and Europe's all-time top scorer in international football, scoring 59 goals in 68 times for Hungary (the team won 70% of the games in which they fielded Schlosser), resulting in a ratio of 0.87 goals per match. He held that position for 40 years, until being overtaken by Ferenc Puskás(84) and Sándor Kocsis(75) in the 50s, both members of the nation's Golden Team.
Schlosser was the first footballer to score 50 international goals, achieving the feat when he scored a brace (two goals) in a 6–2 victory against Austria on 3 June 1917. Schlosser scored 5 hat-tricks for Hungary, including a 5-goal haul in a 12–0 win over Russia and a 6-goal haul against Switzerland in a 9–0 win, but the most important came on 3 July 1912, when he netted his side's three goals in a 3–1 win over Germany in the 1912 Summer Olympics consolation tournament semi-finals, and Schlosser also scored in the final against Austria.
International goals
Scores and results list Hungary's goal tally first and score column indicates the score after each Schlosser goal.
Note, according to Austrian sources Schlosser scored both the goals for 3–2 and 4–2; one Hungarian source credits the 4–2 to Béla Krempels.
Hat-tricks
Statistics
See also
List of men's footballers with 50 or more international goals
List of footballers with 500 or more goals
References
Hungary national football team
Schlosser, Imre
The 21st Beijing College Student Film Festival () took place in Beijing, China in May 2014. Director Cao Baoping's Einstein and Einstein received the Best Film Award, while Diao Yi'nan, director of Black Coal, Thin Ice was crowned with the Best Director title. Nick Cheung clinched the Best Actor title for his role in Unbeatable. The Best Actress Award went to Tang Wei, in recognition for her performance in Finding Mr. Right.
Winners and nominees
References
External links
[List of winners of the 21st Beijing College Student Film Festival] Sina
Beijing College Student Film Festival
2014 film festivals
2014 festivals in Asia
Bei
Loch Eigheach is a large upland dammed freshwater loch in the Scottish Highlands. It is located in Rannoch Moor in the Council Area of Perth and Kinross. The undisturbed Loch Eigheach was much smaller.
Dam
Loch Eigheach is part of the Tummel hydro-electric power scheme and had been enlarged in the 1950s and dam placed at its eastern end by the Gaur Dam.
Geography
Loch Eigheach lies on the River Gaur and is located between Loch Laidon in the west and Loch Rannoch in the east.
On its northern shore, the river Allt Eigheach flows into the loch. The main inflow to the loch in the east is the Garbh Ghaoir. Loch Eigheach is traversed by the River Gaur that flows out of Loch Eigheach in the west. The water leaving Loch Eigheach across the River Gaur first flows through a hydroelectric power station before being returned to the riverbed.
The shores of Loch Eigheach are completely uninhabited. Parts of the north shore and the dam wall are accessed by the B846. All other shorelines are not accessible by car. Loch Eigheach is a fishing area where mainly perch are caught.
References
External links
The wild Fisher
Eigheach
Tay catchment
Eigheach
Play Kurt Weill may refer to:
The Young Gods Play Kurt Weill, 1991 album by the Young Gods
Tethered Moon Play Kurt Weill, 1995 album by Tethered Moon
Stefano Pellegrini (born 6 July 1967) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Career
Pellegrini was born in Varese. He played for 8 seasons (121 games, 2 goals) in the Serie A for U.C. Sampdoria, A.S. Roma and Udinese Calcio.
Personal life
His older brothers Luca Pellegrini and Davide Pellegrini also played football professionally. To distinguish them, Luca was referred to as Pellegrini I, Davide as Pellegrini II and Stefano as Pellegrini III.
Honours
Roma
Coppa Italia: 1990–91
External links
1967 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
A.C. Monza players
U.C. Sampdoria players
A.S. Roma players
Udinese Calcio players
Modena F.C. players
A.C. Carpi players
AC Bellinzona players
Italian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
A velodrome is an arena for track cycling. Modern velodromes feature steeply banked oval tracks, consisting of two 180-degree circular bends connected by two straights. The straights transition to the circular turn through a moderate easement curve.
History
The first velodromes were constructed during the late 1870s, the oldest of which is Preston Park Velodrome, Brighton, United Kingdom, built in 1877 by the British Army. Some were purpose-built just for cycling, and others were built as part of facilities for other sports; many were built around athletics tracks or other grounds and any banking was shallow. Reflecting the then-lack of international standards, sizes varied and not all were built as ovals: for example, Preston Park is long and features four straights linked by banked curves, while the Portsmouth velodrome, in Portsmouth, has a single straight linked by one long curve. Early surfaces included cinders or shale, though concrete, asphalt and tarmac later became more common.
Indoor velodromes were also common particularly in the late 19th and early 20th century. For example, the Vélodrome d'hiver was built in Paris in 1909 and featured a indoor track with a wooden surface.
International competitions such as the Olympic Games led to more standardisation: two-straight oval tracks quickly became the norm, and gradually lap lengths reduced. The Vélodrome de Vincennes, used for the 1896 (and 1924) Games was per lap, while Antwerp's Vélodrome d'Anvers Zuremborg, used in 1920, and Helsinki Velodrome, used in 1952, were both . By the 1960s up to 1989, tracks of length were commonly used for international competitions (e.g.: the Agustín Melgar Olympic Velodrome used for track cycling events at the 1968 Summer Olympics, and Leicester's Saffron Lane velodrome used at the 1970 and 1982 Track Cycling World Championships). Since 1990, such events are usually held on velodromes with laps. London's 2012 Olympic velodrome and a new velodrome in Turkmenistan's capital city Ashgabat both have a 250 m track and a 6,000-seat spectator capacity.
Technical aspects
Banking in the turns, called cant, allows riders to keep their bikes relatively perpendicular to the surface while riding at speed. When travelling through the turns at racing speed, which may exceed , the banking attempts to match the natural lean of a bicycle moving through that curve. At the ideal speed, the net force of the centrifugal force (outward) and gravity (downward) is angled down through the bicycle, perpendicular to the riding surface.
Riders are not always travelling at full speed or at a specific radius. Most events have riders all over the track. Team races (like the madison) have some riders at speed and others riding more slowly. In match sprints riders may come to a stop by performing a track stand in which they balance the bicycle on the sloped surface while keeping their feet locked into the pedals. For these reasons, the banking tends to be 10 to 15 degrees less than physics predicts. Also, the straights are banked 10 to 15 degrees more than physics would predict. These compromises make the track ridable at a range of speeds.
From the straight, the curve of the track increases gradually into the circular turn. This section of decreasing radius is called the easement spiral or transition. It allows bicycles to follow the track around the corner at a constant radial position. Thus riders can concentrate on tactics rather than steering.
Bicycles and track design
Bicycles for velodromes, better known as track bicycles, have no brakes. They employ a single fixed rear gear, or cog, that does not freewheel. This helps maximise speed, reduces weight, and avoids sudden braking while nevertheless allowing the rider to slow by pushing back against the pedals.
Modern velodromes are constructed by specialised designers. The Schuermann architects in Germany have built more than 125 tracks worldwide. Most of Schuermann's outdoor tracks are made of wood trusswork with a surface of strips of the rare rain-forest wood Afzelia. Indoor velodromes are built with less expensive pine surfaces.
The track is measured along a line up from the bottom. Olympic and World Championship velodromes must measure . Other events on the UCI International Calendar may be held in velodromes that measure between and inclusive, with a length such that a whole or half number of laps give a distance of .
The velodrome at Calshot, Hampshire, UK is only and has especially steep banking because it was built to fit inside an aircraft hangar. Forest City Velodrome in London, Ontario, Canada, is the world's shortest at . Built to fit a hockey arena, it too has steep banking.
The smaller the track, the steeper the banking. A track banks around 45°, while a track banks around 32°. Some older velodromes were built to imperial standards. The Dick Lane Velodrome in East Point, Georgia USA, is .
Velodrome tracks can be surfaced with different materials, including timber, synthetics and concrete. Shorter, newer, and Olympic quality tracks tend to be timber or synthetics; longer, older, or inexpensive tracks are concrete, macadam, or even cinder.
Track markings
Important cycling events are usually held on tracks which have lines laid out in a specified arrangement. Some other tracks also follow these protocols, but others have a different arrangement of lines to suit their facility and to assist riders in holding a straight line and in avoiding drifting onto the flatter section below the bankings where they risk their tyres sliding out.
Between the infield (sometimes referred to as an apron) and the actual track is the blue band (called "Côte d'Azur") which is typically 10% of the surface. The blue band is not technically a part of the track; although it is not illegal to ride there, moving into it to shortcut another rider results in disqualification. During time trials, pursuits or other timed events, the blue band is obstructed with sponges or other objects. The blue band is a warning to cyclists that they may scrape their pedal along the infield when in a curve, which can easily result in a crash.
above the blue band is the black measurement line. The inner edge of this line defines the length of the track. above the inside of the track is the outside of the 5 cm wide red sprinter's line. The zone between black and red lines is sprinter's lane, which is the optimum route around the track. A rider leading in the sprinter's lane may not be passed on the inside; other riders must pass on the longer outside route.
Minimum (or half the track width) above the inside of the track is the blue stayer's line. This line serves in races behind motorbikes as a separation line. Stayers below the blue line may not be overtaken on the inside. In Madison races (named after six-day races at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York and also known as "the American"), the team's relief rider rests above the stayer's line by riding slowly until his or her teammate comes around the track and throws him or her back into the race.
The finish line is black on a wide white band and near the end of the home straight. Red lines are marked in the exact centre of each straight as start and finish line for pursuit races. A white 200 m line marks before the finish.
Track construction
Velodromes may be indoors or outdoors. In the heyday of velodrome racing (1890–1920), indoor tracks were common. When hosting six-day races, they were popular for revellers and urban sophisticates to congregate in the early hours after the bars had closed. Indoor tracks are not affected by weather and are more comfortable for spectators. They ride smoother and last longer. Despite the advantages of indoor tracks, outdoor velodromes are more common, as an outdoor venue does not require a building, making it more affordable, especially when new. Today, although many classic indoor tracks have been torn out of buildings and replaced by venues for more popular sports, velodromes are still sometimes built into indoor venues, particularly where track racing can generate enough revenue to cover the expense of dedicating a building to it.
Race formats
There are a variety of formats in velodrome races. A typical event will consist of several races of varying distances and structures. Common types of races include:
Scratch race is the most straightforward type of race where riders compete over a specified distance and the order of finish determines the winners.
Points race assigns value to specific laps throughout a race, e.g. every tenth lap. Generally the leading rider and sometimes the second place rider will be awarded points. The structure and timing of points races varies greatly, but the winner is determined by the accumulation of points and not necessarily the rider crossing the line first at the end of the race. Standard points races can have sprints every ten laps with the first three or four riders scoring, while Tempo races award a single point to the sprint winner, but award a point every lap, sharing the attritional quality of the Elimination race.
Elimination race, also known as the Devil, from the phrase "devil take the hindmost", or "miss and out", removes the last place rider from each lap (every second lap on shorter tracks) until only a few riders, often the final two, remain. The final standings are then determined by a rolling start match sprint over the last two laps.
Madison races team up pairs of riders in a tag-team format. Riders "sling" their teammate forward to facilitate alternating sprints that keep the pace very high during typically long races (, or more, compared to for most other races). The name is taken from Madison Square Garden where the format was popular in the early 1900s. Since partners can trade as often as they like, this is a very busy race format, with half of the racers racing and half circulating around the track at any time. Historically the race was decided by which team had 'taken' the most laps, i.e. lapped the field, with points or finishing position only used to separate ties. In modern Madison racing, however, points scored in sprints decide the race, with a gained lap gaining a large points bonus. As a result, the Madison race is now essentially a team points race.
Time trials include team pursuit, team sprint, individual pursuit, kilo and 500 metre time trials, and the 200m flying lap. Cyclists or teams compete alone or in pairs against the clock alone, with times deciding the winner. In team events, drafting plays an important part in the discipline. while in pursuit events, an alternative means of victory is to 'catch' your opponent by making up the distance between the two start positions on opposite sides of the track. The flying lap was formally part of the Omnium event, but is now reserved for the qualification stage of match sprint events to determine seeding.
The Hour is a notable and unique event where a rider attempts to cover the furthest possible distance in one hour, as opposed to a set distance in the fastest time. This is not held as a championship event but as an occasional challenge event for an elite time trialist.
Sprints, also known as 'match sprints', are short, highly tactical races involving two or three powerful track cyclists over a short course of three laps from a standing start, each trying to take advantage of drafting their opponent, or alternatively getting a gap to prevent their opponent drafting behind them, before breaking into an extremely fast final sprint for the line.
Keirin races involve pacing 6 to 9 sprint riders with a motorcycle known as a Derny. The Derny gradually accelerates until the last lap and a half when it pulls off the track, leading to a sprint for the finish to determine the winner.
Omnium competition assigns a point value to final standings of each race and riders accumulate points over the course of an event or series of events. This is not a specific race, but a competition that ties races and events together, and comparable to a heptathlon, decathlon in athletics, or modern pentathlon. Four endurance events comprise the current Olympic and World Championship Omnium: Scratch, Tempo, Elimination and Points race and must be completed within a day.
Team Sprint, sprint, Keirin, Kilo and flying laps are generally considered 'sprinters' races, which in track cycling equate to extremely powerful, muscular riders over short distances, resulting in some historic overlap between BMX riders and track sprinters, such as Chris Hoy. The other events are considered endurance events for riders with less outright power but greater aerobic ability, and such events have historically enjoyed an overlap with elite road racers, including road sprinters such as Mark Cavendish and Elia Viviani, Grand Tour legends Eddy Merckx , Fausto Coppi and more recent Tour de France winners Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas.
See also
Board track racing
Cycle track
List of cycling tracks and velodromes
Outline of bicycles
Outline of cycling
Cant (road/rail)
References
External links
List of velodromes
Track Cycling
Sports venues by type
Track cycling
Georgi Gospodinov (, born 20 December 1958) is a Bulgarian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1958 births
Living people
Bulgarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Bulgaria
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
"Beim ersten Mal tut's immer weh" (German for The first time always hurts) is a song by German industrial metal band Oomph!. It was released in 2008, as the second single from their album Monster. The song was used as a promo single for the album.
Music video
The video is based on the controversial 2005 indie film Hard Candy. A censored version of the video was first released on 14 July 2008 through the video hosting service MyVideo. An uncensored version became available on the band's website via an online game ("Labyrinth") that promoted the release of the album Monster.
The video depicts a 15-year-old girl nicknamed Rotkäppchen (German: Little Red Riding Hood) being lured into a meeting with a pedophile. The two return to the pedophile's home, where the man sits on a chair and gets undressed, while the young girl starts to strip, then punches her assailant, knocking him unconscious. The young girl then ties the man down and gags him while torturing him with a butcher knife and other medical instruments, ultimately removing the man's testicles. Throughout the video, there are scenes depicting Oomph! performing the song.
Promo track listing
Beim ersten Mal tut's immer weh ("The first time always hurts") - 3:58
References
External links
MyVideo link to Oomph! Channel, containing Beim ersten Mal tut's immer weh music video
Oomph! official website
2008 songs
Oomph! songs
Songs written by Dero Goi
Painscastle was, from 1894 to 1974, a rural district in the administrative county of Radnorshire, Wales.
The district was formed by the Local Government Act 1894, when the existing Hay Rural Sanitary District was divided into three: the section in Breconshire was reconstituted as Hay Rural District, the area in Herefordshire became Bredwardine Rural District, while the parishes in Radnorshire became Painscastle Rural District. The new district took its name from the ancient hundred of Painscastle. The council continued to be based in Hay on Wye in Breconshire.
The rural district comprised nine civil parishes:
Boughrood
Bryngwyn
Cleiro
Glasbury
Llanddewi Fach
Llandeilo Graban
Llanstephan
Llowes
Painscastle
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, which completely reorganised local administration in England and Wales. Its area became part of the District of Radnor in the new county of Powys.
References
Rural districts of Wales
History of Radnorshire
Radnorshire
Union Sportive de Tébessa (), known as US Tébessa , or simply UST for short, is an Algerian football club based in the city of Tébessa. The club was founded in 1936 and its colours are yellow and black. Their home stadium, Stade du 4 Mars, has a capacity of 11,000 spectators. The club is currently playing in the Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur.
Stadium
Currently the team plays at the Stade du 4 mars.
References
External links
:fr:Union sportive de Tébessa
Football clubs in Algeria
Association football clubs established in 1936
1936 establishments in Algeria
Sports clubs in Algeria
Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 22,565. The county seat is Washington.
Washington County is included in the Iowa City Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Washington County was originally formed in 1838 as Slaughter County in honor of William B. Slaughter, the secretary of Wisconsin Territory. The county, still named Slaughter County, became part of Iowa Territory on July 4, 1838, when it was organized. To honor George Washington, the county opted to change its name on January 25, 1839. The first settlers arrived in Washington County in 1835. The homesteads did not start until 1836. A town, Astoria, was built in the present township of Oregon; it became the first county seat and housed the first court house. The county seat was moved to the city of Washington in 1839.
The first religious society, organized by Reverend J.L. Kirkpatrick, a Methodist minister was created in 1839. The first newspaper was established in 1853; it was published for two years. In 1856 another newspaper started up; it has continued to the present. The major waterways through Washington County are the Skunk and English Rivers, and Crooked Creek. Timber is found in abundance around these waterways, which has allowed a timber industry to grow up. In 1855 Washington hosted the county's first bank. The county population swelled after 1858, when a railway line belonging to the Mississippi and Missouri Railroad was laid there.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 218
Iowa Highway 1
Iowa Highway 22
Iowa Highway 27
Iowa Highway 78
Iowa Highway 92
Adjacent counties
Iowa County (northwest)
Johnson County (northeast)
Louisa County (east)
Henry County (southeast)
Jefferson County (southwest)
Keokuk County (west)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 20,670 people, 8,056 households, and 5,631 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 8,543 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.04% White, 0.29% Black or African American, 0.19% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 1.51% from other races, and 0.68% from two or more races. 2.73% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,056 households, out of which 31.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.30% were married couples living together, 6.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.10% were non-families. 26.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.10% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 26.80% from 25 to 44, 22.30% from 45 to 64, and 17.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,103, and the median income for a family was $45,636. Males had a median income of $29,592 versus $22,818 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,221. About 5.10% of families and 7.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.30% of those under age 18 and 7.30% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 21,704 in the county, with a population density of . There were 9,516 housing units, of which 8,741 were occupied.
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 22,565 in the county, with a population density of . 95.31% of the population reported being of one race. There were 9,573 housing units, of which 8,916 were occupied.
Education
The county is served by 3 school districts
Highland Community School District
Mid-Prairie Community School District
Washington Community School District.
Highland Community School District includes:
Highland Elementary School
Highland Middle School
Highland High School
Communities
Cities
Ainsworth
Brighton
Coppock
Crawfordsville
Kalona
Riverside
Washington
Wellman
West Chester
Unincorporated communities
Noble
Rubio
Haskins
Townships
Brighton
Cedar
Clay
Crawford
Dutch Creek
English River
Franklin
Highland
Iowa
Jackson
Lime Creek
Marion
Oregon
Seventy-Six
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Washington County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
Washington County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Iowa
References
External links
Washington County government's website
1838 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1838
Iowa City metropolitan area
There are over 30 lakes named Mud Lake within the U.S. state of New York.
Mud Lake, Chautauqua County, New York.
Laurel Lake, also known as Mud Lake, Delaware County, New York.
Mud Lake, Delaware County, New York.
Mud Lake, Delaware County, New York.
Mud Lake, Delaware County, New York.
Mud Pond, also known as Mud Lake, Franklin County, New York.
Mud Lake, Fulton County, New York.
Mud Lake, Fulton County, New York.
Mud Lake, Fulton County, New York.
Mud Lake, Fulton County, New York.
Mud Lake, Hamilton County, New York.
Mud Lake, Hamilton County, New York.
Mud Lake, Hamilton County, New York.
Mud Lake, Hamilton County, New York.
Mud Lake, Hamilton County, New York.
Mud Lake, Herkimer County, New York.
Mud Lake, Herkimer County, New York.
Mud Lake, Herkimer County, New York.
Clear Lake, also known as Mud Lake, Jefferson County, New York.
Mud Lake, Jefferson County, New York.
Mud Lake, Lewis County, New York.
Mud Lake, Onondaga County, New York.
Mud Lake, Otsego County, New York. Otsego County, New York.
Mud Lake, Putnam County, New York.
Mud Lake, Rensselaer County, New York.
Mud Lake, Schoharie County, New York.
Lamoka Lake, also known as Mud Lake, Schuyler County, New York.
Mud Lake, St. Lawrence County, New York.
Mud Lake, St. Lawrence County, New York.
Mud Lake, Steuben County, New York.
Mud Lake, Steuben County, New York.
Harrisburg Lake, also known as Mud Lake, Warren County, New York.
References
USGS-U.S. Board on Geographic Names
Lakes of New York (state)
The green shrike-babbler (Pteruthius xanthochlorus) is a bird species that was earlier placed in the family Timaliidae. The species is now considered to be an Asian offshoot of the American vireos and belongs in the family Vireonidae.
Description
This species is about 13 centimeters in length. The male bird has a grey head, with olive-green on its back. Its throat and breast are a pale ashy grey color, with a yellow belly. The crown is blackish. The female bird is slightly duller than the male and has a greyish crown.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Bhutan, China, India, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. This species is usually found in deciduous and coniferous forests, at altitudes of 2100–3000 meters above sea level, during most seasons. However, they may descend to lower altitudes in winter. In India, the species is found in Darjeeling, Sikkim, Uttrakhand and Arunachal Pradesh.
Diet
The diet consists of insects such as ants and beetles as well as berries and seeds.
Breeding
The breeding season is mainly May and June. The nests are usually found about three to eight meters above the ground.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
green shrike-babbler
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of China
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Yunnan
green shrike-babbler
green shrike-babbler
green shrike-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tension Filter (or stylized as >Tension Filter<) is the debut studio album by haloblack, released on November 1, 1994 by Fifth Colvmn Records.
Reception
John Bush of AllMusic says "the group breathes life into somewhat tired industrial-rock, even though the requisite metal guitars, distortion and drum programming are nothing new." Last Sigh Magazine recommended the album for fans of Nine-Inch Nails 1989 album Pretty Hate Machine and described it as "a great mix of synth and guitar work and is chockfull of electronic sound -- perfect for the industrial/electronic scene." Sonic Boom agreed with the comparison for the "sheer depth, power, and stark originality" of the compositions and said "Bryan manages to bring a guitar into his music with a depth and a sound that only people like Trent Renzor can dream of."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Tension Filter liner notes.
haloblack
Bryan Barton (as Bryan Black) – vocals, instruments, editing, production
Bill Morrisette – production, guitar (1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 9)
Damien Ray – instruments, production, additional programming (7)
Additional performers
Malik – guitar (10)
Krayge Tyler – guitar (4, 6, 7, 10)
Jim Marcus – additional vocals (4)
Production and design
Tom Baker – mastering
Van Christie – production and engineering (4, 5, 6, 10)
Steve "Mud" Krayson – editing
Mary Lawing – cover art
Jim Marcus – production
Jason McNinch – engineering (4, 5, 6, 10)
Jordan Nogood – design
Sabrina A. Rahaman – photography
Chis Satenger – editing
Carl White – production, engineering and mixing (1, 2, 3, 7, 8, 9)
Release history
References
External links
Tension Filter at Bandcamp
Tension Filter at Discogs (list of releases)
1994 debut albums
Haloblack albums
Fifth Colvmn Records albums
The 'Honey Gold' mango is a named mango cultivar that is grown in Australia and known for its sweet flavor and fiberless flesh.
History
Honey Gold was first produced in Queensland's Rockhampton region in 1991 as hybrid between Kensington Pride and an unknown variety. The Queensland-based Piñata Farms owns the rights to Honey Gold.
Description
The fruit has a yellow-orange skin and an intense, punchy, distinctive sweet flavor.
See also
List of mango cultivars
References
1991 establishments in Australia
Mango cultivars
Worth County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,443. The county seat is Northwood. The county was founded in 1851 and named for Major General William Jenkins Worth (1794–1849), an officer in both the Seminole War and the Mexican–American War.
Worth County is part of the Mason City, IA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water. It is the fourth-smallest county in Iowa by land area and third-smallest by total area.
Major highways
Interstate 35/Iowa Highway 27
U.S. Highway 65
U.S. Highway 69
Iowa Highway 9
Adjacent counties
Freeborn County, Minnesota (north)
Mower County, Minnesota (northeast)
Mitchell County (east)
Cerro Gordo County (south)
Winnebago County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 7,443 in the county, with a population density of . 96.49% of the population reported being of one race. 91.76% were non-Hispanic White, 0.81% were Black, 2.83% were Hispanic, 0.11% were Native American, 0.43% were Asian, 0.01% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.04% were some other race or more than one race. There were 3,480 housing units, of which 3,127 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 7,598 in the county, with a population density of . There were 3,548 housing units, of which 3,172 were occupied.
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 7,909 people, 3,278 households, and 2,265 families in the county. The population density was 20 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 3,534 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.37% White, 0.28% Black or African American, 0.09% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.42% from other races, and 0.70% from two or more races. 1.57%. were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 3,278 households 30.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.10% were married couples living together, 7.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.90% were non-families. 27.60% of households were one person and 14.30% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.88.
The age distribution was 24.30% under the age of 18, 6.50% from 18 to 24, 26.30% from 25 to 44, 23.50% from 45 to 64, and 19.40% 65 or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.20 males.
The median household income was $36,444 and the median family income was $41,763. Males had a median income of $27,927 versus $20,897 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,952. About 6.30% of families and 8.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.60% of those under age 18 and 7.80% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Fertile
Grafton
Hanlontown
Joice
Kensett
Manly
Northwood
Census-designated place
Bolan
Townships
Barton
Bristol
Brookfield
Danville
Deer Creek
Fertile
Grove
Hartland
Kensett
Lincoln
Silver Lake
Union
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Worth County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
Worth County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worth County, Iowa
References
External links
County Government website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Mason City, Iowa micropolitan area
Populated places established in 1851
"Outlaw" is a song by American hip-hop artist 50 Cent. The song features production from hip-hop producer Cardiak, and was officially released as a digital download on July 19, 2011.
Background
The song was released after 50 Cent revealed on Twitter that he and his label were having creative differences and that his album would be on hold until both parties agreed. 50 Cent took matters into his own hands and released the song himself on his website Thisis50.com on June 16. Due to the quick success of the song, 50 Cent said on Twitter that the labels had agreed and that the song's success encouraged them to push the album.
Chart performance
The song charted on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number ninety-nine on the week ending July 23, 2011 on urban contemporary radio airplay only, prior to its digital release. It debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 87 on the week ending August 6, 2011, after its first full week of digital sales.
Track listing
Digital Single
Release information
Purchaseable release
Chart positions
References
2011 songs
2011 singles
50 Cent songs
Songs written by 50 Cent
Songs written by Cardiak
Shady Records singles
Aftermath Entertainment singles
Interscope Records singles
Korba District is an administrative district of Chhattisgarh state in central India. The headquarters of this district is Korba.
History
The district is named for the Korwa tribe that inhabits the northern part of Chhattisgarh.
Korba was formerly known as Gourigarh. The district was originally ruled by the Haihaiyas until it was conquered by the Marathas during their expansion into Chhattisgarh. Various parts of the district were controlled by small zamindars belonging to a variety of communities such as Gond and Kanwar. The Korwas managed to overthrow the rulers of Gourigarh and ruled the region until being displaced by the Rajputs under Ratan Singh. These rulers managed to retain their lands during the arrival of Marathas and British. In 1861 Korba became part of the newly-formed Bilaspur district.
Geography
The district is situated in the Northern part of the state, at the point where the Chhattisgarh plain meets the Surguja plateau. The south of the district is the northern end of the Chhattisgarh plain. In the west, these plains meet an extension of the Maikal Hills that separate the lowlands from the plateau. In the east is located the Deopahadi Range. These heavily-forested hills are divided by the valley of the Hasdeo River. The area's most important hill is Karela Hill with a height of . To the north of Katghora, the slope of the valleys of the Hasdeo and Gage is very less and joins the Surguja District in the north. The Tan and Chorai Rivers joins the River Hasdeo from opposite directions - from the east and the west. Towards the northern banks are the Gurudwari Hill, Janta Hill, Matin and Dhajag Hills.
Korba is known for its coal mines such as Gevra Area (one of the biggest coal mines of Asia), Kusmunda Area and Dipka Area, all located in Korba Coalfield. It also has power plants such as NTPC, CSEB, and Bharat Aluminium Company (BALCO).
Demographics
According to the 2011 census, Korba district has a population of 1,206,640, roughly equal to the nation of Bahrain or the US state of New Hampshire out of which 612,915 are male and 593,725 are female. This gives it a ranking of 395th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 19.25%. Korba has a sex ratio of 971 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 73.22%. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes made up 10.33% and 40.90% of the population respectively.
At the time of the 2011 Census of India, 82.68% of the population in the district spoke Chhattisgarhi, 11.61% Hindi and 1.00% Kurukh as their first language.
Culture
The district is known for its tribal culture. The largest tribes are the Gonds and Kawars, with smaller numbers of Kurukh, Binjhwar, Dhanwar and Majhwar.
Korba is famous for its cultural diversity. The people celebrate all the festivals with great enthusiasm.
Mainly Pahari Korva and Birhore tribes are major tribe community of district. They generally habitual of living in isolation. They live in hilly and forest areas.
The main tribal festival are Dev Uthani, Pola, Chherchhera, Karma, and Hareli.
Hareli is celebrated during the month of monsoon. Farmers celebrate this festival, it is also known as Hariyali.
Pola is another festival celebrated by peoples, During the festival clay made bullocks are worshiped.
Panthi Dance, Raut Nacha, Karma Nacha, Baar Nacha, and Suwa are the traditional dances of the district.
References
[6] www.korba.gov.in
External links
Korba government website
Power production in Korba, from the Chhattisgarh state website
Districts of Chhattisgarh
Coal mining districts in India
Franziska Albl (born 29 April 1995) is a German ice hockey player for the Wanderers Germering and the German national team.
She participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship as well as 2017 and 2021.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Füssen
German women's ice hockey goaltenders
Nyhavn 55 is a just three-bays-wide, 18th-century canal house overlooking the Nyhavn Canal in central Copenhagen, Denmark. The building was listed in the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1918. The heritage listing comprises a half-timbered perpendicular side wing on its hear.
History
18th and early 19th centuries
The property was by 1689 as No. 18 in St. Ann's East Quarter (Sankt Annæ Øster Kvarter) owned by Borcherner Sørensen. The building fronting the canal was constructed before 1731. It was by 1756 as No. 28 owned by skipper Hans Jacob Tofte.
At the time 1787 census, No. 28 was home to two households. Johanne Kirstine Morthorst, a widow ropemaker, resided in the building with her late husband's son and daughter-in-law, four apprentices and two lodgers. Jan Gottlieb Brandt, a sail-maker, resided in the building with Anna Christina, their two children (aged two and fice) and a maid.
The property was later acquired by Jacob Bierregaard, a master ropemaker. At the time of the 1801 census, he resided in the building with his wife J. C. Morthorst, the 17-year-old niece J. S. Beierholm and two maids.
In the new cadastre of 1806, the property was again listed as No. 28. It was by then still owned by Jacob Bierregaard.
Quade family
On 28 May 1814, Nyhavn 55 (then lot no. 28) was sold in public auction to Johan Didrich Quaade for 6,136 Rigsbankdaler. J han Didrich Quaade (2 December 1776 23 December 1855), who was originally from Pommerby, Gelting, had come to Copenhagen in an early age. He started a wholesale and freight business after being licensed as a merchant (grisserer) 28 April 1913. His new property was both home to his business, himself and many other members of the Quade family. Quade, who remained unmarried, was in the family known as "Bedsteonkel" ("Best Uncle" or "Grand Uncle"). He died in his property on 23 December 1855 and was buried from St. Peter' Church.
At the time of the 1834 census, Quade resided on the third floor of his property with one of his employees. Albrecht Christian Heinerich Quaade, one of Quade's employees, resided on the second floor with his wife Mette Helena Maria Quaade (née Haustedt) and their six children (aged three to 20). Margaretha Charlotte Quaade, Quade's sister and housekeeper (husjomfru), resided on the ground floor with two maids.
Quade bequeathed property and firm to his nephew Johan Peter Lorenz Quaade (18271889). In 1864, he partnered with N. C. Krake under the name J. P. Quaade & Krake. The company traded in grain and colonial goods as well as whale oil and other products from Greenland, Iceland and the Faroe Islands. In 1882, Krake left the company. In 1886, Quade's son Christian Veleur Quaade (born 1860)was made a partner in the firm which from then on traded as J. P. Quaade & Søn. At some point, Quade moved his company first to Sankt Annæ Plads 17 and then to Amaliegade 21A
Nyhavn was during the Quade family's ownership also home to other tenants than family members. The painter Heinrich Gustav Ferdinand Holm (1804-1861) was among the residents in the years around 1854.
Later history
The building was later operated as a hotel under the name Hotel Kikkenborg. In 1906, Nyhavn 55 was subject to various alterations. The roof with wall dormer was in this connection replaced by a Mansard roof and display windows were installed in the ground floor. A warehouse was demolished in the yard. A haulier was later based in the building.
Architecture
The house consists of three storeys over a raised cellar and is just three bays wide. The Roof features a large wall dormer. The door in the right right-hand side of the building is raised a few steps from the street and is topped by a transom window.
Todau
The building has now been converted into condominiums. The owners are together with those from the adjacent building at No. 57 organized in E/F Nyhavn 57.
Gallery
References
Further reading
Historiske huse i det gamle København. Nationalmuseet. 1972 (p. 20-21).
Nygaard, Georg: Huse og mennesker. Strejftog i det gamle København. Foreningen Fremtiden. 1941 (hæfte II).
Langberg, Harald (editor): Hvem byggede hvad. Politikens Forlag. 2.udgave. 1968 (bind 1, s. 29-30).
Keyser, Kjeld: Københavnerbindingsværk. Nationalmuseets Købstadsundersøgelser. 1985 (p.53-54, 89, 100, 103 og 299-301).
Minderige huse. Kraks Forlag. 1922.
Olesen, Peter: Overraskende København''. Gyldendalske Boghandel, Nordisk Forlag A/S. 2011 (s.10-17)
External links
Listed residential buildings in Copenhagen
Mathias Robert Lange (born April 13, 1985) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey goaltender. He last played for the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career
Lange joined the Roosters after previously playing with SC Bietigheim-Bissingen of the 2nd Bundesliga. On July 27, 2013, Lange signed a one-year contract to be the backup goaltender with the Iserlohn Roosters of the DEL.
Lange played with the Roosters for 6 seasons before leaving as a free agent following the 2018–19 season on March 9, 2019.
Lange ended his professional playing career following his tenure with the Roosters, returning to North America in accepting a position with his former collegiate team R.P.I. as an operations co-ordinator. On August 10, 2021, RPI announced the appointment of Mathias Lange as the Men's Assistant Hockey Coach.
International play
Lange competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Austria men's national ice hockey team. He made his Olympic debut on February 14, 2014 in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, playing for the Austrian team.
Awards and honors
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Austrian ice hockey goaltenders
DEG Metro Stars players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Iserlohn Roosters players
EC KAC players
Olympic ice hockey players of Austria
Sportspeople from Klagenfurt
RPI Engineers men's ice hockey players
SC Bietigheim-Bissingen players
Schwenninger Wild Wings players
The Verification of the Origins of Rotation in Tornadoes Experiment (or VORTEX) are field experiments that study tornadoes. VORTEX1 was the first time scientists completely researched the entire evolution of a tornado with an array of instrumentation, enabling a greater understanding of the processes involved with tornadogenesis. A violent tornado near Union City, Oklahoma was documented in its entirety by chasers of the Tornado Intercept Project (TIP) in 1973. Their visual observations led to advancement in understanding of tornado structure and life cycles.
VORTEX2 used enhanced technology that allowed scientists to improve forecasting capabilities and improve lead time on advanced warnings to residents. VORTEX2 sought to reveal how tornadoes form, how long they last and why they last that long, and what causes them to dissipate.
VORTEX1 and VORTEX2 was based on the use of large fleets of instrumented vehicles that ran on land, as well as aircraft and mobile radars. Important work on developing and coordinating mobile mesonets came from these field projects. Analysis of data collected in subsequent years led to significant advancement in understanding of supercell and tornado morphology and dynamics. The field research phase of the VORTEX2 project concluded on July 6, 2010.
VORTEX1
The VORTEX1 project sought to understand how a tornado is produced by deploying tornado experts in around 18 vehicles that were equipped with customized instruments used to measure and analyze the weather around a tornado. As noted aircraft and radar resources were also deployed for such measurements. The project directors were also interested in why some supercells, or mesocyclones within such storms, produce tornadoes while others do not. It also sought to determine why some supercells form violent tornadoes versus weak tornadoes.
The original project took place in 1994 and 1995. Several smaller studies, such as SUB-VORTEX and VORTEX-99, were conducted from 1996 to 2008. VORTEX1 documented the entire life cycle of a tornado, for the first time measuring it by significant instrumentation for the entire event. . Severe weather warnings improved after the research collected from VORTEX1, and many believe that VORTEX1 contributed to this improvement.
“An important finding from the original VORTEX experiment was that the factors responsible for causing tornadoes happen on smaller time and space scales than scientists had thought. New advances will allow for a more detailed sampling of a storm's wind, temperature, and moisture environment, and lead to a better understanding of why tornadoes form –-and how they can be more accurately predicted,” said Stephan Nelson, NSF program director for physical and dynamic meteorology.
VORTEX had the capability to fly Doppler weather radar above the tornado approximately every five minutes.
VORTEX research helped the National Weather Service (NWS) to provide tornado warnings to residents with a lead time of 13 minutes. A federal research meteorologist, Don Burgess, estimates that the "false alarms" pertaining to severe weather by the National Weather Service have declined by 10 percent.
The movie Twister was at least partially inspired by the VORTEX project.
VORTEX2
VORTEX2 was an expanded second VORTEX project, with field phases from 10 May until 13 June 2009 and 1 May until 15 June 2010. VORTEX2's goals were studying why some thunderstorms produce tornadoes while others do not, and learning about tornado structure, in order to make more accurate tornado forecasts and warnings with longer lead time. VORTEX2 was by far the largest and most ambitious tornado study ever with over 100 scientific participants from many different universities and research laboratories.
"We still do not completely understand the processes that lead to tornado formation and shape its development. We hope that VORTEX2 will provide the data we need to learn more about the development of tornadoes and in time help forecasters give people more advance warning before a tornado strikes," said Roger Wakimoto, director of the Earth Observing Laboratory (EOL) at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) and a principal investigator for VORTEX2.
"Then you can get first responders to be better prepared—police, fire, medical personnel, even power companies. Now, that's not even remotely possible," said Stephan P. Nelson, a program director in the atmospheric sciences division of the National Science Foundation (NSF).
Joshua Wurman, president of the Center for Severe Weather Research (CSWR) in Boulder, Colorado proposes, "if we can increase that lead time from 13 minutes to half an hour, then the average person at home could do something different. Maybe they can seek a community shelter instead of just going into their bathtub. Maybe they can get their family to better safety if we can give them a longer warning and a more precise warning."
VORTEX2 deployed 50 vehicles customized with mobile radar, including the Doppler On Wheels (DOW) radars, SMART radars, the NOXP radar, a fleet of instrumented vehicles, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), deployable instrument arrays called Sticknet and Podnet, and mobile weather balloon launching equipment. More than 100 scientists and crew researched tornadoes and supercell thunderstorms in the "Tornado Alley" region of the United States' Great Plains between Texas and Minnesota. A number of institutions and countries were involved in the US$11.9 million project, including: the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and its National Weather Service and the Storm Prediction Center (SPC) therein, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM), Finland, Italy, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Environment Canada, and universities across the United States and elsewhere.
The project included DOW3, DOW6, DOW7, Rapid-Scan DOW, SMART-RADARs, NOXP, UMASS-X, UMASS-W, and CIRPAS for their mobile radar contingent. The Doppler on Wheels were supplied by the Center for Severe Weather Research, and the SMART-Radars from the University of Oklahoma (OU). The National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL) supplied the NOXP radar, as well as several other radar units from the University of Massachusetts Amherst, the Office of Naval Research (ONR), and Texas Tech University (TTU). NSSL and CSWR supplied mobile mesonet fleets. Mobile radiosonde launching vehicles were provided by NSSL, NCAR, and the State University of New York at Oswego (SUNY Oswego). There were quite a few other deployable state-of-the-art instrumentation, such as Sticknets from TTU, tornado PODS from CSWR, and four disdrometers from University of Colorado CU, and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC).
VORTEX2 technology allowed trucks with radar to be placed in and near tornadic storms and allowed continuous observations of the tornadic activity. Howard Bluestein, a meteorology professor at the University of Oklahoma said, "We will be able to distinguish between rain, hail, dust, debris, flying cows."
Additionally, photogrammetry teams, damage survey teams, unmanned aircraft, and weather balloon launching vans helped to surround the tornadoes and thunderstorms. The equipment amassed enabled three-dimensional data sets of the storms to be collected with radars and other instruments every 75 seconds (more frequently for some individual instruments), and resolution of the tornado and tornadic storm cells as close as .
Scientists met May 10 and held a class to teach the crews how to launch the tornado pods, which would have to be released within 45 seconds of notification. VORTEX2 was equipped with 12 tornado PODS, instruments mounted onto towers that measure wind velocity (i.e. speed and direction). The aim was that some of the measurements would be taken in the center of the tornado. Once the pods are deployed, the teams repeat the process at the next location until finally the teams return to the south of the tornado to retrieve the pods with the recorded data. The process is repeated. This takes place within , or 4 minutes away from the tornado itself.
The team had 24 high portable Sticknets, which can be set up at various locations around tornado storm cells to measure wind fields, provide atmospheric readings, and record acoustically the hail and precipitation.
Scientists are still seeking to refine understanding of which supercell thunderstorms that form mesocyclones will eventually produce tornadoes, and by which processes, storm-scale interactions, and within which atmospheric environments.
Updates on the progress of the project were posted on the VORTEX2 home page. The scientists also started a blog of live reports.
"Even though this field phase seems to be the most spectacular and seems like it's a lot of work, by far the majority of what we're doing is when we go back to our labs, when we work with each other, when we work with our students to try to figure out just what is it that we've collected," Wurman said. "It's going to take years to digest this data and to really get the benefit of this."Penn State University featured the public release of the initial scientific findings in the fall.
The forecasters were determining the best probability of sighting a tornado. As the trucks traveled to Clinton, Oklahoma from Childress, Texas, they found mammatus clouds, and lightning at sundown on May 13, 2009.
The project encountered its first tornado on the afternoon of June 5 when they successfully intercepted a tornado in southern Goshen County, Wyoming, which lasted for approximately 25 minutes. One of their vehicles, Probe 1, suffered hail damage during the intercept. Later that evening, embedded Weather Channel (TWC) reporter Mike Bettes reported that elements of VORTEX2 had intercepted a second tornado in Nebraska. Placement of the armada for this tornado was nearly ideal. It was surrounded for its entire life cycle, making it the most thoroughly observed tornado in history.
Partial list of scientists and crew
The complete team comprises about 50 scientists and is supplemented by students. A complete listing of principal investigators (PIs) is at http://vortex2.org/. An alphabetical partial listing of VORTEX2 scientists and crew:
Nolan Atkins, Scientific PI, Professor Lyndon State College.
Michael Biggerstaff, Scientific PI, Professor, University of Oklahoma, expertise is in polarimetric radars, mobile radars, cloud physics and electrification, tropical cyclones (hurricanes), severe local storms, and storm dynamics. He is the Director of the SMART radar program at OU.
Howard Bluestein, Steering Committee, Scientific PI, Professor University of Oklahoma specializes in violent weather phenomena and provides expertise with Doppler weather radar. He is a professor in meteorology.
Donald W. Burgess, Steering Committee, Scientific PI, Scientist at CIMMS.
David Dowell, Steering Committee, Scientific PI, Scientist, National Center for Atmospheric Research.
Jeffrey Frame, Professor University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, expert in severe convection.
Katja Friedrich, Scientific PI, Associate Professor, University of Colorado.
Karen Kosiba, Scientific PI, is a senior research meteorologist at the Center for Severe Weather Research.
Timothy P. Marshall, P.E. is a damage analyst with a background in civil/structural engineering and meteorology.
Paul Markowski, Steering Committee, Scientific PI, associate professor in meteorology at Pennsylvania State University, specializes in severe storm dynamics.
Matthew Parker, Scientific PI, Mobile Soundings Coordinator, Associate Professor of meteorology at North Carolina State University. Specializes in the dynamics of convective storms, including tornadic supercells and mesoscale convective systems (MCSs).
Erik N. Rasmussen, Steering Committee, Scientific PI, VORTEX2 co-PI, Atmospheric Scientist and VORTEX1 field director, Rasmussen Systems.
Yvette Richardson, Steering Committee, Scientific PI, associate professor in meteorology at Pennsylvania State University, specializes in severe storm dynamics.
Glen Romine, Scientific PI, Project Scientist, National Center for Atmospheric Research.
Paul Robinson is a senior research meteorologist at the Center for Severe Weather Research.
Roger Wakimoto, Scientific PI, Director National Center for Atmospheric Research.
Chris Weiss, Scientific PI, Associate Professor, Texas Tech University.
Louis Wicker is a research scientist with a specialty in modeling of severe storm dynamics. He was also a co-team leader in VORTEX1. National Severe Storms Laboratory.
Joshua Wurman Steering Committee, Scientific PI, VORTEX2 PI, president at the Center for Severe Weather Research with a specialty in mobile Doppler weather radar, invented and leads the Doppler On Wheels (DOW) program.
Smaller projects
Other smaller field projects include the previously mentioned SUB-VORTEX (1997–98) and VORTEX-99 (1999), and VORTEX-Southeast (VORTEX-SE) (2016-2019).
See also
TOtable Tornado Observatory (TOTO)
TWISTEX
References
External links
– Scientific Program and Experimental Design overviews
NSF press release for VORTEX2
Information on the VORTEX1 project
VORTEX-99
NSSL VORTEX2 profile
Earth Observing Lab project profile (NCAR)
VORTEX1 by David O. Blanchard
Tornado Alley, a documentary featuring VORTEX2 researchers
Severe weather and convection
Meteorology research and field projects
Tornado
Tornadogenesis
Storm chasing
Live Sky Tour is a live album by Industrial band The Young Gods covering their 1992 tour in support of their album T.V. Sky. It was recorded on May 30, 1992.
Track listing
"Intro" – 2:49
"T.V. Sky" – 3:49
"Jimmy" – 2:37
"Envoyé!/Chanson Rouge" – 5:02
"L'Eau Rouge" – 3:43
"Skinflowers" – 5:23
"She Rains" – 2:50
"Summer Eyes" – 13:40
"Pas Mal" – 2:58
"Longue Route" – 4:48
"September Song" – 4:00
"Seeräuber Jenny" – 6:25
Personnel
Al Mono (Alain Monod) – Keyboards, Producer, Mixing
Üse Drums (Urs Hiestand) – Drums
Phil McKellar – Recording
Kevin Metcalfe – Mastering
Franz Reise (Franz Treichler) – Vocals
Bertrand Siffert – Producer, Mixing
References
The Young Gods albums
1993 live albums
Albums produced by Franz Treichler
PIAS Recordings albums
Metabuprestium is a fossil genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Metabuprestium arkharense Alexeev, 1996
Metabuprestium bayssense Alexeev, 1995
Metabuprestium bontsaganense Alexeev, 1995
Metabuprestium cretaceum Alexeev, 1995
Metabuprestium cuneomaculatum Alexeev, 1996
Metabuprestium dundulense Alexeev, 1995
Metabuprestium furcatorugosum Alexeev, 1996
Metabuprestium granulipenne Alexeev, 1995
Metabuprestium latipenne Alexeev, 1996
Metabuprestium minutum Alexeev, 1995
Metabuprestium nobile Alexeev, 1995
Metabuprestium ovale Alexeev, 1995
Metabuprestium oyunchaiense Alexeev, 2000
Metabuprestium shartologoiense Alexeev, 1995
Metabuprestium ustkivdense Alexeev, 2008
Metabuprestium vitimense Alexeev, 1996
References
Buprestidae genera
Yedashe Township is a township of Taungoo District in Bago Region, Myanmar. The principal town is Yedashe.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Taungoo District
A Ballad About Green Wood () is a 1983 Czechoslovak short film written and directed by Jiří Barta. It is also known as The Ballad of Green Wood. It tells a story about spring and renewal, portrayed with animated pieces of firewood. It is inspired by the Legend of Vesna from Slavic folklore.
Plot
A man chops firewood in the winter and leaves the wood in the snow. One of the split pieces has a woman's face. As the snow melts, the wood pieces begin to dance. Water flows and plants sprout around them. A raven attacks and eats the piece with a woman's face. The raven's body turns into a piece of wood with a distorted carved face. Plants die and the snow returns. The raven flies into a cave and goes to sleep. The sun rises and shines into the cave. The raven awakens and sees a piece of wood that looks like a knight on horseback. The knight charges and kills the raven with its lance. The firewoods place the raven's body on a pile of twigs, from which greenery grows and covers it. The raven transforms into a piece of firewood with a woman's face, and grows green twigs of its own, as the other firewoods dance around it. Back at the original location, the man picks up the firewoods and rips off the green twigs before he goes inside. Smoke comes out of his chimney.
Themes
The film celebrates the cyclical renewal of life in the spring. According to Barta, humans are always subject to the flow of the natural world. His own ambition, which is reflected in the film, is to be attentive to nature and follow its rhythm. The film scholar Adam Whybray describes the film as a series of movements between anthropocentric rational time and the natural world's natural or traditional time. Natural time becomes ecstatic in the spring, is frozen during the winter, and then renewed the next spring. Jenny Jediny of Not Coming to a Theater Near You writes that the "fondness for the ancient and mythological" foreshadows Barta's 1986 film The Pied Piper".
Production
The story is based on a folk tale about the Sun Prince and the virgin Vesna. The film was originally conceived in the 1970s and was to be directed by František Vláčil, but due to other commitments Vláčil abandoned it. Barta revived the project and changed its artistic direction.
The film was shot in the Bohemian Forest, the High Tatras, the Koněprusy Caves and at Studio Jiřího Trnky in Prague. Barta chose to make it outdoors because he was determined that a film about nature should depict real nature. This proved demanding due to the heavy reliance on stop-motion puppet animation, performed by the animator Milan Svatoš, and the impact of the weather. Clouds and the sun's position created strict time limits, wind would blow over the meticulously positioned puppets, and rain caused halts in the production. The depiction of thaw was achieved by pouring water over a snowpack for several hours. The musical score was composed by Vladimír Merta.
Reception
Reviewing the DVD Jiri Barta: Labyrinth of Darkness in 2006, Jamie S. Rich of DVD Talk described the film as "more visually stunning than illuminating, but cool all the same". He wrote that the video quality was poor; "probably the worst looking of the set"; and the audio "mixed a little low, as well". In Animation: A World History (2016), the scholars Giannalberto Bendazzi and Tommaso Iannini call it "a simple, short film of great impact".
See also
List of films based on Slavic mythology
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Catalogue entry at Krátký film Praha
1983 animated films
1983 short films
1983 films
Czechoslovak animated short films
Films directed by Jiří Barta
Animated films based on Slavic mythology
1980s animated short films
The Butler House in the general area of Pueblo, Colorado was built around 1880, or before. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The listing included five contributing buildings and a contributing site on .
The main house of the Butler House ranch complex is a one-story adobe residence of about , which was built in the 1880s or before; perhaps portions of it are from the former Craig residence, built in 1864 and burned in 1879.
In 1882 it became the ranch of Benjamin F. Butler, "a prominent military figure and attorney from the east."
Other elements of the complex are: an agent's stone house, a stone outbuilding, a barn, and a cow shed.
It is located 26 miles southeast of Pueblo on the Huerfano River, in the plain just after the river comes out of its canyon, in the vicinity of Avondale.
In 2021, the Pueblo County Assessor identifies the owner of 6916 Broadacre as "Bar Nothing Ranches LLC", which had acquired title in 1997 from the Paul Butler Trust. The property has total land area, though only is NRHP-listed.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pueblo County, Colorado
References
Ranches in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Pueblo County, Colorado
Houses completed in 1880
Alexander Robertson (December 1860 – 1927) was a Scottish footballer who played in the English Football League for Preston North End.
Having earlier played in Edinburgh for St Bernard's, also making several appearances for the regional representative team, Robertson made his League and Preston North End debut on 8 September 1888 at wing–half against Burnley at Deepdale; Preston won 5–2. Sandy Robertson's first League goal was scored on 29 September 1888 at County Ground, in a 3–2 win for Preston North End over Derby County; he scored Preston's opener when they were trailing 2–1. Robertson appeared in 21 of Preston' 22 League Championship matches and scored three goals, and won a Championship winners medal. He only played one FA Cup tie in 1888–89, in the First Round.
The following season Robertson could not hold down a regular place in the side. North End retained the title and felt they could manage without the Scotsman so he was released. He played eight games (seven Leagues and one FA Cup) in his last season. He moved to Royal Arsenal in 1890 and played for the club until he left in 1892.
Robertson died in 1927 aged 66/67.
References
Scottish footballers
Preston North End F.C. players
English Football League players
1860 births
1927 deaths
Footballers from Edinburgh
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
Association football midfielders
St Bernard's F.C. players
Arsenal F.C. players
Pierre Coustant (born at Compiègne, France, 30 April 1654; died at the Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés, near Paris, 18 October 1721) was a French Benedictine scholar, of the Congregation of Saint-Maur.
Early life
After receiving his classical education in the Jesuit College at Compiègne, he entered the Benedictine monastery of Saint-Rémi at Reims as novice at the age of seventeen, and took vows on 12 August 1672. He made his philosophical and theological studies partly at Saint-Rémi, partly at the monastery of Saint-Médard in Soissons, where he was sent to study philosophy under François Lamy.
Augustine edition
In 1681 his superiors sent him to the Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés to assist his confrère Thomas Blampin in editing the works of Augustine of Hippo. Coustant's chief contribution to this publication consisted in the separating of the spurious from the genuine writings. He also aided his fellow Benedictines Edmond Martène and Robert Morel in making the indexes for the fourth volume containing the commentaries on the Psalms. In an appendix to the fifth volume he collected all the spurious homilies and traced them to their true sources.
Hilary of Poitiers
His work did not remain unnoticed by the Abbot General of the Maurist congregation. When Mabillon suggested a new edition of the works of Hilary of Poitiers, it was Coustant whom the abbot general selected. Before this time, there was only one defective and uncritical edition of Poitiers' work, published by Erasmus (Basle, 1523). The subsequent editions of Miraeus (Paris 1544), Lipsius (Basle, 1550), Simon Grynaeus (Basle, 1570), Gillotius (Paris 1572), and the one issued by the Paris Typographical Society in 1605 were little more than reprints of the Erasmian text. After making himself conversant with St. Hilary's terminology and train of thought, Coustant compared manuscripts with a view to restoring the original text. In a general preface, he proved the Catholicity of Hilary's doctrine concerning the birth of Christ from the Virgin Mary, the Holy Eucharist, Grace, the Last Judgment, the Holy Trinity, and other Catholic dogmas. The preface is followed by two biographical sketches of the saint, the former of which was composed by Coustant himself from the writings of Hilary, while the latter is a reproduction of the life written by Fortunatus of Poitiers. Each treatise is preceded by a special preface stating its occasion and purpose, and the time when it was written. Difficult and obscure passages are explained in footnotes.
This edition of St. Hilary is a model work of its kind, one of the most esteemed literary productions of the Maurist Congregation. It was published in one folio volume at Paris in 1693 and bears the title: St. Hilary, Bishop of Poitiers, complete extant works, sought after by nearly every man-of-letters in the world, now, not with a moderate effort and some a censure and disturbance from the state, is now restored to its true and pious meaning: Finally amended by a comparison of the original books, explained by a variety of readings, enriched by the accession of various treatises. Corresponding Index with copious illustrations. The work was published with a few additions by Scipio Maffei (Verona, 1730) and by Migne, Patrologia Latina, IX and X.
Prior
He was appointed prior of the monastery of Nogent-sous-Coucy. After three years he was, upon his own urgent request, relieved from the priorate and returned to Saint-Germain-des-Prés.
For some time he worked on the new edition of the Maurist Breviary; then he assisted his confrère Claude Guesnié in making the elaborate general index in the works of St. Augustine.
Papal letters
Immediately upon the publication of Augustine's works in 1700, Coustant was entrusted by his superiors with the editing of a complete collection of the letters of the popes from Clement I to Innocent III (c. 88-1216). Very little had been done in this direction before.
There were, indeed, the papal decretals from Clement I to Gregory VII, collected by Cardinal Antonio Carafa and published by Antonio d'Aquino in 1591, but they were incomplete and their chronological order was frequently incorrect. There were also the Annales Ecclesiastici of Baronius and the Concilia antiqua Galliae of the Jacques Sirmond and other works containing scattered letters of the popes; but no one had attempted to make a complete collection of papal letters, much less to sift the spurious from the authentic, to restore the original texts and to order the letters chronologically.
After devoting more than twenty years to this undertaking, Coustant was able to publish the first volume in 1721. It contains the letters from the year 67 to the year 440, and is entitled Epistolae Romanorum Pontificum et quae ad eos scriptae sunt a S. Clemente I usque ad Innocentium III, quotquot reperiri potuerunt..."(Paris 1721). In the extensive preface perhaps of 150 pages Coustant explains the origin, meaning and extent of the papal primacy and critically examines the existing collections of canons and papal letters.
The letters of each pope are preceded by a historical introduction and furnished with copious notes, while the spurious letters are collected in the appendix. Coustant had gathered a large amount of material for succeeding volumes, but he died the same year in which the first volume was published.
Simon Mopinot, who had assisted Coustant in the preparation of the first volume, was entrusted with the continuation of the work, but he also died (11 October 1724) before another volume was ready for publication. About twelve years later, Ursin Durand undertook to continue the work; in his case the Jansenist controversy in which he became involved prevented the publication of the material he had prepared.
Finally the French Revolution and the dissolution of the Maurist Congregation gave the death-blow to the great undertaking. A new edition of Coustant's volume was brought out by (Göttingen, 1796); a continuation, based chiefly on Coustant's manuscripts and containing the papal letters from 461-521, was published by Thiel (Braunsberg, 1867). There are extant in the Bibliothèque Nationale at Paris fourteen large folio volumes containing the material gathered by Coustant and his Benedictine continuators.
Coustant also took part in the controversy occasioned by Mabillon's De Re Diplomatica between the Jesuit Barthélémy Germon (1663-1718) and the Maurist Benedictines. In two treatises he defends himself and his confrères against Germon who disputed the genuineness of some sources used in the Benedictine edition of the works of St. Hilary and St. Augustine.
References
Tassin, Histoire Littéraire de la congrégation de Saint-Maur (Brussels, 1770), 417 sqq.
Bernhard Pez, Bibliotheca Benedictino-Mauriana (Augsburg, 1716, 345 sqq.
Le Cerf, Bibliothèque historique et critique des auteurs de la congregation de Saint-Maur (The Hague, 1726) 62 sqq.
Mopinot in Journal des savants (Paris, January, 1722)
Herbst in Theologische Quartalschrift (Tübingen, 1833) 438 sqq.
Sdralek, ibid.(1880) 222 sqq.
Kerker in Kirchenlexikon, s. v.
Kukula in Wiener Sitzungs-berichte (1890, 1893, 1898)
Valenti, Los Benedictinos de S. Mauro (Palma, Majorca, 1899), 199
Hugo von Hurter, Nomenclator, II, 1103 sqq.
External links
1684 births
1721 deaths
French Benedictines
French scholars
Darius Vâlcov (born 25 March 1977) is a Romanian politician who served as Minister of Finance, Mayor of Slatina and Senator.
Education
Vâlcov has obtained in 2008 a PhD degree from the Bucharest Academy of Economic Studies, but was accused to have plagiarised over half of his PhD thesis. He countered accusing the Romanian Intelligence Service (SRI) of making up the accusations.
Political activity
He was elected Mayor of Slatina twice (in 2004 and 2008) on the behalf of the Democratic-Liberal Party. In 2012, he resigned from the party and joined the Social Democratic Party (PSD), being elected a Senator.
Between August and December 2014 he was the Budget Minister in the Third Ponta Cabinet, while from December 2014 to March 2015, he was the Minister of Finance in the Fourth Ponta Cabinet.
In June 2019 he resigned as economic advisor to the Prime Minister, in the wake of the imprisonment for corruption of his PSD political mentor, Liviu Dragnea.
Legal problems
Vâlcov resigned on 15 March 2015 following the corruption investigation of the National Anticorruption Directorate.
He was convicted to an 8-year prison sentence in 2018, pending appeal. The sentence included 4 years for influence peddling, 6 years for money laundering, 2 years for financial operations incompatible with public office. The prison sentences were combined into one. Additionally, Vâlcov was fined 6.200.000 Lei.
Personal life
Darius Vâlcov was married to fellow politician Lavinia Șandru until 2016.
References
1977 births
Democratic Liberal Party (Romania) politicians
Living people
Mayors of places in Romania
Members of the Senate of Romania
People from Slatina, Romania
Romanian Ministers of Finance
Social Democratic Party (Romania) politicians
Romanian politicians convicted of crimes
Azadirachtin, a chemical compound belonging to the limonoid group, is a secondary metabolite present in neem seeds. It is a highly oxidized tetranortriterpenoid which boasts a plethora of oxygen-bearing functional groups, including an enol ether, acetal, hemiacetal, tetra-substituted epoxide and a variety of carboxylic esters.
Chemical synthesis
Azadirachtin has a complex molecular structure; it presents both secondary and tertiary hydroxyl groups and a tetrahydrofuran ether in its molecular structure, alongside 16 stereogenic centres, 7 of which are tetrasubstituted. These characteristics explain the great difficulty encountered when trying to prepare this compound from simple precursors, using methods of synthetic organic chemistry.
Hence, the first total synthesis was published over 22 years after the compound's discovery: this first synthesis was completed by the research group of Steven Ley at the University of Cambridge in 2007. The described synthesis was a relay approach, with the required, heavily functionalized decalin intermediate being made by total synthesis on a small scale, but being derived from the natural product itself for the gram-scale operations required to complete the synthesis.
Occurrence and use
Initially found to be active as a feeding inhibitor towards the desert locust (Schistocerca gregaria), it is now known to affect over 200 species of insects, by acting mainly as an antifeedant and growth disruptor. It was recently found that azadirachtin possesses considerable toxicity towards African cotton leafworm (Spodoptera littoralis), which are resistant to a commonly used biological pesticide, Bacillus thuringiensis. Azadirachtin fulfills many of the criteria needed for a good insecticide. Azadirachtin is biodegradable (it degrades within 100 hours when exposed to light and water) and shows very low toxicity to mammals (the in rats is > 3,540 mg/kg making it practically non-toxic).
This compound is found in the seeds (0.2 to 0.8 percent by weight) of the neem tree, Azadirachta indica (hence the prefix aza does not imply an aza compound, but refers to the scientific species name). Many more compounds, related to azadirachtin, are present in the seeds as well as in the leaves and the bark of the neem tree which also show strong biological activities among various pest insects Effects of these preparations on beneficial arthropods are generally considered to be minimal . Some laboratory and field studies have found neem extracts to be compatible with biological control. Because pure neem oil contains other insecticidal and fungicidal compounds in addition to azadirachtin, it is generally mixed at a rate of of water when used as a pesticide.
Azadirachtin is the active ingredient in many pesticides including TreeAzin, AzaMax, BioNEEM, AzaGuard, and AzaSol, Terramera Proof and Terramera Cirkil.
Azadirachtin has a synergistic effect with the biocontrol agent Beauveria.
Nimbecidine is a natural product insecticide mix which is mostly azadirachtin, with some other limonoids.
Mechanism of action
Azadirachtin interferes with a wide variety of insect pathways.
The substance acts as a insect growth regulator. It antagonizes both ecdysteroid (mainly 20E) and juvenile hormone activities by reducing secretion of prothoracicotropic hormone (PTTH) and allatotropins from the corpus cardiacum complex. This neuroendocrine disruption reduces pupation. It also causes degeneration of other neuroendocrine glands.
The substance disrupts reproductive functions, going as far as sterility in some insects. This is partially due to the aforementioned neuroendocrine disruption surrounding 20E and JH. It could also affect yolk protein and vitallogenin synthesis. It also reduces mating success by deterrence.
The substance also deters feeding, making it an antifeedant. It disrupts the sense of smell to the point that some insects would rather starve than eat azadirachtin-laced food. If the insect ingests the compound, the substance further inhibits digestive enzymes and could leave an aversive taste memory by activating dopaminergic neurons.
Azadirachtin additionally has a long list of cellular and molecular targets. It upregulates p53, disrupts protein synthesis possibly through binding to Hsp60, and changes the expression of many other pathways.
Biosynthesis
Azadirachtin is formed via an elaborate biosynthetic pathway, but is believed that the steroid tirucallol is the precursor to the neem triterpenoid secondary metabolites. Tirucallol is formed from two units of farnesyl diphosphate (FPP) to form a C30 triterpene, but then loses three methyl groups to become a C27 steroid. Tirucallol undergoes an allylic isomerization to form butyrospermol, which is then oxidized. The oxidized butyrospermol subsequently rearranges via a Wagner-Meerwein 1,2-methyl shift to form apotirucallol.
Apotirucallol becomes a tetranortriterpenoid when the four terminal carbons from the side chain are cleaved off. The remaining carbons on the side chain cyclize to form a furan ring and the molecule is oxidized further to form azadirone and azadiradione. The third ring is then opened and oxidized to form the C-seco-limonoids such as nimbin, nimbidinin and salannin, which has been esterified with a molecule of tiglic acid, which is derived from L-isoleucine. It is currently proposed that the target molecule is arrived at by biosynthetically converting azadirone into salanin, which is then heavily oxidized and cyclized to reach azadirachtin.
See also
Arid Forest Research Institute (AFRI)
Neem
Neem cake
Neem oil
Nimbin, another chemical isolated from Azadirachta indica also thought to contribute to the biological activity of neem
References
External links
PDF Copy
Extoxnet
Neem: The wonder tree
Plant toxin insecticides
Terpenes and terpenoids
Acetate esters
Epoxides
Polyols
Carboxylate esters
Methyl esters
Alkene derivatives
Oxygen heterocycles
Enones
Boa is a Croatian pop rock music group, which was especially prominent during the 1980s around the former SFR Yugoslavia.
History
The band's early history started in Zagreb, then SR Croatia in 1974, when its founding members Mladen Puljiz and Slavko Remenarić, switched their interest from classical music to rock music, inspired by art rock acts such as Yes, King Crimson, Genesis, David Bowie, Roxy Music and Peter Gabriel.
The group started its concert activity in 1979 with a line-up consisted of: Mladen Puljiz (keyboards, vocals), Slavko Remenarić (guitar), Igor Šoštarić (drums) and Damir Košpić (bass guitar). The band moved towards the then actual New Romantic sound and fashion and after the release of their debut album for Suzy in 1982, they were voted by the readers of the prominent Yugoslav musical magazine Džuboks as the best upcoming act of the year.
Their next album Ritam strasti (Rhythm of passion) followed by around a hundred concerts around former Yugoslavia brought them even higher popularity. Despite the fact that their next album Govor tijela (Body language) included some successful hits, the band fell into creative crisis and thus the group halted its activities until 1989 when the group got a new rhythm section consisted of the drummer Paolo Sfeci (former member of Aerodrom and Parni valjak) and the bass player Zvonimir Bučević (prominent session musician).
In 1990 the band released the album Prvi val (First Wave), and performed as a support act of David Bowie's concert at Maksimir stadium in Zagreb in front of over 50,000 people. Two years after, they released the compilation album 81-92 featuring live performances and studio recordings with new arrangements. The CD also included the song Zemlja, which was recorded in 1991 for the Rock za Hrvatsku (Rock for Croatia) music project tributed to the Croatian War of Independence. In 1993, a new member of the group is the keyboard player Gojko Tomljanović. In the next year they release the CD Kraj djetinjstva (End of Childhood) featuring guest appearances by prominent artists such as: Josipa Lisac, Dino Dvornik and Vanna. The feature song "Kao mir" (Like peace), a duet with Josipa Lisac was nominated in two categories for the prestigious Croatian music award Porin.
In 2002 Croatia Records released the integral versions of the two first albums on Audio CD, which was awarded with Porin in the Re-release of the year category. Following this success, the band also released a compilation featuring songs from their third and fourth album in 2004 under the title Kao nekad (Like in the old days). All of the songs were remastered and in some of them the authors modified the arrangements. The CD also contains bonus tracks such as "Boa Constrictor", an experimental instrumental, which includes sound effect that Puljiz i Remenarić recorded back in 1974 on their old Grundig 2-track open-reel tape recorder.
The group is still active.
Discography
LP Boa (Suzy, 1982)
LP Ritam strasti (Suzy, 1982)
LP Govor tijela (Suzy, 1983)
LP Prvi val (Suzy 1990.)
CD 81-92 (Orfej/DEA Music, 1992)
CD Kraj djetinjstva (Orfej 1994)
CD Boa/Ritam strasti (Suzy/Croatia Records, 2002)
CD Kao nekad (Suzy/Hit Records, 2004)
CD Dnevnik putovanja, skice ostanka (Dancing Bear, 2006)
References
Janjatović, Petar. Ilustrovana Enciklopedija Yu Rocka 1960-1997, page: 34, publisher: Geopoetika, 1997
Musical groups established in 1979
Croatian pop music groups
Yugoslav rock music groups
Croatian post-punk music groups
Mills County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,484. The county seat is Glenwood. The county was formed in 1851 and named for Major Frederick Mills of Burlington, Iowa who was killed at the Battle of Churubusco during the Mexican–American War.
Mills County is included in the Omaha–Council Bluffs, NE–IA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The future county's first permanent settlement was Rushville, founded in 1846 by persecuted members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as they were being driven out of Nauvoo, Illinois. This is not to be confused with the state's present-day Rushville in Jasper County. A nearby settlement, also founded by the Mormon settlers, was called Coonsville after Dr. Liberius Coons, one of the first arrivals. That settlement continued after the Mormons moved on; its name was changed to Glenwood in 1853.
In Glenwood, the first courthouse was a small frame building which served until 1857. It was replaced by a two-story building, which was enlarged in the 1900s and received a clock tower in 1910. In 1959 this building was replaced with the present building, dedicated on August 29, 1959.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 29
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 59
U.S. Highway 275
Adjacent counties
Pottawattamie County (north)
Montgomery County (east)
Fremont County (south)
Cass County, Nebraska (southwest)
Sarpy County, Nebraska (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 14,484 in the county, with a population density of . 95.16% of the population reported being of one race. 90.05% were non-Hispanic White, 0.53% were Black, 3.18% were Hispanic, 0.21% were Native American, 0.33% were Asian, 0.07% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 5.63% were some other race or more than one race. There were 6,110 housing units, of which 5,512 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 15,059 in the county, with a population density of . There were 6,109 housing units, of which 5,605 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 14,547 people, 5,324 households, and 3,939 families residing in the county. The population density was 33 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 5,671 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.97% White, 0.28% Black or African American, 0.27% Native American, 0.29% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.36% from other races, and 0.82% from two or more races. 1.23% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,324 households, out of which 34.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.70% were married couples living together, 8.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.00% were non-families. 22.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.80% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 28.10% from 25 to 44, 25.50% from 45 to 64, and 12.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 100.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,428, and the median income for a family was $49,592. Males had a median income of $31,721 versus $24,938 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,736. About 5.80% of families and 8.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.30% of those under age 18 and 7.60% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Emerson
Glenwood
Hastings
Henderson
Malvern
Pacific Junction
Silver City
Tabor (partial)
Unincorporated communities
Rushville
Census-designated place
Mineola
Townships
Anderson
Center
Deer Creek
Glenwood
Indian Creek
Ingraham
Lyons
Oak
Plattville
Rawles
St. Marys
Silver Creek
White Cloud
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Mills County.
† county seat
Law enforcement
The current Sheriff of Mills County is Eugene Goos. He and his 11 full-time deputies patrol approximately 447 square miles in the county. The Mills County Sheriff's Office provides police services under contract for all of the towns and cities and Mills County except for the City of Glenwood which has its own police department.
The first Mills County Sheriff was W.W. Noyes who was appointed by the Iowa General Assembly on August 1, 1851. He was succeeded by James Hardy who served as the first elected sheriff of the county and assumed the office on August 31, 1851.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mills County, Iowa
References
External links
Official Mills County Government website
Mills County Conservation Board website
Mills County Public Health website
Official Twitter Page
1851 establishments in Iowa
Iowa counties on the Missouri River
Populated places established in 1851
The New Britain friarbird (Philemon cockerelli) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
New Britain friarbird
Birds of New Britain
New Britain friarbird
New Britain friarbird]
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The NASA Early Career Achievement Medal (ECAM) is awarded to any Government employee for unusual and significant performance during the first 10 years of an individual's early career (i.e., entry-level professional in a scientific, engineering, administrative professional or technical position) in support of the Agency.
Performance is characterized by unusual initiative or a creative achievement that clearly demonstrates a significant contribution in the individual's discipline area that directly contributes to NASA's mission and goals. The contribution is significant, in that, for an employee who is at such an early phase of career, the contribution has substantially improved the discipline area.
These criteria also include the following:
The achievement yields high-quality results and/or substantial improvements to the discipline.
Impact of the employee's achievement has significant importance relative to the discipline area.
The achievement is perceived as outstanding or significant by peers and/or impacted target groups.
Precedence
Selected recipients by year
There are usually more than 5 recipients of this medal annually.
Eliad Peretz, Goddard Space Flight Center, 2021.
References
Awards and decorations of NASA
This article compares Unicode encodings. Two situations are considered: 8-bit-clean environments (which can be assumed), and environments that forbid use of byte values that have the high bit set. Originally such prohibitions were to allow for links that used only seven data bits, but they remain in some standards and so some standard-conforming software must generate messages that comply with the restrictions. Standard Compression Scheme for Unicode and Binary Ordered Compression for Unicode are excluded from the comparison tables because it is difficult to simply quantify their size.
Compatibility issues
A UTF-8 file that contains only ASCII characters is identical to an ASCII file. Legacy programs can generally handle UTF-8 encoded files, even if they contain non-ASCII characters. For instance, the C printf function can print a UTF-8 string, as it only looks for the ASCII '%' character to define a formatting string, and prints all other bytes unchanged, thus non-ASCII characters will be output unchanged.
UTF-16 and UTF-32 are incompatible with ASCII files, and thus require Unicode-aware programs to display, print and manipulate them, even if the file is known to contain only characters in the ASCII subset. Because they contain many zero bytes, the strings cannot be manipulated by normal null-terminated string handling for even simple operations such as copy.
Therefore, even on most UTF-16 systems such as Windows and Java, UTF-16 text files are not common; older 8-bit encodings such as ASCII or ISO-8859-1 are still used, forgoing Unicode support; or UTF-8 is used for Unicode. One rare counter-example is the "strings" file used by Mac OS X (10.3 and later) applications for lookup of internationalized versions of messages which defaults to UTF-16, with "files encoded using UTF-8 ... not guaranteed to work."
XML is, by default, encoded as UTF-8, and all XML processors must at least support UTF-8 (including US-ASCII by definition) and UTF-16.
Efficiency
UTF-8 requires 8, 16, 24 or 32 bits (one to four bytes) to encode a Unicode character, UTF-16 requires either 16 or 32 bits to encode a character, and UTF-32 always requires 32 bits to encode a character. The first 128 Unicode code points, U+0000 to U+007F, used for the C0 Controls and Basic Latin characters and which correspond one-to-one to their ASCII-code equivalents, are encoded using 8 bits in UTF-8, 16 bits in UTF-16, and 32 bits in UTF-32.
The next 1,920 characters, U+0080 to U+07FF (encompassing the remainder of almost all Latin-script alphabets, and also Greek, Cyrillic, Coptic, Armenian, Hebrew, Arabic, Syriac, Tāna and N'Ko), require 16 bits to encode in both UTF-8 and UTF-16, and 32 bits in UTF-32. For U+0800 to U+FFFF, i.e. the remainder of the characters in the Basic Multilingual Plane (BMP, plane 0, U+0000 to U+FFFF), which encompasses the rest of the characters of most of the world's living languages, UTF-8 needs 24 bits to encode a character, while UTF-16 needs 16 bits and UTF-32 needs 32. Code points U+010000 to U+10FFFF, which represent characters in the supplementary planes (planes 1–16), require 32 bits in UTF-8, UTF-16 and UTF-32.
All printable characters in UTF-EBCDIC use at least as many bytes as in UTF-8, and most use more, due to a decision made to allow encoding the C1 control codes as single bytes. For seven-bit environments, UTF-7 is more space efficient than the combination of other Unicode encodings with quoted-printable or base64 for almost all types of text (see "Seven-bit environments" below).
Storage utilization
Each format has its own set of advantages and disadvantages with respect to storage efficiency (and thus also of transmission time) and processing efficiency. Storage efficiency is subject to the location within the Unicode code space in which any given text's characters are predominantly from. Since Unicode code space blocks are organized by character set (i.e. alphabet/script), storage efficiency of any given text effectively depends on the alphabet/script used for that text. So, for example, UTF-8 needs one less byte per character (8 versus 16 bits) than UTF-16 for the 128 code points between U+0000 and U+007F, but needs one more byte per character (24 versus 16 bits) for the 63,488 code points between U+0800 and U+FFFF. Therefore, if there are more characters in the range U+0000 to U+007F than there are in the range U+0800 to U+FFFF then UTF-8 is more efficient, while if there are fewer, then UTF-16 is more efficient. If the counts are equal then they are exactly the same size. A surprising result is that real-world documents written in languages that use characters only in the high range are still often shorter in UTF-8, due to the extensive use of spaces, digits, punctuation, newlines, html markup, and embedded words and acronyms written with Latin letters.
Processing time
As far as processing time is concerned, text with variable-length encoding such as UTF-8 or UTF-16 is harder to process if there is a need to find the individual code units, as opposed to working with sequences of code units. Searching is unaffected by whether the characters are variable sized, since a search for a sequence of code units does not care about the divisions (it does require that the encoding be self-synchronizing, which both UTF-8 and UTF-16 are). A common misconception is that there is a need to "find the nth character" and that this requires a fixed-length encoding; however, in real use the number n is only derived from examining the characters, thus sequential access is needed anyway. UTF-16BE and UTF-32BE are big-endian, UTF-16LE and UTF-32LE are little-endian. When character sequences in one endian order are loaded onto a machine with a different endian order, the characters need to be converted before they can be processed efficiently, unless data is processed with a byte granularity (as required for UTF-8). Accordingly, the issue at hand is more pertinent to the protocol and communication than to a computational difficulty.
Processing issues
For processing, a format should be easy to search, truncate, and generally process safely. All normal Unicode encodings use some form of fixed size code unit. Depending on the format and the code point to be encoded, one or more of these code units will represent a Unicode code point. To allow easy searching and truncation, a sequence must not occur within a longer sequence or across the boundary of two other sequences. UTF-8, UTF-16, UTF-32 and UTF-EBCDIC have these important properties but UTF-7 and GB 18030 do not.
Fixed-size characters can be helpful, but even if there is a fixed byte count per code point (as in UTF-32), there is not a fixed byte count per displayed character due to combining characters. Considering these incompatibilities and other quirks among different encoding schemes, handling unicode data with the same (or compatible) protocol throughout and across the interfaces (e.g. using an API/library, handling unicode characters in client/server model, etc.) can in general simplify the whole pipeline while eliminating a potential source of bugs at the same time.
UTF-16 is popular because many APIs date to the time when Unicode was 16-bit fixed width (referred as UCS-2). However, using UTF-16 makes characters outside the Basic Multilingual Plane a special case which increases the risk of oversights related to their handling. That said, programs that mishandle surrogate pairs probably also have problems with combining sequences, so using UTF-32 is unlikely to solve the more general problem of poor handling of multi-code-unit characters.
If any stored data is in UTF-8 (such as file contents or names), it is very difficult to write a system that uses UTF-16 or UTF-32 as an API. This is due to the oft-overlooked fact that the byte array used by UTF-8 can physically contain invalid sequences. For instance, it is impossible to fix an invalid UTF-8 filename using a UTF-16 API, as no possible UTF-16 string will translate to that invalid filename. The opposite is not true: it is trivial to translate invalid UTF-16 to a unique (though technically invalid) UTF-8 string, so a UTF-8 API can control both UTF-8 and UTF-16 files and names, making UTF-8 preferred in any such mixed environment. An unfortunate but far more common workaround used by UTF-16 systems is to interpret the UTF-8 as some other encoding such as CP-1252 and ignore the mojibake for any non-ASCII data.
For communication and storage
UTF-16 and UTF-32 do not have endianness defined, so a byte order must be selected when receiving them over a byte-oriented network or reading them from a byte-oriented storage. This may be achieved by using a byte-order mark at the start of the text or assuming big-endian (RFC 2781). UTF-8, UTF-16BE, UTF-32BE, UTF-16LE and UTF-32LE are standardised on a single byte order and do not have this problem.
If the byte stream is subject to corruption then some encodings recover better than others. UTF-8 and UTF-EBCDIC are best in this regard as they can always resynchronize after a corrupt or missing byte at the start of the next code point; GB 18030 is unable to recover until the next ASCII non-number. UTF-16 can handle altered bytes, but not an odd number of missing bytes, which will garble all the following text (though it will produce uncommon and/or unassigned characters). If bits can be lost all of them will garble the following text, though UTF-8 can be resynchronized as incorrect byte boundaries will produce invalid UTF-8 in almost all text longer than a few bytes.
In detail
The tables below list the number of bytes per code point for different Unicode ranges. Any additional comments needed are included in the table. The figures assume that overheads at the start and end of the block of text are negligible.
N.B. The tables below list numbers of bytes per code point, not per user visible "character" (or "grapheme cluster"). It can take multiple code points to describe a single grapheme cluster, so even in UTF-32, care must be taken when splitting or concatenating strings.
Eight-bit environments
Seven-bit environments
This table may not cover every special case and so should be used for estimation and comparison only. To accurately determine the size of text in an encoding, see the actual specifications.
Endianness does not affect sizes (UTF-16BE and UTF-32BE have the same size as UTF-16LE and UTF-32LE, respectively).
The use of UTF-32 under quoted-printable is highly impractical, but if implemented, will result in 8–12 bytes per code point (about 10 bytes in average), namely for BMP, each code point will occupy exactly 6 bytes more than the same code in quoted-printable/UTF-16. Base64/UTF-32 gets bytes for any code point.
An ASCII control character under quoted-printable or UTF-7 may be represented either directly or encoded (escaped). The need to escape a given control character depends on many circumstances, but newlines in text data are usually coded directly.
Compression schemes
BOCU-1 and SCSU are two ways to compress Unicode data. Their encoding relies on how frequently the text is used. Most runs of text use the same script; for example, Latin, Cyrillic, Greek and so on. This normal use allows many runs of text to compress down to about 1 byte per code point. These stateful encodings make it more difficult to randomly access text at any position of a string.
These two compression schemes are not as efficient as other compression schemes, like zip or bzip2. Those general-purpose compression schemes can compress longer runs of bytes to just a few bytes. The SCSU and BOCU-1 compression schemes will not compress more than the theoretical 25% of text encoded as UTF-8, UTF-16 or UTF-32. Other general-purpose compression schemes can easily compress to 10% of original text size. The general purpose schemes require more complicated algorithms and longer chunks of text for a good compression ratio.
Unicode Technical Note #14 contains a more detailed comparison of compression schemes.
Historical: UTF-5 and UTF-6
Proposals have been made for a UTF-5 and UTF-6 for the internationalization of domain names (IDN). The UTF-5 proposal used a base 32 encoding, where Punycode is (among other things, and not exactly) a base 36 encoding. The name UTF-5 for a code unit of 5 bits is explained by the equation 25 = 32. The UTF-6 proposal added a running length encoding to UTF-5, here 6 simply stands for UTF-5 plus 1.
The IETF IDN WG later adopted the more efficient Punycode for this purpose.
Not being seriously pursued
UTF-1 never gained serious acceptance. UTF-8 is much more frequently used.
The nonet encodings UTF-9 and UTF-18 were April Fools' Day RFC joke specifications, although UTF-9 is a functioning nonet Unicode transformation format, and UTF-18 is a functioning nonet encoding for all non-Private-Use code points in Unicode 12 and below, although not for Supplementary Private Use Areas or potions of Unicode 13 and later.
Notes
References
Unicode
Vitan Sud Beej (Gujarati: વિતાન સુદ બીજ) is an anthology of poems written by Ramesh Parekh in the Gujarati language. The book won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati in 1994.
History
The book was published in 1989 by Gujarat Sahitya Akademi. Later, the poems in this book were included in Chha Aksharnu Naam ("Name of Six Alphabet"), the complete works of Ramesh Parekh, published by Gujarat Sahitya Akademi.
Content
The book consists of 59 ghazals; 6 ; 24 free verse and 99 geet poems, composed in a colloquial language. It includes the poem "Ek Sanyukta Geet", which was composed in collaboration with Anil Joshi, the Gujarati author, on 6 October 1985.
Awards
The book was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award of 1994 from the Sahitya Akademi, New Delhi. It also received the Rajkumar Bhuvalka Award from Bharatiya Bhasha Parishad, Calcutta.
References
Gujarati-language poetry collections
1989 poems
Indian poetry collections
1989 books
Sahitya Akademi Award-winning works
Brzeziny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
William Christmas (24 September 1734 – 26 January 1803) was an Irish politician. He sat in the Irish House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Kilmallock from 1776 to 1783.
References
1734 births
1803 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Limerick constituencies
Irish MPs 1776–1783
The first season of Queer as Folk, an American and Canadian television series, consisted of twenty-two episodes and premiered on Showtime on December 3, 2000, in the United States and on Showcase on January 22, 2001, in Canada.
Cast
Main cast
Gale Harold as Brian Kinney
Randy Harrison as Justin Taylor
Hal Sparks as Michael Novotny
Peter Paige as Emmett Honeycutt
Scott Lowell as Ted Schmidt
Thea Gill as Lindsay Peterson
Michelle Clunie as Melanie Marcus
Sharon Gless as Debbie Novotny
Jack Wetherall as Vic Grassi
Supporting cast
Chris Potter as Dr. David Cameron
Sherry Miller as Jennifer Taylor
Makyla Smith as Daphne Chanders
Dean Armstrong as Blake Wyzecki
Lindsey Connell as Tracey
Stephanie Moore as Cynthia
Episodes
In the United States, the first episode aired #1 and #2 back-to-back. In Canada, the first episode consisted of #1-#3.
References
2000 American television seasons
2000 Canadian television seasons
2001 American television seasons
2001 Canadian television seasons
Queer as Folk
Yashira Yuleth Barrientos González (born 29 November 1994) is a Mexican football forward who currently plays for Guadalajara in the Liga MX Femenil.
Career
Yashira Barrientos was born on 29 November 1994 in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas.
She played football since school and she was offered a scholarship to play and study at the Autonomous University of Nuevo León. During this time, she was part of the squad that represented Mexico at the 2019 Summer Universiade football tournament in Naples.
On 12 July 2019, Barrientos was signed to Guadalajara and she finished the 2019–20 season as the team's top scorer with nine goals.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Mexican women's footballers
Footballers from Tamaulipas
Liga MX Femenil players
C.D. Guadalajara (women) footballers
Sportspeople from Nuevo Laredo
Competitors at the 2019 Summer Universiade
Women's association football forwards
Kuala Kedah is a federal constituency in Kota Setar District , Kedah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1959.
The federal constituency was created in the 1958 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Kuala Kedah constituency is divided into 52 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Kedah federal constituencies
Vibeke von Sperling (26 January 1945 – 13 May 2017) was an Danish newspaper and broadcast journalist. She began working as a teaching assistant teaching about the Central and Eastern Europe as well as the Soviet Union at Aarhus University and Roskilde University before joining the staff at Dagbladet Information newspaper in 1978, where she would become its editor-in-chief in 1983. Sperling began working for DR Radio in 1987 until she joined the newspaper Politiken and became the first female foreign affairs editor at a Danish national newspaper while there in 2000 before becoming a foreign employee and commentator at the publication in 2003. She was the author of ten books on Eastern European politics, Russia and Yugoslavia.
Biography
On 26 January 1945, Sperling was born Vibeke von Sperling in Aalborg. She was the daughter of the German brewmaster Kurt Ditlev von S., who had a conservative background, and the telegraph operator and waitress Grethe Lund Pedersen, who originated from a social democratic environment. Sperling's parents divorced when she was five years old, and she and her siblings lived with her mother in Skive. She was raised with the perception that "the notion that it was women who could and that men were weak." Sperling left Italy and studied classical literature at Viborg Katedralskole for a year in 1963 then relocated to Rome, where she worked as an au pair and learnt to speak Italian. She studied classical archaeology at Aarhus University starting from 1964 and became interested in other cultures travelling to Eastern and Central Europe, becoming a tour guide for Danish tourist groups visiting Yugoslavia in the late 1960s and the early 1970s. Sperling did not complete her education at university and was international secretary of the Student Council during 1968.
She joined the Left Socialists political party in 1967 and was elected to its primary board at its first congress and was a frequent representative of the party in European meetings. Sperling opposed the assession of Denmark to the European Community in 1973 due to her belief it was causing division in Europe. From 1974 to 1978, Sperling worked as a teaching assistant teaching about the Central and Eastern Europe as well as the Soviet Union at Aarhus University and Roskilde University. The Dagbladet Information newspaper employed Sperling to join its staff in 1978, working as a correspondent in Moscow from 1981 to 1982 in which she criticised and analysed Soviet society in-depth. She became the newspaper's editor-in-chief with Torben Krogh in 1983 and left the publication in 1987. From 1987 to 1993, Sperling worked on the programme P1 Orientering on Danmarks Radio (DR) in the Soviet Union and later in Eastern Europe and Russia. She went on to become DR Radio's Moscow correspondent for the programmes Radioavisen and Orientering between 1993 and 1997. Sperling was subsequently made editor of DR2's foreign policy magazine progamme Udefra in 1997 and 1998.
She was appointed foreign editor at the newspaper Politiken in 1998, becoming the first female to hold that job at a major large nationwide newspaper in Denmark. Sperling left the job in 2000. She was made a foreign employee and commentator at Politiken in 2003 and became a board member of The Danish Foreign Policy Society in 2010. Sperling was the author of a total of ten books that had subjects such as Russia and followed the development of that nation, as well as Yugoslavia and politics in Eastern Europe. She wrote Sovjetimperiet i opløsning in 1991, Jugoslavien i stykker the following year, and Russernes drømm in mid-2015 in which she discusses the lack of understanding of Russia and the Russian people by the Western world.
Personal life
Sperling was twice married and had three children. On 13 May 2017, she died of cancer in Copenhagen.
Analysis and awards
According to Inge-Lise Paulsen & Vibeke Nissen in Sperling's entry in Dansk kvindebiografisk leksikon, she was incredibly conscious to understand day-to-day life in interviews and reports she atuhored and she had "the combination of professional integrity and political commitment, which has meant that throughout her journalistic career she has had a unique impact on the Danish public." She was named the recipient of the in 1990 and the Den Berlingske Fonds Journalistpris accolade in 1992.
References
External links
Gravsted entry
1945 births
2017 deaths
20th-century Danish women writers
21st-century Danish women writers
20th-century Danish journalists
21st-century Danish journalists
Dagbladet Information editors
Danish women journalists
Danish women editors
Radio reporters and correspondents
Dagbladet Information people
Politiken writers
Politiken editors
Aarhus University alumni
Aarhus University faculty
Roskilde University faculty
Wólka Petryłowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Bezek Dębiński is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Chris J. Vlasto (born October 27, 1966) is Senior Executive Producer of Investigations at ABC-TV News. He is also Co-host of "The Investigation" podcast. He was a executive producer of Good Morning America. Prior to that, he was a senior producer at ABC News 20/20 and senior producer of the Law and Justice unit. Before that he was a senior Broadcast Producer of Good Morning America where he won three Emmy Awards for Outstanding Morning Program. He is the son of James Vlasto, former Press Secretary to the New York Governor Hugh Carey and his half brother, Josh Vlasto is currently the Deputy Communications Director to Governor Andrew Cuomo.
Early life
Chris Vlasto was born in Manhattan, New York. He graduated from Choate Rosemary Hall in 1984. He received his undergraduate degree from University of Southern California in 1988. He resides in Rye, New York with his wife, Deirdre Michalopoulos, and their two sons: Nicholas and Alexander. Vlasto is the grandson of the late Solon G. Vlasto, publisher of the Atlantis, once the most successful Greek-language daily newspaper published in the United States. Atlantis was founded by Solon G. Vlasto's uncle, Solon J. Vlasto in 1894. Solon J. Vlasto was also the founder and president of the first Greek Orthodox Church, The Holy Trinity, in New York City in 1892.
Career
On January 21, 1998, Vlasto produced the reports by correspondent Jackie Judd which first broadcast the allegations about President Clinton's association with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky. Vlasto also produced the Diane Sawyer interview with Ken Starr and the Barbara Walters interview with Monica Lewinsky which was one of the most watched news interviews in television history.
Vlasto also covered the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center, the Florida Recount, the Lewinsky scandal, Oklahoma City bombing, and the OJ Simpson Trial.
Jim McDougal, the real estate speculator whose mismanagement of the Whitewater land deal with his partners Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton led to the Whitewater controversy of the 1990s, says of Vlasto in the book Arkansas Mischief by Boston Globe writer, Curtis Wilkie:
"Though Chris had the lean and hungry look of a young journalist, his manner was that of a scholar. I discovered that the man belonging to the gentle voice on the phone had the cunning of a con artist but the soul of a true friend"
In 2002, Details Magazine named Vlasto one of the 50 most powerful people in the United States under 37. Diane Sawyer said, "He is of the tradition of journalists you don't see any more. He has got a craggy integrity."
Recently, Vlasto produced the first interview with one of the women Anthony Weiner was sexting with, Meagan Broussard, together with ABC News 20/20 anchor Chris Cuomo.
Awards
Vlasto has won more than a dozen awards including the Edward R. Murrow Award and the Joan Barone Award for his coverage of President Clinton.
He also won an Emmy Award and a Sigma Delta Chi Award for his coverage of the 9/11 terror attacks.
He was a 2003 Gerald Loeb Award winner for Television Short Form business journalism.
Good Morning America
Emmy Awards
Outstanding Morning Program, "Good Morning America," Executive Broadcast Producer, June 23, 2014.
Excellence in Morning Programming Good Morning America, June 14, 2007.
Outstanding Morning Program Good Morning America, Chris Vlasto, Senior Broadcast Producer, August 30, 2009.
Outstanding Morning Program Good Morning America, Chris Vlasto, Senior Broadcast Producer, June 13, 2008.
References
External links
Profile of Chris Vlasto: UCLA Anderson School of Management
Chris Cuomo's Webpage
American people of Greek descent
Emmy Award winners
Living people
ABC News
Choate Rosemary Hall alumni
1966 births
Gerald Loeb Award winners for Television
The is a diplomatic mission of Japan. It is located in the Buckhead area of Atlanta. The consulate's jurisdiction includes Georgia, Alabama, North Carolina, and South Carolina.
History
The consulate was established on February 15, 1974. At the time, 20 Japanese companies had operations in the Southeastern United States. In 1995 Yuji Miyamoto, the consul general, said that economic relations between Japan and Georgia and other economic states and "grassroots relationships" between those areas were increasing. That year, 200 unionists from several states in the Southern United States protested at Colony Square, the location of the consulate at the time, in Midtown Atlanta. They went to deliver a letter of appeal to the consulate regarding the replacement of over 2,000 Bridgestone/Firestone workers who were striking. Security officers from the complex intervened.
In 2002 the consulate announced it was moving from Colony Square to One Alliance Center. It had signed a ten-year lease there for fewer than of space. The consulate had over three years left in the lease of Colony Square. Because Trizec Properties owned both office properties, the consulate was easily able to move to its new location. In 2005, there were almost 700 Japanese companies with operations in the Southeastern United States, employing over 89,500 people. The cumulative Japanese investment was over $20 billion that year. In 2005 almost 20,000 Japanese nationals resided in that region, including 6,600 in the State of Georgia.
Facility
It is located in Suite 850 of the Phipps Tower in the Buckhead area of Atlanta. Previously (as of 2005) the consulate was in Suite 1600 on the 16th floor of the One Alliance Center in Buckhead, and the consul general's office had a northward panoramic view of the Kennesaw Mountain. In 2005 the consul general's mansion was also in Buckhead. In a prior period (as of 1995) the consulate was in Colony Square in Midtown Atlanta.
See also
Seigakuin Atlanta International School
Consulate-General of Japan, Detroit
Consulate-General of Japan, Honolulu
Consulate-General of Japan, Houston
Consulate-General of Japan, Nashville
Diplomatic missions of Japan
References
External links
Consulate-General of Japan, Atlanta
Atlanta
Diplomatic missions in Atlanta
Japan–United States relations
1974 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Asian-American culture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Notion or Notium (Ancient Greek , 'southern') was a Greek city-state on the west coast of Anatolia; it is about south of Izmir in modern Turkey, on the Gulf of Kuşadası. Notion was located on a hill from which the sea was visible; it served as a port for nearby Colophon and Claros, and pilgrims frequently passed through on their way to the oracle of Apollo at Claros. There are still remains of the defense walls, necropolis, temple, agora, and theater. The ruins of the city are now found east of the modern town Ahmetbeyli in the Menderes district of Izmir Province, Turkey.
The earliest reference to Notion is in Herodotus, who includes it among the cities of Aeolis (of which it is the southernmost): "Kyme, which is called Phriconis, Larisai, Neon-teichos, Temnos, Killa, Notion, Aigiroëssa, Pitane, Aigaiai, Myrina, Grynei" (I:149). Its proximity to the Ionian city of Colophon needs explanation; we may "suppose either that the Ionian settlers negotiated their rights of passage up to their inland site or more probably that they reached it originally up one of the other river valleys." Robin Lane Fox, discussing the early rivalry between the cities, writes:Relations between Colophon and nearby Notion were never easy and their bitter rivalry may help to explain the story of a quarrel between the two prophets at Claros. The Aeolian Greeks at Notion had a special relationship with Aeolian Mopsus, but the Ionian Greeks at Colophon had a special relationship with Calchas. It was, then, particularly appealing for the Aeolian controllers of Claros to claim that Mopsus had outwitted Calchas and caused his death on the site.H. W. Parke suggests that in the seventh century BC "Claros was in the control of Notion, which must have remained a small Aeolian town dominated by its more powerful inland neighbour [Colophon], but also protected by it against the threat of Lydia. Notion itself was not big enough to send out colonies on its own." Persia conquered Colophon and Notion in the mid-sixth century BC, but they were liberated in the Greco–Persian Wars and joined the Delian League separately (Colophon paying three talents a year, the smaller Notion only a third of a talent).
During the first years of the Peloponnesian War, Notion was split into factions, one of which called in mercenaries under Persian command; the Athenian admiral Paches ruthlessly restored the pro-Athenian faction to power, "and settlers were afterwards sent out from Athens, and the place colonized according to Athenian laws" (Thucydides III:34). Thereafter it served as an Athenian base. In 406 BC it was the site of the Spartan victory at the Battle of Notium. By the late fourth century BC it was joined in a sympoliteia (federal league) with Colophon and "by the Roman period the name of Notion dropped out of use completely."
References
Cities in ancient Aeolis
Cities in ancient Ionia
Former populated places in Turkey
Buildings and structures in İzmir Province
History of İzmir Province
Members of the Delian League
Ancient Greek archaeological sites in Turkey
Populated places in ancient Aeolis
Populated places in ancient Ionia
Menderes (Cumaovası) District
Aldomir Ridge (, ) is the mostly ice-free ridge on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, bounded by Sjögren Glacier to the west and Boydell Glacier to the east. It extends 14 km between Detroit Plateau to the north-northwest and Sjögren Inlet to the south-southeast, its southeast extremity forming Royak Point. The ridge is 4.2 km wide and rising to 1445 m at its north extremity.
The ridge is named after the settlement of Aldomirovtsi in Western Bulgaria.
Location
Aldomir Ridge is centred at .
Map
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Aldomir Ridge. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Aldomir Ridge. Copernix satellite image
Ridges of Graham Land
Landforms of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
The London Informer was a free newspaper published every Friday in west London.
External links
London Informer
London Informer
London newspapers
Free newspapers
St. Paul Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Bristol, Connecticut, United States. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford. Its mascot is the falcon, and its colors are blue, white, and crimson.
Background
St. Paul was established in 1966 and was originally staffed by the Sisters of St. Joseph.
Athletics
The most recent team champions are:
Girls' basketball: 2009-2010 Class S State Championship
Boys' baseball: 2015-2016 Class S State Championship
St. Paul offers over 19 varsity sports for boys and girls combined.
Notable alumni
Cara Pavalock-D'Amato, member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Scott Lachance, NHL defenseman
Byron Jones, DB for the Miami Dolphins (2020-present)
Kristen Taekman, model and reality TV personality
Steve Pikiell, head basketball coach of Rutgers University
References
External links
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford
Catholic secondary schools in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Bristol, Connecticut
Educational institutions established in 1966
1966 establishments in Connecticut
Paul Maher is an Irish hurler who plays for Tipperary Senior Championship club Kilsheelan-Kilcash and at inter-county level with the Tipperary senior hurling team.
Career
Maher made his senior debut for Tipperary on 8 March 2020, starting at right corner back in the fifth round of the 2020 National Hurling League against Galway in a 3-13 to 3-21 defeat.
References
Living people
Tipperary inter-county hurlers
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Diocese of San Rafael () is a Roman Catholic diocese in San Rafael, Argentina. It came into existence on 10 April 1961, and is presided over by Bishop Eduardo Maria Taussig.
Bishops
Past and present ordinaries
Raúl Francisco Primatesta (1961–1965), appointed Archbishop of Córdoba (Cardinal in 1973)
Jorge Carlos Carreras (1965–1969) appointed Bishop of San Justo
Oscar Félix Villena (1970–1972)
León Kruk (1973–1991)
Jesús Arturo Roldán (1991–1996)
Guillermo José Garlatti (1997–2003), appointed Archbishop of Bahía Blanca
Eduardo Maria Taussig (2004–2022)
Other priest of this diocese who became bishop
Pedro Daniel Martínez Perea, appointed Coadjutor Bishop of San Luis in 2009
References
External links
Diocese of San Rafael, Catholic Hierarchy
San Rafael
San Rafael
San Rafael
San Rafael
1961 establishments in Argentina
Gangeyabhushani (pronounced gāngæyabhūshani) is a ragam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 33rd Melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called Gangātarangini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 3rd rāgam in the 6th chakra Rutu. The mnemonic name is Rutu-Go. The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu ma pa dha nu. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
:
:
The notes present in this scale are shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham, kakali nishadham.
As it is a melakarta rāgam, by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Dhatuvardani, which is the 69th melakarta.
Janya rāgams
Gangeyabhushani currently has no janya rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of janya rāgams to look up all janya rāgams.
Compositions
A few compositions set to Gangeyabhooshani are:
Sulabha Poojeya Maadi by Purandara Dasaru
Varadaraja avava by Muthuswami Dikshitar
Ninaikanome by Koteeswara Iyer
Paalayasumam by M. Balamuralikrishna
Evvare ramayya by Tyagaraja
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Gangeyabhushani's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields Neetimati, a minor melakarta rāgam. Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Gangeyabhushani.
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
Ibrahim Mahama is a Ghanaian lawyer, and civil servant. He was Ghana's Commissioner for Secretariats and Departments from 1967 to 1968 and Commissioner for Information from 1968 to 1969.
Early life and education
Mahama is born in Tibung (a town close to Tamale) in the Northern Territories of the then Gold Coast in 1936. After staying with his parents for fifteen (15) years, he decided to go to school all by himself. He began his early education at the Savelugu Primary School from 1951 to 1953, and the Dagomba District Middle School from 1954 to 1955. A year later, he enrolled at the Government Secondary School, Tamale (now Tamale Senior High School), where he studied until 1962. That same year, he gained admission to study at the University of Ghana. There, he obtained his Bachelor of Laws degree in 1965 and his Practical Law Certificate in 1966.
Career and politics
Following his studies at the University of Ghana, Mahama worked as a private legal practitioner at the Law Chambers in Accra. He was appointed Commissioner for Secretariats and Departments in 1967. He served in that capacity until 1968.
Mahama was elected during the 1969 Ghanaian parliamentary election as member of the first parliament of the second republic of Ghana on the ticket of the National Alliance of Liberals (NAL). He represented the Tamale constituency from 1 October 1969 to 13 January 1972. He was succeeded by Alhaji Abubakar Alhassan of the Social Democratic Front (SDF) in the 1979 Ghanaian general election.
Personal life
Mahama's hobbies included swimming, debating, watching football, photography and current affairs.
See also
National Liberation Council
List of MPs elected in the 1969 Ghanaian parliamentary election
References
1936 births
Ghanaian civil servants
20th-century Ghanaian lawyers
Ghanaian educators
Living people
Ghanaian MPs 1969–1972
National Alliance of Liberals politicians
Tamale Senior High School alumni
Xingshan may refer to the following locations in China:
Xingshan County (兴山县), of Yichang, Hubei
Xingshan District (兴山区), Hegang, Heilongjiang
Xingshan, Majiang County (杏山镇), town in Qiandongnan Miao and Dong Autonomous Prefecture, Guizhou
Xingshan, Shuangcheng (杏山镇), town in Heilongjiang
Xingshan Township, Longjiang County (杏山乡), Heilongjiang
Xingshan Township, Lishu County (杏山乡), Jilin
Lieutenant General Igor Yevgenyevich Konashenkov (; born 15 May 1966) is a Russian military officer serving as the chief spokesperson for the Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation.
Early life
Igor Konashenkov was born on 15 May 1966 in Kishinev, Moldavian SSR, Soviet Union.
Career
Konashenkov graduated with distinction from the engineering department of Zhitomir Higher Military School of Radioelectronics of Air Defence in 1988. In 1998, he graduated from the Air Defence Military Academy. In 2006, he graduated from the higher courses of the Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia.
He has served in the Soviet Air Defence Forces and in the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces, in the directorate of the major command of the Territorial Air Defence Forces.
Military spokesman
From 1998, Konashenkov was the senior officer, chief of group, and deputy chief of the Department for Cooperation with Russian and Foreign Media of the Russian Federation Ministry of Defence Press Service.
In 2003, he became chief of the press service and assistant commander of the North Caucasus Military District for public and media affairs. In 2005 he became chief of the press service of the army and assistant commander-in-chief of the army for public and media affairs.
In 2009, he was appointed deputy chief of the Department of Media Affairs and Information of the Russian Federation Ministry of Defence. In August 2011, he became chief of the Department of Media Affairs and Information of the Russian Federation Ministry of Defence. He is Russia's chief military spokesman.
He has headed units for informational support of the Russian military in the North Caucasus, and the Collective Force for Peacekeeping in the Georgia-Abkhazia conflict zone.
During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Konashenkov claimed that U.S. forces had planned to infect birds in Ukraine with a spreadable form of the H5N1 flu strain "with a mortality rate of 50 percent" as well as Newcastle disease. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant General.
Sanctions
In April 2022, Konashenkov was added to the European Union sanctions list "in response to the ongoing unjustified and unprovoked Russian military aggression against Ukraine and other actions undermining or threatening the territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence of Ukraine".
Honours
Konashenkov has received the Order of Courage, Order of Military Merit, Order of Friendship, and 14 other medals.
Konashenkov is a member of the presidium of the Union of Journalists in Moscow who awarded him a diploma for services to openness in the press in 2016.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
People from Chișinău
Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Soviet Union alumni
Zhukov Air and Space Defence Academy alumni
Recipients of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland", 3rd class
Recipients of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland", 4th class
Recipients of the Order of Courage
Recipients of the Order of Honour (Russia)
Recipients of the Order of Military Merit (Russia)
Russian major generals
Russian individuals subject to the European Union sanctions
Escape from Planet Earth is a 2013 computer animated comedy-adventure science fiction film produced by Rainmaker Entertainment and distributed by The Weinstein Company in the United States and Entertainment One in Canada, directed by Cal Brunker (in his feature-length directorial debut), with a screenplay which he co-wrote with Bob Barlen, and features an ensemble voice cast that includes Rob Corddry, Brendan Fraser, Sarah Jessica Parker, William Shatner, Jessica Alba, Jane Lynch, Craig Robinson, George Lopez, Sofía Vergara, Steve Zahn, Chris Parnell, Jonathan Morgan Heit, and Ricky Gervais. The film was released on February 15, 2013. Escape from Planet Earth received mixed-to-negative reviews from critics and grossed over $74 million on a budget of $40 million.
Plot
On Planet Baab, reckless astronaut Scorch Supernova works at BASA with his nerdy older brother, Gary. One day, Gary receives a message from the head of BASA, Lena, that Scorch will be sent to the "Dark Planet" (the Baabians' name for Earth) due to an SOS call. Gary opposes the idea, but Scorch accepts without his approval, leading for Gary to quit his job. Gary goes home to his wife, Kira, and his adventure-hungry son, Kip, only to find out that Scorch has already gone to the Dark Planet, via live TV.
Scorch arrives on Earth and finds a 7-Eleven convenience store, where he is ambushed by the US Army, led by General William T. Shanker, and is taken to Area 51. Witnessing this, Kip wants to go rescue Scorch, but Gary discourages him, upsetting Kip. That night, Gary goes to Kip's room to apologize only to find that Kip has escaped. He rushes to BASA with Kira and arrives in time to cancel a launch sequence at the last second and save Kip. Gary, having a change of heart, re-activates the sequence so he himself can rescue Scorch. Gary then arrives at the same 7-Eleven that Scorch arrived at earlier and is shortly captured by Shanker's men, taking him to Area 51 as well.
Gary is taken to Shanker's office where he is quickly removed after he receives an incoming call from Lena, who is revealed to be Shanker's girlfriend, as she has sent him the most powerful energy source in the galaxy, known as "blubonium", via Scorch's robotic suit, not knowing Shanker only uses her to get the source. Gary is placed in a cell hall where he meets other aliens that were captured: a mouse-like alien named Doc, a cyclops-like alien named Io, and a slug-like alien named Thurman, who tell Gary that various human technology has been invented by them for Shanker to rip off and sell in exchange for their undetermined release from Area 51. Gary reunites with Scorch, but is again annoyed by his behavior. Meanwhile, Lena captures Kira, who stayed at BASA and tried contacting Gary on his rescue mission, while revealing her plan to give Shanker a lifetime supply of blubonium.
The aliens are directed to the base's "peace shield", with Shanker revealing the blubonium, and Gary unintentionally provoking Scorch into stealing and breaking it. Shanker places Scorch into a freezing chamber and orders Gary to fix the blubonium for his brother's release, revealing that he plans to destroy all alien planets with life on them, stemming from an incident which a trio of grey aliens' spaceship (accidentally) killed his father back in 1947. Gary fixes the ray with help from his new friends, but Shanker goes back on his deal and freezes him as well. The other aliens discover Shanker's true intentions when he attempts to destroy Baab with the laser, but it is revealed that Gary rigged the machine to malfunction, destroying itself, and causing Gary, Scorch and other imprisoned Aliens to be released from their icy prisons. The brothers along with their new friends, escape Area 51, and head for Baab after locating Scorch's spaceship.
Meanwhile, back on Baab, Kip frees Kira, who subdues Lena after the latter takes off with a blubonium shipment. US Air Force jets chase the Scorch's ship, but Kip guides him through and manages to evade and destroy the jets. However, Shanker, wearing Scorch's robotic suit, uses a tractor beam to stop the ship in midair. Gary, followed by Scorch, jump out and manage to get the suit off Shanker which causes them all to plummet. While freefalling, Scorch and Gary reconcile before they and Shanker are rescued by the grey aliens, who previously helped Shanker due to their guilt of causing his father's death but now turn against him after discovering his true agenda. After Gary knocks out Shanker, the grey aliens take him away. Scorch and Gary return to Planet Baab where Gary is reunited with his family. Scorch is greeted as a hero, but gives the credit to his brother. To celebrate his return, Scorch marries his girlfriend, anchorwoman Gabby Babblebrook, with Gary as his best man to Planet Baab.
Cast
Rob Corddry as Gary Supernova, Scorch's older brother, who is also the head of mission control at BASA.
Brendan Fraser as Scorch Supernova, an arrogant but benevolent space pilot, Gary's younger brother.
Sarah Jessica Parker as Kira Supernova, Gary's wife, who worked 15 years at the BASA Academy as a test pilot.
William Shatner as General William T. Shanker, the villainous head of Area 51.
Joshua Rush as Younger Shanker.
Jessica Alba as Lena Thackleman, BASA's no-nonsense chief and Shanker's love interest.
Craig Robinson as Doc, a mouse-like alien.
George Lopez as Thurman, a three-eyed slug-like alien.
Ricky Gervais as James Bing, a sarcastic talking computer who is programmed at BASA.
Jane Lynch as Io, a giant cyclops-like alien.
Sofía Vergara as Gabby Babblebrook, an anchorwoman on Baab and Scorch's girlfriend.
Steve Zahn as Hawk, Hammer's friend, and owner of 7-Eleven.
Chris Parnell as Hammer, Hawk's friend, and assistant.
Jonathan Morgan Heit as Kip Supernova, Gary and Kira's son.
Development
The film was in development at The Weinstein Company at least since 2007. The film was first announced in a press release from The Weinstein Company, which announced that the film was in full production and also announced most of the cast.
The film was directed by Cal Brunker, who previously worked as a storyboard artist on the films Despicable Me, Horton Hears a Who! and Ice Age: Continental Drift. The film was originally set for release on February 14, 2013, but was pushed back to February 15, 2013, due to conflicting schedules.
Lawsuit
Writer-director Tony Leech and film producer Brian Inerfeld sued The Weinstein Company, claiming they signed a deal whereby they were to receive at least 20 percent of Escape'''s adjusted gross profit, which they estimated would be worth close to $50 million in back end participation alone. But the film languished in development, and the plaintiffs claimed that the Weinsteins repeatedly unlocked the script, forcing rewrites at least 17 times, which they say "eviscerated" the movie's budget by keeping 200-plus animators on payroll. With the film pushing its budget, the Weinsteins went outside for fresh capital.
The Weinstein Company entered into a Funding and Security Agreement with JTM whereby the financiers agreed to provide new money and, in return, get 25 percent of the film's gross receipts and 100 percent of all foreign gross receipts. Leech and Inerfeld were upset, alleging that the agreement had mortgaged their own financial upside and said the Weinsteins advised them that if they wanted their past due money, they would have to agree to this arrangement. Instead, Leech and Inerfeld went on the legal attack against TWC even claiming that they were paid $500,000 in hush money to keep the dispute quiet on the verge of the Weinsteins' The King's Speech Oscar victory in 2011. As for JTM, the plaintiffs demanded a declaratory judgment that their contractual rights to share in the profits were superior to JTM's security interest in profits from the film.
On February 15, 2013, the same day the film was released, in a document filed in the New York Supreme Court, lawyers for both sides filed a motion of discontinuance in the case, effectively ending it. No details of the settlement were made available but because the motion was filed "with prejudice" both sides would be paying their own legal costs.
MusicEscape from Planet Earth: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack, the soundtrack of the film was released on February 19, 2013.Escape from Planet Earth: Original Score By Aaron Zigman, the soundtrack of the film was scored by Aaron Zigman and performed by the Brussels Philharmonic Orchestra. It was released on February 8, 2013.
Release
Critical response
Based on 43 reviews, the film holds a rotten rating of 35% on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, with an average rating of 4.62/10. On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 35 out of 100 based on reviews from 11 critics, with the tagline "generally unfavorable reviews".
Stephen Farber of The Hollywood Reporter gave the film a positive review, saying, "The picture has enough entertainment value to tickle its target audience and even offers a few chuckles for accompanying adults. A strong cast and bright – if uninspired – animation help to offset a thin story. Decent box office returns seem likely." Tasha Robinson of The A.V. Club gave the film a C, calling it a "Mild-mannered CGI animated film that consists largely of broad conflicts, broadly resolved. It's unchallenging fun for a younger crowd, but adults might feel like they're staring down a colorful 24-piece board puzzle, trying to figure out how such a simple activity could be drawn out over 90 minutes." Mack Rawden of Cinema Blend gave the film one star out of five, saying, "Every single facet of the film is at best, slightly below average and at worst, downright terrible." Stephen Whitty of the Newark Star-Ledger gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying, "It provides a few smiles, and a decent amount of rainy-day, kiddie entertainment." Neil Genzlinger of The New York Times gave the film two and a half stars out of five, saying, "A children's movie about space-traveling blue beings that has lots of high-flying escapades but fairly low aspirations." Jordan Riefe of the Boston Phoenix gave the film two out of four stars, saying, "This might please young kids but torment discerning parents." Michael O'Sullivan of The Washington Post gave the film two out of four stars, saying, "Just like its hero and his grounded starship, Escape From Planet Earth is, for much of the film, a decidedly earthbound adventure." Vadim Rizov of Time Out gave the film two out of five stars, saying, "The late Douglas Adams summed up Earth as "mostly harmless," a description that also applies to this eminently tolerable animated time-filler."
Alonso Duralde of The Wrap gave the film a negative review, saying, "It's a bowl of warm water into which no one has bothered to place a bouillon cube. The kids in the theater with me never mustered a single laugh or gasp of excitement. It's plenty o' nuttin'." Peter Howell of the Toronto Star gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying, "No matter whether you call Escape from Planet Earth sincere homage or cynical thievery, it goes down well in its brisk 89 minutes." Gregg Katzman of IGN gave the film a 4.5 out of 10, saying, "Escape From Planet Earth looks fantastic and is sporting some commendable voice acting, but these qualities can't overcome a stale script and significant lack of laughs. Unless you have a young kid that wants to see it, I just can't recommend this one at all." Sheri Linden of the Los Angeles Times gave the film three out of five stars, saying, "It never discovers new worlds, but "Escape From Planet Earth is, in its genial way, escape enough." Tom Russo of The Boston Globe gave the film two stars out of four, saying, "If "Escape" figures prominently into your February staycation plans, you won't feel like you've thrown your money away, but the kids won't still be buzzing about it when they get back to school, either." Roger Moore of The Seattle Times gave the film two out of four stars, saying, "The animation is what sells Escape from Planet Earth, with rich, textured surfaces – check out the fishnet webbing on Scorch's spacesuit, the paint worn off the hardware and the perfectly rendered 7-Eleven, where even the Slurpee (product placement in a cartoon?) shimmers like the real thing. But it's not worth paying 3D prices". Joe Leydon of Variety gave the film a positive review, saying, "A lightweight, warp-speed, brightly colored trifle that should delight small children and sporadically amuse their parents."
Box officeEscape from Planet Earth grossed $57,012,977 in North America, and $17,584,666 in other countries, for a worldwide total of $74,597,643. In North America, the film opened to number four in its first weekend with $15,891,055, behind A Good Day to Die Hard, Identity Thief and Safe Haven. In its second weekend, the film went up to number three grossing an additional $10,682,037. In its third weekend, the film dropped to number six grossing $6,619,827. In its fourth weekend, the film dropped to number nine grossing $3,218,923.
Home mediaEscape from Planet Earth'' was released on DVD, Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D on June 4, 2013.
References
External links
Production notes
2013 films
2013 3D films
The Weinstein Company animated films
Rainmaker Studios films
2010s American animated films
2013 computer-animated films
American children's animated comic science fiction films
American children's animated science fantasy films
American computer-animated films
Animated films about extraterrestrial life
Canadian children's films
Canadian computer-animated films
Canadian science fiction comedy films
Canadian 3D films
Canadian animated science fiction films
Canadian animated feature films
Canadian animated fantasy films
Films scored by Aaron Zigman
Films set in Canada
Films set on fictional planets
3D animated films
2010s English-language films
2010s Canadian films
HMS Felixstowe was a s built for the Royal Navy during the Second World War.
Design and description
The Bangor class was designed as a small minesweeper that could be easily built in large numbers by civilian shipyards; as steam turbines were difficult to manufacture, the ships were designed to accept a wide variety of engines. Felixstowe displaced at standard load and at deep load. The ship had an overall length of , a beam of and a draught of . The ship's complement consisted of 60 officers and ratings.
She was powered by two vertical triple-expansion steam engines (VTE), each driving one shaft, using steam provided by two Admiralty three-drum boilers. The engines produced a total of and gave a maximum speed of . The ship carried a maximum of of fuel oil that gave her a range of at .
The VTE-powered Bangors were armed with a 12 pounder anti-aircraft gun and a single QF 2-pounder (4 cm) AA gun or a quadruple mount for the Vickers .50 machine gun. In some ships the 2-pounder was replaced a single or twin 20 mm Oerlikon AA gun, while most ships were fitted with four additional single Oerlikon mounts over the course of the war. For escort work, their minesweeping gear could be exchanged for around 40 depth charges.
Construction and career
She was built by Lobnitz and Company, Renfrew, Scotland and launched on 22 July 1941. She served in the Mediterranean during the Second World War. Thus far she has been the only ship of the Royal Navy named after the Suffolk town of Felixstowe. She struck a mine on 18 December 1943 and sank east of Capo Ferro, Sardinia, Italy.
References
Bibliography
External links
HMS Felixstowe at Uboat.net
Bangor-class minesweepers of the Royal Navy
Ships built on the River Clyde
1941 ships
World War II minesweepers of the United Kingdom
Ships sunk by mines
Maritime incidents in December 1943
World War II shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
Joseph Morton (died September 1721) was an early colonist and governor of the Province of Carolina. Although he was not one of Carolina's Lords Proprietors, Morton was influential in the recruitment of religious dissenters to migrate to the new colony. In 1680 he led a group of dissenters to what is now South Carolina, settling Edisto Island. In 1682 he was appointed governor of the colony by the proprietors, but due to disagreements with the proprietors was replaced in 1684. A second appointment in 1686 lasted only one month before he was supplanted by James Colleton. Morton had been in the process of organizing an expedition against Spanish Florida, which the colonists believed was harboring pirates operating against the colony's coastal settlements. Colleton immediately put a stop to the expedition, since England and Spain were then at peace.
Colonial Governor Of South Carolina
He was the 6th Governor of South Carolina, Shortly When Robert Quary Finished his 2 moth term,
And He was succeeded by James Colleton.
In 1697 he was named a judge of the admiralty by King William III. Because of this appointment he was denied a third opportunity to be governor by the proprietors in 1701. He supported education and libraries in the colony. He married into the family of Joseph Blake, who also served as governor of the province. He had two children, and died in September 1721.
References
Leach, Josiah. Memoranda Relating to the ancestry and family of Hon. Levi Parson Morton
McCrady, Edward. [https://books.google.com/books?id=ixh5AAAAMAAJ&dq=%22Joseph%20Morton%22%20carolina&pg=PA194#v=onepage&q=Morton&f=false The History of South Carolina under the Proprietary Government
1721 deaths
Colonial governors of South Carolina
Date of death missing
Landgraves of Carolina
Year of birth unknown
People from Edisto Island, South Carolina
A diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (DIPG) is a tumour located in the pons (middle) of the brain stem. Glioma is a general name for any tumour that arises from the supportive tissue called glia, which help keep the neurons in place and functioning well. DIPG is a brainstem glioma. The brain stem is the bottommost portion of the brain, connecting the cerebrum with the spinal cord. The majority of brain stem tumours occur in the pons and are diffusely infiltrating (they grow amidst the nerves), and therefore cannot be surgically removed. The brain stem contains all of the incoming neurons within the spinal cord, as well as important structures involved in eye movements and in face and throat muscle control and sensation.
Diagnosis
Like most brainstem tumors, diagnosing diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma usually involves non-invasive brain imaging like MRI, in addition to neurologic physical exam. Biopsies and other procedures are very uncommon. Similar to DIPG, diffuse midline gliomas (DMG) often fall into similar categories for both diagnosis and treatment as DIPG and are often categorized together. More recently, biopsies are performed so that the best option for clinical trials can be chosen.
In studies resulting from the DIPG/DMG Registry and in connection with the DIPG/DMG Collaborative, statistics reveal that approximately 150–300 patients are diagnosed with DIPG in the USA per year, the median age of patients with DIPG is approximately 6–7 years old and the male/female ratio of DIPG patients is 1:1.
Treatment
The standard treatment for DIPG is 6 weeks of radiation therapy, which often dramatically improves symptoms. However, symptoms usually recur after 6 to 9 months and progress rapidly.
Neurosurgery
Surgery to attempt tumour removal is usually not possible or advisable for DIPG. By nature, these tumors invade diffusely throughout the brain stem, growing between normal nerve cells. Aggressive surgery would cause severe damage to neural structures vital for arm and leg movement, eye movement, swallowing, breathing, and even consciousness.
A neurosurgically performed brain-stem biopsy for immunotyping of diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma has served a limited recent role in experimental clinical studies and treatment trials. This, however, is not the current standard of care, as it presents considerable risk given the biopsy location, and thus is appropriately performed only in the context of participation in an ongoing clinical treatment trial.
Pontine biopsy is in no way a therapeutic or curative surgery, and the risks (potentially catastrophic and fatal) are only outweighed when the diagnosis is uncertain (extremely unusual) or the patient is enrolled in an approved clinical trial.
Radiotherapy
Conventional radiotherapy, limited to the involved area of tumour, is the mainstay of treatment for DIPG. A total radiation dosage ranging from 5400 to 6000 cGy, administered in daily fractions of 150 to 200 cGy over 6 weeks, is standard. Hyperfractionated (twice-daily) radiotherapy was used previously to deliver higher radiation dosages, but did not lead to improved survival. Radiosurgery (e.g., gamma knife or cyberknife) has a role in the treatment of DIPG and may be considered in selected cases.
Chemotherapy and other drug therapies
The role of chemotherapy in DIPG remains unclear. Studies have shown little improvement in survival, although efforts (see below) through the Children's Oncology Group (COG), Paediatric Brain Tumour Consortium (PBTC), and others are underway to explore further the use of chemotherapy and other drugs. Drugs that increase the effect of radiotherapy (radiosensitizers) have shown no added benefit, but promising new agents are under investigation. Immunotherapy with beta-interferon and other drugs has also had little effect in trials. Intensive or high-dose chemotherapy with autologous bone marrow transplantation or peripheral blood stem cell rescue has not demonstrated any effectiveness in brain stem gliomas. Future clinical trials may involve medicines designed to interfere with cellular pathways (signal transfer inhibitors), or other approaches that alter the tumor or its environment.
Prognosis
DIPG is a terminal illness, since it has a 5-year survival rate of <1%. The median overall survival of children diagnosed with DIPG is approximately 9 months. The 1- and 2-year survival rates are approximately 30% and less than 10%, respectively. These statistics make DIPG one of the most devastating pediatric cancers. Although 75–85% of patients show some improvement in their symptoms after radiation therapy, DIPGs almost always begin to grow again (called recurrence, relapse, or progression). Clinical trials have reported that the median time between radiation therapy and progression is 5–8.8 months. Patients whose tumors begin to grow again may be eligible for experimental treatment through clinical trials to try to slow or stop the growth of the tumor. However, clinical trials have not shown any significant benefit from experimental DIPG therapies so far.
DIPGs that progress usually grow quickly and affect important parts of the brain. The median time from tumor progression to death is usually very short, between 1 and 4.5 months. During this time, doctors focus on palliative care: controlling symptoms and making the patient as comfortable as possible.
Research
As is the case with most brain tumors, a major difficulty in treating DIPG is overcoming the blood–brain barrier.
In the brain – unlike in other areas of the body, where substances can pass freely from the blood into the tissue – there is very little space between the cells lining the blood vessels. Thus, the movement of substances into the brain is significantly limited. This barrier is formed by the lining cells of the vessels as well as by projections from nearby astrocytes. These two types of cells are knitted together by proteins to form what are called "tight junctions". The entire structure is called the blood–brain barrier (BBB). It prevents chemicals, toxins, bacteria, and other substances from getting into the brain, and thus serves a continuous protective function. However, with diseases such as brain tumors, the BBB can also prevent diagnostic and therapeutic agents from reaching their target.
Researchers and clinicians have tried several methods to overcome the blood–brain barrier:
Intrathecal/intraventricular administration: Chemotherapy is injected directly into the cerebrospinal fluid, either through a lumbar puncture or a surgically implanted catheter.
Intracerebral implants: A neurosurgeon creates a cavity within a tumor to allow the placement of dime-sized chemotherapy wafers, such as Gliadel wafers. Several of these wafers can be placed at the time of surgery and will release the chemotherapy agent carmustine slowly over time. This provides a much higher concentration of chemotherapy in the brain than can be obtained with intravenous administration, and it causes fewer systemic side effects. However, it is an option only for patients with surgically resectable tumours; it cannot be used to treat DIPG.
Osmotic blood–brain barrier disruption (BBBD): The cells of the blood–brain barrier are shrunk by a concentrated sugar solution (mannitol). This opens the barrier and allows 10 to 100 times more chemotherapy to enter the brain. A catheter is placed into a large artery (usually the one in the groin called the femoral artery) and threaded up to the carotid or vertebral artery. The hypertonic mannitol is injected, followed by a chemotherapeutic agent. Patients spend a few days in the hospital for each administration. This has been attempted with DIPG tumours.
Convection-enhanced delivery: Chemotherapy is delivered to the tumour by a surgically implanted catheter under a pressure gradient to achieve more distribution than with diffusion alone. Limited experiments have been conducted with brain tumors, including one with a DIPG.
Drug carriers: Carriers such as "Trojan horse" molecules, liposomes, and nanoparticles might theoretically allow a therapeutic drug to enter the brain. Such tactics are mostly in the investigatory stages and are not yet clinically relevant to brain tumour treatment.
Prominent patients
Karen Armstrong (1959–1962), daughter of American astronaut Neil Armstrong and his first wife, Janet Elizabeth Shearon.
Elena Desserich (2000–2007), daughter of Brooke and Keith Desserich. After her passing her parents founded The Cure Starts Now Foundation, the first international DIPG/DMG charity that today has funded over $12 million in research at 114 hospitals. Her story was also chronicled in Notes Left Behind and became a New York Times bestselling book on November 12, 2009.
Gabriella Miller (2003–2013), American childhood cancer awareness advocate who raised thousands of dollars for childhood cancer charities and founded Smashing Walnuts Foundation. The Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, signed in to US law in 2014, was named after her.
Lauren Hill (1995–2015), American freshman basketball player of Mount St. Joseph University, Cincinnati. To fulfil her wish of playing basketball for the college team for one game, the 2014 Hiram vs. Mount St. Joseph women's basketball game was scheduled 13 days earlier than the initially planned date and carried a brain cancer awareness message. Her efforts resulted in over $2.2 million raised for DIPG research through The Cure Starts Now Foundation.
Nathaniel Kayne Finley (1999-2017), born to Curtis Lee, a former member of the U.S. Armed Forces and Kirsten Darlene Finley. Finley was a member of USA Swimming through Northern Kentucky Clippers and Daytona Beach Speed swimming clubs. Despite being diagnosed with DIPG in late 2016, Finley chooses to attend LSU as a freshman in fall 2017, majoring in the College of Agriculture, Animal Sciences with aspirations of becoming a veterinarian. Prior to his death, Finley signed an advance directive, ensuring that his tumor could be donated for scientific research, the same year, he established Cannonballs for Kayne, a DIPG research foundation, committed to families, education and funding research for a cure.
In popular culture
Notes Left Behind, a non-fictional book published in 2009, is about a girl named Elena Desserich who left hundreds of notes to her family before she died of DIPG at age 6.
References
Nervous system neoplasia
Nobody's Children may refer to:
Film and television
Nobody's Children (1920 film), an American film directed by Richard Maurice
Nobody's Children (1940 film), an American film directed by Charles Barton
Nobody's Children (1951 film), a French-Italian film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo
Nobody's Children (1994 film), an American television film directed by David Wheatley
Other media
Nobody's Children (novella), a 2007 Dr. Who is a novella
Nobody's Children, a 2015 box set by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
See also
Nobody's Child (disambiguation)
Moussa (sometimes spelled Mousa) is both a given name and a surname. It is a Gallicized spelling of the Arabic name Mūsā (, "Moses"). Notable people with the name include:
Given name
Moussa Ag Amastan, Amenokal of the Kel Ahaggar Tuareg
Moussa Arafat, cousin of late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat
Moussa Ayoub (c.1873–1955), Syrian-born British portrait artist
Moussa Benhamadi (1953–2020), Algerian politician
Moussa Castle, a castle on the outskirts of Deir el Qamar
Moussa Coulibaly (footballer, born 1981), Malian football player
Mousa Dembélé (born 1987), Belgian footballer
Moussa Dembélé (born 1996), French footballer
Moussa Diabaté (born 2002), French basketball player
Moussa Diaby (born 1999), French footballer
Moussa Faki (born 1960), Prime Minister of Chad
Moussa Helal, former professional squash player
Moussa Hojeij (born 1974), Lebanese football player
Moussa Ibrahim (born 1974), Libyan spokesman for Muammar Gaddafi's regime
Moussa Konaté (born 1951), Malian writer
Moussa Koussa (born c. 1949), former Libyan Minister of Foreign Affairs under Gaddafi
Moussa Kouyate, kora player
Moussa Latoundji (born 1978), Beninese football player
Moussa N'Diaye (born 1979), Senegalese football player
Moussa Narry (born 1986), Nigerien football midfielder
Moussa Ouattara (disambiguation)
Moussa Pokong (born 1987), Cameroonian football player
Moussa Saïb (born 1969), Algerian footballer
Moussa Sanogo (born 1985), footballer
Moussa Sissoko (born 1989), French footballer
Moussa Sow (born 1986), Senegalese footballer
Moussa Sy (born 1979), Guinean football striker
Moussa Sylla (disambiguation), several people
Moussa Timbiné (born 1974), Malian politician
Moussa Traoré (born 1936), Malian soldier and politician
Moussa Wagué (born 1998), Senegalese footballer
Moussa Yahaya (born 1975), Nigerien football striker
Middle name
Balla Moussa Keïta (1934–2001), Malian actor and comedian
Surname
Abdul Halim Moussa (1930–2003), Egyptian police officer and interior minister
Amr Moussa (born 1936), Egyptian politician and diplomat
Franck Moussa (born 1989), Belgian footballer
Hassan Moussa, imam of the Stockholm Mosque
Hassen Moussa (born 1973), Tunisian judoka
Idriss Ndele Moussa (1959–2013) , Chadian dentist politician
Mustapha Moussa (born 1962), boxer
Raouf Salama Moussa (1929–2006), notable Egyptian bacteriologist and editor
Salama Moussa (1887–1958), Egyptian journalist and reformer
Sameera Moussa (1917–1952), Egyptian nuclear scientist
Samy Moussa (born 1984), Canadian conductor and composer
Tarek El Moussa (born 1981), American businessman and television personality
Zara Moussa (born c. 1980), Nigerian singer and rapper
See also
Mousa, the island in Shetland.
Musa (disambiguation)
Musa, the Israelite prophet known to Christians and Jews as Moses; see Islamic view of Moses
Surnames of Nigerien origin
Arabic-language surnames
Surnames of Chadian origin
The 2016 Continental Cycling Championships covers all road and off-road cycling disciplines split by their respective Continental confederation.
African continental champions
American continental champions
Asian continental champions
European continental champions
Oceanian continental champions
See also
Oceania Cycling Championships
African Continental Cycling Championships
References
Continental
Continental cycling championships
Padma Gargyi Wangchug or Padma Gargyi Wangchuk is a Tibetan name which may refer to one of the following people:
Jamgön Kongtrül Lodrö Thayé (1813–1899), a Tibetan Buddhist scholar, poet, artist, physician, tertön and polymath.
Chagdud Tulku Rinpoche (1930–2002), a Tibetan teacher of the Nyingma school of Tibetan Vajrayana Buddhism.
The shrike-babblers are a group of small birds in the genus Pteruthius. They are native to the Indomalayan realm, and were traditionally placed in the family Timaliidae before molecular phylogenetic studies in 2007 found that they were best considered as belonging to the family Vireonidae which was then thought to be restricted to the New World. They were traditionally classified into five species with several subspecies but changes in the status of these species on the basis of the phylogenetic species concept suggest more forms in a cryptic species complex. Most species are found in montane forests, with some species descending down to lower altitudes during the winter.
The shrike-babblers range in size from 11.5–20 cm in length and weigh 10-48 g. They are divergent in plumage and size but all possess a stout black hooked bill, short rictal bristles and a distinctive juvenile plumage. They all exhibit sexual dimorphism in plumage, with the males generally brighter. The song is simple and monotonous.
None of the species are considered threatened by human activities.
Taxonomy and systematics
The genus was created by Swainson in 1832 based on the etymology that their wings were red. The emended spelling of Ptererythrius suggested by Strickland was used by some works but dropped as unjustified in later works. The name Allotrius was used by Temminck in 1838 but Swainson's name has priority.
The genus characteristics include a short bill with the culmen sharply ridged with hooked and notched tip. The nostril openings are oval and covered by some rictal bristles. The first primary is less than half the length of the second. The scales on the front of the tarsus are sometimes fused to form a long scutum.
Extant species
Based on the differences established by the phylogenetic studies and on the basis of call variations, the group has been classified into nine species:
Green shrike-babbler (Pteruthius xanthochlorus)
P. x. occidentalis Harington, 1913
P. x. xanthochlorus Gray, JE & Gray, GR, 1847
P. x. hybrida Harington, 1913
P. x. pallidus (David, 1871)
Black-eared shrike-babbler (Pteruthius melanotis)
P. m. melanotis Hodgson, 1847
P. m. tahanensis Hartert, 1902
Black-headed shrike-babbler (Pteruthius rufiventer)
P. r. rufiventer Blyth, 1842
P. r. delacouri Mayr, 1941
Himalayan shrike-babbler (Pteruthius ripleyi)
Blyth's shrike-babbler (Pteruthius aeralatus)
P. a. validirostris Koelz, 1951
P. a. ricketti Ogilvie-Grant, 1904
P. a. aeralatus Blyth, 1855
P. a. schauenseei Deignan, 1946
P. a. cameranoi Salvadori, 1879
P. a. robinsoni Chasen & Kloss, 1931
Dalat shrike-babbler (Pteruthius annamensis)
Pied shrike-babbler (Pteruthius flaviscapis)
Clicking shrike-babbler (Pteruthius intermedius)
P. i. intermedius (Hume, 1877)
P. i. aenobarbulus Koelz, 1954
Trilling shrike-babbler (Pteruthius aenobarbus)
Former species
Formerly, some authorities also considered the following species (or subspecies) as species within the genus Pteruthius:
Robust whistler (as Pteruthius spinicaudus)
References
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Adrien Barrier (born 7 March 1891, date of death unknown) was a French wrestler. He competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1891 births
Year of death missing
Olympic wrestlers of France
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
French male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Puy-de-Dôme
Peñaflor () is a city and commune of the Talagante Province in central Chile's Santiago Metropolitan Region.
Geography
It can be found in the Chilean Central Valley approximately southwest of the metropolitan area of Santiago. The commune spans an area of .
Demographics
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Peñaflor spans an area of and has 66,619 inhabitants (32,671 men and 33,948 women). Of these, 63,209 (94.9%) lived in urban areas and 3,410 (5.1%) in rural areas. The population grew by 32.8% (16,471 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration
As a commune, Peñaflor is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2012-2016 alcalde is Manuel Fuentes Rosales (UDI), and his council members are:
Jorge Kellendonk Numhauser (UDI)
Teresita Acevedo Lara (IND)
Guillermo Donoso Aguilar (UDI)
Jorge Navarrete Urzua (PS)
Juan Plaza Núñez (IND)
Juan Caroca Suarez (PDC)
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Peñaflor is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Denise Pascal (PS) and Gonzalo Uriarte (UDI) as part of the 31st electoral district, (together with Talagante, El Monte, Isla de Maipo, Melipilla, María Pinto, Curacaví, Alhué, San Pedro and Padre Hurtado). The commune is represented in the Senate by Guido Girardi Lavín (PPD) and Jovino Novoa Vásquez (UDI) as part of the 7th senatorial constituency (Santiago-West).
References
External links
Official link - Municipality of Peñaflor
Communes of Chile
Populated places in Talagante Province
The Hammersmith Palais de Danse, in its last years simply named Hammersmith Palais, was a dance hall and entertainment venue in Hammersmith, London, England that operated from 1919 until 2007. It was the first palais de danse to be built in Britain. In 2009, it was named by the Brecon Jazz Festival as one of twelve venues which had made the most important contributions to jazz music in the United Kingdom.
The Palais occupied a large site on the A219 at 242 Shepherds Bush Road, London W6, near the circular system under the A4 Hammersmith flyover. The area has two London Underground stations, a bus station, and the road network at Hammersmith Broadway.
History
Built in 1910 on a site formerly occupied by a tram shed for London United Tramways, the Brook Green Roller Skating Rink, which had been closed since 1915, was acquired at the end of the First World War by North American entrepreneurs Howard Booker and Frank Mitchell, to convert it into a place to host ballroom dancing and various kinds of dance bands, among which were the new jazz bands. This first incarnation of the Hammersmith Palais was the work of architect Bertie Crewe. Its Chinese-style decoration featured lacquered columns, fretwork and a pagoda roof with silk lanterns; in the centre of the expensive sprung dance floor, made of Canadian maple, was a model mountain with a replica Chinese village and a fountain; while at each end thereof, was a low-rise bandstand encased in glass, to allow two bands to play alternate numbers for the dancers. The venue, which also featured a restaurant and a café, was considered at the time to be the largest and most luxurious establishment of its kind in Europe. The Hammersmith Palais de Danse opening night took place on 28 November 1919. Nick LaRocca's Original Dixieland Jazz Band, in those days on tour from America, played regularly at the Palais from that first night until June 1920. Many of the famous jazz stars of the day would appear in concert there, including American jazz singer Adelaide Hall, who performed at the venue during the week from 27 March to 2 April 1939, accompanied by Fela Sowande and his Florida Club Orchestra.
During the Great Depression, while dance halls saw a reduction in attendance, ice skating, instead, came into fashion and replaced dancing as the most popular leisure activity. As a result, the Palais site was converted into an ice rink, which was opened on 30 December 1929, with the original London Lions ice hockey team using it as a base. However, that skate craze proved short-lived, and by late 1934 the rink was reverted to a dance hall. A new maple dance floor at a cost of £5,000 was installed in the venue.
In 1959, Joe Loss and his Orchestra, with singers Rose Brennan, Ross MacManus and Larry Gretton, became the resident dance band at the Palais. For the next decade, they were a regular feature every night, except on Monday's "Record Night" when only recorded music was played and no alcohol was served from the bar. The stage and rehearsal room were within earshot of the Chief Superintendent's office in Hammersmith Police Station, leading one of its occupants to observe "where else can visitors to a police station be soothed by the sound of famous dance bands?". In 1960, the Mecca organisation acquired the Palais. Other house bands during the 1960s and 1970s included Andy Ross, Ken Mackintosh, Tony Evans, and Zodiac. On many Saturday nights, in excess of 2,000 people would visit the venue. One of the features was a huge revolving stage with a band on each side (this also caused a number of accidents when microphones and stands were left on to revolve).
The Hammersmith Palais remained a popular dance venue from its start to the late 1980s, from then on hosting mainly live music gigs, but also dance nights and private events. The venue accommodated the popular School-Disco club night with its resident band, On-On, which subsequently moved to the London Forum in Kentish Town. Promoters Onyx Promotions championed Brit-Asian bands and DJs, including DCS, Heera, Juggy D, Panjabi Hit Squad, Premi, RDB, Rishi Rich and Xzecutive/San-j Sanj. The Students' Union at Imperial College School of Medicine frequently hired the Palais as a venue for student nights.
The Palais played host to countless artists; among them Bill Haley & His Comets (1974), the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, the Who, David Bowie, the Sex Pistols, Elvis Costello and the Attractions, the Cure, U2, the Jesus and Mary Chain, the Fall, Robert Plant & the Strange Sensation, Hanoi Rocks, Big Bang and Kylie Minogue and the Police. "There was the night [in 1979] when we drove in an armoured military vehicle from our show at the Hammersmith Odeon to another the same night at the Hammersmith Palais," recalled Police drummer Stewart Copeland, "while the people from both concerts were all on the street."
Bands such as PiL, the Cramps and Soft Cell, who played their "farewell" concerts there in January 1984, made the venue popular for London gig-goers.
From 1999 to 2003, the Palais was owned by the Po Na Na Group, which converted it into a themed nightclub called Po Na Na Hammersmith.
Closure and demolition
On 20 March 2007, despite its importance to Britain's cultural history, the Hammersmith Palais was condemned for demolition. Among the artists playing the last concerts at the venue were Kasabian, Idlewild, and Jamie T. On 31 March, the unnamed Damon Albarn-fronted band, informally known as The Good, the Bad & the Queen, did a show which was promoted as the venue's official send-off. However, the following evening, 1 April (scheduled before it was known that the building was to be sold), there was a performance by the Fall, which was also promoted as the Palais' last night. A recording and a video of this concert was subsequently released as the live album Last Night at The Palais. In the end, none of these events was truly the last: the final gig at the Hammersmith Palais took place on 3 May 2007, and was by Groove Armada to launch their album Soundboy Rock.
Film producer and director Richard Weller made a documentary for BBC Television about the venue's history, titled Last Man at the Palais. It was first screened on BBC Four on Christmas Eve 2007. Near the end of the film, ballroom dancer Lyndon Wainwright performs "The Last Waltz" on the dance floor of the Palais.
Following its closure as a music venue, proposals for the site included use as an office and restaurant complex, or a students' hall of residence. Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council had been expected to rule on the proposed demolition and development in November 2009; however, on 27 October 2009, the council rejected plans to turn the Hammersmith Palais site into student flats.
In July 2010, the Planning Inspectorate held a week-long public inquiry and rejected an appeal by a development company against a council decision to block a proposed development. The developers were London & Regional (Hammersmith), who were given leave to submit an amended application.
The Palais was finally demolished in May 2012. A new building was constructed on the site, and in September 2013 opened as a luxury student hall of residence, advertised as being on the site of the Hammersmith Palais.
In popular culture
Michael Monroe's 1993–1994 band Demolition 23 recorded a track called "Hammersmith Palais" on their 1994 self-titled album. The song, a nostalgic description of the 1980s club scene in London, was written by Monroe, Jude Wilder and Little Steven (Steven Van Zandt).
The venue provides inspiration for the Dan Wilde track "Hammersmith Palais", from his 2016 album "Rhythm on the City Wall".
The venue is named in several songs, including:
The Emerson, Lake & Palmer song "Benny the Bouncer", from their 1973 album Brain Salad Surgery.
The Clash song "(White Man) In Hammersmith Palais", inspired by Joe Strummer and Don Letts attending a reggae all-nighter at the venue; Strummer also managed to get thrown out one Thursday afternoon for gaining entry without permission.
The Ian Dury and the Blockheads song "Reasons to be Cheerful, Part 3".
The Elvis Costello and the Attractions song "London's Brilliant Parade", from their 1994 album Brutal Youth; Costello would frequently visit the Palais as a youth, watching from the balcony his father Ross MacManus perform with the Joe Loss Orchestra.
Notes
References
Works cited
Further reading
Haslam, Dave (2015). Life After Dark: A History of British Nightclubs and Music Venues. New York City: Simon & Schuster. .
Other media
Dixon, Terence (1973). May I Have the Pleasure?: A Profile of Hammersmith Palais (TV documentary miniseries). Thames Television.
Weller, Richard (2007). Last Man in Hammersmith Palais (TV documentary). BBC Four.
External links
Articles
Haslam, Dave (29 August 2015). "Boogie Wonderlands: Five of the Most Influential Nightclubs of the Last 100 Years". The Guardian.
Videos
The Fall Last Night At The Palais Live 2007 (concert film, part 1/6). YouTube.
Images
Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council (10 March 2008). Photographic record of the Hammersmith Palais. London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.
GES019 (June 2010). "GES019 – Hammersmith Palais Theatre" (photo gallery). Guerrilla Exploring.
De-Keyzer, Amy; WLON (26 February 2015). "History of Hammersmith Palais" (photo gallery). MyLondon.
1919 establishments in England
2007 disestablishments in England
Former music venues in London
Hammersmith
Nightclubs in London
Buildings and structures demolished in 2012
Demolished buildings and structures in London
Capt. James Callaway (1783–1815), grandson of Daniel Boone. He is the namesake of Callaway County, Missouri.
Birth and early life
James Callaway, was born in Kentucky September 13, 1783 to Flanders Callaway and Jemima Boone, Daniel Boone's daughter. In 1798 his family moved to Missouri. He returned to Kentucky in 1799 to complete his education. In 1805 he married the former Nancy Howell, and the couple settled in Howell's prairie, in St. Charles County, where he built a home. He was involved in the fur trade and local business. He was a deputy sheriff in St. Charles County for several years.
Military service and death
Callaway was appointed Cornet of a troop of Missouri Rangers in 1808. He was promoted to Captain in 1812, and the following year raised a company, for either the ongoing conflicts with indigenous people or the War of 1812 (accounts differ.) He participated in the expedition of General Howard in 1813 and the Battle of Credit Island in 1814 in a military capacity. Callaway was killed in battle with Native Americans near Loutre Creek in March 1815. He was buried by his father where he had been killed in what is now Montgomery County, Missouri.
References
External links
Captain James Callaway biography from History of Callaway County Missouri, 1884, page 94 - 98 on the Callaway County official website
Callaway Family Association
1783 births
1815 deaths
People from Kentucky
American military personnel killed in the American Indian Wars
Duakar (; Dargwa: ДугIахъар) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Duakarsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 250 as of 2010.
Geography
Duakar is located 34 southwest km of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Urari and Guladty are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Senator Aldrich may refer to:
Chester Hardy Aldrich (1863–1924), Nebraska State Senate
Mark Aldrich (1802–1873), Illinois State Senate, and later Territorial Senate of Arizona
Nelson W. Aldrich (1841–1915), U.S. Senator from Rhode Island from 1881 to 1911
Richard S. Aldrich (1884–1941), Rhode Island State Senate
See also
Senator Aldridge (disambiguation)
William Sunsing Hidalgo (born 12 May 1977) is a Costa Rican bodybuilder and former football player.
Association football career
Club career
The dreadlocked Sunsing made his professional debut for played for Herediano on 5 April 1995 against San Carlos and scored his first goal on 5 March 1997 for Ramonense against Saprissa. A much-travelled winger, he played abroad for New England Revolution in the United States, FK Teplice in the Czech Republic and Akratitos in Greece where he played alongside compatriots Froylán Ledezma and Berny Peña. He also played for Deportivo Saprissa, Santa Bárbara and Pérez Zeledón in Costa Rica. He was nicknamed The Menace during his trip through Major League Soccer.
In summer 2007 Brujas sold Sunsing to Liberia Mía where he signed for three years.
He joined Limón in December 2010, but left them in summer 2011 after falling out with manager Ronald Mora. He later left Orión in September 2011 due to financial problems at the club which allowed him to move abroad to play in Guatemala for Cobán Imperial. His final club was Guatemala second division outfit Sayaxché after Xelajú were unable to lure him away from Cobán.
Sunsing retired on 7 December 2012, after amassing 352 Costa Rica Primera División matches in which he scored 76 goals.
International career
Sunsing made his debut for Costa Rica in a January 2000 friendly match against Trinidad & Tobago and earned a total of 35 caps, scoring 4 goals. He represented his country in 18 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and was a non-playing squad member at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and the 2001 Copa América. He scored the only goal in the only ever match the Ticos won over Jamaica, in 2001.
He also played at the 2000 and 2002 CONCACAF Gold Cups.
His final international was a September 2009 FIFA World Cup qualification match against El Salvador.
Bodybuilding career
In 2019, Sunsing made his debut as a bodybuilder.
Personal life
Sunsing is married to Ivannia Quesada and has a daughter, Keylin.
See also
List of Costa Rican MLS players
References
External links
2002 World Cup profile - Nación
1977 births
Living people
People from Heredia Province
Association football wingers
Costa Rican footballers
Costa Rica international footballers
2001 UNCAF Nations Cup players
2001 Copa América players
2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2002 FIFA World Cup players
C.S. Herediano footballers
A.D. Ramonense players
New England Revolution players
Deportivo Saprissa players
Municipal Pérez Zeledón footballers
FK Teplice players
A.P.O. Akratitos Ano Liosia players
Brujas FC players
Municipal Liberia footballers
Cobán Imperial players
Czech First League players
Major League Soccer players
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Guatemala
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in Guatemala
Male bodybuilders
Costa Rican people of Jamaican descent
Second Nature is the fifth album by Industrial band The Young Gods.
Track listing
"Lucidogen" – 4:10
"Supersonic" – 4:19
"Laisser Couler (Le Son)" – 5:42
"Astronomic" – 5:45
"Attends" – 4:01
"In The Otherland" – 7:34
"Stick Around" – 2:53
"The Sound In Your Eyes" – 5:58
"Toi Du Monde" – 8:08
"Love 2.7" – 3:40
Accolades
The information regarding accolades acquired from AcclaimedMusic.net
Chart performance
Album
Personnel
The Young Gods
Alain Monod – keyboards
Franz Treichler – vocals, production
Bernard Trontin – drums
Additional musicians and production
Bertrand Siffert – engineering
Benoît Saillet – assistant engineering
Glenn Miller – mastering
René Walker – artwork
Footnotes
The Young Gods albums
2000 albums
Ipecac Recordings albums
Albums produced by Franz Treichler
The Cyprus Davis Cup team represents Cyprus in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Cyprus Tennis Federation.
Cyprus currently competes in the Europe Group III.
History
Cyprus competed in its first Davis Cup in 1985. They lost their first 10 ties before finally defeating the Congo. Due to incurring so many losses, Cyprus was relegated to the fourth and last zonal group in 1997. The team began to record regular wins when in the year 2000 a 14-year-old Marcos Baghdatis made his Davis Cup debut. In 2007, Cyprus returned to the Zonal Group II and recorded their best result in 2009 where they fell one match shy of being promoted to the Zonal Group I.
Home Court
The first ever tie Cyprus competed in was held in Nicosia against Ireland. The team continued to play out of the Cyprus capital of Nicosia until 2010 when the team played in Spyros Kyprianou Athletic Centre located in Limassol (home of Marcos Baghdatis). 2021 event will take place at Herodotou Tennis Academy in Larnaca.
Current team (2022 Davis Cup)
Player information and rankings
Recent performances
Here is the list of all match-ups since 1985, when Cyprus began playing Davis Cup.
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s
See also
Davis Cup
Cyprus Fed Cup team
External links
Davis Cup teams
Tennis
Davis Cup
Deh-e Pain (, also Romanized as Deh-e Pā'īn) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 474, in 96 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
South Lake, California may refer to:
South Lake, Kern County, California
South Lake, Tulare County, California
South Lake Tahoe, California
Free poets Collective, started in Connecticut, USA in 2010, as a platform for national and international poets who didn't belong to any formal poetry group, but that freely wanted to share their poetry and arts related talent through international calls and special venues. They have created several international programs, calls and events thought the years, reaching the recognition and support of many important cultural institutions.
Projects and events
Free Poets Collective has hosted the Spoken Word Series, created programs such as: One Soldier One Poem ( for Connecticut's passed War Veterans), World Language Night and Poetry, the Legends of Poetry and brought to CT the Woman Scream International Poetry Festival in honor of women and against women abuse. Also collaborated with: The Mark Twain House and Museum, The Harriett Beecher Stowe House and Center, The Charter Oak Cultural Center, The Webb Dean Stevens Museum, The New Britain Museum of American Art, The Buttonwood Tree Performing Arts & Cultural Center, Artist Tree Tea House, Gallery 53, City Steam Brewery, libraries in South Windsor, West Hartford, Ellington, Middletown, Farmington, Cheshire, Meriden and Durham, The Meriden Humane Society, The Queenie Foundation, The National Theater of the Deaf, and The American School for the Deaf, The American Red Cross ( New Britain), among others.
In Connecticut, Free Poets Collective has hosted many ongoing Spoken Word Series and international poetry festivals events. Also managed many programs such as: One Soldier One Poem (honoring CT's passed War Veterans), World Language Night, and Pawetry, a fundraiser to assist animal shelters, The Legends of Poetry, among others.
Free Poets Collective has hosted and created many programs such as: Pawetry, for animal shelters fundraising.
See also
Colin Haskins
References
External links
Official Site
American poetry
American writers' organizations
Poetry organizations
The Troy Trojans softball team represents Troy University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Sun Belt Conference. The Trojans play their home games at Troy Softball Complex located on the university's campus. The program is one of the Top 50 winningest softball programs in the Division I, and has an overall record of 988–660–4 () as of the end of the 2021 season.
History
Upon Troy University's athletics moving all sports to the NCAA's Division I in 1993, the Troy softball program was started that same year and officially began their first season in 1994 under head coach Melanie Davis. Under Davis' leadership, the program immediately became a competitive softball program, finishing their first season in Division I with a 40–13 record, including a 4–3 win over an already prominent program in Georgia Tech.
In just Troy's third season of playing softball (1996), the team managed to make history by winning their first ever conference title and receiving a bid to play in an NCAA Regional. The team finished the season with a 47–22–1 record, winning the Mid-Continent Conference tournament title. The Lady Trojans would receive a bid to play in the NCAA Play-In Series versus Southeast Missouri State, where they would sweep the Redhawks by scores of 3–2 and 1–0. The ladies would then receive a bid to play in the NCAA West Regional as the #4 seed. In their first game against Arizona, the Trojans were outmatched, losing 0–8 to the Wildcats. The Trojans were knocked out of the tournament after dropping a heartbreaker in the Regional's elimination game against South Florida, 5–6.
Melanie Davis would resign as head coach of Troy at the end of the 2014 season, compiling a 780–506–4 record. Under Davis' direction, her Trojans defeated many Top 25 teams and other prominent programs, including Florida State, Louisiana, Auburn, Georgia Tech, Nebraska, Michigan, Ole Miss, and Penn State.
In 2015, Beth Mullins was hired as head coach where she led the Trojans to 208 victories in her eight seasons, 30 or more wins in the last three seasons, and a trip to the 2021 NCAA Tournament, a first in 25 years. Mullins abruptly resigned in March 2022 following medical issues. Assistants Taylor Smartt and Holly Ward finished the season at the helm of the program. On June 2, Troy hired Auburn–Montgomery head coach Eric Newell as the program's third head coach. Newell led the Warhawks to three top 5 finishes in the NCAA Division II and 302 victories with the program.
Coaches
Attendance Records
NCAA Top 50 Attendance
Highest Game Attendance
Below is a list of Troy's top single-game attendance records.
Facilities
The place the Trojans call home is the Troy Softball Complex, built in 2002 on the campus of Troy University. In 2014, the entire complex underwent a $3 million renovation project. The official seating capacity was expanded to 800, with 120 of the seats being chairback seating. The Dodds Center was also built in 2014 during the renovation, which is an 8,000 sq. ft. state-of-the-art facility that houses coaches offices, player lounge, locker rooms, athletic training rooms, pitching area, and indoor batting cages.
Additionally, the natural grass playing surface was replaced and ProGrass artificial turf was installed in the outfield. The press box and coaches offices were completely renovated and modernized. The Troy Softball Complex saw an upgrade to the seating areas and a large patio was installed over the visitor's dugout.
Wins vs. Top 25
Troy has collected 24 wins versus Top 25 ranked competition during the program's relatively short existence.
All rankings from NFCA Coaches' Poll
Yearly Results
Championships
1996 – Mid-Continent Conference Tournament Champions
1999 – Atlantic Sun Conference West Division Champions
2005 – Atlantic Sun Conference Regular Season Champions
NCAA Regional Results
References
Elymus californicus is a species of wild rye known by the common name California bottlebrush grass. This grass is endemic to California where it is an uncommon species known from a few counties in the San Francisco Bay Area. It grows between one and two meters in height. The tall, erect stem is nearly naked, bearing the occasional sheathing leaf with a blade 10 to 20 centimeters long. It bears an erect inflorescence which curves as it becomes heavier in grain. Each inflorescence is divided into three or four nodes with three or four spikelets per node. Each spikelet is between one and two centimeters long, not counting a long awn about two centimeters long.
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
Photo gallery
Native grasses of California
californicus
Endemic flora of California
Endemic flora of the San Francisco Bay Area
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
William Downey may refer to:
William Downey (1829–1915), Victorian studio photographer, see W. & D. Downey
William Downey (Medal of Honor) (1832–1909), Irish soldier who fought in the American Civil War
The men's high jump event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, United States, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 22 and 24 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Qualifications
22 Jul
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 31 athletes from 23 countries participated in the event.
References
High jump
High jump at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Kudagu (; Dargwa: Ккудау) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Kudaginsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 561 as of 2010. There are 7 streets.
Geography
Kudagu is located 12 km southeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Zilbachi and Zubanchi are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Thomas Wright (18 December 1924 – 2 May 1990) was a Scottish rugby union and rugby league footballer.
Rugby union
Wright was born in Hawick. He was capped once for in 1947. He also played for Hawick RFC.
Rugby league
Wright transferred to Leeds in 1948–1949.
He later played for the Scotland national rugby league team.
References
Footnotes
External links
Statistics at espnscrum.com
1924 births
1990 deaths
Dual-code rugby internationals
Hawick RFC players
Leeds Rhinos players
Rugby league players from Hawick
Rugby union players from Hawick
Scotland international rugby union players
Scotland national rugby league team players
Scottish rugby league players
Scottish rugby union players
Ophthalmitis satoi is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Jeremy Daniel Holloway in 1993. It is found in Borneo.
Its wingspan is 26–29 mm.
External links
Boarmiini
Pseudocellus mitchelli is an arachnid species in the order Ricinulei. It is endemic to caves in Durango, Mexico. The specific epithet is a tribute to cave biology specialist Robert W. Mitchell.
References
Gertsch, 1971 : Three new ricinuleids from Mexican caves (Arachnida, Ricinulei). Association for Mexican Cave Studies bulletin, n. 4, p. 127-135
Animals described in 1971
Ricinulei
Cave arachnids
Endemic fauna of Mexico
Arthropods of Mexico
All Smiles are the third full-length album by metalcore band Sworn In. It was released via Fearless Records on 30 June 2017.
The record is the last to include vocalist Tyler Dennen, following his second leaving from the band, which occurred in June 2018 (almost a full year after this album's release).
Sound
All Smiles are a notable departure from the band's "moshable" metalcore style that Sworn In were known for on their previous records. The album instead draws more on eccentric influences such as nu metal, noise and dark ambient.
Track listing
Personnel
Sworn In
Tyler Dennen – vocals
Eugene Kamlyuk – guitar
Derek Bolman – bass
Chris George – drums
Production
Kris Crummett
References
2017 albums
Sworn In (band) albums
Fearless Records albums
Albums produced by Kris Crummett
Bandwagonesque is the third album by Scottish alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub, released in November 1991 on Creation Records. The album gave the band substantial US success when the single "Star Sign" reached number four on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart, becoming their biggest hit in that country, with "What You Do to Me" and "The Concept" also becoming top 20 hits on that chart. Bandwagonesque was voted 'album of the year' for 1991 by American music magazine Spin, famously beating Nirvana's landmark album Nevermind. It was voted number 386 in Colin Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums 3rd Edition (2000).
Background and recording
Teenage Fanclub released their debut album, A Catholic Education, in 1990 on small independent label Paperhouse, and followed it up with the God Knows Its True EP before signing with Creation Records.
Following an encounter with Don Fleming at CBGB's in New York City, in March 1991 Teenage Fanclub started recording at Amazon Studios in Liverpool, with Fleming as producer. Fleming encouraged the band to work on adding vocal harmonies, claiming that not many of their contemporaries were doing so.
The album's release was preceded by The King, an album of covers and outtakes recorded using leftover studio tie from the Bandwagonesque sessions.
Reception
The liner notes to the 2009 Big Star box set Keep an Eye on the Sky said that Bandwagonesque was "... an album so in thrall to Chilton, Bell, and company that some critics had taken to calling it "Big Star's 4th."
Legacy
In 2006 the album was performed live in its entirety as part of the Tomorrow's Parties-curated Don't Look Back series. In 2013, NME ranked it at number 115 in its list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
"The Concept" was also featured prominently in the 2011 film Young Adult. "What You Do To Me" was featured in the 2013 film The World's End and on its soundtrack album.
On July 28, 2017, Benjamin Gibbard of Death Cab for Cutie released Bandwagonesque, an album covering all twelve tracks of the original 1991 release. He noted that it was "[his] favorite record by [his] favorite band of all time."
Cover art
The cover is designed by Sharon Fitzgerald. When Kiss member Gene Simmons, who had trademarked the logo of a moneybag with dollar symbol, was made aware of the record he sent a letter to Geffen Records, who in turn gave in and sent Simmons a cheque, according to Simmons's book Sex Money Kiss.
Track listing
Personnel
Teenage Fanclub
Norman Blake – vocals, guitar, bass on "Is This Music?"
Gerard Love – vocals, bass, guitar on "Is This Music?"
Raymond McGinley – guitar, vocals on "I Don't Know"
Brendan O'Hare – drums, vocals on "Sidewinder"
Additional musicians
Joseph McAlinden – brass and strings
Don Fleming – occasional guitar and vocals
Dave Buchanan – handclaps
Technical
Don Fleming – production
Teenage Fanclub – production, arrangements
Paul Chisholm – production, engineering
Keith Hartley – engineer
Dave Buchanan – assistant engineering
George Peckham – mastering
Sharon Fitzgerald – cover design, photography
References
Teenage Fanclub albums
1991 albums
Albums produced by Don Fleming (musician)
Creation Records albums
Jangle pop albums
Noise pop albums
Whin Rigg is a fell in the English Lake District, situated in the western segment of the national park, 22 kilometres south east of the town of Whitehaven. It reaches only a modest altitude of 535 m (1,755 ft) but is part of one of the Lake District's most dramatic landscapes in that the rugged and impressive Wastwater Screes (also known as "The Screes") fall from the fells summit to Wast Water over 450 m (1,500 ft) below. The fell's name means “gorse covered ridge” and originates from the Old Norse words “Hvin” meaning gorse and “Hryggr” meaning Ridge.
Topography and Geology
Whin Rigg is linked to the adjoining fell of Illgill Head, just 1.5 kilometres away at the northern end of The Screes by a path that gives precipitous views down to Wast Water.
The Screes are a Site of Special Scientific Interest and are regarded as a classic geological locality and one of the best and most famous examples of screes in Britain. The escarpment and screes are made up of hard wearing Borrowdale Volcanics rock, however there are areas of less resistant rock which have been eroded and this has led to deep gullies in the cliff face. The cliffs around the summit of Whin Rigg take the form of vertical rock buttresses which are split by the huge Great Gully and C Gully which give precipitous views of Wast Water. The gullies are spectacular but are a no-go area for walkers, Great Gully has seventeen near vertical pitches and the remains of an aeroplane within it.
Apart from The Screes, Whin Rigg has another fine geological feature in Greathall Gill. This is a granite ravine which rises up the fell from where the River Irt flows out of Wast Water to the 400 metre mark on the fell to the south west of the summit. The lower section of the ravine in steep sided and wooded and support a range of mosses, ferns and herbs including Common wood sorrel, Chrysosplenium oppositifolium (opposite leaved golden saxifrage) and great wood rush.
Ascents
The path on the eastern side of Greathall Gill has developed into a popular way up the fell from Nether Wasdale and has become eroded in recent years, it is being monitored so any worsening of the situation can be reversed.
Whin Rigg can be climbed either from Nether Wasdale in Wasdale or Eskdale Green in Eskdale using the bridleway which links the two places to attain the western ridge of the fell, there are then 230 metres of ascent up the ridge to reach the summit. Walkers starting from the Wasdale side can also use the footpath by Greathall Gill as already mentioned.
Summit
The highlight of the summit panorama is the view down to Wast Water, and there are good views of the coastal plain and the Isle of Man.
Panorama
References
Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells, Southern Fells, Alfred Wainwright
Complete Lakeland Fells, Bill Birkett
SSSI Information
Fell names of the Lake District
Fells of the Lake District
Borough of Copeland
Pelonaia is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Pelonaia include:
Pelonaia corrugata Goodsir & Forbes, 1841
Pelonaia quadrivena Monniot, 2011
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Pelonaia arenifera Stimpson, 1851: synonym of Pelonaia corrugata Goodsir & Forbes, 1841
Pelonaia glabra Forbes & Goodsir, 1841: synonym of Pelonaia corrugata Goodsir & Forbes, 1841
Pelonaia villosa Sars, 1859: synonym of Pelonaia corrugata Goodsir & Forbes, 1841
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
This is a list of the busiest airports by passenger traffic in Latin America since 2008.
In graph
2022
Latin America 25 busiest airports by passenger traffic (JAN-AUG)
2021
Latin America 25 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2020
Latin America 25 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2019
Latin America 25 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2018
Latin America 25 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2017
Latin America 15 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2016
Latin America 15 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2015
Latin America 10 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2014
Latin America 10 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2013
Latin America 10 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2012
Latin America 20 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2011
Latin America 20 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2010
Latin America 20 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2009
Latin America 20 busiest airports by passenger traffic
2008
Latin America 15 busiest airports by passenger traffic
See also
List of the busiest airports in Mexico
List of the busiest airports in Central America
List of the busiest airports in the Caribbean
List of the busiest airports in South America
References
Latin America
Latin America-related lists
de:Liste der Verkehrsflughäfen in Südamerika
pt:Lista dos aeroportos mais movimentados da América Latina
Poraj is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Poraj
Aleksandr Nikolayevich Berketov (; 24 December 1975 – 1 June 2022) was a Russian professional football player and coach.
Club career
Berketov made his professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 1992 for Tekstilshchik-d Kamyshin. He played one game for the main Tekstilshchik Kamyshin squad in the Russian Cup.
Honours
Rotor Volgograd
Russian Premier League: runner-up 1997, third place 1996
Russian Cup: finalist 1995
CSKA Moscow
Russian Premier League: runner-up 2002
Russian Cup: 2002
Individual
Top 33 year-end best players list: 1996, 1997
European club competitions
UEFA Cup 1994–95 with FC Rotor Volgograd: 1 game.
UEFA Cup 1995–96 with FC Rotor Volgograd: 3 games.
UEFA Intertoto Cup 1996 with FC Rotor Volgograd: 5 games, 1 goal.
UEFA Cup 1997–98 with FC Rotor Volgograd: 6 games, 2 goals.
UEFA Cup 1998–99 with FC Rotor Volgograd: 2 games.
UEFA Cup 2002–03 with PFC CSKA Moscow: 1 game.
References
1975 births
2022 deaths
Sportspeople from Volgograd
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
Russia under-21 international footballers
Russia youth international footballers
FC Tekstilshchik Kamyshin players
FC Rotor Volgograd players
Russian Premier League players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Russian football managers
Ángel Maximiliano Puertas (born 23 January 1980 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football defender. He currently plays for Club Atlético Platense of the Argentine Third Division.
External links
Ángel Maximiliano Puertas - Argentine Primera statistics at Fútbol XXI
Ángel Puertas at BDFA.com.ar
1980 births
Living people
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
San Lorenzo de Almagro footballers
Club Almagro players
Club Atlético Belgrano footballers
Club Atlético Los Andes footballers
San Martín de San Juan footballers
Club Atlético Platense footballers
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
Club Atlético Independiente footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Norvell may refer to:
Congo Norvell, musical group
Norvell (name)
Norvell House, Seattle, Washington
Norvell Township, Michigan
USCGC Margaret Norvell, ship
The R614 road is a regional road in Ireland, located in County Cork.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Cork
Ed Genung was an American actor of the silent era notable for being the first actor to play David Copperfield on film - in David Copperfield (1911) and one of the earliest to play Ferdinand on film - in The Tempest (1911).
Born as Edward Genung, he worked in various films for the Thanhouser Company in 1911. In the summer of 1912 he was appearing in films for the Bison Company, while by 1914 he was acting with the Lubin Manufacturing Company.
Genung's other film roles include: Phil Nelson - the Messenger's Brother in Messenger No. 845 (1914); Dick in Dick's Turning (1913); Don in Her First Choice (1912); David Copperfield in The Loves of David Copperfield (1911); The Prizefighter / Aviator in The Higher the Fewer (1911), and The Country Boy in Little Old New York (1911).
References
External links
Ed Genung on Internet Movie Database
1880s births
Year of death missing
20th-century American male actors
American stage actors
American male silent film actors
American male film actors
The Deschutes Historical Museum is a museum of local history that is located in the historic Reid School in Bend, Oregon. Opened in 1980 and operated by the Deschutes County Historical Society, the museum's exhibits focus on the area's prehistory, Native American tribes, explorers, pioneers, the logging industry, transportation, and the United States Forest Service. Historic items and antiques are displayed to show home and school life in different periods.
The history library is open to the public and a small bookstore features works on Central Oregon history.
The museum is closed on Sundays and Mondays.
References
External links
Deschutes Historical Museum - official site
History museums in Oregon
Historical society museums in Oregon
Museums in Deschutes County, Oregon
Buildings and structures in Bend, Oregon
Culture of Bend, Oregon
Tourist attractions in Bend, Oregon
1980 establishments in Oregon
Museums established in 1980
"(Are You) The One That I've Been Waiting For?" is the second single from the album The Boatman's Call by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. The single, released on May 19, 1997, was pressed on 7" and 12" vinyl, as well as a standard CD single, though the song failed to chart anywhere except the U.K., where it only made it to #67. A promotional music video for the song was also recorded.
Background and history
The song, like many on The Boatman's Call, seems to reflect on Nick Cave's personal relationships and spiritual yearnings at the time of writing. This song in particular is widely speculated to either be a love song or directed at either the mother of Cave's son Luke, Viviane Carneiro, or PJ Harvey, with whom Cave had a brief relationship prior to the album's recording and release.
A line from the song that states, "there's a man who spoke wonders / I've never met him / he said, 'he who seeks finds and who knocks will be let in'", which is an indirect quotation of Matthew 7:8 from The Bible.
Track listing
UK and Australian CD single (Liberation Records, D1626)
"(Are You) The One That I've Been Waiting For?" – 4:06
"Come Into My Sleep" – 3:48
"Black Hair" (band version) – 4:14
"Babe, I Got You Bad" – 3:49
UK 7" single (Mute Records, MUTE 206)
"(Are You) The One That I've Been Waiting For?" – 4:06
"Come Into My Sleep" – 3:48
Music video
Before the single's release, a promotional music video for the song was recorded. The video features the band performing the song in a small church hall.
Cover versions
A version in Swedish, (Är du) den som jag har väntat på? appears on album Vid Grinden by Georga.
References
Nick Cave songs
Songs written by Nick Cave
1997 songs
Mute Records singles
Route 380 or Highway 380 may refer to:
Canada
New Brunswick Route 380
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 380
Japan
Japan National Route 380
United States
Interstate 380
U.S. Route 380
Arizona State Route 380 (cancelled proposal)
Arkansas Highway 380
Georgia State Route 380
Louisiana Highway 380
Maryland Route 380
New York State Route 380 (former)
Ohio State Route 380
Oregon Route 380
Pennsylvania Route 380
Puerto Rico Highway 380
Tennessee State Route 380
George Keppa is a professional rugby league footballer who plays on the for Brisbane Norths in Australia. He is a Papua New Guinea international.
He has been named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He has been named in the PNG squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
References
External links
Living people
Australian people of Papua New Guinean descent
North Devils players
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team players
Papua New Guinean rugby league players
Rugby league wingers
Year of birth missing (living people)
The West Enfield Dam, also known as the Stanford Dam, is a hydroelectric dam on the Penobscot River just above its confluence with the Piscataquis River between the towns of Enfield and Howland in Penobscot County, Maine, USA.The dam actually traverses a thin strip of the territory of the Penobscot Indian Island Reservation. The dam has a fish passage. Its power plant has an 11.4 MW installed capacity.
References
Dams in Maine
Buildings and structures in Penobscot County, Maine
Hydroelectric power plants in Maine
Dams completed in 1894
Holme is a hamlet located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England.
The settlement is close to Edworth and Langford. The nearest town to Holme is Biggleswade.
Hamlets in Bedfordshire
Central Bedfordshire District
Michał Twaróg of Bystrzyków (; ) (c. 1450–1520) was a Polish philosopher and theologian of the early 16th century.
Life
Michał Twaróg studied at Paris in 1473–77, during the period when, following the anathematization of the Nominalists (1473), the Scotist school of philosophy enjoyed its greatest triumphs there. He brought Scotism to Poland and taught at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków from 1485, serving as its rector in 1513–14.
Twaróg was the author of many works of philosophy and theology revered by contemporary historians. As the abbot of the collegiate church in Wojnicz (1497–1520) he supported financially the functioning of the local hospital. A prominent student of Twaróg was Jan of Stobnica (c.1470–1519), a moderate Scotist, professor at the same Jagiellonian University (Kraków Academy) between 1498 and 1514, who took account also of the theories of the Ockhamists, Thomists and Humanists.
See also
List of Poles
Notes
References
George J. Lerski, Jerzy Jan Lerski, Piotr Wróbel, Richard J. Kozicki, Historical dictionary of Poland, 966-1945 Published by Greenwood Publishing Group. Page 221
Wirtualna Polska, Encyklopedia, Michał z Bystrzykowa
Edward H. Lewinski-Corwin, The Political History of Poland, University of California, San Diego. Copyright, 1917.
Miasto i Gmina Wojnicz, official website, ZASŁUŻENI WOJNICZANIE
External links
Works by Michał Twaróg of Bystrzyków in digital library Polona
University of Paris alumni
Jagiellonian University faculty
1450s births
1520 deaths
16th-century Polish philosophers
Idaho Legislative District 9 is one of 35 districts of the Idaho Legislature. It is currently represented by Abby Lee, Republican of Fruitland, Ryan Kerby, Republican of New Plymouth, and Judy Boyle, Republican of Midvale.
District profile (1992–2002)
From 1992 to 2002, District 9 consisted of all of Payette and Washington Counties and a portion of Gem County.
District profile (2002–2012)
From 2002 to 2012, District 9 consisted of all of Adams, Payette, and Washington Counties and a portion of Canyon County.
District profile (2012–2022)
District 9 currently consists of all of Adams, Payette, and Washington Counties and a portion of Canyon County.
District profile (2022–)
In December 2022, District 9 will consist of all of Payette and Washington Counties and a portion of Canyon County.
See also
List of Idaho Senators
List of Idaho State Representatives
References
External links
Idaho Legislative District Map (with members)
Idaho Legislature (official site)
09
Adams County, Idaho
Payette County, Idaho
Washington County, Idaho
Canyon County, Idaho
Gibil Gabib (also referred to as Gibil Habib) is an archaeological site located about 5 km south of Caltanissetta, on a mountain on the island of Sicily.
Excavations were first undertaken in the area in the middle of the 19th century and were reprised with great enthusiasm in the 1950s by the archaeologist Dinu Adameșteanu. They came to an end in 1984.
In those undertaken in the middle of the 20th century, remains dating to the 6th century BC were brought to light, including parts of the city walls and some ceramic objects of the Bronze Age Castelluccio culture, while the 1980s excavations revealed a defensive tower from the middle of the 6th century BC. These discoveries were of great significance, because they helped to clarify the course of the city wall discovered almost thirty years earlier.
Objects discovered in the excavations include vases, objects for everyday use, plates and lamps, as well as a terracotta statue of a female divinity and the terracotta head, which demonstrate the existence of various spaces dedicated to religious cult. At the base of the mountain there is a necropolis, where Siceliote red-figure pottery was found.
The key characteristics of the site are:
Traces of settlement in the prehistoric period
Traces of indigenous settlement in the 7th century BC. Subsequently, these inhabited areas show Greek influence and in the next century, a fortification system was built which enclosed a sacred building from the early 6th century BC.
Two necropoleis located at the base of the mountain, where Siceliote red-figure pottery was found.
Objects for everyday use found in the inhabited area, and evidence for the existence of a religious cult indicated by a statue of a female deity.
Gallery
Images of objects from Gibil Gabib:
External links
.
Bibliography
N. G. Brancato, Recenti rinvenimenti di insediamenti umani dal IV millennio a. C. all'epoca romana nel centro-Sicilia, pp. 32–41
Archaeological sites in the province of Caltanissetta
Archaeological sites in Sicily
Kingsview Village is a neighbourhood in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located in the north end of the former city of Etobicoke, and is bounded on the north by Highway 401, on the east by the Humber River and St. Phillips Road, on the south by Dixon Road. It is relatively close to Toronto Pearson International Airport in Mississauga, and TTC bus routes connect it to the rest of the city.
Overview
This neighbourhood is home to a multicultural diverse community originally settled by people from the British Isles that contains among others, a sizable Somali population as well as Italian, Asian, South Asian cultures. Its denizens also practice a wide variety of religions, with Islam becoming more prevalent.
In many cases, single family homes built in the 1950s and 1960s have been demolished, their generous sized lots subdivided to allow up to three homes on a parcel of land where one initially stood. Smaller homes may be razed in favor of constructing a much larger home, in a trend known as "monster homes".
Kingsview is a name that was given to the residential development north of Dixon Road, in the 1950s, on the site of land owned by Ernest Byworth. The name 'Kingsview' is a reference to the neighbourhood's position on high ground. Kingsview Village is home to several parks (Blackfriar, Dixon, Fairhaven and Kingsview). The Free Methodist Kingsview Church and Westown Shopping Centre are also situated here.
Education
Two public school boards operate elementary schools in the Kingsview Village, the secular Toronto District School Board (TDSB), and the separate school board, the Toronto Catholic District School Board (TCDSB). Elementary schools in Kingsview Village include:
Kingsview Village Junior School is a public elementary school operated by TDSB. It is located close to the intersection of Dixon Road and Islington Avenue. Kingsview Village was opened on December 16, 1956.
St Maurice Catholic Elementary School, is a public elementary separate school operated by TCDSB.
References
External links
City of Toronto - Kingsview Village-The Westway Neighbourhood Profile
Neighbourhoods in Toronto
Etobicoke
In physics, in particular in special relativity and general relativity, a four-velocity is a four-vector in four-dimensional spacetime that represents the relativistic counterpart of velocity, which is a three-dimensional vector in space.
Physical events correspond to mathematical points in time and space, the set of all of them together forming a mathematical model of physical four-dimensional spacetime. The history of an object traces a curve in spacetime, called its world line. If the object has mass, so that its speed is necessarily less than the speed of light, the world line may be parametrized by the proper time of the object. The four-velocity is the rate of change of four-position with respect to the proper time along the curve. The velocity, in contrast, is the rate of change of the position in (three-dimensional) space of the object, as seen by an observer, with respect to the observer's time.
The value of the magnitude of an object's four-velocity, i.e. the quantity obtained by applying the metric tensor to the four-velocity , that is , is always equal to , where is the speed of light. Whether the plus or minus sign applies depends on the choice of metric signature. For an object at rest its four-velocity is parallel to the direction of the time coordinate with . A four-velocity is thus the normalized future-directed timelike tangent vector to a world line, and is a contravariant vector. Though it is a vector, addition of two four-velocities does not yield a four-velocity: the space of four-velocities is not itself a vector space.
Velocity
The path of an object in three-dimensional space (in an inertial frame) may be expressed in terms of three spatial coordinate functions xi(t) of time t, where i is an index which takes values 1, 2, 3.
The three coordinates form the 3d position vector, written as a column vector
The components of the velocity (tangent to the curve) at any point on the world line are
Each component is simply written
Theory of relativity
In Einstein's theory of relativity, the path of an object moving relative to a particular frame of reference is defined by four coordinate functions xμ(τ), where μ is a spacetime index which takes the value 0 for the timelike component, and 1, 2, 3 for the spacelike coordinates. The zeroth component is defined as the time coordinate multiplied by c,
Each function depends on one parameter τ called its proper time. As a column vector,
Time dilation
From time dilation, the differentials in coordinate time t and proper time τ are related by
where the Lorentz factor,
is a function of the Euclidean norm u of the 3d velocity vector :
Definition of the four-velocity
The four-velocity is the tangent four-vector of a timelike world line.
The four-velocity at any point of world line is defined as:
where is the four-position and is the proper time.
The four-velocity defined here using the proper time of an object does not exist for world lines for massless objects such as photons travelling at the speed of light; nor is it defined for tachyonic world lines, where the tangent vector is spacelike.
Components of the four-velocity
The relationship between the time t and the coordinate time x0 is defined by
Taking the derivative of this with respect to the proper time τ, we find the Uμ velocity component for μ = 0:
and for the other 3 components to proper time we get the Uμ velocity component for μ = 1, 2, 3:
where we have used the chain rule and the relationships
Thus, we find for the four-velocity :
Written in standard four-vector notation this is:
where is the temporal component and is the spatial component.
In terms of the synchronized clocks and rulers associated with a particular slice of flat spacetime, the three spacelike components of four-velocity define a traveling object's proper velocity i.e. the rate at which distance is covered in the reference map frame per unit proper time elapsed on clocks traveling with the object.
Unlike most other four-vectors, the four-velocity has only 3 independent components instead of 4. The factor is a function of the three-dimensional velocity .
When certain Lorentz scalars are multiplied by the four-velocity, one then gets new physical four-vectors that have 4 independent components.
For example:
Four-momentum: , where is the mass
Four-current density: , where is the charge density
Effectively, the factor combines with the Lorentz scalar term to make the 4th independent component
and
Magnitude
Using the differential of the four-position in the rest frame, the magnitude of the four-velocity can be obtained:
in short, the magnitude of the four-velocity for any object is always a fixed constant:
In a moving frame, the same norm is:
so that:
which reduces to the definition of the Lorentz factor.
See also
Four-acceleration
Four-momentum
Four-force
Four-gradient
Algebra of physical space
Congruence (general relativity)
Hyperboloid model
Rapidity
Remarks
References
Four-vectors
"There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)" is a song by the British musical duo Eurythmics, released as the second single from their fifth studio album, Be Yourself Tonight (1985). It features a harmonica solo by American musician Stevie Wonder. The song became a worldwide success; most notably in Ireland, Norway and the United Kingdom, where it remains the duo's only chart-topper.
The song has been covered by several musical artists, including Brittany Murphy, Fantastic Plastic Machine, Leningrad Cowboys, Luciano Pavarotti, Kylie Minogue, Jessica G. Pilnäs and German girl group No Angels, who obtained their second number-one single in Austria and Germany with their rendition for the reissue of their album Elle'ments in August 2001.
Original version
Upon its release, "There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)" became Eurythmics' first (and to date only) number-one single in the United Kingdom, reaching number one on 27 July 1985, whilst also topping the charts in Finland, Ireland and Norway. The song also reached the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, the Netherlands and Sweden, while peaking at number 22 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Reception
Cash Box said that the "Annie Lennox harmonies, slick Dave Stewart production work and Stevie Wonder's incredible harmonica" were highlights of the song. Billboard similarly praised Wonder's harmonica bridge and Lenox's "absolutely happy" lead vocals.
Music video
The music video for "There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)", directed by Eddie Arno and Mark Innocenti, was shot at New Wimbledon Theatre in London in June 1985. It portrays the times of Louis XIII of France (David A. Stewart) being entertained while watching a theatre performance of singing angels (one of which is played by Steven O'Donnell).
Track listings
7-inch single
A. "There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)" (7″ edit) - 4:36
B. "Grown Up Girls" - 4:17
12-inch single
A. "There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)" (LP version) - 5:22
B. "Grown Up Girls" - 4:17
12-inch single (Special Dance Mix)
A. "There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)" (Special Dance Mix) - 6:20
B. "Grown Up Girls" - 4:17
Credits and personnel
Eurythmics
Annie Lennox – vocals, keyboards
David A. Stewart – keyboards
Additional personnel
Stevie Wonder – harmonica
Michael Kamen – strings
Dean Garcia – bass guitar
Olle Romo – drums
Richard Cross – backing vocals
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
No Angels version
Recording and release
In mid-2001, producers Patrik Majer, Ulf Leo Sommer, and Rosenstolz member Peter Plate consulted on a contemporary version of the track, recorded by German girl band No Angels. Suggested for re-recording by band manager Joy Behar, the Eurythmics song was one of a couple of tracks considered to be remade by the quintet, but was eventually picked when the producers of the animated feature agreed to accept the track as film's theme song. "We were speechless and very happy about [the decision]. The animated movie was a world premiere and something really big for us. We immediately said 'yes'," Lucy Diakovska said in an interview. Sandy Mölling noted, that the song was an all-time favourite of the band: "I liked Annie Lennox' voice ever since I can remember." However, in a 2005 interview, Vanessa Petruo revealed her discontent with the song, calling it the "most unnecessary" of all cover versions the band had released between the years of 2001 and 2003.
"There Must Be an Angel" premiered on 9 July 2001, on the RTL Berlin radio network, receiving a positive reception from music critics, and on 17 July 2001 a preview was available on-demand in its entirety on the band's official website. Finally released as the band's third single on 12 August 2001 in German-speaking Europe, the original CD single spawned both an unplugged and an orchestral version, latter featuring music by the Deutsches Filmorchester Babelsberg. The record was subsequently included on the Special Winter Edition reissue of the Elle'ments album (2001). "There Must Be an Angel" was awarded for "Top Single Germany" at the 2001 Top of the Pops Awards.
Commercial performance
The group's first non-album release following "Daylight in Your Eyes" and "Rivers of Joy", the single debuted at number one on the German Singles Chart, staying at the top for five consecutive weeks, 12 weeks in the top 40, and 17 weeks inside the top 60. "There Must Be an Angel" was eventually certified gold by the Bundesverband Musikindustrie (BVMI) for more than 250,000 shipped copies and ranked 13th on the 2001 year-end chart in Germany.
In Austria, the single opened at number eight on the Ö3 Austria Top 40 singles chart. However, it was not until 23 September 2001, the song's fifth week of release, "There Must Be an Angel" eventually climbed to the top spot. It remained another week at number one and spent 21 weeks within the top 60 of the chart, ranking 19th on the Austrian year-end chart in 2001. In Switzerland, the single debuted at number 36 on the Swiss Singles Chart. Benefiting from strong airplay, the song reached number two in its third week of release, becoming No Angels' second highest-charting single there to date. As in Germany, "There Must Be an Angel" was certified gold by the Swiss arm of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) and ranked 21 on the Swiss year-end chart. In Poland, "There Must Be an Angel" reached number 29 on the Polish Airplay Chart.
Music video
The music video for "There Must Be an Angel" was directed by Jörn Heitmann and filmed near the General-Steinhof-Kaserne at the Gatow Airport in Berlin-Spandau, Germany, on 19 July 2001. Inspired by Tony Scott's 1986 film Top Gun, the clip features the quintet as fighter pilots of the fictional US military squadron 68 at an also-fictional airbase in Angelville, United States. Additionally, it incorporates a 1940s World War II theme, heavily inspired by performances of Marilyn Monroe, The Andrews Sisters and others during their USO shows. Among the aircraft shown in the video are MiG-21s, a B-57 Canberra, an F-104 Starfighter and a Dassault Mystère. "There Must Be an Angel" world premiered in early August 2001 on television, but was temporarily banned from music networks due to its military theme, following the 11 September 2001 attacks.
Track listings
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of the Special Winter Edition of Elle'ments.
Vocals: N. Benaissa, L. Diakovska, S. Mölling, V. Petruo, J. Wahls
Writers: Patrik Majer, Peter Plate, Ulf Leo Sommer
Mixing and recording: Patrik "El Pattino" Majer
Mastering: Michael Schwabe
Keyboards and programming: P. Majer
Additional keyboards: Peter Plate
Guitars: Peter Weihe
Strings: The Hamburg Strings
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Other cover versions
In 1996, Brittany Murphy covered the song in the television film Double Jeopardy.
In 1997, Finnish parody rock band Leningrad Cowboys recorded a cover for their 1997 album Mongolian Barbeque.
In 1998, Fantastic Plastic Machine covered the song on his second album Luxury.
In 2001, German singer/band leader Max Raabe and Palast Orchester covered the song in cabaret/big band style for his Super Hits album.
In 2009, Brazilian artist Fernanda Takai included a version for her solo Luz Negra album.
In 2011, Kylie Minogue covered the song for her Aphrodite Les Folies Tour.
In 2012, French singer Louisy Joseph covered the song on her second album Ma Radio.
References
1985 singles
1985 songs
1997 singles
2001 singles
Eurythmics songs
Gospel songs
Irish Singles Chart number-one singles
No Angels songs
Number-one singles in Austria
Number-one singles in Finland
Number-one singles in Germany
Number-one singles in Norway
Polydor Records singles
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Annie Lennox
Songs written by David A. Stewart
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
Anne Bartsch (born 22 September 1995) is a German ice hockey player for the Eisbären Juniors Berlin and the German national team.
She participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
German women's ice hockey forwards
German expatriate ice hockey people
German expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
People from Zittau
Sportspeople from Saxony
Papua New Guinea competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's track
Women's track
Joyleen Jeffrey was the opening ceremonies flag bearer for Papua New Guinea.
Broadcasting
No broadcaster had the rights to the Games in Papua New Guinea. The Games were available via live streaming on the International Paralympic Committee website.
See also
Papua New Guinea at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Papua New Guinean sport
Palomar 6 is a loose globular cluster in the constellation Ophiuchus that belongs to the Milky Way galaxy. It is a member of the Palomar Globular Clusters group. It is located about 25,000 light-years (7,700 parsecs) away from the Sun. It formed in what would become the bulge of the Milky Way. It is similar to other old-bulge globular clusters such as Messier 62, NGC 6522, NGC 6558, and Haute-Provence 1.
First discovered on the National Geographic Society – Palomar Observatory Sky Survey plates by Robert G. Harrington and Fritz Zwicky,
it was catalogued as a globular cluster, and is one of four globulars known to contain a planetary nebula.
References
External links
Simbad reference data
SEDS: Palomar 6, Capricornus Dwarf
Palomar 06
Ophiuchus (constellation)
•
?
Tyson George Gordon (born 31 January 1982) is a Jamaican-born Canadian cricket player. Gordon is left-handed batsman who bowls right-arm fast-medium, and who currently plays international cricket for Canada. He was born in Saint Mary, Jamaica.
Gordon played a single List A match for his native Jamaica against the touring South Africans in May 2005. In his maiden List A match he scored 70 runs before being dismissed by Shaun Pollock. This was the highest score in the Jamaican innings. He later moved to Canada and made his senior debut for Canada against Trinidad and Tobago in the 2010 Caribbean Twenty20. Gordon played in the following season's competition, playing all of Canada's fixtures in the tournament. Tyson was selected as part of Canada's 2011 ICC Cricket World Cup squad, having only qualified to play international cricket days before the tournament.
Gordon made his One Day International and List A debut for Canada against Sri Lanka at the Mahinda Rajapaksa International Stadium. Gordon made 4 runs from 10 balls in the match, being dismissed by Nuwan Kulasekara. This set the picture for a disappointing tournament with the bat for Gordon, with his average after four ODI's just 5.75.
References
External links
Tyson Gordon at ESPNcricinfo
Tyson Gordon at CricketArchive
1982 births
Living people
People from Saint Mary Parish, Jamaica
Jamaican emigrants to Canada
Jamaican cricketers
Canadian cricketers
Canada One Day International cricketers
Canada Twenty20 International cricketers
Cricketers at the 2011 Cricket World Cup
Jamaica cricketers
Avelinópolis is a municipality in eastern Goiás state, Brazil.
Communications and Location
The distance to the regional center of (Anicuns)is 26 km. Highway connections from the state capital are made by state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia, through Trindade, Santa Bárbara de Goiás, and then 25 kilometers northwest to Avelinópolis. Neighboring municipalities are Santa Bárbara de Goiás, Anicuns, Nazário, Araçu, and Americano do Brasil.
Demographic and Political Data
Population density: 14.48 inhabitants/km2 (2007)
Population growth rate 2000/2007: -0,77.%
Urban population in 2007: 1,804
Rural population in 2007: 571 (In 1980 the rural population was greater than the urban: 1,449 rural and 1,238 urban.)
Eligible voters: 2,717(12/2007)
City government in 2005: mayor (Waltenir Peixoto de Miranda), vice-mayor (Leonardo Protásio Evangelista da Rocha), and 09 councilmembers
Economy
The main economic activities were cattle raising, agriculture, commerce, and small transformation industries. There was a substantial informal economy. The largest employer was public administration. There were 29,000 head of cattle (8,000 dairy cows) in 2006. The poultry industry was important with over 170,000 chicks registered in 2006. The main agricultural products in 2006 were bananas, coffee, oranges, rice, sugarcane, beans, manioc, corn, and tomatoes.
In 2007 there were 260 automobiles and pickup trucks, giving a ratio of 9 inhabitants for each motor vehicle.
Health and education
Infant mortality in 2000: 23.49
Infant mortality in 1990: 43.64
Hospitals: 01 with 16 beds (2006)
Literacy rate in 2000: 82.8
Schools and Student Enrollment: 2, 709 (2006)
Higher education: none reported for 2007
MHDI: 0.736
State ranking: 121 (out of 242 municipalities)
National ranking: 2,261 (out of 5,507 municipalities)
For the complete list see frigoletto.com.br
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Municipalities in Goiás
Kelvim José Escobar Bolívar (born April 11, 1976) is a Venezuelan former professional baseball pitcher. He played for the Toronto Blue Jays (1997–2003) and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim (2004–2007, 2009). He won 101 games, but his career was cut short by shoulder injuries.
Career
Toronto Blue Jays
Escobar signed as an amateur free agent with the Toronto Blue Jays in 1992. He was rated the 2nd best prospect in the Florida State League in 1996. He was also rated the 4th best prospect in the Blue Jays organization in 1996.
Escobar made his major league debut on June 29, 1997 coming up as a reliever. He was able to save 14 games. For the next five seasons, he was being switched in and out of the bullpen. Over that period he had a record of 42–44 with 40 saves. In 2001, he became second on the Blue Jays all-time single season saves list with 38 saves. The Blue Jays finally established him as a starter in 2003. He started off 5–6 before the All-Star and 8–3 after the All-Star break. He finished the season with a 13–9 record with 159 strikeouts and a 4.29 ERA.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Escobar signed a three-year, $18.75 million contract with the Angels as a free agent before the 2004 season. He was slotted in as the Angels' second starter in 2004 going 11–12 with a 3.93 ERA. In 2005, he was hampered by injuries that allowed him to only start 7 games in 16 appearances. He went 3–2. In 2006, he went 11–14, with a 3.61 ERA. He was resigned to a three-year $28.5 million deal with the Angels. In 2007. his breakout year with the Angels, he went 18–7 with a 3.40 ERA. During spring training of 2008, it was discovered that Escobar had a right shoulder injury that required season-ending surgery. He missed the entire 2008 season and made one start in 2009.
2010–2013
On December 28, 2009, Escobar signed a 1-year contract with the New York Mets. This gave him a $1.25 million base salary, with up to $3 million total in incentives based on games pitched. Escobar tore his capsule in his right shoulder before he threw a pitch for the Mets, and did not appear in any major or minor league games for the franchise.
On January 10, 2013, Escobar signed a minor league contract with the Milwaukee Brewers after a strong showing in the Venezuelan Winter League. Escobar was invited to Spring training, and was released on March 10, 2013, having made only one appearance in the Cactus League. Five days prior, he was diagnosed with a nerve impingement above his right hand that had not shown any improvement up to his release.
Pitching style
Escobar threw a 93–95 mph four-seam fastball, a 90–92 mph two-seamer, and a deceptive 83–85 mph changeup. He had good command of a wide variety of other pitches, including a 79–83 mph curve, and the occasional 86–88 slider or 85–87 mph splitter.
Personal life
Shortstop Alcides Escobar, who played for the Kansas City Royals and as of 2022 plays for the Washington Nationals, is his first cousin.
See also
List of Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
References
External links
, or Retrosheet, or Baseball Reference (Minor and Mexican Leagues), or Pelota Binaria (Venezuelan Winter League)
1976 births
Living people
Anaheim Angels players
Arizona League Angels players
Cardenales de Lara players
Dunedin Blue Jays players
Kelvim
Gulf Coast Blue Jays players
Knoxville Smokies players
Los Angeles Angels players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
Medicine Hat Blue Jays players
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Olmecas de Tabasco players
People from La Guaira
Rancho Cucamonga Quakes players
Salt Lake Bees players
Salt Lake Stingers players
Syracuse SkyChiefs players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in Canada
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the United States
World Baseball Classic players of Venezuela
2006 World Baseball Classic players
Henry Maier Festival Park is a 75-acre festival park located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on the shore Lake Michigan and is the site of the annual Summerfest musical festival and the home of the American Family Insurance Amphitheater.
History
Before Summerfest
In 1927 Maitland Airport was opened. It was one of the city's first airstrips. The airport remained in operation for more than 20 years before it was replaced by a Nike missile installation, established during the height of '50s Cold War tensions. The site was one of eight in the Greater Milwaukee area and hosted both the Nike Ajax and nuclear-capable Nike Hercules missiles as a means of last resort against a possible attack by the Soviet Union. The military installation, along with a radar station at Lake Park, remained in use until 1969 when the Army closed them in an effort to reduce costs.
The land was then sold to the city and became a top possible destination by Summerfest's early leaders, who worried for the fest's future after bad weather caused a poor turnout in its second year. Organizers believed that a centralized location was crucial, and the lakefront site appeared ideal.
In 1970, the Harbor Commission, which took ownership of the land from the Army, constructed a deal and began leasing the site to Summerfest for one dollar a year. The recently formed Summerfest quickly set up makeshift offices from the remaining barracks and the control building.
Summerfest
The history of the Henry Maier Festival Park starts with Summerfest in 1968. The music festival was created that year, and found some success, being held in 35 different locations. The next year, however, was inundated with horrific weather, forcing cancellation of the last day and ensuring financial losses for that year. In 1970 a central location was decided upon: an abandoned strip of land along the lakefront in the downtown area, which was the former Maitland Airport and served as a Nike missile site during the Cold War.
The early Summerfest Grounds consisted of little more than concrete blocks with wooden slabs placed on top to serve as stages, in the middle of a grassy, muddy field. Despite this, the central location was key to the festival's success, ensuring the existence and expansion of the grounds. Construction continued through the 1970s and 1980s, with the highlight of the creation of the Marcus Amphitheater, a 23,000 seat partially covered venues, in 1987.
Festivals
Various ethnic and cultural festivals came to be held at the festival park beginning in the 1980s, as well as several run/walks for charity events.
African World Festival
Arab World Fest
Asian Moon Festival
Festa Italiana
German Fest
Indian Summer Festival
Irish Fest
Labor Fest
Mexican Fiesta
Polish Fest
PrideFest
See also
Summerfest
American Family Insurance Amphitheater
References
External links
Official website
History of Summerfest (including the grounds)
Maitland Airport & Military Reservation details and images
Economy of Milwaukee
Culture of Milwaukee
Landmarks in Wisconsin
Tourism in Wisconsin
Tourist attractions in Milwaukee
Festival venues in the United States
1970 establishments in Wisconsin
Event venues established in 1970
Johannes Henrik Berg (23 September 1797 – 12 September 1886) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1854 and 1857, representing the constituency of Fredriksstad. He worked as both stipendiary magistrate (byfoged) and town clerk (byskriver) in that city. He served those two terms in parliament.
References
1797 births
1886 deaths
Norwegian jurists
Members of the Storting
Østfold politicians
People from Fredrikstad
Godoy Cruz is a central department of Mendoza Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 183,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Godoy Cruz, which is located around from the Capital federal. Its borders are Mendoza Department in the north, Guaymallén in the northeast, Maipú in the southeast, Luján de Cuyo in the south and Las Heras in the southwest and to the west.
The department and its cabecera (head town) are named in honour of Argentine statesman and businessman Tomás Godoy Cruz (1791-1852).
Economy
Despite its relatively tiny size (0.1% of Mendoza Province), Godoy Cruz is home to 182,977 inhabitants (11.6%), and accounts for around 36% of Mendoza's economy.
The main activity of the department is the commerce (specially auto sales companies) and the services sector. There are some wineries but there aren't vineyards. The Casino of Mendoza is in the border of Godoy Cruz and Mendoza City.
Population
Considering its urban population (99.97%), it's the most densely populated department of Mendoza Province.
Sport
The city of Godoy Cruz is home to Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba, a football club, which became in 2006 the first club from Mendoza Province ever to compete in the Primera Division. Other significant sport clubs are Andes Talleres, noteworthy in artistic roller skating, and YPF.
Districts
Godoy Cruz is divided in five districts:
Gobernador Benegas
Godoy Cruz
Las Tortugas
Presidente Sarmiento
San Francisco del Monte
External links
Information about Godoy Cruz (Spanish)
History of Godoy Cruz (Spanish)
Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba (Spanish)
Andes Talleres sport club (Spanish)
Swimming in YPF sport club (Spanish)
Maps of the Godoy Cruz Department
1855 establishments in Argentina
Departments of Mendoza Province
The 1911 Tie Cup Final was the final match to decide the winner of the Tie Cup, the 12th. edition of the international competition organised by the Argentine and Uruguayan Associations together. The final was contested by Argentine San Isidro and Uruguayan Wanderers,
In the match, played at Estadio G.E.B.A. in Belgrano, Wanderers won its first Tie Cup after beating San Isidro (which played its first final) 2–0.
Qualified teams
Overview
San Isidro earned its place in the final after having won the 1911 Copa de Competencia Jockey Club, where the squad beat San Isidro (3–0), Quilmes (4–0), and Estudiantes de Buenos Aires in the final (4–2 at Racing Club Stadium). The match was held in Gimnasia y Esgrima Stadium in Palermo on October 1, 1911.
In a game fiercely disputed, Wanderers opened the score on 38 minutes when goalkeeper Carlos Tomás Wilson intercepted the ball before winger C. Riss advanced to the goal, throwing it away. Nevertheless, Rébori caught the ball and shot to the goal before Wilson could go back.
In the second half, Wanderers scored again on 34 minutes when Bastos made a long pass after dribbling Malbrán and Olivari. The ball came to Costa who shot for the second goal to secure the result. Thus, Wanderers won its first Tie Cup, which was also the first time an Uruguayan side won the final.
Match details
References
T
1911 in Argentine football
1911 in Uruguayan football
Football in Buenos Aires
The Pirate Party () is a Norwegian political party which was founded in 2012. Its basic principles are "full transparency in state management, privacy on the internet, as well as better use of IT and technology to make a better democracy". On 17 December 2012 they announced that they had collected the 5,000 signatures required by law to register a political party and take part in the next general election. The party is a part of the Pirate Parties International.
History
Founding of the party
In June 2012 the party issued invitations to a kickoff meeting to be held in Trondheim on the 16th, with the intention of agreeing on a strategy to obtain the 5,000 signatures required by law to register a political party. By 16 December they had received sufficient signatures and were legally recognised.
Party Leaders
Svein Mork Dahl (2019 - )
Thomas Gramstad (2017 - 2019)
Tale Haukbjørk Østrådal (2015 - 2017)
Øystein Bruås Jakobsen (2013 - 2015)
Geir Aaslid (2012 - 2013)
Parliamentary Election results
References
Political parties in Norway
Norway
Political parties established in 2012
2012 establishments in Norway
Headingley Parish Church or the Parish Church of St Michael and All Angels in Headingley, a suburban area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England is a large Victorian Church of England parish church in the centre of the parish on Otley Road.
History
The parish of Headingley was carved out of the once very large parish of Leeds, which at the time also included the districts of Armley, Beeston, Bramley and Hunslet. The first church on the site was built on land given in about 1620 by John Savile. This church remained in place for 210 years and could hold 200 congregants.
The Industrial Revolution brought population booms to northern England and the population of Headingley increased to 2,000 warranting the creation of a vicarcy in 1849 and the building of a larger, 600-seater, church in 1838 (architect (R. D. Chantrell).
However, this church was not to last. Further increases in population meant that a new church was needed. Today's church is the third on the site and was consecrated in 1886.
With the growth in the local population a new parish of Far Headingley was created, and St Chad's Church, Far Headingley was built in 1868. The two churches have worked together in matters of child welfare. The Headingley Team of St Michael's and St Chad's have a tradition of undertaking welfare work dating back to the late 19th century until the Second World War when St Chad's conducted a home for the friendless girls' societies in Leeds. In recent years, for the two churches hold early Sunday morning communion services alternately, and both participate in Churches Together in Headingley.
Building and associated buildings
The church was designed by J. L. Pearson, architect of Truro Cathedral. It was built from 1884 to 1886, and the north porch was added and the spire completed in 1890. It is built of gritstone with a tiled roof, and is Grade II* listed. The church wall and gate piers are Grade II listed.
The Parish Hall was built in 1834 or 1844 as the Headingley National School, and is Grade II listed, as is the former Parochial Institute in Bennett Road, built in 1877 by George Corson and now used as offices.
Services
Worship at the church is in the liberal catholic tradition of the Church of England, with both Sunday services being sung by the church's choir.
Sunday
10:00 am Parish Eucharist (Sung)
06:30 pm Evensong (Sung)
Tuesday
08:00 pm Compline (Said)
Wednesday
11:30 am Holy Communion (Said)
Incumbents of Headingley
See also
List of new ecclesiastical buildings by J. L. Pearson
References
External links
Church website
St Michael & All Angels, Headingley at achurchnearyou.com
Headingley
Grade II* listed churches in Leeds
Grade II listed churches in Leeds
Leeds, St Michael and All Angels Church
Headingley
Headingley, St Michael and All Angels Church
Churches completed in 1886
Rebuilt churches in the United Kingdom
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Gothic Revival architecture in Leeds
Alison Becker Chase (born January 3, 1946) taught the dance class at Dartmouth that led to founding of Pilobolus Dance Theater in 1971. As a founding artistic director of Pilobolus she worked with the company from 1971 to 2006.
She was a Guggenheim Fellow in 1980.
After leaving Pilobolus, she founded a new company, Apogee Arts (2006 biography from Apogee Arts), with a touring program called Alison Chase/Performance. Apogee was commissioned to create a site specific performance at Settlement Quarry in Stonington, Maine in summer 2009 and 2010. The formal company premiered November 19, 2010 at the Collins Center for the Arts in Orono, Maine.
Notes
External links
Alison Chase Performance
Contemporary dance choreographers
American choreographers
Living people
1946 births
The 2015 Herefordshire Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect all members of the Herefordshire Council in England. It was held on the same day as other local elections.
References
2015 English local elections
May 2015 events in the United Kingdom
2015
21st century in Herefordshire
Rajgad (literal meaning Ruling Fort) is a Hill region fort situated in the Pune district of Maharashtra, India. Formerly known as Murumdev, the fort was the first capital of the Maratha Empire under the rule of Shivaji for almost 26 years, after which the capital was moved to the Raigad Fort. Treasures discovered from an adjacent fort called Torna were used to completely build and fortify the Rajgad Fort.
The Rajgad Fort is located around to the south-west of Pune and about west of Nasrapur in the Sahyadris range. The fort lies above the sea level. The diameter of the base of the fort was about which made it difficult to lay siege on it, which added to its strategic value. The fort's ruins consist of palaces, water cisterns, and caves. This fort was built on a hill called Murumbadevi Dongar (Mountain of the Goddess Murumba). Rajgad boasts of the highest number of days stayed by Shivaji on any fort.
History
The fort has stood witness to many significant historic events including the birth of Chhatrapati Shivaji's son Rajaram I, the death of Chhatrapati Shivaji's wife Saibai, the return of Shivaji from Agra, the burial of Afzal Khan's head in the Mahadarwaja walls of Balle Killa, the strict words of Sonopant Dabir to Shivaji.
The Rajgad Fort was also one of the 12 forts that Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj kept when he signed the Treaty of Purandar in 1665, with the Mughal general Jai Singh I, leader of the Mughal forces. Under this treaty, 23 forts were handed over to the Mughals.
List of Chronological events
Tourism
The fort is a significant tourist destination and is most sought after especially during monsoon. Visitors prefer to stay overnight on the fort considering the fort itself is huge and cannot be explored in a single day. The Padmavati temple on the fort can accommodate around 50 people. Water tanks provide fresh water all throughout the year. Villagers from the foothills of Rajgad sell local antiques and items to these tourists.
Gallery
See also
List of forts in Maharashtra
References
External links
Amazing Maharashtra
Rajgad Fort Information in Marathi
Pune Trekkers
Forts in Pune district
Former capital cities in India
Nemotek Technologie, is a high-tech manufacturing company, established in May 2008, based in Rabat Technopolis Park, Morocco.
Nemotek Technologie, funded by Caisse de dépôt et de gestion (CDG), manufactures customized wafer-level cameras for portable applications. It provides customized design and manufacturing services of Wafer-level Packaging, wafer-level optics and wafer-level cameras.
In July 2009, Nemotek Technologie announced a new WLP technology, which provides a true chip-scale package with only 400om as the minimum thickness. The die size is ultra-small at just 0.6mm, which fits up to 40,000 dies per wafer. This solution is based on advanced WLP technology and delivered based on Through Silicon Via (TSV) technology. It provides customers a thin, reliable, and more sophisticated imaging components for applications such as mobile camera phones, mobile computers, and other mobile devices used in medical or automotive. In October 2009, Nemotek announced the availability of its miniaturized Wafer-Level Camera (WLC) for portable applications.
The company announced the development of a two-element VGA lens which was exhibited at the 2010 Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. A two-element lens is made when two optical wafers are processed and then bonded together. "This is the starting point, opening the door to higher megapixel resolutions in wafer-level cameras," said Hatim Limati of Nemotek in an interview with Tim Hayes of IPO Publishing. Nemotek's continued business relationship with EV Group was emphasized this month with a repeat order placed for EVG's bonding and UV nanoimprint lithography (UV-NIL) systems.
Most recently, Nemotek announced a one-element wider field of view lens for portable applications. The lens provides a field of view up to 65 degrees while traditional lenses tend to be limited to 60 degrees. The announcement is already making waves in the mobile camera market. The new lens narrows the gap with standalone digital cameras a bit more. The development is considered a milestone for Nemotek.
References
See also
Science and technology in Morocco
Equipment semiconductor companies
Manufacturing companies of Morocco
Moroccan brands
Castle Berg is a ruined water castle situated around above Sea level in the Nesenbach valley on the grounds of the Berg mineral spa in the Berg district of Baden-Württemberg's state capitol of Stuttgart, Germany.
The castle was built by the Lords von Berg during the 12th century and had already been destroyed in 1287. The foundations were unearthed in 1856 during construction of the spa's spring water bathhouses. The excavated foundations belonged to a residence tower with a square base with a side length of and a wall thickness of .
References
Bibliography
Note: The titles of the following books have been translated into English
Water castles in Germany
Ruined castles in Germany
Marah Rabah is a Palestinian village located twelve kilometers south of Bethlehem. The village is in the Bethlehem Governorate central West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of over 1,320 in 2007. The primary healthcare is obtained in Tuqu', where the Ministry of Health denotes the healthcare facilities as level 2.
History
British Mandate era
In the 1931 census the population of Marah Rabah was counted together with Beit Fajjar, Marah Ma'alla and Umm Salamuna. The total population was 1,043, all Muslims, living in 258 houses.
Jordanian era
In the wake of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, and after the 1949 Armistice Agreements, Marah Rabah came under Jordanian rule.
In 1961, the population of Murah Rabah was 198.
Post 1967
Since the Six-Day War in 1967, Marah Rabah has been held under Israeli occupation.
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Marah Rabah village (fact sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem, ARIJ
Marah Rabah village profile, ARIJ(See talk: maps are wrong)
Marah Rabah aerial photo, ARIJ
The priorities and needs for development in Marah Rabah village based on the community and local authorities' assessment, ARIJ
Towns in the West Bank
Bethlehem Governorate
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
The House of Lannoy is the name of an old and important Belgian noble family that takes its name from the French town of Lannoy, Nord. The name comes from l'Annoy (or l'Annoit, from Latin alnetum) which means «the alderwood» in Picard French of Flanders.
History
The oldest known ancestor is one Gillion de l'Annoit who lived in the 13th century. Many of his descendants were members of the Order of the Golden Fleece. They played a prominent role in Flanders during the Middle Ages. Different family branches and lines existed amongst the Lords of Beaurepaire, Clervaux, Princes of Sulmona and Princes of Rheina-Wolbeck.
One branch of the family supposedly became the influential American Delano family through its progenitor Philip Delano. However, the possible connection between the two has never been proven. A branch of the family supposedly engaged in the transaltlantic slave trade, resulting in an existing lineage of the family in South America and the Caribbean.
Notable members
Lords of Molembaix
Molembaix was a place in the region of Oostkapelle, where the .
Guillebert I de Lannoy, Lord of Santes;Married to Catherine de Saint-Aubin, Lady of Molembais:
Guillebert II de Lannoy (1386–1462), Flemish traveler and diplomat
Hugo van Lannoy (1384–1456), Flemish traveler and diplomat
Baudouin de Lannoy, said "Le Begue", Lord of Molembais (1388–1474): Flemish diplomat
Baudouin II de Lannoy, Lord of Molembais: Knight Of the Golden Fleece;married to Marie d'Esne, Lady of Conroy.
Philippe I de Lannoy, Lord of Molembais; Grand Huntsman of BrabantMarried to Madeleine of Bourgundy.
Jean de Lannoy, Lord of Molembais: Knight of the Golden Fleece;Married to Joanne de Ligne.
Marie de Lannoy;Married to John IV of Glymes(1528–1567): Marquess of Berges
Baudouin III de Lannoy, Lord of Turcoing; Lord of the Golden Fleece.
Philippe II, Lord of Beauvoir;married to Jeanne of Blois.
Françoise de Lannoy; married to Antoine of Montmorency
Madeleine de Lannoy; married to Jean de Roisin.
Jacqueline de Lannoy;married to Claude Bouton, Lord of Corbaron.
Jean I de Lannoy, Lord of La Motterie;Married to Marie de Cordes
Jean II de Lannoy, Lord of La Motterie
Lords of Leeuwergem and La Motterie
Leeuwergem is a small village in Flanders, it has an 18th century castle. The first small castle in Leeuwergem was built by Valentin de Lannoy in the 17th century. The branch of the Lords of Leeuwergem became extinct after 3 generations. The branch of the Counts of la Motterie was known to have multiple men in military service of the Crown.
Jacques de Lannoy, Lord of la Motterie, died 1587:Married to Susanne of Noyelles.
Adrien de Lannoy, Lord of Wasmes: founder of the branch of Lannoy de Wasmes.
Claude de Lannoy, 1st Count of la Motterie, Knight of the Golden Fleece;married to Claudine d'Eltz, Lady of Clairvaux.
Philippe de Lannoy, 2nd Count of la Motterie;married to Louise-Michele d'Ognyes.
Ignace-Philippe de Lannoy, 3rd Count of Beaurepiare; see further.
François-Hyacinthe de Lannoy, 4th Count of la Motterie;married to Anne-Françoise of Gavre.
Marie-Thérèse de Lannoy, Lady of the Starry Cross;married to Josef-Dominik, Count of Konigsegg-Rothenfels.
Eugène-Hyacinthe de Lannoy, 5th Count of la Motterie; Lord Grand Marshall in Imperial Service; Knight of the Golden Fleece and Councillor of State.
Chrétien de Lannoy, 6th Count of la Motterie; Imperial Lord Chamberlain. He died without male heirs and was the last Count of La Motterie.
Albert-Eugene de Lannoy, 1st Baron of Clairvaux; founder of the Branch of de Lannoy-Clairvaux.
Valentin de Lannoy, died 1640: Governor of Hulst.married in 1622 to Isabelle de La Loo, Lady of Leeuwergem
Eugene de Lannoy, Lord of Leeuwergem.
Charles de Lannoy, Lord of Leeuwergem.
Albert de Lannoy, Lord of Leeuwergem, died 1688:married to Adrienne-Marie vanden Eeckhoutte.
Adrienne-Florence de Lannoy:married to Charles de Boisschot, 3nd Baron of Saventhem.
Hélène de Lannoy, Noble Canonnese in Nivelles.
Anne-Marguerite de Lannoy:Married to François de Boisschot, 2nd Baron of Saventhem, son of Ferdinand de Boisschot
Jean-Louis de Lannoy, Lord of Leeuwergem.
Counts of Beaurepaire
The county of Beaurepaire in Avesnes was inherited by descendants of Louise-Michèle d'Oignies: her father Maximilien d'Oignies was the first Count of Beaurepaire. His youngest grandson Ignace-Philippe became the 3rd Count of Beaurepaire.
Ignace I Philippe de Lannoy, 3rd Count of Beaurepiare, (1650-1715):married to Marie-Françoise de Coloma, Lady of Bornhem
François-Joseph-Louis de Lannoy, 4th Count of Beaurepaire;Married to Marguerite Madeleine de Clermont-Tonnere.
Charles-François-Ignace de Lannoy, 5th Count of Beaurepaire, (1686-1752): Knight of St Lazare in 1717;Married to Alix-Barbe de St-Vaast.
Ignace II Godefroi de Lannoy, 6th Count of Beaurepaire, (1723-1794):Military Knight of Saint-Louis: Executed by Guillotine in France.
Claude-François de Lannoy
Adrien-François-Joseph de Lannoy, Knight of St Lazarus.
Aldegonde Eleonore de Lannoy; Lady of Bornem:married to Baudry Adelbert, Count de Marnix, Baron of Rollecourt; Heirs of Bornem Castle.
Claude-François de Marnix, Baron of Rollencourt.
Lords of Clairvaux
Albert-Eugène inherited the rights and Dominium of Clairvaux, after the death of his parents. He was created for his merit as imperial ambassador 1st Baron of Clairvaux. A Cadet branch inherited the title of Prince of Rheina-Wolbecq.
Albert-Eugène de Lannoy, 1st Baron of Clairvaux;married to Anne Margarethe de Reede.
Andrien I Gérard de Lannoy, 2nd Baron of Clairvaux
François-Ferdinand, Count of Lannoy
Adrien II Damien-Gérard-Ernest de Lannoy, 1st Count of Clairvaux; Count of the Empire.
Adrien III Jean-Baptiste de Lannoy, Baron of Clairvaux.
Félix-Balthasar de Lannoy
Florent Stanislas-Amour de Lannoy-Clairvaux;married to Clementine-Josephine of Loos-Corswarem, Princess of Rheina-Wolbecq.
Napoleon de Lannoy-Clairvaux, Prince of Rheina-Wolbecq.
Princes of Sulmona
Jean I de Lannoy
Jean II, Lord of Lannoy (1410–1493), Flemish diplomat;Married to Jeanne of Croy.
Jean III, Lord of Lannoy
Antoine de Lannoy, Lord of Maingoval;Married to Marie de Ville.
Jean IV de Lannoy, Lord of Maingoval:married to Philipotte de Lalaing.
Charles de Lannoy, 1st Prince of Sulmona (1487–1527): Knight of the Golden Fleece; soldier and statesman.
Philip de Lannoy, 2nd Prince of Sulmona: Knight of the Golden Fleece:Married to Isabelle Colonna.
Charles II de Lannoy, 3rd Prince of Sulmona, (1514-1553); died without heirs.
Horacio de Lannoy, 4th Prince of Sulmona: Knight of the Golden Fleece, died without heirs.
Current Comital branch
The current main branch of the family resides in Anvaign and descends from Jacques-Adrien-François de Lannoy (1769-1835) who was married to Louise-Marie-Caroline d'Ursel, older sister of the 4th Duke d'Ursel.
Gustave-Ferdinand de Lannoy (1800-1892); married to Josephine-Charlotte van der Noot d'Assche, she was the only daughter of , Maximilien-Louis, 7th Marquess of Assche and Wemmel, 3rd Count van der Noot.
Charles-Maximilien de Lannoy (1828-1901);married to Emma, countess du Parc-Locmaria, daughter of Alain, Marquess du Parc-Locmaria.
Philippe, Count de Lannoy (1866-1937):Master of the Royal Household of Queen Elisabeth, Mayor of Anvaign.Married to Rosalie de Beeckman (1877-1963).
Paul, Count de Lannoy (1898-1980);married to Beatrix, princesse de Ligne (1898-1982).
Philippe, count de Lannoy (1922-2019);married to Alix della Faille de Leverghem (1941-2012)
Jehan, count de Lannoy (born 1966)
Stephanie, Countess de Lannoy (born 1984),Married to Guillaume, Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg.
Maurice de Lannoy (1884-1942);married to Viscountess Louise de Spoelberch (1888-1953)
See also
List of Belgian family mottos
Bibliography
Europäische Stammtafeln, J.A. Stargardt Verlag, Marburg, Schwennicke, Detlev (Ed.). Volume VIII, Table 9
References
External links
Haemophilus B and hepatitis B vaccine is a combination vaccine whose generic name is Haemophilus b conjugate and hepatitis B recombinant vaccine. It protects against the infectious diseases Haemophilus influenzae type B and hepatitis B.
A branded formulation, Comvax, was marketed in the US by Merck. It was discontinued in 2014.
References
Vaccines
Combination vaccines
Haemophilus
Hepatitis B
Adore You may refer to:
"Adore You" (Miley Cyrus song) (2013)
"Adore You" (Harry Styles song) (2019)
"Adore You" (Jessie Ware song) (2019)
See also
I Adore You (disambiguation)
Sheep Ahoy is a 1954 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Chuck Jones. The short was released on December 11, 1954, and stars Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog.
Mel Blanc provided for the voices of all the characters in this cartoon, however, like all Sam Wolf and Ralph Sheepdog shorts, this short is mostly composed of visual gags.
This is the second short featuring Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog. The title is a play on the phrase "Ship ahoy!"
Plot
This story revolves around Ralph Wolf (here named George) trying to steal the sheep guarded by Sam Sheepdog (here called Fred), who has just exchanged shifts with co-worker Fred Sheepdog (here called Ralph). As Ralph runs off with a sheep, Sam pushes a rock over the ledge, which falls on the wolf's head. Ralph promptly lets the sheep go before falling over in a daze, a lump consequently growing on his head.
Ralph first attempts to drop a large boulder on Sam, but a tree branch catches the boulder and propels it upwards again as it crushes Ralph.
Ralph then tries to pole vault over Sam, but Sam grabs the pole, lowers it over the edge until Ralph is eye level with Sam, and punches him in the face.
Ralph surrounds himself with a cloud of smoke from an Acme smoke bomb to avoid detection. However, Sam, having headed him off at the pass, drops a stick of dynamite in his smoke cloud, blowing Ralph up. Ralph stumbles backwards uncoordinated and, unable to watch where he's going, falls off a log perched above a cliff.
Ralph uses an Acme disguise, an artificial rock, but Sam isn't fooled; he pulls out a sledgehammer, walks over to the "rock", and hits it with such force that Ralph breaks apart into a number of pebbles, which all move into Ralph's cave.
Ralph dives off a cliff while tied to a very large helium balloon and carrying a fishing rod to snag a sheep. He accidentally snags his balloon with his fish hook and rips it, sending him flying into the horizon before he finally comes crashing down.
Ralph tunnels under the field. As he reaches up through the holes, he feels what appears to be a sheep and pulls it into his tunnel. Unfortunately, it's actually four fake sheep legs strapped to a drum of TNT (presumably placed there by Sam), which goes off. After the explosion, Ralph places the drum back where it was sitting before politely refilling his hole.
Ralph swims through a stream with a pedal-powered submarine to catch a sheep which is taking a drink of water. As he swims towards his target, Sam holds a sign in front of his periscope which reads "DETOUR". Ralph follows it and realizes too late that he was tricked into going over a waterfall. Ralph vainly tries to pedal back as he falls off the waterfall. By the time he re-emerges from the water, pedaling off in a fit of delusion, the submarine is badly damaged and broken.
Finally, Ralph tries to propel Sam off his perch by placing a teeter totter under Sam and dropping a rock on it from a large height. Sam is propelled straight upward toward Ralph's cliff, where he grabs Ralph by the neck and begins punching him in the face.
Eventually, the time clock whistle blows and Ralph and Sam change shifts with their replacements Wile E. Coyote (here called Sam) and Fred Sheepdog. Their replacements stand in the same position that Sam and Ralph were standing in before the whistle blew and Fred begins punching Wile E. in the face.
Inconsistency in naming
Like Don't Give Up the Sheep, the names of the characters are inconsistent in this short compared to the rest of the shorts. At the beginning of the short, Sam the sheepdog is coming on duty to replace another sheepdog named Fred. As the two pass, Fred calls Sam "Fred" and Sam calls Fred "Ralph". At the end of the short they reverse the names.
This is also the only Ralph Wolf/Sam Sheepdog cartoon to feature Wile E. Coyote, he appears as Ralph's replacement and he refers to Ralph as "George", and Ralph refers to Wile E. as "Sam".
Home media
This short is available on the Looney Tunes Collectors Edition: Canine Corps VHS from Columbia House.
See also
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography (1950–1959)
References
External links
1954 films
1954 animated films
Merrie Melodies short films
Short films directed by Chuck Jones
Animated films about dogs
Animated films about wolves
1950s Warner Bros. animated short films
Films with screenplays by Michael Maltese
Films scored by Milt Franklyn
1950s English-language films
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog films
The environment of Russia
Biota
Climate
The climate of Russia is formed under the European peninsula. The enormous size of the country and the remoteness of many areas from the sea result in the dominance of the continental climate, which is prevalent in European and Asian Russia except for the tundra and the best extreme southeast. Mountains in the south obstructing the flow of cold air masses from the Arctic Ocean and the plain of the south and north makes the country open to Pacific and Atlantic influences.
Geography
Land
Water
Climate change
Energy
Pollution control
Protected areas
Waste management
141 019 100 tonnes of hazardous waste was generated in Russia in 2009
Environmental policy and law
Treaties and international agreements
Russia is a signatory to a number of treaties and international agreements:
Party to
Air Pollution, Air Pollution-Nitrogen Oxides, Air Pollution-Sulphur 85, Antarctic-Environmental Protocol, Antarctic Treaty, Biodiversity, Climate Change, Endangered Species, Environmental Modification, Hazardous Wastes, Law of the Sea, Marine Dumping, Nuclear Test Ban, Ozone Layer Protection, Ship Pollution, Tropical Timber 83, Wetlands, Whaling, Climate Change-Kyoto Protocol
Signed, but not ratified
Air Pollution-Sulphur 94,
Environmental organisations/organizations
Environmental issues
Air pollution from heavy industry, emissions of coal-fired electric plants, and transportation in major cities; industrial, municipal, and agricultural pollution of inland waterways and sea coasts; deforestation; soil erosion; soil contamination from improper application of agricultural chemicals; scattered areas of sometimes intense radioactive contamination; ground water contamination from toxic waste; considerable biodiversity addressed by the country's Biodiversity Action Plan.
While Russia possesses vast mineral and energy wealth, this does not come without some price both to Russia and to the greater globe. Particularly, oil and gas extraction exacts a heavy cost to the health of the land and people. Drilling waste water, mud, and sludges are accumulated, annual volumes have been estimated at 1.7 million tons of chemical reagents contaminating 25 million cubic meters of topsoil. Considerable geomechanical disturbances, contamination of soils and water, and multiple increases of contaminated waste water ejected into surface water streams, is a serious problem offsetting Russia's profits from the industry. It has been estimated that between 1991-1999 the volume of contaminated waste waters from the Russian oil industry amounted to 200 million cubic meters. Complete utilization of co-extracted gas in oil extraction does not exceed 80% in Russia, it has been variously estimated that annually 5-17 billion cubic meters of un-utilized gas extracted alongside oil is burnt in "gas torches," with 400,000 tons or more hazardous substances released into the atmosphere from this each year, creating the double impact of wasted resource and negative environmental effect. 560 million tons of methane is estimated to leak annually into the atmosphere from oil and gas extraction, not counting accidental outbursts and pipe breakage. Other valuable industries also have their costs, such as the coal industry's release of vast quantities of hazardous, toxic, and radioactive materials. Also the Russian gold industry, with Russia being the only nation for at least a century with high extraction of gold from placer deposits, and having 4000+ large deposits, inevitably creates problems for the river systems. The associated pollution from using mass explosions in mining also can be a problem. Overall, the extensive mineral wealth and riches, brings with it both great benefit to the Russian economy & people, and the greater globe and all people, yet also several difficult problems to be dealt with.
See also
Great Plan for the Transformation of Nature
List of environmental issues
References
External links
Zhuravlev, Yu. N., ed. (2000) Стратегия сохранения биоразнообразия Сихотэ-Алиня = A Biodiversity Conservation Strategy for the Sikhote-Alin''' Vladivostok: Russian Academy of Sciences, Far Eastern Branch]
Sobisevich A. V., Snytko V. A., Postnikov A. V.'' [https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1755-1315/350/1/012017 The surrounding environment monitoring in the Soviet Union: a review of establishing new "ecological" science // IOP Conference Series: Earth and Environmental Science. 2019. Vol. 350. №. 1. P. 1–6.
Leslie Koo or Koo Cheng-yun (; 28 November 1954 – 23 January 2017) was a Taiwanese business executive and billionaire who served as Chairman of Taiwan Cement Corporation. He was the second son of the prominent businessman and diplomat Koo Chen-fu, and a member of the Lukang Koo clan, one of the five wealthiest families of Taiwan.
Life and career
Born in Taiwan on 28 November 1954, Leslie Koo attended the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in the United States, graduating with a Master of Business Administration in 1981. After the death of his elder brother Chester in late 2001, Leslie took over the management of Taiwan Cement Corporation (TCC) in 2003. The company was at the time mired in 25 billion of debt because several risky investments made by Chester in the previous ten years had gone bad.
Over the objection of some board members, Koo decided to invest in mainland Chinese cement businesses, which helped the company to turn around and double its revenue in thirteen years, making Taiwan Cement the world's twelfth largest cement company and the sixth biggest in China. He was credited with saving the business.
Koo's net worth was estimated at US$1.2 billion. Despite his wealth, he reportedly flew economy class and ate at night markets. Koo refused to retain bodyguards, believing their presence to be a snobbish, insulting admission that the wealthy could not be seen alongside others of lower socioeconomic status. After Li Chia-wei met Koo to discuss ideas for a plant shelter in 2006, Koo agreed to fund the project, operated by the Dr. Cecilia Koo Botanic Conservation Center (KBCC), on land in Gaoshu, Pingtung provided by Leslie Koo.
Bribery scandal
In June 2003, Dayu Development Corporation, the Koo family's property subsidiary, was on the verge of insolvency and threatening the survival of the family business. To raise emergency funds, Leslie Koo needed to sell a parcel of land in Longtan District, Taoyuan owned by Dayu. He paid what he called a "commission" to an associate of the then first lady Wu Shu-chen, and in exchange President Chen Shui-bian arranged for the Hsinchu Science and Industrial Park to rent and then buy the parcel, which was incorporated into the Longtan Science Park.
In 2008, Koo met with prosecutors investigating corruption charges against Chen Shui-bian. Chen was convicted in 2010 and sentenced to 20 years in prison, including 11 years for taking a NT$400 million bribes from Koo in the Longtan land transaction. In a subsequent interview with the media, Koo said that "I don't have any special feelings about the case."
Death
On 21 January 2017, Koo fell down a flight of stairs while attending a wedding banquet at the Regent Taipei Hotel. He was sent to Mackay Memorial Hospital and then transferred to Cheng Hsin General Hospital, where he died from cerebral haemorrhage on 23 January 2017. Taiwan Cement appointed Koo's brother-in-law Nelson Chang An-ping (張安平) as his successor.
References
1954 births
2017 deaths
Hokkien businesspeople
Taiwanese chief executives
Taiwanese people of Hoklo descent
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumni
Taiwanese billionaires
Businesspeople from Taipei
Koo family of Lukang
Accidental deaths from falls
Accidental deaths in Taiwan
The Best of Lester del Rey is a collection of science fiction short stories by American author Lester del Rey. It was first published in paperback by Del Rey/Ballantine in September 1978 as a volume in its Classic Library of Science Fiction, with a Science Fiction Book Club hardcover edition following in December of the same year. It was reprinted by Del Rey Books in March 1986, February 1995, and June 2000. The book has been translated into German.
Summary
The book contains sixteen short works of fiction and an afterword by the author, together with an introduction by Frederik Pohl.
Contents
"The Magnificent" [introduction] (Frederik Pohl)
"Helen O'Loy" (from Astounding Science-Fiction, Dec. 1938)
"The Day Is Done" (from Astounding Science-Fiction, May 1939)
"The Coppersmith" (from Unknown, Sep. 1939)
"Hereafter, Inc." (from Unknown Worlds, Dec. 1941)
"The Wings of Night" (from Astounding Science-Fiction, Mar. 1942)
"Into Thy Hands" (from Astounding Science Fiction, Aug. 1945)
"And It Comes Out Here" (from Galaxy Science Fiction, Feb. 1951)
"The Monster" (from Argosy, Jun. 1951)
"The Years Draw Nigh" (from Astounding Science Fiction, Oct. 1951)
"Instinct" (from Astounding Science Fiction, Jan. 1952)
"Superstition" (from Astounding Science Fiction, Aug. 1954)
"For I Am a Jealous People!" (from Star Short Novels, Oct. 1954)
"The Keepers of the House" (from Fantastic Universe, Jan. 1956)
"Little Jimmy" (from The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, Apr. 1957)
"The Seat of Judgment" (from Venture Science Fiction Magazine, Jul. 1957)
"Vengeance Is Mine" (from Galaxy Magazine, Dec, 1964)
"Author's Afterword"
Reception
The book was reviewed by Algis Budrys in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, March 1979, Brian Stableford in Paperback Parlour, December 1979, Vernon Hyles in Fantasy Review, May 1986, and Peter Heck in Asimov's Science Fiction, January 2001.
Awards
"Helen O'Loy" was nominated for the 1939 Retro Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 2014. "Into Thy Hands" was nominated for the 1946 Retro Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1996.
Notes
1978 short story collections
Science fiction short story collections
Del Rey books
Mbuk is an Eastern Beboid language of Cameroon.
Notes
References
Beboid languages
Languages of Cameroon
North Pickenham is a village in the Breckland district of mid-Norfolk, East Anglia, England. It lies three miles from the Georgian market town of Swaffham.
At the 2001 census it had a population of 500 and an area of 1,015 hectares (3.92 square miles) reducing to 472 at the 2011 Census. Norfolk (pop. 832,400) has about one-thirtieth of the population density of Central London, the tenth lowest density county in the country, with 38% of the county's population living in the three major urban areas of Norwich (194,200), Great Yarmouth (66,400) and King's Lynn (40,700).
The River Wissey cuts through the village at Houghton Lane bridge, following the course of Meadow Lane, close to the river's source at Bradenham. Its sister village South Pickenham is two miles away through pretty, narrow country lanes.
North Pickenham has a Parish Council Tax (Band D).
History
The village is after its Saxon leader Pinca, Pica or maybe Piccea with ham meaning homestead, it became a pagan Anglo Saxon settlement in the 5th century AD. It remained part of a Saxon kingdom until the Norman Conquest in 1066 when it became part of the honour of the Earl of Richmond, Yorkshire. The old village sign showed a Saxon (left) and a Norman (right) warrior (see Great Britain in the Middle Ages) with Richmond Castle and the river Wissey in the background; The sign was designed by Ben Ripper, a local historian, and carved by Steve Eggleton. A new village statue by Tom Yorke replaced the deteriorating old sign and was unveiled by the incumbent MP George Freeman on 22 October 2010.
It was once in the Hundred of South Greenhoe.
The former Royal Air Force station, RAF North Pickenham, was located nearby hosting American B-24 Liberator bombers during World War II. In the late 1950s and early 1960s three PGM-17 Thor nuclear missiles were located here with early cases of CND acts of civil disobedience. The airbase is now the site of a turkey farm owned by Bernard Matthews, a karting circuit and an eight-turbine wind farm run by North Pickenham Wind Farm LLP. A 'stealth blade', which is trying to be invisible to aviation radar, was tested on one of the turbines here in October 2009. In February 2009 Bernard Matthews detailed plans to put two turbines at the airfield site, an independent development to the eight turbines already there.
Amenities
North Pickenham has a newly extended school with its own wind turbine. Its namesake, at the centre of the village, is St Andrew's church in the Benefice of Necton
Adjacent to the church is a freehouse pub called the Blue Lion which, with recent surveys and listed buildings visits, suggest it dates from the late 18th century with documented licensees from the mid-19th century.
The lost village of Houghton on the Hill is in the civil parish. Houghton includes the restored church of St Mary's, with its outstanding 11th century wall paintings, instigated by Bob Davey MBE.
The 46-mile Peddars Way footpath runs through the village, 19 miles from its south eastern start in Suffolk. The Peddars Way starts at Knettishall Heath Country Park and follows the route of a Roman road to Holme-next-the-Sea on the Norfolk coast north of Hunstanton. At Holme the Peddars Way meets the Norfolk Coast Path as it runs east along the north Norfolk coast, designated as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, to the Victorian seaside resort of Cromer.
The annual local village show was reinstated in 2007. It raises funds for the church and highlights the growing and making skills of local residents.
References
Villages in Norfolk
Breckland District
Wind farms in England
Civil parishes in Norfolk
This is a list of current and defunct automobile manufacturers of Japan.
Major current manufacturers
Honda (1946–present)
Acura (1986–present)
Honda Verno (former dealer network)
Honda Clio (former dealer network)
Isuzu (1853–present; spun off from IHI in 1916)
Mazda (1920–present)
Autorama (former dealer network)
Autozam (former dealer network)
Efini (former dealer network)
Eunos (former dealer network)
Xedos (former dealer network)
Mitsubishi (1873–1950; 1964–present)
Nissan (formerly Datsun) (1933–present)
Datsun (formerly Kaishinsha Motorcar Works) (1925–1986; 2013–2022)
Kaishinsha Motorcar Works (1911–1925)
Infiniti (1989–present)
Nissan Blue Stage (dealer network)
Nissan Red Stage (dealer network)
Nissan Cherry (dealer network, c.1970–2009)
Nissan Motor (dealer network, c.1968–2009)
Nissan Prince (dealer network, c.1968–2009)
Nissan Sunny/Satio (dealer network, c. 1966–2009)
Subaru (formerly Nakajima Aircraft Company) (1945–present)
Suzuki (1909–present)
Toyota Motor Corporation (1937–present, engineers from Hakuyosha Co. (1912–1929) entered Toyota Industries Corporation after Hakuyosha's dissolution, spun off from Toyota Industries Corporation in 1937)
Daihatsu (1907–present)
Hino (1910–present)
Lexus (1989–present)
Scion (2003–2016)
Netz Toyota (dealer network, 1998–present)
Toyota Corolla (dealer network, 1969–present)
Toyopet (dealer network, 1955–present)
Toyota WiLL (dealer network, 2000–2005)
Toyota Vista (dealer network, 1980–2004)
Toyota Yoda (dealer network, 1967–1998)
Toyota Publica (dealer network, 1961–1969)
Other manufacturers
Ales (see Otomo)
Asahi (1937–c.1939)
Aspark (2014–present)
Autobacs
Auto Sandal (1954)
Art and Tech
BS Motor
Chiyoda (see Isuzu) (c.1932–1935)
Cony (1961–1966)
DAT
Dome (1975–present)
Fuji (1957–1958)
Cabin
Fuso
GLM (2010–present)
Gorham (1920–1922)
Hope
Humbee (1947–1962)
Isaka
Ishikawajima
Jiotto (1989–1992)
Kawasaki
Kunisue
Kurogane (1935–1962)
Lila (1923–1927)
Meihatsu
Meiwa (1952–c.1956)
Mikasa (1957–1961)
Mitaka
Mitsui
Mitsuoka (1981–present)
Mizuno-shiki
Nikken
NJ (1952–1956)
Ohmiya
Ohta (1922; 1934–1957)
Otomo (1924–1927)
Prince (1955–1967)
Publica
Rintaku
Sanko
Showa Corporation
Sumida (1933–1937)
Suminoe (1954–1955)
Tachikawa
Takeoka (1990–present)
Takuri (1907–1909)
Tama (1947–1951)
TGE
Tommy Kaira (1996–1999)
Tsubakimoto Chain (1958–present)
Tsukuba (1935–c.1937)
UD Trucks
Vemac
Yamaha (1992–1993)
Yamata (1916)
Yanase (1964–1965)
Yoshida-shiki
Y&T (1994–c.1996)
See also
List of automobile manufacturers
List of automobile marques
List of Asian automobile manufacturers
Timeline of Japanese automobiles
Kamble Two Wheelers
Eliica
References and Notes
References
Notes
Lists of automobile manufacturers
Automobile manufacturers
Automobile manufacturers
OpenACC (for open accelerators) is a programming standard for parallel computing developed by Cray, CAPS, Nvidia and PGI. The standard is designed to simplify parallel programming of heterogeneous CPU/GPU systems.
As in OpenMP, the programmer can annotate C, C++ and Fortran source code to identify the areas that should be accelerated using compiler directives and additional functions. Like OpenMP 4.0 and newer, OpenACC can target both the CPU and GPU architectures and launch computational code on them.
OpenACC members have worked as members of the OpenMP standard group to merge into OpenMP specification to create a common specification which extends OpenMP to support accelerators in a future release of OpenMP. These efforts resulted in a technical report for comment and discussion timed to include the annual Supercomputing Conference (November 2012, Salt Lake City) and to address non-Nvidia accelerator support with input from hardware vendors who participate in OpenMP.
At ISC'12 OpenACC was demonstrated to work on Nvidia, AMD and Intel accelerators, without performance data.
On November 12, 2012, at the SC12 conference, a draft of the OpenACC version 2.0 specification was presented. New suggested capabilities include new controls over data movement (such as better handling of unstructured data and improvements in support for non-contiguous memory), and support for explicit function calls and separate compilation (allowing the creation and reuse of libraries of accelerated code). OpenACC 2.0 was officially released in June 2013.
Version 2.5 of the specification was released in October 2015, while version 2.6 was released in November 2017. The latest version of specification, version 2.7, was released in November 2018.
Compiler support
Support of OpenACC is available in commercial compilers from PGI (from version 12.6), and (for Cray hardware only) Cray.
OpenUH is an Open64 based open source OpenACC compiler supporting C and FORTRAN, developed by HPCTools group from University of Houston.
OpenARC is an open source C compiler developed at Oak Ridge National Laboratory to support all features in the OpenACC 1.0 specification. An experimental open source compiler, accULL, is developed by the University of La Laguna (C language only).
Omni Compiler is an open source compiler developed at HPCS Laboratory. of University of Tsukuba and Programming Environment Research Team of RIKEN Center for Computational Science, Japan, supported OpenACC, and combining XcalableMP and OpenACC.
IPMACC is an open source C compiler developed by University of Victoria that translates OpenACC to CUDA, OpenCL, and ISPC. Currently, only following directives are supported: data, kernels, loop, and cache.
GCC support for OpenACC was slow in coming. A GPU-targeting implementation from Samsung was announced in September 2013; this translated OpenACC 1.1-annotated code to OpenCL. The announcement of a "real" implementation followed two months later, this time from NVIDIA and based on OpenACC 2.0. This sparked some controversy, as the implementation would only target NVIDIA's own PTX assembly language, for which no open source assembler or runtime was available. Experimental support for OpenACC/PTX did end up in GCC as of version 5.1. GCC6 and GCC7 release series include a much improved implementation of the OpenACC 2.0a specification. GCC 9.1 offers nearly complete OpenACC 2.5 support.
Usage
In a way similar to OpenMP 3.x on homogeneous system or the earlier OpenHMPP, the primary mode of programming in OpenACC is directives. The specifications also include a runtime library defining several support functions. To exploit them, user should include "openacc.h" in C or "openacc_lib.h" in Fortran; and then call acc_init() function.
Directives
OpenACC defines an extensive list of pragmas (directives), for example:
#pragma acc parallel
#pragma acc kernels
Both are used to define parallel computation kernels to be executed on the accelerator, using distinct semantics
#pragma acc data
Is the main directive to define and copy data to and from the accelerator.
#pragma acc loop
Is used to define the type of parallelism in a parallel or kernels region.
#pragma acc cache
#pragma acc update
#pragma acc declare
#pragma acc wait
Runtime API
There are some runtimes API functions defined too: acc_get_num_devices(), acc_set_device_type(), acc_get_device_type(), acc_set_device_num(), acc_get_device_num(),
acc_async_test(), acc_async_test_all(), acc_async_wait(), acc_async_wait_all(), acc_init(), acc_shutdown(), acc_on_device(), acc_malloc(), acc_free().
OpenACC generally takes care of work organisation for the target device however this can be overridden through the use of gangs and workers. A gang consists of workers and operates over a number of processing elements (as with a workgroup in OpenCL).
See also
C++ AMP
OpenCL
OpenHMPP
OpenMP
References
External links
Homepage | OpenACC
Usage example from Nvidia: part 1, part 2
Application programming interfaces
C programming language family
Fortran
Parallel computing
Standards
Gabriel Hernández (born 19 November 1949) is a Mexican racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1949 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Mexican male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Mexico
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Pan American Games silver medalists for Mexico
Athletes (track and field) at the 1971 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1971 Pan American Games
Grevillea reptans, also known as the Tin Can Bay grevillea, is a shrub of the genus Grevillea native to south east Queensland.
The prostrate shrub typically grows to a height of and has long branches with non-glaucous angular ridges branchlets. It has simple linear leaves with a blade that is long and wide.
See also
List of Grevillea species
References
reptans
Proteales of Australia
Taxa named by Robert Owen Makinson
The Selenidiidae are a family of parasitic alveolates in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Taxonomy
There are five genera in this family.
History
This family was created by Brasil in 1907.
Description
References
Apicomplexa families
Olivier Malcor (born 28 January 1975) is a former professional tennis player from France.
Biography
Born in Falaise, Malcor was a right-handed player who turned professional in 1994. He had a career best ranking of 161 and competed in the qualifying draw of all four grand slam tournaments. His biggest title win came at the Ostend Challenger in 1999, beating Álex López Morón in the final. He qualified for the main draw of three ATP Tour tournaments, the 1999 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships in Orlando, the San Marino Open in 2000 and the 2001 Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca.
Malcor is married to former WTA Tour player Sarah Pitkowski.
He has coached several top French players, including Julien Benneteau, Michael Llodra, Nicolas Mahut and Paul-Henri Mathieu.
Challenger titles
Singles: (1)
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
French male tennis players
French tennis coaches
Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne (December 31, 1918 – June 3, 2018) was a Russian-American author, actress and a sniper during World War II. A survivor of the siege of Leningrad, she married an American diplomat and came to the United States, becoming the author of 14 books. Among her various activities in America, she made many appearances on television programs, gave lectures on literature and history on cruise ships, and sang on concert stages.
Early life
Kyra was born in Crimea, on the coast of the Black Sea in 1918. She was a descendant of one of the Russian noble families. Her father was a pilot during World War I. He was executed by a Bolshevik firing squad after the Russian Revolution, when Kyra was 7 months old. Her young mother never remarried, and they lived in poverty in Leningrad with her grandmother. They lost all the males of their family in the Russian Civil War that followed the revolution.
At age 8, Kyra was admitted into a school for musically gifted children, the Leningrad Academic Capella, and became a member of the children's group of the Kirov Theater of Opera and Ballet. Even though she was studying music, she had to go through military training: All Soviet schools had to spend a certain amount of time on military education—marching, learning about guns, and competitive shooting. Kyra was a good marksman, and at 16 she won a distinction, the Voroshilov Marksman badge. After graduation, she entered the Institute of Theater Arts and became an actress and concert singer.
The siege of Leningrad
She was drafted into the Red Army in 1941 at the beginning of the siege of Leningrad and became a sniper and a lieutenant. During this tragic period, almost 1 million people died in Leningrad of starvation, including Kyra's mother and grandmother, who died while she was in the army.
After having been wounded twice, Kyra returned to service as a field nurse. During that time, she rescued a homeless orphan boy, who later became the subject of her book, Shurik. Toward the end of the war, she was decorated with three medals. She left for Moscow in 1943 and joined the Moscow Satire Theatre, renewing her artistic career.
Moving to the United States
Because Kyra spoke several foreign languages fluently, she was invited to various diplomatic receptions as a representative of the Young Soviet Intelligentsia. It was there that she met her future husband, an American diplomat named Shirk. In February 1946, they married, in the first church service between a foreigner and a Russian since the Revolution. Perhaps because the wedding was attended by the whole diplomatic corps stationed in Moscow at that time, she was given permission to leave Russia with her husband. They left for the United States a few months later.
Kyra hoped to continue her theatrical career in the United States and went to several auditions but without success, mainly because of her accent. Her husband bought a farm in Pennsylvania, but neither one of them knew anything about farming. They worked hard on the farm, and Kyra continued to sing. She had a musical program called Interlude with Kyra on a television channel in Pennsylvania. She also was invited to join International Platform Association and began a thriving career as a speaker.
After nine years of marriage, she and her husband divorced, and Kyra moved to Los Angeles, where she became a contestant on Groucho Marx's show You Bet Your Life. In 1955 she appeared on the show Big Surprise, but failed to win the $100,000 jackpot.
She was offered a contract by a publisher to write her autobiography, and in 1959, Kyra, her first book, was published by Prentice-Hall. The TV appearance also led to more television and concert invitations. Unfortunately, Kyra had to stop singing many years later when a nerve of her vocal cord was nipped during a thyroid surgery.
In 1960, she met and married Dr. George Wayne, a distinguished psychiatrist. They traveled extensively, leading to Kyra becoming an enrichment lecturer on Royal Viking Line cruises, which she pursued for 10 years. Her husband died in 1994. Kyra has one son and five grandchildren. She was passionate about dogs, some of which are the subjects of her books.
Kyra died in June 2018 at the age of 99.
Her writing
Writing was part of her life from a very young age. A story she wrote at age 7 was published in a school magazine. In a special after-school playwriting program, she was part of a group of 10 students who created a Russian version of Huckleberry Finn for children's theater, which, she believed, continued to be performed in Russia. After the success of her autobiography, Kyra wrote 13 more books on various subjects from Greek mythology to Russian cooking and from Russian-American history to young adult novels.
Publications
Against All Odds (2015)
Memoirs of a Piano (2007)
The Chaperone (2006)
Pepper's Ordeal (2000)
Quest for Bigfoot (1996)
Li'l Ol' Charlie (1989)
Quest for Empire (1986)
Max: The Dog That Refused to Die (1979)
Rekindle the Dreams (1977)
The Witches of Barguzin (1975)
The Awakening (1973)
Shurik: A Story of the Siege of Leningrad (1970)
Secrets of Russian Cooking (1961)
The Quest for the Golden Fleece (1960)
Kyra (1959)
Other activities
In the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, Kyra was active in many cultural and civic organizations, receiving many awards and commendations. In the 1980s, she was the founder and president of the Clean Air Program (CAP), a program of the American Lung Association of Los Angeles County—intended to eradicate smog. She was president of the UCLA Medical Faculty Wives, a member of the board of ISOMATA, an international school of music and the arts, an affiliate of USC, and several other Los Angeles-based cultural organizations.
References
External links
Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne official website
Interview with Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne, Silver Star Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne, 26 June 2008.
Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne Silver Planet Photo Gallery, June 2008.
Detailed Bibliography of Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne
1918 births
2018 deaths
American women writers
American writers of Russian descent
Russian women writers
Russian writers
Soviet emigrants to the United States
Women in the Russian and Soviet military
21st-century American women
People from Crimea
Playing for Keeps is a 1986 American comedy film written and directed by brothers Bob and Harvey Weinstein. It stars Daniel Jordano, Matthew Penn and Leon W. Grant as a trio of inner-city teenagers attempting to strike it rich by turning a hotel into a rock 'n' roll resort. A then little-known Marisa Tomei has a supporting role.
Plot
18-year-old Danny d'Angelo, an alumnus of Benjamin Franklin High School in New York City, lives in an apartment with his mother and a charitable sister named Marie. One day in July, he discovers they have inherited the Hotel Majestic, a long-closed facility in Bethany, Pennsylvania — and along with it, $8,000 in unpaid taxes (equal to $ today). Danny's great-aunt Theresa once owned the place, but died before she could pay them off. Unknown to them, a firm called Pritchard Chemicals is willing to acquire the property for its Fox River project, and turn it into a chemical waste dump.
Danny discusses the scenario with two friends: a would-be entertainer named Silk Davis, and an athletic type named Spikes McClanahan. To earn enough money for keeping the Majestic, Danny attempts to open a bank account, while Silk and Spikes become suburban salespeople—but to no avail. Afterward, the three disguise themselves as members of the Boy Scouts, and successfully sell a lot of mint cookies to office workers.
Danny eventually makes Marie proud, not only with his earnings, but with a bundle of food supplies for a few needy neighbors. Soon, he and his friends travel to Hawley on a decorated van, but the worn-down state of the Majestic catches them off-guard. Rockefeller G. Harding, a residing hermit, gives them a tour that leaves the newcomers more appalled. They begin to renovate the building and transform it into "The New Hotel Majestic...For Kids Only", promising "MTV in every room" once it re-opens. But several of the townsfolk express their displeasure over what could happen to their town, and even take measures to keep Danny and friends out of their lives.
Meanwhile, Rockefeller suggests that Danny recruit stockholders to manage the hotel. In doing so, Danny scouts the New York streets and hires many of his friends for that purpose. Arriving in Hawley, the stockholders of Majestic Enterprises are as dismayed as Danny, Spikes and Silk previously were; the luxury they expected of the Majestic is nowhere in sight. Instead, they are put to the task of fixing up the place within a month, after which inspection will take place.
Cast
Daniel Jordano as Danny D'Angelo
Matthew Penn as "Spikes" McClanahan
Leon W. Grant as "Silk" Davis
Mary B. Ward as Chloe Hatcher
Marisa Tomei as Tracy
Jimmy Baio as Steinberg
Harold Gould as Robert Kennica / Rockefeller G. Harding
Kim Hauser as Marie
William Newman as Joshua
Robert Milli as Henry Cromwell
John Randolph Jones as Sheriff Billy Sullivan
Raymond J. Barry Mr. Hatcher, Chloe's Father
Hildy Brooks as Danny's Mom
Timothy Carhart as Emmett
Philip Kraus as Art Lewis
David Lipman as Bank Buddy
Stockholders
Bruce Kluger as Gene Epstein
Anthony Marciona as Ronnie Long
Glen Robert Robillard as Joel
Frank Scasso as Van Go Go
Lisa Schultz as Jill
Doug Warhit as Larry Diamond
Production
Playing for Keeps was inspired by the boyhood experiences of Harvey and Bob Weinstein, the founders of independent distributor Miramax Films; they served as its directors, co-writers and co-producers. It was partly based on Harvey's stint at the Century Theater in Buffalo, New York; in 1974, he purchased the facility with a friend named Horace "Corky" Burger, and ran it as a rock and roll venue until its 1978 demolition. Playing for Keeps was the Weinsteins' first effort as directors; their mother Miriam is mentioned in the "special thanks" section of the credits. The film was shot in New York City, along with several locations in Pennsylvania: Scranton, Bethany, Honesdale and Hawley. At one point in production, the brothers lacked money to continue it, and had to depend on their partner Frank McGuire to supply financing.
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack, released by Atlantic Records in 1986, features music by a decidedly higher-profile roster: Phil Collins, Peter Frampton, Pete Townshend, and Duran Duran splintergroup Arcadia. A music video for one of the tracks, Sister Sledge's "Here to Stay", was produced by Alan Brewer (the film's musical director), and directed by Harvey Weinstein and NFL Films' Phil Tuckett. Players from the Chicago Bears football team appeared in the video along with the band.
Several of the tracks in addition to "Here to Stay" were released as singles and/or became well-known. Pete Townshend's opening track, "Life to Life" reached number 39 on the Mainstream Rock charts. Chris Thompson's "It's Not Over" appeared later the same year, with a slightly longer fade-out, on Thompson's High Cost of Living album and was also released as a single. The tune would be covered by Starship the following year, becoming a top-ten hit for the group in the States. Music videos were also created for Arcadia's "Say the Word" and Julian Lennon's live take on "Stand by Me." Though not officially released as a single, Phil Collins' "We Said Hello, Goodbye" (which is actually a remixed version of a B-side for two of Collins' singles from No Jacket Required) received significant radio airplay at the time and became one of his more recognizable tunes. This remixed version is rarely heard today, while the original B-side version is sometimes heard on radio stations with "variety" formats.
Track listing
"Life to Life" - Pete Townshend
"It's Not Over" - Chris Thompson
"Distant Drums" - Peter Frampton
"It's Gettin' Hot" - Eugene Wilde
"Think We're Gonna Make It" - Hinton Battle
"We Said Hello, Goodbye (Don't Look Back)" - Phil Collins (The mix of this version of the song is different than the version that appears on the CD version of Phil Collins' album No Jacket Required.)
"Here to Stay" - Sister Sledge
"Say the Word" - Arcadia
"Make a Wish" - Joe Cruz
"Stand by Me" - Julian Lennon
Release
Playing for Keeps was made at a time when much of Miramax's output consisted of arthouse, foreign and documentary fare. It was produced by Miramax, and acquired by Universal Pictures for North American distribution. The MTV cable network aired a 22-minute making-of documentary, Playing for Keeps: The Team Behind a Dream, as part of the promotional efforts. Opening on October 3, 1986, the film made US$1.4 million from 1,148 theaters during opening weekend, and went on to earn US$2.663 million domestically.
Home media
It was released on VHS in July 1987, and on Region 1 DVD in August 2003.
Reception
Playing for Keeps did not fare well among critics. Patrick Golstein of the Los Angeles Times criticized many of its writing and technical aspects in his review, and deemed it "a hapless, dimwitted film which—like Flashdance and dozens of other feeble imitations—follows the dreary adventures of a band of teens fighting to achieve a cherished dream." Caryn James of The New York Times wrote, "[The film] is so low-budget innocuous that it resembles a below-average episode of the television series Fame. It probably should have bypassed theaters altogether and gone directly to videotape or television, where its staleness might have been less conspicuous." The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette's Marylynn Uricchio concurred with James: "While never exactly boring, Playing for Keeps is painful and mindless viewing nonetheless." Bill Kaufman of Newsday found the soundtrack "noisy, if nothing else." Dave Kehr of the Chicago Tribune gave it one star out of four.
See also
List of American films of 1986
Notes
References
External links
1986 films
1986 comedy films
Miramax films
American comedy films
Films shot in New York City
Films shot in Pennsylvania
Films produced by Harvey Weinstein
Universal Pictures films
1986 directorial debut films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
The 1996 International Touring Car Championship was the thirteenth season of premier German touring car championship and also only first and final season under the moniker of International Touring Car Championship. It was for FIA Class 1 Touring Cars and it was contested by Mercedes-Benz, Alfa Romeo and Opel. It was formed of the Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft series that ran both a short German & International-based series in 1995. These were fused together to form the International Touring Car Championship (abbreviated to ITC). The eventual champion was Manuel Reuter driving an Opel Calibra, and Opel won the manufacturer's championship.
Season summary
All three manufacturers were relatively equally-matched and competitive all season, with Opel's other winning drivers besides Reuter being the experienced Hans-Joachim Stuck, who took a double victory in Helsinki, and 1994 champion Klaus Ludwig who repeated the feat at Norisring. Alfa Romeo came second to Opel in the standings, with former Benetton Formula One driver Alessandro Nannini taking a convincing seven victories, including four-in-a-row midseason, to place third in the championship. Team-mate and compatriot Nicola Larini could manage just two wins late in a season blighted with retirements, meaning the Ferrari test driver would not be a feature in the title battle.
Mercedes-Benz may have finished third and last in the constructors standings, but were every bit as competitive as their two rivals. Reigning DTM & ITC champion Bernd Schneider racked up four wins, including a double at Diepholz, en route to second in the championship, though 1995's DTM runner-up Jörg van Ommen scored a solitary win in a lacklustre campaign. Their junior team-mates – future Stewart driver Jan Magnussen and IndyCar Series star to-be Dario Franchitti – also scored a win apiece in the first and last rounds of the series respectively. This meant the Scot placed a creditable fourth in the standings, whilst the Dane's mid-season defection to CART along with a number of retirements served to prevent him from challenging for the title. Others who impressed but failed to win a race included sometime Benetton and Sauber driver JJ Lehto for Opel, young Italian Giancarlo Fisichella, who combined an assured sophomore tin-top season for Alfa Romeo with a part-season for the Minardi F1 team, and former Porsche Supercup champion Uwe Alzen who completed the championship top ten by finishing in eighth for Opel.
Looking further down the field, ex-Tyrrell and Jordan F1 driver Stefano Modena endured an average season with Alfa Romeo, whilst fellow Alfa Romeo driver and former BTCC champion Gabriele Tarquini suffered from appalling luck which severely hampered his title tilt despite taking a convincing victory at Silverstone. Christian Danner also disappointed for Alfa Romeo, whilst the respective team-mates of Reuter and Schnieder – Le Mans winner Yannick Dalmas and former DTM champion Kurt Thiim – curiously also had torrid seasons. The latter was replaced at the end of the season, along with future F1 driver Alexander Wurz and Jason Watt, as all three manufacturers elected to enter a local driver each during the last two events at Interlagos and Suzuka. Among these, German F3 regular Max Wilson was the most impressive, the Brazilian finishing second on home turf at Interlagos.
In the end, it was consistency that gifted Reuter the title – he scored points during the first fifteen races of the season, and only failed to do so six times all season. In comparison, Schneider failed to score nine times and Nannini twelve, despite both taking more wins with four and seven respectively as opposed to Reuter's three.
Despite boasting a tremendously strong driver line-up, consisting largely of former F1 drivers, and ostensibly robust manufacturer support, the series suffered from poor media exposure and television coverage, which along with lacklustre spectator attendance figures meant there was comparatively little money coming into the series in comparison to the huge cost of running a 'Class 1' touring car. This was exacerbated by two long journeys to Interlagos, and Suzuka, circuits located in countries where some the competing cars weren't actually sold. This meant that Alfa Romeo and Opel announced in September they would pull out at the end of the series, despite having hitherto committed themselves to compete until the end of 1997. With Mercedes-Benz the only remaining manufacturer committed for 1997, the series was cancelled. It wouldn't be until 2000 that the championship was resurrected, albeit as the DTM which was based firmly in Germany.
Teams and drivers
Schedule and results
Drivers Championship standings
† Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.
Note: bold signifies pole position, italics signifies the fastest lap. Grid order for race 2 was decided by the finishing order in race 1.
Notes
Points System: 20–15–12–10–8–6–4–3–2–1 for the Top 10 drivers in each race. No extra points awarded.
Manufacturers Championship Standings
Final placings in the 1996 FIA Touring Car International Championship for Manufacturers were:
References
External links
1996 International Touring Car Championship standings from motorsport.com
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters seasons
Int
1996 International Touring Car Championship season
Janki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The spotted jewel-babbler (Ptilorrhoa leucosticta) is a species of bird in the family Cinclosomatidae.
It is found in the highlands of New Guinea.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
spotted jewel-babbler
Birds of New Guinea
spotted jewel-babbler
spotted jewel-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sir John Mills' Moving Memories is a British documentary film featuring 16mm color home movies shot by the actor Sir John Mills. It documents his life between 1946 and 1969, directed and edited by Marcus Dillistone and produced by his son Jonathan Mills. Commentary was provided by Sir John (who was over 90 years old at the time), Hayley Mills, Juliet Mills and Sir Richard Attenborough. His wife Mary Hayley Bell is also seen towards the end of the film listening to her husband singing at the piano. The scene was later to be screened in full when Sir John appeared on the Parkinson chat show.
The home movie clips date mainly from the 1950 and early 1960s and include appearances by Dirk Bogarde, David Niven, Laurence Olivier, James Mason, Lionel Jeffries, Rex Harrison, Walt Disney, Jean Simmons, Harry Andrews, Tyrone Power and Stewart Granger. Some of the color footage was shot on the sets of black and white movies such as Ice-Cold in Alex (1958) and Dunkirk (1958). Marcus, who also edited the film, spent many hours matching Sir John's home movie location clips to the finished scenes in these movies.
Jonathan said "I immediately realised what could be made using these home movies – a unique way of telling my father's extraordinary life story."
The film was broadcast by the BBC in its Christmas schedule.
In 2002 the film was released on DVD and VHS video by ITV Studios Home Entertainment.
References
External links
Sir John Mills' Moving Memories. Glory Film Co.
BBC television documentaries
Documentary films about actors
British television documentaries
2000 television specials
British television films
Teodor Cristian Rus (born 30 April 1974) is a Romanian former football midfielder and current manager.
References
1974 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
ACF Gloria Bistrița players
FC 08 Homburg players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
Karlsruher SC players
SV Waldhof Mannheim players
FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt players
FC Nöttingen players
2. Bundesliga players
Association football midfielders
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Romanian football managers
Romanian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Germany
People from Aiud
Tangeh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Tangeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Tangeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 24 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 1948 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Skyline Six Conference (Skyline Six) during the 1948 college football season. In their eighth and final season under head coach Eddie Kimball, the Cougars compiled a 5–6 record (1–3 against conference opponents), finished fifth in the Skyline Six, and were outscored by a total of 199 to 135.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen is a young adult novel by Dyan Sheldon. Originally released in 1999 through Candlewick Press, it was later turned into a Disney motion picture of the same name in 2004 starring Lindsay Lohan and was made one of the ALA book picks for 2006. A sequel, My (Not So) Perfect Life, was released in 2002.
Plot summary
The story starts with Mary Elizabeth "Lola" Cep as she moves to New Jersey with her family and attempts to become the Queen Bee at Dellwood High (which she prefers to call Deadwood High). In order to become Queen Bee she must contend with Carla Santini, the school's most popular girl, who has no intention of vacating her place in school society. Both end up vying for the role of Eliza Doolittle in the school play, Pygmalion. To sound more interesting to her people Lola lies to her new friend Ella Gerard about her father being killed by a vehicle while taking flowers to his wife. One morning Lola's favorite band, Sidartha, break up and are doing their last ever concert together in New York City. When Carla boasts that she gets VIP passes to the band's last concert and the after party, Lola says she and Ella are also going so they attempt to buy tickets but without success. Lola asks her mother if she can go who says unless she goes with her dad she can't.
Lola goes on a hunger strike to try to make her mother let her go which leads to disaster with weakness. Lola, unable to buy a decent dress at any second hand shop, gets Sam Creek to help her sneak the Eliza Doolittle dress for her to wear at the Sidartha concert. Lola and Ella sneak away to New York City and try to get the last two tickets but Lola remembered she left her money in her makeup kit which she left on the train. Unable to get into the concert Lola and Ella later see the singer of the Sidartha band, Stu Wolff, getting drunk as he leaves the party. Lola and Ella lead him into a restaurant to buy him coffee but Stu sneaks out by climbing out the bathroom window. Lola and Ella then get taken to the police station where Lola tells Ella the truth about her parents and her father comes to take them and Stu back to enjoy the after party and back home afterwards.
Lola and Ella return to school the next day and Lola confesses to the class that she borrowed Eliza Doolittle's dress for the concert which surprises Mrs Baggoli then Lola is eager to boast to Carla about their antics at the afterparty, but she and Ella become humiliated when Carla succeeds in convincing everyone else they never attended by showing the photos. Carla then convinces Mrs Baggoli to have the Pygmalion show at her mansion much to the disappointment of Lola. Devastated about the humiliation, Lola goes home, upset, and decides not to perform in the show. But she changes her mind the night of the play after Ella calls her out on this, and Lola rushes to school to take on her role as the lead. The book ends with the play as a success and with Lola and Carla in the bathroom fixing up their makeup for the after party while they acknowledge each other.
Characters
Mary Elizabeth "Lola" Cep
The main character of the story who was born in New York City, has a passion for being an actor and is competing with Carla Santini.
Ella Gerard
Lola's best friend who lives in New Jersey and becomes more assertive as the story proceeds.
Carla Santini
The most popular girl in Dellwood High and Lola's enemy who has a passion for making Lola's life miserable.
Mrs Baggoli
Lola's teacher in Dellwood High who directs the class into making the Pygmalion show.
Stuart "Stu" Wolff
The lead singer of Lola's favorite band Sidhartha who gets drunk and is helped by Lola and Ella.
Pam Cep and Paula Cep
The Twins: Lola's younger siblings.
Mr and Mrs Gerard
Ella Gerard's parents who don't approve of Lola at first.
Karen Kapok Cep
Lola's mother whose idea it was to move from New York City to New Jersey for a quieter life.
Sam Creek
A kid from Dellwood High who helps Lola sneak out Eliza Doolittle's Dress.
Reception
Critical reception for Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen was positive, with Booklist calling it "hilarious" and "truly funny". Publishers Weekly positively reviewed the book, praising Lola's "wit and charm". Kirkus Reviews also positively reviewed the book, citing the supporting cast as one of the highlights of the book.
Film adaptation
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen was adapted into a theatrical film starring Lindsay Lohan. The film received negative reviews from critics receiving a rating of 13% on Rotten Tomatoes.
Resources
1999 American novels
American young adult novels
American novels adapted into films
Candlewick Press books
Novels set in New Jersey
Scopula napariata is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Brazil and Colombia.
Subspecies
Scopula napariata napariata (Brazil)
Scopula napariata acrates Prout, 1938 (Colombia)
References
Moths described in 1858
napariata
Moths of South America
Jesse Bullington is an American fantasy writer from Boulder, Colorado. He has also published as Alex Marshall.
Biography
Bullington grew up in Pennsylvania, before his family moved to the Netherlands, and then back to the United States. In 2000, Bullington received his high school diploma from SAIL High School, an arts-focused magnet school in Tallahassee, Florida. In 2005, he obtained a dual bachelor's degree in literature and history from Florida State University.
Works
He is the author of several stand-alone historical fantasy novels, Sad Tale of the Brothers Grossbart, The Enterprise of Death, and The Folly of the World, all published by Orbit Books. He has also written an epic fantasy trilogy consisting of the installments A Crown for Cold Silver, A Blade of Black Steel and A War in Crimson Embers under the pen name Alex Marshall.
His novels all use a picaresque, darkly humorous theme, and include numerous references to medieval art or renaissance art and large elements of satire. His novels are heavily informed by his love of the Gothic novel and by his passion for medieval European literature and history.
On his use of gallows humor, Bullington has remarked that "unless you live an extremely sheltered and privileged life, reality is a sea teeming with the grim and the gruesome, and finding humor in otherwise bleak situations can be one of our best lifebuoys."
References
21st-century American novelists
American fantasy writers
American male novelists
Writers from Boulder, Colorado
Florida State University alumni
Living people
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from Colorado
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rubas () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Rubassky Selsoviet, Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 3,099 as of 2010. There are 44 streets.
Geography
Rubas is located 19 km south of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Aglobi and Kommuna are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Tabasarans, Azerbaijanis, Lezgins and Aghuls live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
The 1997 Players Championship was a golf tournament in Florida on the PGA Tour, held at TPC Sawgrass in Ponte Vedra Beach, southeast of Jacksonville. It was the 24th Players Championship.
Steve Elkington led wire-to-wire, with all four rounds in the sixties, to win his second Players at 272 (−16), a record seven strokes ahead of runner-up Scott Hoch. Elkington's previous win was six years earlier in 1991.
In his first Players, 21-year-old Tiger Woods tied for 31st at 289 (+1); two weeks later, he won the Masters by a record margin.
Defending champion Fred Couples finished thirteen strokes back, in a tie for tenth place.
Venue
This was the sixteenth Players Championship held at the TPC at Sawgrass Stadium Course, and it remained at .
Eligibility requirements
All winners of PGA Tour events awarding official money and official victory status in the preceding 12 months, concluding with the Bay Hill Invitational and dating from the 1996 Players Championship
The top 125 PGA Tour members from the final 1996 Official Money List
Winners in the last 10 calendar years of The Players Championship, Masters Tournament, U.S. Open, PGA Championship, and NEC World Series of Golf
British Open winners since 1990
Eight players, not otherwise eligible, designated by The Players Championship Committee as "special selections"
Any players, not otherwise eligible, who are among the top 10 money winners from the 1997 Official Money List through the Bay Hill Invitational
To complete a field of 144 players, those players in order, not otherwise eligible, from the 1997 Official Money List through the Bay Hill Invitational
Source:
Field
John Adams, Fulton Allem, Robert Allenby, Billy Andrade, Stuart Appleby, Emlyn Aubrey, Woody Austin, Paul Azinger, Chip Beck, Ronnie Black, Phil Blackmar, Jay Don Blake, Guy Boros, Michael Bradley, Mike Brisky, Mark Brooks, Olin Browne, Brad Bryant, Patrick Burke, Mark Calcavecchia, Jim Carter, Brandel Chamblee, Lennie Clements, Russ Cochran, John Cook, Fred Couples, Ben Crenshaw, John Daly, Robert Damron, Marco Dawson, Glen Day, Scott Dunlap, Joe Durant, David Duval, David Edwards, Joel Edwards, Steve Elkington, Ernie Els, Brad Fabel, Nick Faldo, Brad Faxon, Rick Fehr, Dan Forsman, David Frost, Fred Funk, Jim Furyk, Jim Gallagher Jr., Robert Gamez, Kelly Gibson, Paul Goydos, Wayne Grady, Scott Gump, Jay Haas, Donnie Hammond, Dudley Hart, Nolan Henke, Brian Henninger, Tim Herron, Scott Hoch, Mike Hulbert, John Huston, Peter Jacobsen, Lee Janzen, Steve Jones, Pete Jordan, Jerry Kelly, Tom Kite, Greg Kraft, Neal Lancaster, Bernhard Langer, Tom Lehman, Justin Leonard, Wayne Levi, Davis Love III, Steve Lowery, Sandy Lyle, Andrew Magee, Jeff Maggert, John Maginnes, Doug Martin, Len Mattiace, Billy Mayfair, Blaine McCallister, Scott McCarron, Mark McCumber, Mark McNulty, Rocco Mediate, Phil Mickelson, Larry Mize, Colin Montgomerie, Gil Morgan, John Morse, Larry Nelson, Frank Nobilo, Greg Norman, Mark O'Meara, David Ogrin, Masashi Ozaki, Naomichi Ozaki, Jesper Parnevik, Craig Parry, Corey Pavin, Chris Perry, Kenny Perry, Don Pooley, Nick Price, Dicky Pride, Tom Purtzer, Mike Reid, Lee Rinker, Loren Roberts, Costantino Rocca, Clarence Rose, Hugh Royer III, Scott Simpson, Joey Sindelar, Vijay Singh, Jeff Sluman, Taylor Smith, Craig Stadler, Paul Stankowski, Payne Stewart, Dave Stockton Jr., Curtis Strange, Steve Stricker, Hal Sutton, Tommy Tolles, David Toms, Sam Torrance, Kirk Triplett, Ted Tryba, Bob Tway, Omar Uresti, Grant Waite, Duffy Waldorf, Tom Watson, Brian Watts, D. A. Weibring, Mark Wiebe, John Wilson, Willie Wood, Tiger Woods, Ian Woosnam, Fuzzy Zoeller
Round summaries
First round
Thursday, March 27, 1997
Source:
Second round
Friday, March 28, 1997
Source:
Third round
Saturday, March 29, 1997
Source:
Final round
Sunday, March 30, 1997
References
External links
The Players Championship website
1997
1997 in golf
1997 in American sports
1997 in sports in Florida
March 1997 sports events in the United States
, ARC was founded in Tokyo, Japan, in 1987. It is believed to be the first organization dedicated to promoting and celebrating the works of Arthur Ransome. Its members refer to themselves as "Ransomites" ("Ransamaito").
History
The Club was founded in 1987 by Tamami Nakayama.
The Club celebrated its 10th anniversary in 1997 at the "10-Gong Festival" in a central Tokyo hotel. Members of "The Arthur Ransome Society" were in attendance and a presentation of the newly published book Arthur Ransome and the Japanese connection was made to each ARC member.
ARC now
ARC publishes a yearly journal called 1929.
External links
Arthur Ransome Club (of Japan) website in English.
Arthur Ransome
Erazm Rudolf Fabijański, also Fabjański or Fabiański (1826, Żytomierz — 17 July 1892, Kraków) was a Polish painter, illustrator and set designer.
Biography
The details of his early life are unclear. He apparently began by studying medicine in Kiev, then switched to the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint Petersburg, where he studied painting and lithography. In 1848, he was one of the artists who provided illustrations for Topographical Anatomy of the Human Body by Nikolay Pirogov.
From 1852 to 1860, he was Director of the theater in Żytomierz, where he designed sets for an early production of Halka, by Stanisław Moniuszko. In 1857, he created several lithographs of the Church of the Tithes, which appeared in the Gallery of Kiev Antiquities. During this time, he married an actress named Helena Zielinska.
In 1861 he was briefly jailed for "patriotic activities". Following his release, he moved to Warsaw, where he wrote for the Kurier Warszawski and provided illustrations for Tygodnik Illustrowany and the satirical journal Kłosy (Ears).
Two years later, he participated in the January Uprising. When it was suppressed, he went into a self-imposed exile, first in Vienna, then to France, where he may have worked as a decorator in Marseille before going to Paris. Later, he joined the French Foreign Legion and was wounded fighting in the Franco-Prussian War. After 1871, he returned to Poland and settled in Lwów, where he painted murals at St. George's Cathedral and created sets for several operas.
In 1880, he moved to Kraków, where he decorated churches and theaters; occasionally travelling to paint in other cities. Today, he is remembered largely for his numerous cityscapes and architectural paintings. His son, Stanisław, born while he was in Paris, also became a painter; best known for his cityscapes.
References
External links
More works by Fabijański @ the National Museum, Kraków
1826 births
1892 deaths
19th-century Polish painters
19th-century Polish male artists
Polish illustrators
Polish set decorators
Polish scenic designers
Polish muralists
Polish people of Ukrainian descent
Artists from Zhytomyr
19th-century Polish artists
Polish male painters
Muaskar Anole (Anole School) also known as Anoole, Caanole, Mu'askar Anole, Mucaskarka Caanoole, Caanoole Mu'askar, Mucaskarka al-Furqan, al-Furqan Camp or al-Furqan Forces was an Islamist militia in Somalia. The group participated in the 2006-2009 insurgency against Ethiopia and in January 2009 merged with the Asmara based wing of the Alliance for the Re-liberation of Somalia, led by Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys, the Ras Kamboni Brigade, led by Sheikh Hassan Abdullah Hersi al-Turki and Jabhatul Islamiya to form Hizbul Islam which became the second most powerful insurgent group (after al-Shabaab) in Somalia which continued fighting the TFG and AMISOM peacekeepers, after Ethiopian withdrawal. Little is known about the group.
On 21 April 2009, Anole and the Ras Kamboni brigades fought each other in a village called Abdalla Birole, which lies 40 km west of Kismayo. This happened after Anole fighters invaded a village called Bulo Haji, while Ras Kamboni Brigade fighters arrived in Abdalla Birole and they clashed. The situation in the two villages was said to be tense, 4 people were killed and 7 injured during the fighting.
References
Guerrilla organizations
Islamic political organizations
Islamist groups
Jihadist groups
Organizations designated as terrorist in Africa
Islamic terrorism in Somalia
Rebel groups in Somalia
2007 establishments in Somalia
2009 disestablishments in Somalia
Somalia War (2006–2009)
Factions in the Somali Civil War
Nikola Stamatov (; born 2 September 1956) is a Bulgarian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Bulgarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Bulgaria
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Aksenov/Aksyonov (/; masculine) or Aksenova/Aksyonova (/; feminine) is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Modern localities
Aksenov, Rostov Oblast, a khutor in Novotsimlyanskoye Rural Settlement of Tsimlyansky District in Rostov Oblast
Aksenov, Volgograd Oblast, a khutor in Verkhnekardailsky Selsoviet of Novonikolayevsky District in Volgograd Oblast
Alternative names
Aksenova, alternative name of Aksenovo, a village in Ivanovskoye Settlement of Sharyinsky District in Kostroma Oblast;
Aksenova, alternative name of Aksenovo, a village in Belavinskoye Rural Settlement of Orekhovo-Zuyevsky District in Moscow Oblast;
Aksenova, alternative name of Aksenovo, a village in Vyalkovskoye Rural Settlement of Ramensky District in Moscow Oblast;
Aksenova, alternative name of Aksenovo, a village under the administrative jurisdiction of Fryanovo Work Settlement in Shchyolkovsky District of Moscow Oblast;
Aksenova, alternative name of Aksenovo, a village in Chismenskoye Rural Settlement of Volokolamsky District in Moscow Oblast;
Aksenova, alternative name of Aksenovo, a selo in Aksenovsky Selsoviet of Lyambirsky District in the Republic of Mordovia;
See also
Aksenovo
Aksenovka
The Western (Latin) and Eastern (Greek) divisions of Christianity began to take on distinctive shape in 7th-century Christianity. Whereas in the East the Church maintained its structure and character and evolved more slowly, in the West the Bishops of Rome (the popes) were forced to adapt more quickly and flexibly to drastically changing circumstances. In particular, whereas the bishops of the East maintained clear allegiance to the Eastern Roman emperor, the Bishop of Rome, while maintaining nominal allegiance to the Eastern emperor, was forced to negotiate delicate balances with the "barbarian rulers" of the former Western provinces. Although the greater number of Christians remained in the East, the developments in the West would set the stage for major developments in the Christian world during the later Middle Ages.
During the 7th century an Arabian religious leader named Muhammad began to spread the message of the Qur'an (Koran), which includes some traditions similar to those of the Christian and Jewish faith. This new faith, called submission or الإسلام (al-'islām) in Arabic, proclaimed the worship and obedience of a purely monotheist God or Allah in Arabic as the purpose of life, and Islam would ultimately prove to be the greatest challenge that the Christian Church would face during the Middle Ages. By the 630s Muhammad had united the entire Arabian peninsula under Islam, including the formerly Christian kingdom of Yemen. Following Muhammad's death a Muslim empire, or caliphate, emerged which began efforts to expand beyond Arabia. Shortly before Mohammad's death the Roman Empire and Sassanid Persian Empire had concluded decades of war, leaving both empires crippled.
Ecumenical Councils
Third Council of Constantinople
The Third Council of Constantinople (680–681): repudiated monothelitism and affirmed that Christ had both human and divine wills. It is considered one of the first seven Ecumenical councils
Quinisext Council
The Quinisext Council or Council in Trullo (692) has not been accepted by the Roman Catholic Church. Since it was mostly an administrative council for raising some local canons to ecumenical status, establishing principles of clerical discipline, addressing the Biblical canon, and establishing the pentarchy, without determining matters of doctrine, the Eastern Orthodox Church does not consider it to be a full-fledged council in its own right; instead it is considered to be an extension of the fifth and sixth councils.
Western theology
When the Western Roman Empire fragmented under the impact of various barbarian invasions, the empire-wide intellectual culture that had underpinned late patristic theology had its interconnections cut. Theology tended to become more localised, more diverse, more fragmented. The classic Christianity preserved in Italy by men like Boethius and Cassiodorus was different from the vigorous Frankish Christianity documented by Gregory of Tours, which was different from the Christianity that flourished in Ireland and Northumbria in the 7th and 8th centuries. Throughout this period, theology tended to be a more monastic affair, flourishing in monastic havens where the conditions and resources for theological learning could be maintained.
Important writers include:
Isidore of Seville (c.560-636)
Bede (672-736)
Monasticism
Western
Wealthy lords and nobles would give the monasteries estates in exchange for the conduction of masses for the soul of a deceased loved one. Though this was likely not the original intent of Benedict of Nursia, the efficiency of his cenobitic rule in addition to the stability of the monasteries made such estates very productive; the general monk was essentially raised to a level of nobility; for the serfs of the estate would tend to the labor while the monk was free to study. The monasteries thus attracted many of the best people in society, and during this period the monasteries were the central storehouses and producers of knowledge.
Eastern
Of great importance to the development of monasticism is the Saint Catherine's Monastery on Mount Sinai. The Ladder of Divine Ascent was written there by John Climacus (c.600), a work of such importance that many Orthodox monasteries to this day read it publicly either during the Divine Services or in Trapeza during Great Lent.
At the height of the Byzantine Empire, numerous great monasteries were established by the emperors, including the twenty "sovereign monasteries" on Mount Athos, an actual "monastic republic" wherein the entire country is devoted to bringing souls closer to God. In this milieu, the Philokalia was compiled.
Spread of Christianity
England
Christianization of Anglo-Saxon England began around 600, influenced by the Gregorian mission from the southeast and the Hiberno-Scottish mission from the northwest. Augustine, the first Archbishop of Canterbury, took office in 597. Arwald, the last pagan Anglo-Saxon king, was killed in 686.
Germanic peoples
Colombanus, Boniface, Willibrord, and others took Christianity into northern Europe and spread Catholicism among the Germanic and Slavic peoples. The Synod of Whitby of 664, though not as decisive as sometimes claimed, was an important moment in the reintegration of the Celtic Church of the British Isles into the Roman hierarchy, after having been effectively cut from contact with Rome by the pagan invaders.
The Alamanni became Christians after a period of syncretism during the 7th century, by gradual emulation of the new religion of the Merovingian elite.
Christian missionaries to the Anglo-Saxons include:
Augustine of Canterbury
Laurence of Canterbury
Mellitus
Justus
Chad of Mercia
Saint Honorius
Aidan of Lindisfarne
Saint Trudpert (Irish, 7th century)
Saint Rumbold
China
When Christianity was first introduced to China, three major religious systems, Buddhism, Confucianism, and Taoism, were already popular there, woven into the ancient traditions and customs of the people. The average Chinese did not regard himself as an exclusive adherent of any one of the three but rather as a follower of a general Chinese religion made up of both animistic and polytheistic elements which represented a syncretistic conglomeration of ideas. Thus the Christian church with its divisive and exclusionist policies had some difficulties. Only in the periods of the Tang (618-906) and Yuan (1206–1368) dynasties did the gospel enterprise have any considerable degree of success.
The ancient Breviary of the Syrian church of Malabar written during 17th century states that "By the means of St. Thomas the Chinese...were converted to the truth...By means of St. Thomas the kingdom of heaven flew and entered into China...The Chinese in commemoration of St. Thomas do offer their adoration unto Thy most Holy Name, O God."
Active trade for centuries between China and the West could have brought Christian missionaries at an early date. But aside from one rather obscure reference in the Adversus Gentes by Arnobius (303) to "the Chinese as among those united in the faith of Christ, there is little or no evidence of Christians in China before the 7th century. But from then on the evidence of Christianity in China during the T'ang Era (618-906) are numerous, including references in Chinese writings, imperial edicts, and in particular the famous inscriptions on the so-called "Nestorian Monument". During the Tلng period conditions were favorable for the introduction of foreign faiths: the lines of international communication were wide open; foreign trade flourished; the government was tolerant toward all faiths; all foreigners were welcome in various capacities. It was in this T'ang Era that Christianity first came to be known as the "Luminous Religion" (Jǐng Jiào, °ج).
Following this is an account of how Alopen of Dà-chin (the Near East, especially Syria or Persia) arrived in Ch'angan in 635 bearing the Scriptures. He was welcomed by Emperor T'ai Tsung, the founder of the Tang dynasty. The emperor, having examined the sacred writings, ordered their translation and the preaching of their message. He also directed the building of a Christian monastery in his capital. According to the inscription, his successor, Emperor Kao Tsung, also encouraged Christianity and ordered the building of a monastery in each province of his domain.
The second part of the monument was written in Syriac and listed some sixty-seven names: one bishop, twenty-eight presbyters, and thirty-eight monks. Some of these have been verified from Assyrian church records. The inscription displays considerable grace of literary style, and the allusions and phraseology reveal competence in both Chinese and Syriac and familiarity with both Buddhism and Taoism. Ancient Christian manuscripts were also discovered at Dunhuang from about the same period and are written in the literary style of the Monument. These include a "Hymn to the Trinity" and refer to at least thirty Christian books, indicating that considerable Christian literature was in circulation.
The 250-year span of the Christian movement in the T'ang period was characterized by vicissitudes of imperial favor and prosperity, persecution and decline. Christianity fared badly during the reign of Dowager Wu (689-699), who was an ardent Buddhist. However, several succeeding emperors were favorable, and the missionary forces were reinforced from time to time.
Northeast Asia
The trade routes of the Silk Road are also known to have reached Korea, Japan, and what is today eastern Russia by this time, contributing to these exchanges. Against this background it is from China, in particular from Chang-an during the Tang dynasty, that Christianity also first came to Korea and Japan.
In the case of Korea, where Christianity seems to have been present, evidence has been found in the Korean Chronicles Sanguk Yusa and Sanguksa, for the presence of Nestorian Christianity during the united Silla dynasty (661-935). This is not unexpected in the light of the known presence of Koreans at the tang capital, Chang-an, in the 7th to 9th centuries.
Middle East
The Muslim presence in the Holy Land began with the initial Muslim conquest of Syria in the 7th century. The Muslim armies' successes put increasing pressure on the Eastern Orthodox Byzantine Empire.
Early Muslim conquest of these lands in the 7th and 8th centuries did not introduce direct persecution. However, Muslim apostasy was curbed by threat of death, and many nominal Christians began to gradually defect to Islam to avoid discrimination and heavy taxation. This type of subtle oppression stifled Christian growth, backed the church into ghetto communities, and discouraged evangelism. Muslim governments eventually gained control of the great trade routes, and the Islamic world became virtually closed to the proclamation of the Gospel.
In 644, Abdisho had succeeded in drawing a large number of Turks, beyond the Oxus River, into the Church of the East. Colleges were established in Merv, and a monastery was founded there in the 8th century.
In fact, so successful were the missionary efforts that it appeared that Christianity might become the dominant faith in the whole region between the Caspian Sea and Xinjiang in northwest China. The largely animistic and polytheistic religions there offered little or no effective resistance to the higher faith. Moreover, Islam at first made little headway in that area, and the dualistic faith of Manichaeism also had scant appeal.
Christian Turks visiting Ctesiphon in connection with the election of a new metropolitan about this time were described as people of clean habits and orthodox beliefs and as readers of the Scriptures in both Syriac and their own language.
Byzantine and Muslim conflict
The Roman-Persian Wars
Lasting from 92 BC to 627 AD, the conflict between the Persian and Roman Empires was a protracted struggle which was arguably a continuation of the Greco-Persian Wars. The Roman-Persian Wars led to weakening of the neighboring Arab states to the South and East of the Eastern Roman Empire. The conflict so drained both the Persian and Byzantine empires that once the conquests of Muhammad started, neither could mount an effective defense against the onslaught. Persia fell to the Muslims.
Byzantine-Arab Wars
Following the death of Muhammad in 632, there was a vigorous push by the Arab Muslims to conquer Arab tribes of the East such as the mostly Christian Ghassanids. The Byzantine-Muslim Wars were a series of wars between the Arab Muslims Caliphates and the Eastern Orthodox Byzantine Empire. These started during the initial Muslim conquests under the Rashidun and Umayyad caliphs and continued in the form of an enduring border tussle until the beginning of the Crusades. As a result, the Byzantines saw an extensive loss of territory.
The initial conflict lasted from 629 to 717, ending with the Second Arab Siege of Constantinople that halted the rapid expansion of the Arab Muslim Empire or Umayyad dynasty into Asia Minor.
After the Arab conquest of North Africa in the 7th century the Eastern Orthodox Church of Egypt in Alexandria were a minority even among Christians and remained small for centuries.
Timeline
See also
Christian monasticism
Christianization
Chronological list of saints in the 7th century
Church Fathers
Development of the New Testament canon
History of Calvinist-Arminian debate
History of Christian theology
History of Christianity
History of Oriental Orthodoxy
History of the Eastern Orthodox Church
History of the Roman Catholic Church
List of Church Fathers
Patristics
Timeline of Christian missions
Timeline of Christianity
Timeline of the Roman Catholic Church
Notes and references
Further reading
Lawrence, C. H. Medieval Monasticism. 3rd ed. Harlow: Pearson Education, 2001.
Fletcher, Richard, The Conversion of Europe. From Paganism to Christianity 371-1386 AD. London 1997.
Eusebius, Ecclesiastical History, book 1, ch.19
Socrates, Ecclesiastical History, book 3, ch. 1
Parthia and Persia
Mingana, The Early Spread of Christianity in Central Asia and the Far East
The Great Persecution
Theodoret, Ecclesiastical History 1
Eusebius, Life of Constantine 4:56
Aphrahat, Demonstrations 5
Sozomen, Ecclesiastical History 2, 9-10
China
A.C. Moule, Christians in China Before The year 1550
Arthur Lloyd, The Creed of Half Japan
Catholic Encyclopedia, 3:667
P.Y. Saeki, The Nestorian Documents and Relics in China and The Nestorian Monument in China
External links
Schaff's ''The Seven Ecumenical Councils
07
07
David Kernahan (born 11 July 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played with Carlton Football Club in the Victorian (VFL) and Australian Football Leagues (AFL), and Glenelg Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) in the 1980s and 1990s.
The son of former Glenelg star Harry Kernahan and the younger brother of champion footballer Stephen Kernahan, much was expected of David Kernahan and after playing in two SANFL premierships with Glenelg, Kernahan was taken with pick number 39 in the 1987 VFL Draft by Carlton, which had recruited his brother the year before.
Nicknamed "Dooza", Kernahan made his senior VFL debut with Carlton in Round One, 1988, against Hawthorn Football Club and while he had to undergo a season-ending knee reconstruction soon after, Kernahan returned in 1989 and was awarded the Carlton Reserves "Best Clubman" that year.
Kernahan had his best season in 1990, playing 19 games at full-back and finishing equal fifth in Carlton's Best and Fairest. He enjoyed further good form in 1991, again finishing fifth in the Best and Fairest, before further injuries took toll, playing only seven games in 1992 and one game in 1993.
References
Blueseum profile
1965 births
Living people
Carlton Football Club players
Glenelg Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
1889 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Princeton Tigers
Association football
Denmark
Formation of the Danish Football Union (Dansk Boldspil-Union or DBU)
England
The Football League – Preston North End 40 points, Aston Villa 29, Wolves 28, Blackburn Rovers 26, Bolton Wanderers 22, West Bromwich Albion 22
FA Cup final – Preston North End 3–0 Wolverhampton Wanderers at The Oval.
Preston North Ends wins the inaugural Football League championship unbeaten, an achievement that will not be equalled until 2003–04 by Arsenal. Preston also wins the FA Cup to become the first team ever to complete The Double. The team earns the nickname of "Invincibles".
The Football Alliance is founded as a rival to the Football League. It is short-lived and collapses in 1892 when the Football League expands. The Alliance is brokered by Sheffield Wednesday president John Holmes. Founder members include Sheffield Wednesday, Newton Heath (Manchester United), Nottingham Forest, Small Heath (Birmingham City) and Grimsby Town. Ardwick (Manchester City) will join in 1891 for the final season.
Sheffield United is founded. With Sheffield Wednesday having left Bramall Lane in 1887, the management committee of the Bramall Lane complex decides to form a new football club at the ground, using Sheffield United Cricket Club as its basis. Bramall Lane is the world's oldest professional football venue, though not the longest in continuous use (which is Deepdale).
The 1889–90 Football League season features the same 12 teams as in 1888–89.
Netherlands
8 December — formation of the Royal Dutch Football Association (i.e., the Koninklijke Nederlandse Voetbalbond or KNVB).
Scotland
Scottish Cup final – Third Lanark 2–1 Celtic (replay; the SFA declared the original match void due to adverse conditions). Celtic reaches the Scottish Cup final in the club's inaugural season.
Baseball
National championship
National League v. American Association – New York Giants (NL) defeats Brooklyn Dodgers (AA) 6 games to 3.
Boxing
Events
8 July — John L. Sullivan defeats Jake Kilrain after 75 rounds in the last major bareknuckle contest. Some authorities recognise it as a world title contest although it is fought under London Prize Ring Rules rather than the now-accepted Queensberry Rules.
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – John L. Sullivan
World Middleweight Championship – Jack Nonpareil Dempsey
World Welterweight Championship – Paddy Duffy
World Lightweight Championship – Jack McAuliffe
Cricket
Events
12–13 March — South Africa plays its inaugural Test match against the touring England national cricket team. England wins by 8 wickets. The match also marks the beginning of first-class cricket in South Africa where the Currie Cup is inaugurated as the premier domestic competition.
The number of balls per over in England is increased from four to five. The four-ball over has been used since time immemorial.
The major English county cricket clubs meet to agree a way of deciding an order of ranking for the next season; the official County Championship is established.
England
Champion County – Surrey, Lancashire and Nottinghamshire share the title
Most runs – W. G. Grace 1,396 @ 32.46 (HS 154)
Most wickets – George Lohmann 202 @ 13.43 (BB 9–67)
Wisden Nine Great Batsmen of the Year – Bobby Abel, Billy Barnes, Billy Gunn, Louis Hall, Robert Henderson, Maurice Read, Arthur Shrewsbury, Frank Sugg, Albert Ward
Australia
Most runs – Harry Trott 507 @ 39.00 (HS 172)
Most wickets – John Ferris 36 @ 15.83 (BB 6–62)
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – Willie Park junior
Other tournaments
British Amateur – Johnny Laidlay
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Frigate
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Minthe
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Enthusiast
The Derby – Donovan
The Oaks – L'Abbesse de Jouarre
St. Leger Stakes – Donovan
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Bravo
Canada
Queen's Plate – Colonist
Ireland
Irish Grand National – The Citadel
Irish Derby Stakes – Tragedy
USA
Kentucky Derby – Spokane
Preakness Stakes – Buddhist
Belmont Stakes – Eric
Ice hockey
Events
27 March — Montreal Hockey Club defeats Montreal Victorias 6–1 in the final challenge of the season to win the 1889 AHAC championship
Rowing
The Boat Race
30 March — Cambridge wins the 46th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Home Nations Championship
The 7th series is won by Scotland following victories over both Ireland and Wales.
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – William Renshaw (GB) defeats Ernest Renshaw (GB) 6–4 6–1 3–6 6–0
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Blanche Bingley Hillyard (GB) defeats Lena Rice (GB) 4–6 8–6 6–4
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Henry Slocum (USA) defeats Quincy Shaw (USA) 6–3 6–1 4–6 6–2
American Women's Singles Championship – Bertha Townsend (USA) defeats Lida Voorhees (USA) 7–5 6–2
References
Sports by year
Monte Balmaceda is a heavily glaciated mountain located in the Magallanes Region of Chile. It stands at the head of Última Esperanza Sound, in the south portion of Bernardo O'Higgins National Park and near the mouth of the Serrano River. The glaciers Balmaceda and Serrano mantle the slopes of the mount.
In its vicinity is Torres del Paine National Park.
See also
Puerto Natales
Cordillera Riesco
Cordillera Sarmiento
Fjord of the Mountains
References
Mountains of Chile
Mountains of Magallanes Region
Mocímboa da Praia District is a district of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique. The district capital is Mocímboa da Praia town.
External links
Districts in Cabo Delgado Province
Zeal Monachorum (; Latin translation Cell of the Monks) is a village and civil parish in the Mid Devon district of Devon, England, about north-west of Exeter, situated on the River Yeo. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 398. The village is in the electoral ward of Taw whose population at the 2011 Census was 1,660.
The parish of Zeal Monachorum covers an area of almost 3,400 acres (1370 hectares) at a height of 280 - 640 feet (85 – 195 metres) above sea level. It lies at the centre of Devon, situated between the A3072 Okehampton to Crediton road on the south and the B3220 Torrington to Morchard road on the north, about halfway between Crediton and Okehampton. The village itself is on the south-facing hillside of the Yeo valley looking towards Dartmoor.
The civil parish includes a number of hamlets such as East Leigh, Leigh Cross and Waie.
A mile to the south-west of the village is Reeve Castle, a large turreted house dated 1900 and restored from a ruinous state in the late twentieth century.
History
In the Domesday Book (1086) the present parish of Zeal Monachorum consisted of four manors, Zeal Monachorum and Burston (both known as Limet, because of their proximity to the River Limet or Yeo), Newton and Loosebeare.
There is a local Saxon reference dated AD967 to land at Lesmanoac, and early maps refer to the settlement as Monkenfield, Munkton and Monks Nymet. The present name, written earlier than Sele and Zele, is said to derive from the fact that the manor of Zeal Monachorum had been given to the Abbey of Buckfast in 1018 by King Cnut (along with the manor of Down St Mary), hence a "cell of the monks" ("celle" in Old French and "cella" in Latin). The manor remained the property of Buckfast Abbey until the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1539. The link with the Cistercian abbey is seen on the village sign at the top of Town Hill outside the church. The sale of the manor of Monckenzeale or Zealemonachorum is reported in documents of 1616.
In 1841 the parish covered over and had a population of about 600. The Lord of the Manor owned nearly , and other large estates included Beer, Sutton, the three Newtons, Burrow, Loosebeare, the Higher, Middle and Lower Burston, Barons Wood, Gillhouse, Foldhay, Higher Week, Serston, Nymphays, Waie and Tuckingmill. By 1901 the population had dropped to 316 and by the end of the First World War in which 19 members of the parish lost their lives, the population was 271.
The parish church dates from 1235 with a late-Saxon font and a yew tree reputed to be at least 1000 years old in the churchyard. The exterior of the tower dates from the early 16th century with a 13th-century interior still extant. It was originally one storey higher. Five of the present peal of six bells were cast in 1749 and the sixth was added in 1925. The Devon Association of Bellringers was founded at Zeal Monachorum in 1924. Ringing ceased in 1967 when the tower became unsafe. After strengthening and renovation, ringing began again in 1990. In 2005 a major restoration was undertaken, funded by a local appeal which raised over £30,000. The bells were rededicated on 18 August 2007. The church clock was also refurbished in 2007 with joint Devon County, Parish Council and Parochial Church Council funding.
There has also been an active Independent Congregational Chapel in the village since the late 19th century, with members of church and chapel attending each other's festive services. It is now closed and in private hands.
Regular community events are held in the village hall which is maintained and managed by a locally elected committee. The hall was originally a primary (public elementary) school which had 108 pupils in 1923 and many more during the Second World War when evacuees arrived, but it closed in 1954. The Church Hall was demolished in 1958, and the site is now a car park.
References
External links
Villages in Devon
Retraining of Racehorses (RoR) is a national animal welfare organization in the United Kingdom. It was established by the British Horseracing Authority in 2000 and is a registered charity under English and Scottish law. RoR is the official charity for the welfare of horses who have retired from racing through injury, old age or a lack of ability. It is based at Palace House in Newmarket.
Activity
RoR performs the following actions:
Raises money to support the retraining and rehoming of former racehorses
Provides facilities for the care, retraining and rehoming of former racehorses
Raises the profile of racehorses to other equestrian activities
Operates education programmes to ensure handlers are adequately trained to care for the horses
RoR facilitates revenue grants and funds centre improvements and property purchases for four retraining centres:
Greatwood Caring for Retired Racehorses
HEROS (Homing Ex-racehorses Organisation Scheme)
Moorcroft Racehorse Welfare Centre
Thoroughbred Rehabilitation Centre
Darley Stud Management
In 2009, Princess Haya became RoR's first Patron. Other patrons include Frankie Dettori, Clare Balding and Richard Johnson.
Notable horses
Among the horses helped by the charity are the Champion Hurdler Make A Stand and the Grand National winners Royal Athlete and Bindaree.
One graduate of the scheme is Summon Up Theblood who represented Brazil in the Three-day Event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
Animal charities based in the United Kingdom
2000 establishments in the United Kingdom
Radical 56 or radical shoot () meaning "shoot" or "arrow" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 15 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 35th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5F0B
056
035
The Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party () was a political party in Mongolia which was founded in 2010 by Nambaryn Enkhbayar. The party received approval to use the Mongolian People's Party's old name by the Supreme Court of Mongolia. Enkhbayar, former chairman of the original MPRP and a former President of Mongolia, was the party's leader. It merged back into the Mongolian People's Party in 2021.
Ideology
The party's stated mission was to:
Dismantle the oligopoly
Give more authority to the people
Give the people Mongolia's natural wealth
Provide employment and property for every household
The MPRP believed that with the implementation of these integrated policies—aimed at creating human-centered social welfare, economic development and citizen-oriented governance—Mongolia and its people would achieve prosperity and progress.
The MPRP, along with the Democratic Party, advocated for restrictions on the number of years a foreign firm can operate in Mongolia, and called for new industrial projects to be fully Mongolian-controlled. This position earned the party the label "populist" by some observers.
Membership
The MPRP claimed to have 80,000 members in 2012.
History
Justice Coalition
In May 2012, the MPRP formed the Justice Coalition with the Mongolian National Democratic Party to run for upcoming elections. The Coalition won 11 seats in State Great Khural and became a part of a coalition government with the Democratic Party.
Our Coalition
In March 2020, the MPRP and Civil Will–Green Party, Mongolian Traditional United Party formed the Coalition to run 2020 parliament election.
Merger with the Mongolian People's Party
On 29 April 2021, the MPRP and the Mongolian People's Party signed an agreement to merge the two parties. The MPRP was deregistered by the Supreme Court on 28 May 2021.
References
External links
Britannica
2010 establishments in Mongolia
2021 disestablishments in Mongolia
Political parties established in 2010
Political parties disestablished in 2021
Political parties in Mongolia
Progressive Alliance
Social democratic parties in Asia
Socialism in Mongolia
Harold A. Rosen (March 20, 1926 – January 30, 2017) was an American electrical engineer, known as "the father of the geostationary satellite", and "father of the communications satellite". He formed and led the team that designed and built the first geosynchronous communications satellite, Syncom, for Hughes Aircraft Company.
Career
Rosen served in the US Navy as a radio communication and radar technician during World War II. He graduated from Tulane University in 1947 with a Bachelor of Engineering degree in electrical engineering. He received his M.S. (1948) and Ph.D. (1951) in electrical engineering from the California Institute of Technology. While still in graduate school, he began working for Raytheon, where he helped develop early anti-aircraft guided missiles, making many innovations in the fields of radar and missile guidance and control. After joining the Hughes Aircraft Company in 1956, and while he was working on the development of airborne radars, the world was catapulted into the space age by the 1957 launch of Sputnik, the world's first artificial satellite. At the same time, his department's most important program was cancelled. His boss, Frank Carver, challenged him to find a worthwhile new project that could keep the skilled staff gainfully employed.
Stimulated by the possibilities of the new Space Age, Rosen wanted it to be some kind of space program. Because at that time international telephony was very expensive and hard to arrange, and transoceanic television was impossible, he decided it should be some kind of communication satellite since these problems could be solved that way. He began to research what kind of communication satellite system would work best for this purpose. At the time, Rosen was unaware of science writer Arthur C. Clarke's 1945 description of a geosynchronous satellite, but he was aware of the conventional wisdom regarding geostationary satellites, expressed most stridently by the highly regarded Bell Labs, at that time the world's leading communications R&D entity, in a March 1959 IRE Journal titled “Transoceanic Communications Via Satellites,” written by John Pierce and Rudy Kompfner. They expressed the view that geostationary satellites would be too heavy to be launched by the rockets that were then available. And, even if geostationary satellites could be launched, their presumed complexity would prevent them from having a long enough lifetime to be commercially viable. Rosen, in reading their paper, felt otherwise. He reasoned that since Bell Labs designed communication equipment for ground applications, it had little incentive for keeping the weight down. Also, he was confident that his previous experience in guided missile design was more relevant for designing the control system for such a satellite and that the supposedly-complex control system the authors claimed would be necessary would not be needed.
Rosen had an epiphany when it occurred to him that if he used spin-phased impulses on a spin-stabilized satellite, he could have a simple, long-lived control system to go along with the satellite's lightweight electronics. He gathered a small team of gifted colleagues (most notably, Don Williams, Tom Hudspeth and John Mendel) to convert the concept into a design for a practical geostationary communication satellite system. The spin stabilized satellite itself weighed only 55 pounds. When his superiors initially refused to fund the project, Rosen began talking to his contacts at Raytheon; rather than lose him to his previous employer, Hughes' management agreed to support prototype development. He subsequently convinced the U.S. government to fund the Syncom program, a flight program that was based on the Hughes prototype. After a discouraging rocket failure that doomed Syncom I in February 1963, Syncom II was successfully launched in August 1963. It was followed by Syncom III in 1964, in time to relay live television signals from Tokyo during the Summer Olympics. The first commercial satellite, Early Bird, was launched in 1965. With communication satellites a commercial reality, Hughes formed a division to pursue this as a business, and Rosen became its technical director. He later became a vice president of Hughes and a member of its policy board in 1975. In these roles he was key in helping to build the world's largest communications satellite business at Hughes Aircraft Company.
Upon his retirement from Hughes in 1992, he joined with his brother Benjamin in another development project.
Rosen Motors
In 1993 Harold Rosen and his brother Benjamin founded Rosen Motors in Woodland Hills, California. They developed a gas turbine-powered series hybrid automotive powertrain using a 55,000 rpm flywheel energy storage subsystem to provide bursts of acceleration to augment the turbine's more steady power output. The flywheel also stored energy through regenerative braking. The flywheel was composed of a titanium hub with a carbon fiber cylinder and was gimbal mounted to minimize adverse gyroscopic effects on vehicle handling. The prototype vehicle was a Saturn, modified to accept the new engine/flywheel unit. It was successfully road tested in the Mojave Desert in January 1997 but was never mass-produced, when the automakers to whom it was demonstrated chose not to go with the flywheel technology. The company was dissolved in November 1997. Their sister company, Capstone Turbine Corporation (Tarzana, Los Angeles) received the company's technology and continued to develop and market it after 1997.
After the closure of Rosen Motors, Rosen became a consultant for Boeing in the design of new satellite systems.
Personal
Harold Rosen was born on March 20, 1926, in New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1944–1946, he served in the U.S. Navy which provided him with hands-on experience with radio communications and the then-new field of radars. In 1949, Rosen married Rosetta, and they had two sons, Robert (born 1950) and Rocky (born 1966). Rosetta died in 1969. In 1984 he married Deborah Castleman, a satellite systems engineer also working at Hughes Aircraft Company. Rosen died on January 30, 2017, due to complications from a stroke, aged 90.
Honors and recognitions
Rosen has more than 80 patents. He was a Fellow of the IEEE and the AIAA, and a member of the National Academy of Engineering. Rosen has received numerous awards which include:
1964 – The Astronautics Engineer Award, awarded by The National Space Club
1965 - Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement
1968 – First Aerospace Communication Award from the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA)
1973 – The Spacecraft Design of the Award from the AIAA
1976 – L. M. Ericsson International Prize for Communications, presented by the King of Sweden
1976 – Lloyd V. Berkner Award
1976 – Caltech Distinguished Alumni Award
1982 – IEEE Alexander Graham Bell Medal
1985 – National Medal of Technology
1985 – NEC Communications & Computing Prize, in Japan
1987 – Inducted into the Society of Satellites Professionals International Hall of Fame
1990 – Arthur C. Clarke Award, in Sri Lanka
1995 – NAE Charles Stark Draper Prize
2003 – Inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame
2014 – Philip J. Klass Lifetime Achievement Award – Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine
2015 – Robert H. Goddard Memorial Trophy, awarded by The National Space Club
References
External links
Rosen's bio at IEEE History Center, written 1982
Biography at MIT's Inventor of the Week, written September 2000
1926 births
2017 deaths
People from New Orleans
American electrical engineers
Tulane University alumni
California Institute of Technology alumni
National Medal of Technology recipients
Draper Prize winners
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Johnson County is located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 152,854, making it the fourth-most populous county in Iowa. The county seat is Iowa City, home of the University of Iowa. Johnson County is included in the Iowa City metropolitan area, which is also included in the Cedar Rapids-Iowa City Corridor Combined Statistical Area.
History
Johnson County was established in December 1837 by the legislature of the Wisconsin Territory, one of thirteen counties established by that body in a comprehensive act. The county's area was partitioned from Dubuque County, and was not initially provided with a civil government, instead being governed by Cedar County officials. It was originally named for the US Vice President Richard M. Johnson. In 2020, the Johnson County Board of Supervisors voted unanimously to change the county's namesake to be Lulu Merle Johnson, the first black woman in the state to get her doctorate.
The first courthouse in the county was a two-story log cabin structure, built in 1838 in the settlement of Napoleon, about two miles south of the current courthouse. The building stood across from what later would become the James McCollister Farmstead on land later owned by Philip Clark.
After Iowa City was established by fiat as the new territorial capitol of Iowa, the county seat was removed there. The second Johnson County Courthouse, the first in Iowa City, was built on Lot 8 Block 8 of the County Seat Addition to Iowa City in 1842 for $3,690. This location was in the southeast corner of the intersection of Harrison and Clinton Streets. The building was 56 x 28 feet and two stories tall. It was built by James Trimble, who had previously built the first jail.
A third courthouse was built in 1857 in the courthouse square on Clinton Street between Court and Harrison Streets. It was used until 1901, after cracks appeared in its south wall in 1899. The building was apparently built of brick with stone and wood ornamentation.
The Richardsonian Romanesque style courthouse in use today was designed by the firm of Rush, Bowman and Rush of Grand Rapids, Michigan. It was bid at a cost of $111,000 and built by the firm Rowson & Son of Johnson County. The cornerstone was laid in December 1899. The building's tower was based on Henry Hobson Richardson's design for the spire of Trinity Church in Boston. The building was dedicated on June 8, 1901. The currently unused jail that stands to the west of the courthouse was designed by C.L. Wundt of Burlington, Iowa on behalf of the Stewart Iron Works in Cleveland and bid for $14,000.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 80
Interstate 380
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 218
Iowa Highway 1
Iowa Highway 22
Iowa Highway 27
Adjacent counties
Benton County – northwest
Cedar County – east
Iowa County – west
Linn County – north
Muscatine County – east and southeast
Louisa County – southeast and south
Washington County – south
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 152,854 in the county, with a population density of . 93.62% of the population reported being of one race. There were 65,916 housing units, of which 61,335 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 130,882 in the county, with a population density of . There were 55,967 housing units, of which 52,715 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 111,006 people, 44,080 households, and 23,582 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 45,831 housing units at an average density of 75 per square mile (29/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 90.13% White, 2.90% Black or African American, 0.28% Native American, 4.12% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.01% from other races, and 1.51% from two or more races. 2.51% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 44,080 households, out of which 26.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.90% were married couples living together, 6.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.50% were non-families. 30.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.97.
Age spread: 20.10% under the age of 18, 23.40% from 18 to 24, 30.80% from 25 to 44, 18.20% from 45 to 64, and 7.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,060, and the median income for a family was $60,112. Males had a median income of $36,279 versus $29,793 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,220. About 5.20% of families and 15.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.10% of those under age 18 and 3.80% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Largely due to the presence of the University of Iowa, Johnson County is considered the most liberal county in Iowa and a stronghold of the Democratic Party, and has always been among Iowa's most Democratic counties since the Civil War. It has been the strongest Democratic county in the state since 1984. This trend predates the recent swing toward the Democrats in counties influenced by college towns. The last Republican to win the county in a presidential election was Richard Nixon in 1960, and the last Republican to even get 40 percent of the county's vote was Ronald Reagan in 1984. As a measure of how strongly Democratic the county has been, Democrats easily carried it even in the national Republican landslides of 1972, 1984 and 1988, and the county was the only county in Iowa to vote for Democrat Alton B. Parker over Republican Theodore Roosevelt in 1904. In 2020, Joe Biden received the highest percentage of the vote received by any Democrat in the county's history; indeed, by any candidate of any party.
Johnson County's Democratic bent is just as pronounced at the state level. It is often the lone county to vote Democratic in statewide Republican landslides, such as Senator Chuck Grassley's re-elections in 2010 and 2016 or Governor Terry Branstad's re-election in 2014.
Communities
Cities
Coralville
Hills
Iowa City
Lone Tree
North Liberty
Oxford
Shueyville
Solon
Swisher
Tiffin
University Heights
Census-designated place
Frytown
Other unincorporated communities
Amish
Elmira
Cosgrove
Morse
Oasis
River Junction
Sharon Center
Sutliff
Windham
Ghost towns
Midway
Townships
Big Grove
Cedar
Clear Creek
East Lucas
Fremont
Graham
Hardin
Jefferson
Liberty
Lincoln
Madison
Monroe
Newport
Oxford
Penn
Pleasant Valley
Scott
Sharon
Union
Washington
West Lucas
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Johnson County.
† county seat
Notable natives
John T. Struble (1831–1916) early builder and farmer.
Grant Wood, artist.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Johnson County, Iowa
Secrest Octagon Barn
References
Charles Ray Aurner, Leading Events in Johnson County, Iowa, History, Volume I (1912) reproduction by Torch Press, Cedar Rapids IA
External links
Johnson County Government
Johnson County Crisis Center
Johnson County website
1837 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1837
Iowa City metropolitan area
Vadim Stanislavovich Nikonov (; born 9 August 1948) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Russian coach.
Honours
Soviet Cup winner: 1968, 1972.
Top 33 players year-end list: 1974.
International career
Nikonov made his debut for USSR on March 28, 1973 in a friendly against Bulgaria.
External links
Profile
1948 births
Living people
Russian footballers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Footballers from Moscow
Russian football managers
FC Moscow managers
Russian Premier League managers
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak Ryazan players
Damastown () is a townland in the civil parish of Mulhuddart in Fingal, Ireland, on the outskirts of Dublin. The townland is located west of the village of Mulhuddart and is north of the N3 road. A link road is nearing completion to link Damastown to the Cruiserath Road intersecting Church Road which links Mulhuddart to Tyrrelstown.
A temporary recycling centre was set up in Damastown to allow for an upgrade to the Coolmine recycling centre.
The area is primarily laid out as an industrial estate, and companies with premises there include IBM and Gem Pack Foods.
The River Tolka and at least two tributary streams pass through the area.
History
There are some brief historical references to Damastown, Mulhuddart in volume 6 of a series of books called A History of the County Dublin by Francis Elrington Ball published between 1902 and 1920.
References
Townlands of the barony of Castleknock
Places in Fingal
"Lux Aeterna" (, ; "eternal light") is an orchestral composition by Clint Mansell. It forms a leitmotif in the 2000 film Requiem for a Dream, and is the penultimate piece in the movie's soundtrack.
In popular culture
The popularity of the piece led to its use in popular culture outside the film, in film and teaser trailers, such as Sunshine and Waking Madison, and multiple remixes and remakes by other producers. It was also used in the 2010 season 2 premiere episode of NCIS: LA and a version of the track was re-orchestrated with a choir and full orchestra for The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers trailer. It was arranged by Simone Benyacar, Daniel Nielsen, and Veigar Margeirsson. The orchestrated version was used in various trailers and video games. Clint Mansell commented that the piece had "gone on to have a life of its own".
Orchestrated version
The orchestrated version was made available as part of the Requiem for a Tower album release from Corner Stone Cues.
References
Songs written for films
2000 songs
Compositions by Clint Mansell
Requiem for a Dream
Sedeprivationism is a doctrinal position within Traditionalist Catholicism which holds that the current occupant of the Holy See is a duly-elected pope, but lacks the authority and ability to teach or to govern unless he recants the changes brought by the Second Vatican Council. The doctrine asserts that since this council, occupants of the See of Peter are popes materialiter sed non formaliter, that is "materially but not formally". As such, sedeprivationists teach that Pope John XXIII, Pope Paul VI, Pope John Paul I, Pope John Paul II, and Pope Benedict XVI have not attained fullness of the papacy.
Sedeprivationism is held by some traditionalist Catholic groups such as the Istituto Mater Boni Consilii and Orthodox Roman Catholic Movement, among others. The doctrine of Sedeprivationism traces its origin to the Thesis of Cassiciacum of the Dominican Catholic theologian Michel-Louis Guérard des Lauriers.
Etymology
The etymology of the term sedeprivationist "means that there is a privation in the occupant of the chair of Saint Peter, i.e. something lacking." "Sedeprivationism" is composed of "sede" ("see" in Latin) and "privationism" (Latin "privatio", meaning "privation", and the suffix "ism").
American sedeprivationist Bishop Donald Sanborn, however, disagrees with the use of the name, calling it "a completely dumb name". He explained that:
History
The doctrine of sedeprivationism, was formulated by the French Dominican theologian Michel-Louis Guérard des Lauriers (1898-1988). His thesis is known as the Thesis of Cassiciacum, because it was first published in the magazine Cahiers de Cassiciacum (Cassiciacum's papers), in the first issue of the magazine, in 1979. He was excommunicated in 1983.
The thesis states that John Paul II, like predecessors who came after John XXIII, was Pope only materially and not formally, and so was the valid electee of the October 1978 conclave. Although he never became Pope, he equally has never forfeited his claim on the papacy.
Thesis of Cassiciacum
The Thesis of Cassiciacum, which asserts the position of sedeprivationism, states that the See of Peter is not obtained and must conform with one of two prescribed requirements of a legitimate papal election by the popes:
The pope must be elected legitimately by valid designated electors. That aspect designates the papal candidate as materially elected and designated candidate to the office of pope.
The newly chosen pope-elect must express his acceptance and that on giving his assent he receives from Christ the form of the papacy: the indefectible power or authority promised to Saint Peter and his successors by which the elected candidate formally becomes pope and actually takes hold of the office of the papacy.
The Thesis of Cassiciacum, as held by the Istituto Mater Boni Consilii and others, contends that both aspects are required and that if any candidate fails either one, he would not be elected to the office of pope. The Catholics adhering to the thesis hold that all claimants of the papal office from at least Paul VI to Francis are invalid and do not hold the papal office except by right of designation because of a failure to receive the form of the papacy (i.e. the authority) because his acceptance is impeded by a defective intention arising from their manifest disposition of apostasy.
According to des Lauriers's thesis, Paul VI, John Paul I, John Paul II, and possibly John XXIII, were or are defective popes because of their alleged espousal of modernism, which des Lauriers considers to be heresy. Thus, their consent to become pope was faulty or defective and so they were legally designated to be pope yet became deprived of attaining full succession to the authority of Peter. Des Lauriers's thesis holds that the Vatican II popes succeed as legal designees to the papacy and continue the line of Saint Peter materially, which means that the Vatican II popes are legitimate designees to be true popes but not formally. As such, they lack jurisdictional authority because of the obstacle that they posit to the reception of the authority. They are not the authority, true popes or true bishops, but they are legally in the position to become true popes and bishops if they remove the obstacle to the reception of the authority of the office. It is implicit that Benedict XVI and Francis would have received the same judgement from des Lauriers.
In explaining the position of sedeprivationism, sedevacantist bishop Donald Sanborn writes:
Because the power of designation to office pertains to the purely legal and material side of authority, the Novus Ordites possess the power to legitimately designate to positions of power, until such time as this power is legally removed from them.
As a result, there is a material hierarchy in place, i.e., someone legally nominated to be a pope, and others legally nominated to be bishops, and others legally nominated to be electors of popes, but none of these has any jurisdiction, and obedience is owed to none of them. Because they lack the authority, which is the form which makes them to be what they are, Ratzinger is a false pope and the bishops are false bishops. The cardinals are true electors, to the extent that they are legally nominated to be designators of the pope. But their role pertains to the material order of authority, the order of designation only.
Summary
In summary:
There is no real sede vacante state in the Catholic Church since a man fills the role of potential pope.
If the current potential pope recants from modernism and returns to Catholicism, he will complete the process and attain to the fullness of the papacy, all else being equal.
Differences with "totalist" sedevacantism
Sedeprivationism argues that since the Second Vatican Council, the elected popes are materially popes, though they have not attained the fullness of that office due to what sedeprivationists perceive as them holding the heresy of Modernism. This is contrasted with the position of "totalist" sedevacantism, which asserts a vacancy in the papal office; the term sede vacante means "empty chair" in reference to the See of Saint Peter.
See also
Independent Catholicism
Notes
References
Traditionalist Catholicism
Catholic terminology
Ab Saraft (, also Romanized as Āb Saraft) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 192, in 52 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Woods Mill is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. It was among the communities severely affected by flash flooding from Hurricane Camille in 1969.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Umeboshi (Japanese: 梅干し, pronounced , literally 'dried ume') are pickled (brined) ume fruits common in Japan. The word umeboshi is often translated into English as 'salted Japanese plums', 'Japanese plums' or 'preserved plums'. Ume (Prunus mume) is a species of fruit-bearing tree in the genus Prunus, which is often called a "plum", but is actually more closely related to the apricot. Pickled ume which are not dried are called umezuke (梅漬け).
Umeboshi are a popular kind of Japanese tsukemono ('pickled thing'; preserved or fermented) and are extremely sour and salty. Sweet umeboshi made with honey also exist. They are usually served as a side dish for rice or eaten on rice balls (often without removing the pit) for breakfast and lunch. They are occasionally served boiled or seasoned for dinner.
Physical characteristics
Umeboshi are usually round and vary from smooth to very wrinkled. Usually they taste salty, and are extremely sour due to high citric acid content, but sweeter versions exist as well.
The central area of Wakayama prefecture is known throughout Japan for the number and quality of its ume and umeboshi. The town of Minabe, Wakayama, in particular, grows more ume and produces more umeboshi than any other town in Japan.
Production
Umeboshi are traditionally made by harvesting ume fruit when they ripen around June and packing them in barrels with 20% salt per weight of fruit. The salt extracts juice, which the ume then soak in for about two weeks. This salty, sour liquid is marketed as umezu (梅酢; often calqued as 'ume vinegar', although it is not a true vinegar.)
Many varieties of umeboshi sold on the market are desalinated to a certain extent and re-soaked in a flavoring liquid. They are sometimes dyed red using purple perilla herbs (called akajiso) or flavoured with katsuobushi, kombu or even sweetened with honey. Because these flavored varieties end up at 3% to 15% salt content, they usually contain a natural or artificial preservative to extend shelf life. Natural preservatives include vinegar, alcohol and vitamin B1.
Consumption
Umeboshi are usually eaten in small quantities with rice, for added flavor. It is also a common ingredient in onigiri, rice balls wrapped with nori and they may also be used in makizushi. Makizushi made with umeboshi may be made with either pitted umeboshi or umeboshi paste (which is cheaper), often in conjunction with slivered fresh green perilla (shiso) leaves. The standard Japanese folk remedy for colds and flus is okayu (rice congee) with umeboshi. Another usage of umeboshi is in ume chazuke, a dish of rice with poured-in green tea topped with umeboshi.
Umeboshi were esteemed by the samurai to combat battle fatigue, a function of their salt and citric acid content, among other factors. Salt, citric acid, and polyphenols also contribute to their antimicrobial activity, so they are a natural preservative for foods and help prevent food poisoning and other bacterial stomach problems.
Umeboshi is used as a cooking accent to enhance flavor and presentation. They may also be served as a complement of a drink with shochu and hot water.
Umeboshi are often eaten as snacks; in the United States and Australia, many Japanese grocery stores stock them. Eating umeboshi in Japan is the equivalent of the English expression "an apple a day". Children's candy shops sometimes carry karikari ume, or prepackaged, crunchy pickled ume, and dried umeboshi.
Health
This Japanese style traditional condiment is believed to be a digestive aid, prevention of nausea, and for systemic toxicity, including hangovers. Green ume extract is used as a tonic in Japan. The citric acid is believed to act as an antibacterial, help to increase saliva production and assist in the digestion of rice. Additionally, umeboshi is claimed to combat fatigue (historically given as part of a samurai's field ration) and protect against aging.
Nutrition
Pitted traditional umeboshi per 100 g contains:
Energy 138 kJ
Protein 0.9 g
Fat 0.2 g
Carbohydrate 10.5 g
Sodium 8700 mg
Potassium 440 mg
Manganese 0.23 mg
VitaminA 7 μg
VitaminB1 0.02 mg
VitaminB2 0.01 mg
Cholesterol 0 mg
Dietary fiber 3.6 g
Water 65.1 g
Traditional (non-reduced sodium versions) umeboshi are roughly one quarter salt.
Similar foods
The umeboshi style of pickling is common in Japan and is similar in style to other Asian preserved pickling techniques found in China, Vietnam, and Korea.
In Vietnam, a very similar variety of pickled ume is called xí muội or ô mai.
In the Philippines, this is called kiamoy or tsampoy, and is usually drier. Kiamoy and tsampoy were two types of Filipino-Chinese plum pickle that was transported to Mexico via the Manila galleon, where it is known as chamoy and is usually made with apricot, ume or tamarind and a mix of salt and dry chili.
In South Asian countries, Indian gooseberries called amla in Hindi or amala in Nepali is prepared in similar way, sometimes with sugar syrup.
In Mexico, it is known as chamoy and is usually made with apricot, ume or tamarind and a mix of salt and dry chili.
In South Africa, a similar style of preserved dried fruit is called mebos in Afrikaans, the name of which seems to derive from the Japanese via Dutch trade. Usually, apricot is used to produce a salty, acidic variety, although other, sweetened varieties made from other fruits are also colloquially called mebos.
See also
Smoked plum
Wikibooks:Cookbook:Umeboshi
References
External links
Homemade pickled ume and various recipes
Japanese cuisine
Japanese pickles
Plum dishes
The bare-throated bellbird (Procnias nudicollis) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. It is found in moist subtropical and tropical forests in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. The male has white plumage and bristly bluish-black bare skin around its eye, beak and throat. The female is more drab, being olive-brown above with streaked yellow underparts. The male has one of the loudest bird calls known, producing a metallic sound similar to a hammer striking an anvil. This bird feeds on fruit and plays a part in dispersing the seeds of forest trees. It is considered Near Threatened because of loss of its forest habitat and collection for the pet bird trade.
Description
The male bird has striking white plumage and a bare bluish-black patch of skin around its eyes and beak and on its throat. The female is duller in colour with a black crown, olive-brown upper parts and yellowish underparts streaked with olive green. This bird is about long.
The male has one of the loudest calls of any bird - a sharp sound like that of a hammer striking an anvil or a bell, emitted by the male while it perches on a high branch in order to attract a mate. The sound is so loud, that it can be heard up to a mile away and can apparently cause damage to human hearing if heard from close range.
Distribution
The bare-throated bellbird is a native of Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Behavior
It is threatened by habitat loss and by poaching for cage birds. It raises the attraction of collectors because of the adult males's showy coloration (shiny white with the skin of the throat bare and turquoise blue; the female, as well as both sexes juveniles, are mostly light or olive green with a black head). A fruit-eating species, it acts in the ecology of the Atlantic rainforest as a dispersor of seeds. Despite its vulnerable status, it can be found in an unusual urban setting, a juvenile male having been photographed in 2007 foraging in one of the campuses of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro set in an artificial island in the vicinity of the heavily polluted Guanabara Bay; another specimen had already been spotted in 2005 at the Ibirapuera Park in São Paulo.
References
Further reading
Snow, D.W. (1982). The Cotingas: Bellbirds, Umbrella birds and their allies. British Museum Press.
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
bare-throated bellbird
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
bare-throated bellbird
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mummy Punjabi ()is the 2011 film written and directed by Pammi Somal starring Kiron Kher, Kanwaljit Singh and Jackie Shroff in lead roles.
Synopsis
Mummy Punjabi is a New Age Mother India, with today's grandeur, intensity, humour & emotions. A complete family entertainer, wherein a Punjabi urban mother balances tradition with her own value system.
Cast
Kirron Kher as Baby Kaur
Kanwaljit Singh as Rajinder Singh
Jackie Shroff as Kanwal Sandhu
Anju Mahendru as Kanwal's Sister
Divya Dutta as Muniya - Maidservant
Sachin Sharma as Karan R. Arora
Viraf Patel as Dr. Arjun R. Arora
Simran Vaid as Simran R. Arora
Supriya Shukla as Bittu
Urwashi Gandhi as Jeena W. Puri
Michael Joseph as Sid
Freddy Daruwala as Sexy Sam
Manav Vij as Vikramjit Singh
Kashif Khan as DJ Abraham
Gurdas Maan as Dancer / Singer (as Gurdas Maan)
Satish Kaushik as Rajeev Bhalla
Rohit Roy as Salman Khan / Rahul Sharma
Soundtrack
Reception
Mummy Punjabi received generally negative reviews from critics. Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India gave the film a 2-star rating out of 5 saying, "The problem with Mummy Punjabi lies in the fact that it is neither a comedy nor a serious film, just something in-between. Wonder who is the target audience!".
Daily Bhaskar gave the film a single star out of five and said, "Nothing sums up ‘Mummy Punjabi,' better than a brain-numbing movie with a mayhem stirring family drama. Add to this, outrageously bad acting by the supporting cast. This one's not recommended at all."
References
External links
Official website
2011 films
2010s Hindi-language films
Punjabi-language Indian films
2010s Punjabi-language films
Terenure is a suburb of Kempton Park, in Gauteng province, South Africa. According to the 2011 census, Terenure and Terenure Extension had a population of 4,144 and 6,579 respectively.
References
Suburbs of Kempton Park, Gauteng
Eccles Town Hall is a municipal building in Church Street, Eccles, Greater Manchester, England. The town hall was the headquarters of Eccles Borough Council until the council was abolished in 1974.
History
Shortly after it had been created in 1854, the local board of health established itself in some rented rooms in Patricroft. After civic leaders found these rooms inadequate, in the context of population growth associated with the expanding textile industry, they decided to procure a new town hall: the site they selected had been occupied by the old cockpit in the town. Although cockfighting had been regarded as cruel by the early 19th century, it was still popular in Eccles at that time.
The new building was designed by John Lowe in the Edwardian Baroque style, built in red brick by Moore and Sons and was officially opened on 3 November 1881. The building became the headquarters of Eccles Metropolitan Borough when it was formed in 1892. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with seven bays facing onto the Church Street; the central section of five bays, which slightly projected forward, featured a doorway with a fanlight on the ground floor flanked by two pairs of Corinthian order stone pilasters supporting a stone entablature with the inscription "Town Hall"; there were five round headed windows forming an arcade on the first floor, and at roof level there was a central clock tower with a cupola flanked by dormer windows with mansard roofs above. Initially, the principal room was the assembly hall; the building was extended to the rear to create a new council chamber and courtroom in 1899.
King George V and Queen Mary visited the town hall in 1913 and Lord Derby encouraged local military recruitment by conducting a review of the 20th Battalion Lancashire Fusiliers outside the town hall on 18 June 1915 during the First World War. King George VI and Queen Elizabeth also met civic leaders there in 1938 shortly before the Second World War.
The building continued to serve as the headquarters of Eccles Borough Council but ceased to be the local seat of government when the enlarged Salford City Council was formed in 1974. The building subsequently fell into a state of disrepair until its management passed to a special purpose entity, Eccles Community Hall Organisation, in July 2010. Following the refurbishment of the assembly hall, with the support of the Heritage Lottery Fund, in 2012, it became a regular concert venue with programmes that included the works of Antonio Vivaldi, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Fritz Kreisler and Edward Elgar performed by the BBC Philharmonic in November 2015.
References
Government buildings completed in 1881
City and town halls in Greater Manchester
Eccles, Greater Manchester
The Dwarves Must Die is the 2004 release by the American punk band Dwarves. It is the band's first release on the Sympathy for the Record Industry label. There are several cameos, including Dexter Holland from The Offspring, Nash Kato from Urge Overkill, desert rock icon Nick Oliveri, Josh Freese from The Vandals, Spike Slawson from Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, gangster rapper San Quinn, DJ Marz, and even the original Space Ghost himself, Gary Owens. The rather freeform departure from the standard thrash/punk/noise sound is obvious in this release, slightly more so than in previous Dwarves productions, perhaps because they have been producing music for almost 20 years; however the original sound of the Dwarves shows clearly in several tracks.
The title track appears on the soundtrack for the 2009 comedy film Observe and Report.
Track listing
Personnel
Guitar: He Who Cannot Be Named
Engineer: Bradley Cook
Engineer: Trevor Whatever
Bass: Tony Lombardo
Vocals: Blag Dahlia
Bass/Vocals: Rex Everything
Engineer: Eric Valentine
References
Dwarves (band) albums
2004 albums
Shingler is an unincorporated community in Worth County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
The Georgia General Assembly incorporated Shingler as a town in 1912. The town's municipal charter was repealed in 1924.
References
Former municipalities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Unincorporated communities in Worth County, Georgia
Kingsley Esiso is a Nigerian lawyer and politician from Delta state. He is the Special Adviser to Governor Ifeanyi Okowa on Library Affairs. In May 2016, he was elected and currently serves as Chair of the Delta State People's Democratic Party.
Biography
Esiso was born in Okpara Inland in Ethiope East local government area of Delta State. He holds the title of the Oruese of Agbon Kingdom. His wife, Mrs. Esiso was conferred the Ughana of Agbon Kingdom by His Royal Majesty, Ukori 1st (JP), the Ovie of Agbon Kingdom.
References
Delta State politicians
State political party chairs of Nigeria
21st-century Nigerian lawyers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Panasonic Lumix DMC-XS1 is a digital camera by Panasonic Lumix. The highest-resolution pictures it records is 16.1 megapixels, through its 24mm lens.
Property
5X wide angle optically stabilized zoom
13 in-camera creative effects
3HD video capture
References
External links
DMC-XS1K on shop.panasonic.com
DMC-XS1R on shop.panasonic.com
DMC-XS1W on shop.panasonic.com
Panasonic Lumix DMC-XS1 Review
Point-and-shoot cameras
XS1
Marshall County (standard abbreviation: MS) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 10,038. The largest city and county seat is Marysville.
History
The Oregon Trail crosses Marshall County. The Infamous Donner Reed Party rested along the banks of the Big Blue river and lost one of its members, Sarah Keyes, who is still buried at Alcove Springs (located outside of Marysville). Many documented pioneer bodies are buried surrounding Alcove Spring.
In 1849 Francis James Marshall, from Weston, Missouri, came to Marshall County and established a ferry service on the Big Blue River at "Independence Crossing." A few years later Francis Marshall decided to stay on in Marshall County and make it his home. He moved his Ferry business to an upper crossing now known as Marysville (the city is named after Marshall's own wife Mary).
On May 30, 1879, the "Irving, Kansas Tornado" passed through Marshall county. This tornado measured F4 on the Fujita scale and had a damage path wide and long. Eighteen people were killed and sixty were injured.
The Marshall County Historical Society resides in the county's historic courthouse, which is now a museum and research library.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Pawnee County, Nebraska (northeast)
Nemaha County (east)
Pottawatomie County (south)
Riley County (southwest)
Washington County (west)
Gage County, Nebraska (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,965 people, 4,458 households, and 3,026 families residing in the county. The population density was 12 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 4,999 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.14% White, 0.23% Black or African American, 0.36% Native American, 0.19% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.26% from other races, and 0.80% from two or more races. 0.76% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,458 households, out of which 30.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.70% were married couples living together, 5.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.10% were non-families. 29.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.00% under the age of 18, 6.60% from 18 to 24, 23.60% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 22.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 96.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,089, and the median income for a family was $39,705. Males had a median income of $28,361 versus $19,006 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,090. About 6.40% of families and 9.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.60% of those under age 18 and 9.10% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Marshall County is a strongly Republican county. The county has not been carried by a Democratic candidate in a presidential election since 1932, & has only failed to back the Republican candidate in two other elections from 1888 on. The closest Democrats have come to winning the county since 1932 was in 1964 when Barry Goldwater only won it by 98 votes in the midst of a national landslide by Lyndon B. Johnson & 1992 when George H. W. Bush only won it by eight votes in conjunction with independent candidate Ross Perot winning a significant share of the vote.
Laws
Marshall County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Marysville USD 364
Vermillion USD 380
Valley Heights USD 498
Historical
Axtell USD 488 (Marshall County) and Sabetha USD 441 (Nemaha County) consolidated to create Prairie Hills USD 113.
Communities
Cities
Axtell
Beattie
Blue Rapids
Frankfort
Marysville
Oketo
Summerfield
Vermillion
Waterville
Census-designated place
Home
Other unincorporated communities
Bremen
Cottage Hill
Herkimer
Lillis
Marietta
St. Bridget
Vliets
Winifred
Ghost towns
Barrett
Bigelow
Irving
Lone Elm
Hull
Mina
Schroyer
Townships
Marshall County is divided into twenty-five townships. The city of Marysville is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Notable people
Frank Wayenberg (1898-1975) - pitcher for the Cleveland Indians in 1924.
Butch Nieman (1918-1993) - born in Herkimer, played outfield for the Boston Braves from 1943 to 1945.
Don Songer (1899-1962) - pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1924 to 1927 and the New York Giants in 1927.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marshall County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Atlas of Marshall County, Kansas; Anderson Publishing Co; 74 pages; 1922.
Plat Book of Marshall County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 53 pages; 1904.
Handbook of Marshall County, Kansas; Modern Argo; 12 pages; 1870s.
External links
County
Marshall County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Marysville Museum
Tornados
Irving, KS Tornado
Historical Tornado
Maps
Marshall County maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Turbochargers have been used on various petrol engines since 1962, in order to obtain greater power or torque output for a given engine displacement.
Most turbocharged petrol engines use a single turbocharger; however, twin-turbo configurations are also often used.
In motor racing, turbochargers were used in various forms of motorsport in the 1970s and 1980s. Since the mid-2010s, turbocharging has returned to several motor racing categories, such as Formula One and the World Rally Championship.
Several motorcycles in the late 1970s and early 1980s were produced with turbocharged engines.
History
1962: The first turbocharged production car engine was the Oldsmobile Turbo Jetfire used in the Oldsmobile Jetfire. A Garrett AiResearch turbocharger with integral wastegate was used. Power was significantly increased over the naturally aspirated (non-turbo) engine, however reliability of these engines was poor and the production of the engine ceased in 1963. One month after the release of the turbocharged Oldsmobile, a turbocharged version of the Chevrolet Turbo-Air 6 engines was introduced in the Chevrolet Corvair Monza Spyder. This engine did not use a wastegate. Production of the turbocharged Corvair engine ran until 1966.
1965: Beginning this year a turbocharged version of the "Comanche" 154 cubic inch inline slant four-cylinder engines was an option in the International Harvester Scout. This engine developed at 4,000 rpm and at 3,200 rpm and was available until 1967.
1973: The next mass-produced turbocharged car was the BMW 2002 Turbo, introduced at the 1973 Frankfurt motor show and featuring a four-cylinder engine. Due to excessive turbo lag, safety concerns and the 1973/1974 oil crisis, the 2002 Turbo was discontinued in 1974.
1974: At the height of the oil crisis, the Porsche 911 Turbo was introduced, becoming the fastest mass-produced car at the time. The Porsche 911 has been available with a turbocharged engine for the majority of the years since 1974.
1977: The Saab 99 model begins Saab's long run of turbocharged passenger cars.
1978: The "LD5" version of the Buick V6 engine marks the return of turbocharging to cars produced in the United States.
1978-present: Many manufacturers have produced turbocharged cars. Since the early-2010s, many European cars have switched to smaller, turbocharged engines. This trend has since spread to manufacturers from other regions.
Multiple turbochargers
Parallel configuration
A common arrangement for twin-turbo engines, especially on V engines is a parallel configuration. This arrangement uses two identically sized turbos, each fed by a separate set of exhaust streams from the engine. Having two smaller turbos produce the same aggregate amount of boost as a larger single turbo allows them to reach their optimal rpm, more quickly, thus improving boost delivery.
Sequential configuration
Another twin-turbo arrangement commonly used on car engines is a sequential configuration, where one turbo is active across the entire rev range of the engine and the other activates at higher rpm. Below this rpm, both exhaust and air inlet of the secondary turbo are closed. Being individually smaller they have reduced lag and having the second turbo operating at a higher rpm range allows it to get to full rotational speed before it is required. Such combinations are referred to as a sequential twin-turbo. Sequential twin-turbo systems are usually more complicated than parallel twin-turbo systems because they require additional wastegate pipes and valves to control the direction of the exhaust gases.
Other configurations
Automobile manufacturers rarely use more than two turbochargers. Some exceptions are the triple-turbocharger system used by the 2012-2017 BMW N57S straight-six diesel engine, the quad-turbocharger system used by the V12 engine in the 1991-1995 Bugatti EB110 and the quad-turbocharger system used by the W16 engine in the 2005-2015 Bugatti Veyron and 2016-present Bugatti Chiron.
Motorsport
Indy car racing
The first turbocharged engine in motorsport was the Kurtis Kraft-Cummins Diesel driven by Fred Agabashian. He competed in the 1952 Indianapolis 500, qualifying on pole. However the turbo failed on lap 71 out of 200.
Another one of the first uses of turbocharging in motorsport was a turbocharged version of the Offenhauser engine, which first competed at the 1966 Indianapolis 500 and used a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger. This engine won the 1968 Indianapolis 500 and power outputs of over were achieved in 1973.
Sports car racing
In 1972, the Porsche 917/10K became the first turbocharged car to win the Can-Am series. The 917/10K was powered by a turbocharged flat-twelve engine producing up to .
Formula 1
In Formula One, the original "Turbo Era" lasted from the 1977 season until the 1988 season. During this era, Renault, Honda, BMW, and Ferrari produced engines with a capacity of , and were capable of producing from over this period. The first turbocharged Formula One car was the Renault RS01, however early engines often suffered from reliability problems. By the mid-1980s, turbocharged engines dominated Formula One, until they were banned after the 1988 season.
Turbochargers returned to Formula One for the 2014 season, with turbocharged V6 engines replacing the naturally aspirated V8 engines that were previously used. The turbocharging combined with more powerful energy recovery systems kept the power level similar to the previous V8 engines, despite the smaller capacity and the lower rev limits.
Touring car racing
In the German Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft (DTM) racing series, the "Turbo Era" of 1985 until 1989 saw Volvo, Alfa Romeo and Ford becoming the first manufacturers to use turbocharged engines. In 1985, the Volvo 240 Turbo won the European Touring Car Championship, before turbochargers were banned at the start of 1990 season due to cost reasons.
Since the 2019 season, turbocharging has returned to DTM, with turbocharged inline-four engines (shared with the Japanese Super GT "Class One" regulations) replacing the previous naturally aspirated V8 engines.
Rally
During the Group B era of 1982-1986, turbocharged engines producing up to dominate the World Rally Championship.
Turbocharging returned for the 2012 season and has been used since. WRC rally cars use a turbocharged inline-four engine with a 34 mm restrictor in the air intake system.
Motorcycles
Turbocharging is rarely used by manufacturers of motorcycles, with the following being the only examples of factory turbocharged motorcycles:
1978 Kawasaki Z1R-TC
1982 Honda CX 500 Turbo
1982-1983 Yamaha XJ 650 Seca Turbo
1983 Honda CX 650 Turbo
1983 Suzuki XN85 Turbo
1983-1985 Kawasaki GPZ750 Turbo
References
Gasoline engines
Supercharging
WOOK-TV (known as WFAN-TV from 1968 to 1972), UHF analog channel 14, was an independent television station licensed to Washington, D.C., United States, which operated from March 5, 1963, to February 12, 1972. It was the first television station in the United States to orient its entire programming to an African-American audience, along the lines of co-owned WOOK radio. Mounting license troubles for the United Broadcasting station group, economic difficulties faced by independent and UHF stations, and an inability to upgrade channel 14's facilities to be competitive in the market led to the closure of WFAN-TV on February 12, 1972.
History
The road to air
In 1953, Richard Eaton's United Broadcasting Company, owners of WOOK AM, WFAN FM and Rockville-based WINX among other outlets in the mid-Atlantic states, filed for television channels 18 in Baltimore and 50 in Washington. With no applications pending for channel 14 at Annapolis, Maryland, Eaton petitioned the FCC to move the channel 14 allotment to Washington, which it did in 1955; Eaton also acquired channel 14 equipment at auction from the bankrupt KACY of Festus, Missouri.
In February, Eaton announced that WOOK-TV would debut with programming in the evenings only and would not feature a network affiliation or a schedule of films; in addition, Eaton, planned to build out the Baltimore construction permit as a semi-satellite of WOOK-TV. The station signed jazz musician Lionel Hampton as its musical director. WOOK-TV would launch from WOOK radio's studio facility in the Chillum Castle Manor subdivision, on 1st Place, NE.
Initially planned to debut in September 1962, WOOK-TV's start was delayed due to technical challenges. It missed another launch date, in February, in part due to equipment issues and also because it had a problem to sort out in the Black community. Leaders in the Urban League and the NAACP worried that the station would not represent the community well, that WOOK-TV would depict African Americans "in the tap-dancing, shouting type of program", much as in radio; Eaton pledged not to program "distasteful" shows on the new station. The station finally debuted on March 6, 1963. It was the District's second UHF television station, after public WETA-TV (channel 26), which had gone on the air in 1961. Some 90,000 to 100,000 UHF converters were in place when channel 14 signed on.
Initial programming
At the outset, channel 14's programming included a number of Black-hosted series. The station aired two daily newscasts, as well as the interview show Washington Speaks and several syndicated shows aimed at an African American audience. However, going against Eaton's promise of a year earlier, WOOK-TV filled its remaining hours with films, primarily pre-1945 fare. It also produced some general-audience entertainment programs, including a high school quiz show, children's program Aunt Mary's Birthday Party, and a talent show. Musical director Hampton produced at WOOK a music show that was syndicated to other stations. The Precola DeVore Show, covering fashion and beauty topics, was hosted by Precola DeVore, who became one of the first black women business owners in Washington when she founded a charm school in 1953; she was nationally recognized for helping to break the color barrier in modeling.
Channel 14's connection with WOOK radio also had its advantages. Six days a week, WOOK disc jockey Bob King hosted Teenarama Dance Party, an in-studio dance show with a black teenage audience. Over a seven-year run on the air (though King left in a dispute with management in 1968), Teenarama hosted rising stars and famous musicians including Chubby Checker, Dee Dee Sharp and Brook Benton, as well as musical talent in town to play the Howard Theatre. Teenarama Dance Party would later be considered the most important program in WOOK-TV/WFAN-TV's broadcast history.
WOOK-TV also produced for local and national advertisers commercials for its target market. The station's production department counted among its clients Budweiser, Safeway, Sinclair Oil, Newport cigarettes and Speed Queen washers and dryers.
On March 1, 1967, the Baltimore station, with the call letters WMET-TV and having been moved to channel 24 in a 1961 allocation revision, began telecasting, with plans to carry 80 percent of WOOK-TV's programming. An attempted 1971 sale of WMET-TV to the Christian Broadcasting Network never closed, and channel 24 folded on January 14, 1972.
A time of change
In 1967, WOOK's programming began to shift to include more local news and public affairs content. This change would allow the station to spend less on films, where it had found itself uncompetitive with the VHF stations in purchasing the rights to attractive motion pictures. That year, it added two and a half hours a day of local and United Press International news hosted by Tex Gathings and a new talk show, Controversy, hosted by Dennis Richards. Controversy went through several host changes in its early months on air, while the new news show met with poor reception because of the small size of the WOOK-TV news department. Also in 1967, WMET-TV (moved to channel 24 in an allocation revision six years earlier), the Baltimore station, finally began broadcasting. Early the next year, Channel 14 also added weekly hours in Italian and Spanish, and on February 14, it changed call letters from WOOK-TV to WFAN-TV, matching Eaton's other Washington station, Spanish-language FM outlet WFAN 100.3.
More than the programming and call letters was changing at the newly renamed WFAN-TV in 1968. John Panagos, the station's general manager and vice president of United, was replaced with E. Carlton "Bud" Myers; Bob King left, leaving Teenarama Dance Party to rotate hosts until it ended in 1970; and an attempt to unionize led to a walkout at the end of August.
License challenge
In 1965, even as the Federal Communications Commission gave short-term renewals to a number of Eaton-owned outlets, WOOK-TV was one of three that received a full-term renewal of its license. In 1966, United's AM and TV stations in Washington came in for competition when two groups vied to take them over: Washington Community Broadcasting Company, led by journalist Drew Pearson and which also sought to take over the radio station, and Washington Civic Television, whose principals included WRC-TV sportscaster Jim Simpson and Lewis Shollenberger, former head of Radio Liberty in Munich.
At the next renewal cycle, in 1969, the FCC designated Washington Community's challenges alongside WOOK's and WFAN-TV's license renewals for hearing. Washington Community had become the only challenger for channel 14 when Washington Civic Television dropped out and merged with it, bringing Truman-era Assistant Attorney General Thurman Arnold into its fold. It then dropped out of the television fight in 1970 after the death of Pearson the year before. (Washington Community would eventually win the 1340 frequency held by WOOK radio, with the result being the launch of WYCB in August 1978.) United also attempted to upgrade WFAN-TV's signal, boosting its effective radiated power to 1,265 kW from a transmitter site in Bethesda, Maryland; however, the FCC denied the move because of overlap with WMET-TV's signal.
Closure and license deletion
On February 12, 1972, United took WFAN-TV dark, citing the company's financial condition. The February 27 edition of the Washington Post, as well as the next day's issue of Broadcasting magazine, carried a full-page "In Memoriam" ad for WFAN-TV. The ad, taken out by Eaton, diagnosed channel 14 as being "choked to death literally because of lack of power to cover greater Washington", because of the failure of a common tower site for D.C. television stations in 1966 and the hearing-related freeze on later facility improvements, and revealed that in nearly nine years of operation, the television station had lost $1.45 million—$153,000 of that in 1971 alone. Eaton also noted competition from Washington's other independent stations—longstanding VHF independent WTTG-TV and UHF newcomer WDCA—for programming and advertisers. Thirteen employees lost their jobs, while five continued to provide engineering services to the radio stations.
That November, amid calls to delete channel 14 from television use in Washington and convert it to land mobile use, United found a buyer for WFAN-TV: two Milwaukee businessmen, Robert S. Block and Marvin Fishman, who proposed operation of channel 14 on a subscription television basis and would pay $250,000 for the channel if the FCC approved their plan.
In 1973, while the hearing examiner's initial decision found against WOOK and preferred its competing application to the renewal of that station, it found United qualified to be a licensee and recommended renewal of channel 14's (unchallenged) license. United asked the FCC to keep the WFAN-TV license active while it tried to sell it, but the FCC said that because of the multiple and interrelated proceedings against Eaton that were likely to take years, that would simply take too long. The commission ordered United to put WFAN-TV and WMET-TV back on the air by July 1. The deadline was pushed back to December 1; United notified the FCC that it intended to appeal the order. On April 26, 1974, the FCC ruled that both licenses should be revoked so that new applications could be accepted for Washington's channel 14 and Baltimore's channel 24.
Channel 14 after WOOK-TV
Channel 14 remained unused by a full-power station in Washington for more than 20 years after the closure of WOOK-TV. In 1976, it was reactivated in the form of translator W14AA, relaying the Central Virginia Educational Television Corporation's WNVT from Annandale, Virginia; WNVT was licensed to rural Goldvein, Virginia, too far to the south to adequately cover the Washington suburbs. CVETC attempted to have the full-powered channel 14 allocation moved to Fairfax, noting that the current transmitter at Arlington often came in the back of Northern Virginia antennas aimed toward Washington, but this request was denied. What was to become WNVC was constructed on channel 56 instead, and on its sign-on in June 1981, W14AA was no longer necessary.
Later in the year, CVETC sold W14AA to Los Cerezos Television Company. Los Cerezos (Spanish for "Cherry Trees") had established in 1980 a satellite-fed translator station on channel 56 of the Spanish International Network, the second such "satellator", initially authorized on an experimental basis. After the FCC gave its approval to feed translators by satellite, W14AA returned to air as the Washington affiliate of SIN (now known as Univision). In order to accommodate the new full-power channel 14, this station moved to channel 48 in 1989 and is today WMDO-CD.
As the FCC began taking applications for a new licensee for channel 14, now licensed to Arlington, Virginia, D.C. mayor Walter E. Washington expressed his desire that the new channel 14 be minority-owned. Overruling his initial decision, in 1984, administrative law judge Edward Kuhlmann selected the bid of Urban Telecommunications Corporation, finding that since Urban was financially qualified, its management and operations were more integrated than those of previous winner WSCT-TV. After years of extensions, the station went on the air in 1993 as WTMW, named for Urban's sole owner, Theodore M. White.
References
OOK-TV
Television channels and stations disestablished in 1972
1972 disestablishments in Washington, D.C.
Television channels and stations established in 1963
1963 establishments in Washington, D.C.
OOK-TV
Defunct television stations in the United States
OOK-TV
Philadelphia soul, sometimes called Philly soul, the Philadelphia sound, Phillysound, or TSOP (The Sound of Philadelphia), is a genre of late 1960s–1970s soul music characterized by funk influences and lush instrumental arrangements, often featuring sweeping strings and piercing horns. The genre laid the groundwork for disco by fusing the R&B rhythm sections of the 1960s with the pop vocal tradition, and featuring a slightly more pronounced jazz influence in its melodic structures and arrangements. Fred Wesley, the trombonist of the James Brown band and Parliament-Funkadelic, described the signature deep but orchestrated sound as "putting the bow tie on funk."
Style
Due to the emphasis on sound and arrangement and the relative anonymity of many of the style's players, Philadelphia soul is often considered a producers' genre. Bunny Sigler, Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff were credited with developing the genre.
Philadelphia soul songwriters and producers included Bobby Martin, Thom Bell, Linda Creed, Norman Harris, Dexter Wansel, and the production teams of McFadden & Whitehead and Gamble & Huff of Philadelphia International Records, who worked with a stable of studio musicians to develop the unique Philadelphia sound used as backing for many different singing acts. Many of these musicians would record as the instrumental group MFSB, which had a hit with the seminal Philadelphia soul song "TSOP (The Sound of Philadelphia)" in 1974.
Notable extensions of the Philadelphia sound were bassist Ronald Baker, guitarist Norman Harris and drummer/Trammps baritone Earl Young (B-H-Y), who also recorded as the Trammps and would produce records themselves. These three were the base rhythm section for MFSB, and branched off into a sub-label of Philadelphia International Records called Golden Fleece, distributed by CBS Records (now Sony Music). Soon after, Harris created the Gold Mind label in conjunction with Salsoul Records. Gold Mind's roster included First Choice, Loleatta Holloway, and Love Committee, all of whom would feature Baker/Harris/Young productions of their material. Their 1976 hit by Double Exposure, "Ten Percent", was the first commercial 12-inch single.
Philadelphia soul was popular throughout the 1970s, and it set the stage for the studio constructions of disco and urban contemporary music that emerged later in the decade. Its style had a strong influence on later Philadelphia acts, most notably The Roots, Vivian Green, Jill Scott and Musiq Soulchild. David Bowie's 1975 album Young Americans was partially recorded in Philadelphia and influenced by the Philadelphia soul sound.
See also
Philadelphia International Records
Sigma Sound Studios
Philadelphia Freedom by The Elton John Band, written for Billie Jean King and her Philadelphia Freedoms professional tennis team and part dedicated to the Philadelphia sound
Progressive soul
References
Further reading
Cummings, Tony (1975). The Sound of Philadelphia. London: Eyre Methuen.
Jackson, John A. (2004). A House on Fire: The Rise and Fall of Philadelphia Soul. New York: Oxford University Press. .
Moore, Dave & Thornton, Jason (2016). The There's That Beat! Guide to THE PHILLY SOUND. Stockholm: Premium Publishing. .
Soul music genres
Culture of Philadelphia
Music scenes
Liz Waldner is an American poet.
Life
Waldner was raised in small town Mississippi. At 28, she received a B.A. in philosophy and mathematics from St. John's College; she later studied at the Summer Language School in French Middlebury College, and received an M.F.A. from the Iowa Writers' Workshop. Waldner was a Regents Fellow in the Communication Department at the University of California, San Diego.
She is the author of eight poetry collections, most recently Play (Lightful Press) and Trust (winner of the Cleveland State University Poetry Center Open Competition). Her collection, Dark Would (the missing person) (University of Georgia Press), was the winner of the 2002 Contemporary Poetry Series; her collection, Self and Simulacra (2001), won the Beatrice Hawley Award; and her collection, A Point Is That Which Has No Part (2000), received the 1999 Iowa Poetry Prize and the 2000 James Laughlin Award from the Academy of American Poets.
Other honors include grants from the Washington State Professional Development Grant for Artists, Massachusetts Cultural Council Artist Fellowship, the Boomerang Foundation, the Gertrude Stein Award for Innovative Poetry and the Barbara Deming Money for Women Grant. She received fellowships from the Vermont Studio Center, the Djerassi Foundation, Centrum, Hedgebrook, Virginia Center for the Creative Arts, Villa Montalvo, Fundación Valparaiso and the MacDowell Colony.
Waldner's poem "The Ballad of Barding Gaol", along with a selection of others, won the Poetry Society of America's Robert M. Winner Memorial Award, and her poetry has appeared in literary journals and magazines such as Ploughshares, Poetry, The New Yorker, The American Poetry Review, The Journal, Parnassus West, The Cortland Review, Electronic Poetry Review, Colorado Review, Denver Quarterly, New American Writing, ''Indiana Review, Abacus, and VOLT.
She was an adjunct at Millsaps College in Jackson MS (1988–90) where she used the "Eyes On The Prize" PBS series as a text in her freshman comp course, inviting the college community to regard it as an all-college text; sponsored and served as panelist on the first Environmental Symposium; began with her students a campus recycling program; was advisor for the Rape Awareness office; co-led an NIH symposium on Suffering and Tragedy, gave a paper at the Philosophy Department's Colloquium, and attempted to live on $1000 a course.
Her other teaching positions included Lecturer at Tufts University, the Institute for Language and Thinking at Bard College, Cornell College, Hugo House (Seattle), and the College of Wooster.
Other Awards
2017: Foundation for Contemporary Arts Dorothea Tanning Award
2004: Northern California Book Awards
2001: Beatrice Hawley Award
2000: James Laughlin Award
Published works
Full-length poetry collections
Chapbooks
Works published in periodicals
Ploughshares
References
External links
Academy of American Poets > Poets > Liz Waldner
Video: Liz Waldner Poetry Reading - Part 1 > 20th Annual Literary Festival > October 15, 1997 > Old Dominion University
Alice James Books > Author Page > Liz Waldner
Poets from Ohio
Writers from Mississippi
Writers from Cleveland
Living people
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
St. John's College (Annapolis/Santa Fe) alumni
Middlebury College alumni
American women poets
Poets from Mississippi
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Kryłów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
The village has a population of 250.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The 2016 Columbus Crew SC season was the club's twenty-first season of existence and their twenty-first consecutive season in Major League Soccer, the top flight of American soccer. Columbus also competed in the U.S. Open Cup and took part in the Desert Diamond Cup during preseason. The season covered the period from December 7, 2015 to the start of the 2017 Major League Soccer season.
Roster
Non-competitive
Preseason
On December 23, 2015, Columbus announced its preseason schedule for the 2016 season. Crew SC were to open preseason by traveling to Lakewood Ranch, Florida for a two-week camp, followed by a week-long camp in Powell, Ohio. Columbus would then travel to Arizona to compete in the 2016 Desert Diamond Cup, one of six Major League Soccer sides taking place in the tournament. Crew SC had scheduled matches against Sporting Kansas City, Real Salt Lake, and Swope Park Rangers, with an additional placement match to be determined after the conclusion of the scheduled matches.
Midseason
Competitive
MLS
Standings
Eastern Conference
Overall table
Results summary
Results by round
Match results
U.S. Open Cup
Statistics
Goals and assists
Disciplinary record
Transfers
In
SuperDraft
The following players were selected by Columbus in the MLS SuperDraft, but did not sign a contract with the club.
Loan in
Out
Loan out
Awards
MLS Team of the Week
MLS Player of the Week
MLS Player of the Month
Postseason
MLS Team Fair Play award
Crew SC Team Awards
Most Valuable Player – Justin Meram
Golden Boot Winner – Ola Kamara
Defender of the Year – Harrison Afful
Humanitarian of the Year – Ethan Finlay
Kirk Urso Heart Award – Hector Jiménez
Academy Player of the Year – Devyn Etling
Kits
The away kit was based on the flag of Columbus.
See also
Columbus Crew SC
2016 in American soccer
2016 Major League Soccer season
References
Notes
Columbus Crew seasons
Columbus Crew SC
Columbus Crew SC
Columbus Crew
Surajpole is a locality in the Udaipur city of Rajasthan state. This is one of the largest and most populated market in the city.
History
Udaipur was one time surrounded by the City Wall of Udaipur, called in Hindi Parkota. Surajpole Darvaja or Surajpole is one entry gate among seven, the others being Hathipole, Udiapole, Chandpole, DelhiGate, and so on.
General
It is situated in the heart of the city, just 0.5 km away from the Udaipur City Bus Depot and 1 km from Udaipur City railway station. Surajpole junction is approached from Delhi Gate and connects with Udiapole Circle, which is around 530 m away. It is a center point for many adjoining markets, namely Bapu Bazar, Dhaan Mandi, Kalaji Goraji, Gulab Bagh, Ziniret ka Chowk etc. This area has a mixed land use, having elements of residential, commercial and institutional use.
Bapu Bazar is a popular market for shopping, with showrooms for things like clothing, crockery, gadgets, shoes school uniforms and khadi products, while also offering local vendor shops for Indian fast food, like kachori, samosa, pani-puri etc. Dhaan Mandi is popular for raw and processed Indian spices. Kalaji Goraji is considered a peaceful residential area.
See also
Udaipur
Chandpole
Udiapole
References
Areas of Udaipur
Bret Myers (born April 1, 1980) is an American former soccer player and current professor. Myers played with the Williamsburg Wizards youth travel team, with the University of Richmond, and with the Richmond Kickers. He won a gold medal with Team USA at the 11th Pan American Maccabi Games in 2008. He is a professor at Villanova University, and an analytics consultant for Major League Soccer's Columbus Crew.
Early life and education
Myers, a native of Richmond, Virginia, is the son of Dr. Thomas and Carolyn Myers, and is Jewish. Myers grew up attending the Beth Ahabah Temple, in Richmond. He attended Collegiate School in Richmond ('02).
He attended the University of Richmond (Robins School of Business, BS, Business Administration, Management and Operations '98). Myers also attended the University of Virginia (MS, Systems Engineering, '06) and Drexel University's Bennett S. LeBow College of Business (PhD, Decision Sciences, '09).
Soccer career
Myers played with the Williamsburg Wizards soccer travel club, coached by Al Albert, before enrolling in college.
He played forward in soccer at the University of Richmond. Myers was honored as a 2000 National Soccer Coaches Association of America scholar-athlete regional honoree, and was named Atlantic 10 Academic All-Conference. As of 2006, he was 6th on the Spider men's soccer career assist list, with 21, as he also scored 15 goals.
Myers played soccer for two seasons with the Richmond Kickers, from 2002-03.
He won a gold medal with Team USA at the 11th Pan American Maccabi Games in Buenos Aries, Argentina, in 2008.
Later life
Myers is a professor at Villanova University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he teaches business statistics. He is also an analytics consultant for Major League Soccer's Columbus Crew.
His wife Jill is a former field hockey player, and coach at the University of Richmond.
References
External links
Bret R. Myers, Ph.D., Michael Burns, Brian Q. Coughlin, Edward Bolte (September 17, 2021). "On the Development and Application of an Expected Goals Model for Lacrosse," The Sport Journal.
1980 births
21st-century American Jews
American soccer players
American statisticians
Association football midfielders
Columbus Crew non-playing staff
Drexel University alumni
Jewish American sportspeople
Jewish footballers
Living people
Richmond Kickers players
Richmond Spiders men's soccer players
Soccer players from Richmond, Virginia
Sports statisticians
Statistics educators
University of Virginia alumni
Villanova University faculty
"Don't Know Why" is the debut single by British London-based trio SoundGirl from their shelved debut studio album. The single was released on 19 June 2011 as a digital download in the United Kingdom. The official remix features teen rapper Mann.
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Don't Know Why" was first released onto YouTube on 27 April 2011, at a total length of three minutes and forty-six seconds.
Track listing
Chart performance
Release history
Origins
"Don't Know Why" is based on the track "Why (Does Your Love Hurt So Much)" by Natasha Thomas, which was released in 2003 by Epic Records and is in turn based on Carly Simon's 1982 single "Why". The SoundGirl and Natasha Thomas tracks both build on the success of the signature reggae/pop sound of Ace of Base.
References
External links
2011 debut singles
Songs written by Ant Whiting
2011 songs
Mercury Records singles
Songs written by Miranda Cooper
Songs written by Nile Rodgers
Songs written by Little Nikki
Songs written by Bernard Edwards
The molecular formula C22H30O4 (molar mass: 358.47 g/mol) may refer to:
Bolinaquinone
Canrenoic acid
Gestonorone acetate, or gestronol acetate
Tetrahydrocannabinolic acid
Molecular formulas
Święcica may refer to the following places:
Święcica, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Święcica, Sandomierz County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Święcica, Staszów County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Święcica, former name of Wola Klasztorna in Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship.
Marius Stravinsky (born 13 March 1979 in Alma-Ata, Soviet Union) is a British conductor and violinist of Kazakh-Lithuanian descent.
Studies
Marius Stravinsky began his violin studies at the age of four. Educated at the Moscow Central Music School, he later moved to London, where he continued his studies at the Yehudi Menuhin School and then Eton College. He then attended and graduated from the Royal Academy of Music in London in 2002. As a violinist, Marius Stravinsky has performed extensively, including Lockenhaus Chamber Music Festival, Spoleto Music Festival, Melbourne International Arts Festival and many others. In 1998, he was invited to the Aix-en-Provence Festival as Claudio Abbado's assistant conductor in Peter Brook's new "Don Giovanni" production. Another one of his regular conducting mentors was Igor Golovchin, and Marius has also taken part in masterclasses with Kenneth Kiesler and Eri Klas. From 2002-2005, Stravinsky returned to Moscow to study conducting with Vladimir Ponkin, working as his Assistant Conductor in both the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra and the Helikon Opera.
Professional
Whilst resident at Helikon Opera, his performances included fully staged productions of Berg ("Lulu"), Bizet ("Carmen"), Giorgdano ("Siberia"), Poulenc ("Les Dialogue des Carmelites"), Prokofiev ("The Story of a Real Man"), Rimsky-Korsakov ("Kaschei the Immortal"), Shostakovich ("Lady Macbeth of the Mtensk District"), and works by Igor Stravinsky (such as "Mavra"). In 2007, Stravinsky was awarded the position of Chief Conductor & Artistic Director of the Karelia Philharmonic Orchestra, and following his five-year tenure in this role, he then – at the personal invitation of Vladimir Jurowski – took up the position of Assistant Conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra for the 2013/2014 season.
Stravinsky's discography includes world premiere recordings of Ignaz Brüll's Violin Concerto and Symphony in E minor, Salomon Jadassohn's Symphony No.1, and Pavel Pabst's Piano Concerto, on the Cameo Classics Label. During his tenure as Chief Conductor & Artistic Director, Stravinsky also released recordings of major works by Maurice Blower, Dorothy Howell, Joseph Holbrooke and Sergey Zhukov with the Karelia Philharmonic Orchestra.
References
British male conductors (music)
Living people
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
People educated at Yehudi Menuhin School
1979 births
21st-century British conductors (music)
21st-century British male musicians
The Hits Album, or Hits 1 as it is often called, is a compilation album released by CBS (Now Sony BMG) and WEA in November 1984. The album was released as a rival to the already successful Now That's What I Call Music series which EMI and Virgin Records had launched in November 1983. The Hits Album reached No. 1 in the UK Top 100 Albums chart for seven weeks and remained in the chart for 36 weeks. This album kept Now 4 from the coveted No. 1 spot over Christmas 1984 – the only Now album in the original series not to reach No. 1 in either the UK Album Chart (to 1989) or the UK Compilations Chart (January 1989 onwards).
It was released on double LP and cassette and launched the Hits Series.
Hits 1 features three songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: "Freedom", "I Feel for You" and "Careless Whisper".
Track listing
Record/Tape 1 Side 1 (1)
Wham! – "Freedom"
Howard Jones – "Like to Get to Know You Well"
Alison Moyet – "All Cried Out"
Paul Young – "I'm Gonna Tear Your Playhouse Down"
Alphaville – "Big in Japan"
Laura Branigan – "Self Control"
Ray Parker Jr. – "Ghostbusters"
Michael Jackson – "Thriller"
Record/Tape 1 Side 2 (2)
Chaka Khan – "I Feel for You"
Billy Ocean – "Caribbean Queen"
The Jacksons – "Body"
The S.O.S. Band – "Just Be Good to Me"
Deniece Williams – "Let's Hear It for the Boy"
Miami Sound Machine – "Dr. Beat"
Sister Sledge – "Lost in Music"
Prince and The Revolution – "Purple Rain"
Record/Tape 2 Side 1 (3)
George Michael – "Careless Whisper"
The Cars – "Drive"
Chicago – "Hard Habit to Break"
Cyndi Lauper – "All Through the Night"
Thompson Twins – "Sister of Mercy"
The Stranglers – "Skin Deep"
Everything but the Girl – "Each and Every One"
Sade – "Smooth Operator"
Record/Tape 2 Side 2 (4)
ZZ Top – "Gimme All Your Lovin'"
Van Halen – "Jump"
Kenny Loggins – "Footloose"
Adam Ant – "Apollo 9"
Meat Loaf – "Modern Girl"
Rod Stewart – "Some Guys Have All the Luck"
Shakin' Stevens – "Teardrops"
Neil – "Hole in My Shoe"
See also
Hits (compilation series)
Now That's What I Call Music
References
Collins Complete UK Hit Albums 1956-2005. Graham Betts. 2005. .
1984 compilation albums
CBS Records compilation albums
Warner Music Group compilation albums
Hits (compilation series) albums
László Sátor (born 9 May 1953) is a Hungarian racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1953 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Hungary
Place of birth missing (living people)
Arthur Alfred Brown (3 December 1858 – 1 July 1909) was an English footballer who played for Aston Villa in the 1880s. He was their first international player, making three appearances for England in 1882. Throughout his career he was known as "Digger" Brown.
Playing career
Brown was born in Spon End, Coventry, the elder brother of Albert Arthur Brown who would also go on to have a career as a footballer with Aston Villa. Arthur began his career playing for local junior sides including Aston Cross, Aston Unity and Aston Comrades before joining the most senior club in the area, Aston Villa in 1878. His initial spell at Villa only lasted a few weeks before he left to join Mitchell St George's.
Two years later, after spells with Birchfield Trinity and Birmingham Excelsior, he re-joined Aston Villa. His favoured position was at inside right but he could play on either wing. Contemporary reports described him as "sturdy, though small, he could dribble through opponents with astonishing ease and grace."
His first England cap came against Ireland on 18 February 1882 when he played alongside his Villa colleague Howard Vaughton. England's 13–0 victory is still the team's largest ever win; the Villa forwards "totally dominated" scoring nine goals between them, with Vaughton scoring five and Brown four. Brown "seemed set for a lengthy career" but, although he played in the two other 1882 internationals against Wales and Scotland (both of which resulted in defeats) he was never again selected for England. His international career spanned 23 days, in which he played three matches scoring four goals.
His club career was before the inception of The Football League and all Brown's club games were in friendlies and in the FA Cup. During his Villa career he played 22 FA Cup matches, scoring 15 goals, often playing alongside his team captain, Archie Hunter. By 1886, ill-health had forced Brown to retire and he therefore missed out on the inaugural Football League season.
He continued to keep up an interest in Villa's affairs until he died on 1 July 1909, aged 50.
Professional baseball
In 1890 Brown played professional baseball for Aston Villa in the National League of Baseball of Great Britain.
References
External links
England profile
Aston Villa profile
1858 births
Footballers from Birmingham, West Midlands
1909 deaths
English footballers
England international footballers
Association football forwards
Aston Unity F.C. players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Birmingham St George's F.C. players
Birmingham Excelsior F.C. players
Heaven Lake (Korean: , Ch'ŏnji or Cheonji; , Tiānchí; Manchu: Tamun omo or Tamun juce) is a crater lake on the border between China and North Korea. It lies within a caldera atop the volcanic Paektu Mountain, a part of the Baekdudaegan and Changbai mountain ranges. It is located partly in Ryanggang Province, North Korea, at , and partly in Jilin Province, northeastern China. Heaven Lake has been recognized as the highest volcanic lake in the world by the Shanghai Office of the Guinness Book of Records.
Geology and limnology
The caldera which contains Heaven Lake was created by the 946 eruption of Paektu Mountain.
The lake has a surface elevation of . The lake covers an area of with a south–north length of and an east–west length of . The average depth of the lake is and a maximum depth of . From mid-October to mid-June, it is typically covered with ice.
History
Names and legends
In ancient Chinese literature, also refers to ( sometimes translated as "southern sea").
North Korean propaganda claims that Kim Jong-il was born near the lake on the mountain. In accordance with this, North Korean news agencies reported that on his death, the ice on the lake cracked "so loud, it seemed to shake the heavens and the Earth".
Notable visits
As part of an Inter-Korean summit, heads of states Kim Jong-un and Moon Jae-in visited Mount Paektu and Heaven Lake on September 20, 2018. Moon filled a bottle with water from the lake to take back to South Korea. The visit to the lake was a symbolic gesture, as both the lake and the mountain have considerable cultural significance to the Korean people. Mount Paektu is mentioned in the anthems of both North and South Korea, and is considered to be the spiritual home of the Koreans.
Lake Tianchi Monster
Heaven Lake is also alleged to be home to the Lake Tianchi Monster.
On September 6, 2007, Zhuo Yongsheng (director of a TV station's news center run by the administration office of the nature reserve at Mount Changbaishan, Jilin) shot a 20-minute video of six seal-like, finned "Lake Tianchi Monsters", near the North Korean border. He sent pictures of the Loch Ness Monster-type creatures to Xinhua's Jilin provincial bureau. One of them showed the creatures swimming in three pairs, in parallel. Another showed them together, leaving ripples on the volcanic lake.
In popular culture
The lake is the subject of the song "Tianchi Lake" on The Mountain Goats' 2008 album Heretic Pride.
See also
Korean Peninsula
Baekdudaegan
Tourism in North Korea
References
Notes
Lakes of China
Calderas of Asia
Volcanic crater lakes
Bodies of water of Jilin
China–North Korea border
International lakes of Asia
Lakes of North Korea
Jelica Komnenović (born 20 April 1960) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
People from Foča
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
ŽKK Partizan players
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Yugoslav women's basketball players
Serbian women's basketball players
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Universiade medalists in basketball
Universiade gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Universiade bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Medalists at the 1983 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1987 Summer Universiade
Asticcacaulis benevestitus is a Gram-negative, aerobic, heterotrophic and psychrotolerant bacterium from the genus of Asticcacaulis which has been isolated from shrub tundra wetland from the Polar Urals in Russia.
References
Caulobacterales
Bacteria described in 2006
Hasan Ali Turkmani (; 27 January 1935 – 18 July 2012) was a prominent Syrian military commander and Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party member. He served as the minister of defense in Syria from 2004 to 2009.
He and three other top Syrian government officials were killed on 18 July 2012 in Damascus during a bomb attack.
Early life and education
Hasan Turkmani was born in Aleppo in 1935 into a Syrian Sunni Muslim family of Turkmen origin. He attended different courses and a higher military education, including bachelor in military sciences :
Bachelor in Military Sciences, Infantry Officer, Military Academy of Homs, graduate in 1955,
Mechanized Troop and Battalion Command Course, 1963
Combined Arms (Infantry and Armour) field command and staff course, 1965
Higher Field Command and Staff Course, Masters in Military Sciences, 1969
Higher Staff Course (War College), Doctor of Military Sciences, 1972
Career
Turkmani joined the Syrian Arab Army in 1955 as an infantry officer. He was one of the first officers to graduate on the new mechanized units of the BMP-1 and BTR-60 armoured vehicles. He completed a staff course for combined arms operations from East Germany in 1965, and a Command and Staff Course from Egypt in 1969. He commanded the 9th Mechanized Infantry Brigade which fought a crucial rearguard action around Damascus in 1973. He was promoted to the rank of major general in 1975. Turkmani also began to serve as a member of the central committee of the Baath Party beginning in 2000. He was the deputy chief of staff in the Syrian army until 2002. He was appointed chief of staff on 23 January 2002, replacing Ali Aslan. Since he is a Sunni Muslim, his appointment was considered as a move to restore a touch of sectarian diversity to Syria's military-intelligence establishment, which had been dominated by Alawite Muslims.
On 12 May 2004, he became defense minister, replacing Mustafa Tlass. On the other hand, Ali Habib Mahmoud succeeded Turkmani as chief of staff. In June 2006, Turkmani visited Tehran and signed a strategic alliance agreement with his Iranian counterpart Mustafa Mohammad Najjar to form a joint defense committee.
Turkmani was replaced in June 2009 by the former army chief Ali Habib Mahmud as defense minister. On 3 June 2009, President Bashar Assad appointed Turkmani as assistant vice president with the rank of minister. He was also appointed chief of crisis operations and was widely blamed for the campaign of torture in Syria. In addition, Turkmani was a military advisor to vice president Farouk Sharaa.
Rumoured death
On 19 May 2012, the Free Syrian Army's (FSA) Damascus council announced that one of their operatives from the FSA's Al Sahabeh battalion had successfully poisoned all eight members of Bashar Assad's Central Crisis Management Cell (CCMC), a group of top military officials who currently run the Syrian army's daily operations. The Free Syrian Army's Damascus council said they believed at least six out of the eight members, including Turkmani, Assef Shawkat, Mohammad al-Shaar, Daoud Rajha, Hisham Ikhtiyar and Mohammad Said Bakhtian, to have been killed. Mohammad al-Shaar, then interior minister, and Hasan Turkmani, then assistant vice president, denied their own deaths to State TV, calling it "categorically baseless".
Personal life
Hasan Turkmani's son Muhammad Bilal owned the weekly political magazine Abyad wa Aswad ("Black and White" in English).
Death and funeral
Hasan Turkmani was assassinated on 18 July 2012 in a bombing by opposition militants on a meeting of the Central Crisis Management Cell (CCMC) at the national security building in Rawda Square, north-west Damascus, where the minister of defense Dawoud Rajiha, his deputy Assef Shawkat and other top officials were also killed. Turkmani died of his wounds after the attack. Dozens of civiliants were injured. A state funeral was held for him, Dawoud Rajiha and Assef Shawkat in Damascus on 20 July 2012.
References
1935 births
2012 deaths
People from Aleppo
Syrian Sunni Muslims
Syrian ministers of defense
Members of the Regional Command of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party – Syria Region
Chiefs of Staff of the Syrian Army
Military personnel killed in the Syrian civil war
Assassinated Syrian politicians
Deaths by explosive device
Terrorism deaths in Syria
Assassinated military personnel
2012 murders in Syria
Homs Military Academy alumni
Kazakhstan competed in the Winter Olympic Games as an independent nation for the first time at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway. Previously, Kazakhstani athletes competed for the Unified Team at the 1992 Winter Olympics.
Medalists
Alpine skiing
Men
Women
Biathlon
Men
Women
Cross-country skiing
Men
Women
Figure skating
Ice dancing
Freestyle skiing
Men
Short track speed skating
Women
Ski jumping
Speed skating
Men
Women
References
Official Olympic Reports
International Olympic Committee results database
Nations at the 1994 Winter Olympics
1994
1994 in Kazakhstani sport
Ferguson Lake is a lake in the geographic Stewart Township, Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada. It is part of the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin.
Ferguson Lake has two unnamed inflows, both at the southwest. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek at the east which flows through several lakes and eventually to the Little Jocko River. The Little Jocko River flows via the Jocko River and the Ottawa River to the Saint Lawrence River.
The Ontario Northland Railway passes through the community of Tomiko about northwest of the lake.
See also
List of lakes in Ontario
References
Lakes of Nipissing District
Haji Namdar Group (HNG), also known as Suppression of Vice and Promotion of Virtue and Local Taliban Movement, is an organisation designated as terrorist in Pakistan.
In 1991, Haji Namdar left Tirah and moved to Saudi Arabia. Upon his return in 2003, he founded the Haji Namdar Group, enforcing Taliban-interpreted Islamic law. The Pakistani government designated HNG as a terrorist organisation on 30 June 2008. Namdar was assassinated on 13 August 2008, allegedly by militants loyal to Baitullah Mehsud.
References
2003 establishments in Pakistan
Jihadist groups in Pakistan
Religious paramilitary organizations
Organisations designated as terrorist by Pakistan
Adelidoria glauca is an insect species from Sri Lanka that was first described by William Forsell Kirby in 1891. It is the only species of the genus Adelidoria, which is related to the genus Cerynia, but differs in the neuration, etc.
Description
According to Distant, length excluding tegmina 9 to 10 mm; including tegmina 33 to 35 mm. According to Kirby it is 27–31 mm long.
Tegmina are pale bluish grey, hind marginal area is paler; hind wings are more grey and iridescent. Body white, scutellum and legs black. Abdomen covered with white feathery waxy excrescences.
The frons is longitudinally convex, genae anteriorly rotundate, neither frons nor genae produced in the middle. Ocelli distinct. Antennae: segments of the peduncle elongate, first extending considerably beyond the lateral margins of the genae, second about one-fifth longer than the first. Tegmina are very greatly decumbent, very ample, sensibly widened towards the apex, rotundate, with a single regular series of transverse nervures towards the apex; corium, etc. (except at the base) with numerous transverse nervures; many of the longitudinal nervures furcate. Costal membrane dilated, basally narrowed more than twice as long in the middle as the costal area. Posterior tibiae with one spine. Abdomen compressed.
Biology and behavior
It sometimes covers the leaves of Syzygium trees upon which the larva feeds. When disturbed, it flies away in clouds.
Distribution
It is only known from Sri Lanka.
Sources
Hemiptera
glauca
Mount Pilkington is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia, between Mount Freshfield and Waitabit Peak. It was named in 1898 after Charles Pilkington. Mount Pilkington is located on the Continental Divide between the Campbell Icefield and the Freshfield Icefield.
The Pilkington Ascent
On August 5th, 2019, Dr. Matthew B.G. Pilkington, Charles Pilkington's great-great-grandnephew, became the first Pilkington to summit the peak. Matthew's ascent was followed by his son, Dante G.M. Pilkington, who became the second Pilkington to summit Mount Pilkington.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
List of mountains in the Canadian Rockies
References
Mountains of Banff National Park
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Events from the year 1672 in literature.
Events
January 25 – London's Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, is destroyed by fire. The King's Company moves to the theatre at Lincoln's Inn Fields, which the rival Duke's Company left the previous year.
June – Thomas Killigrew mounts another all-female production of his The Parson's Wedding with the King's Company. (The first occurred in 1664.) Beaumont and Fletcher's Philaster and Dryden's The Maiden Queen are also staged with all-women casts new prologues by Dryden for the productions.
September 13 – John Bunyan is released after twelve years' imprisonment for preaching without a licence.
December – John Dryden's play Marriage à la Mode first performed in London by the King's Company.
The Mercure de France is first published, under the title Mercure galant.
New books
Prose
Nicolás Antonio – Bibliotheca Hispana Nova
Nicolas Denys – Description Géographique et Historique des Costes de l'Amérique Septentrionale (Description and Natural History of the Coasts of North America)
Richard Cumberland – De legibus naturae (On natural laws)
Melchor Fuster – Conceptos predicables
Gadla Walatta Petros (Ethiopian hagiography in Ge'ez language)
Nathaniel Hodges – Loimologia
James Janeway – A Token for Children, Part 2
John Milton – Art of Logic
Pierre Nicole – A Discourse Against Plays and Romances
César Vichard de Saint-Réal – Dom Carlos
Drama
Anonymous – Emilia (adapted from the Costanza di Rosamondo of Aurelio Aureli)
Anonymous – The Illustrious Slaves
Pedro Calderon de la Barca
Eco y Narciso
El hijo del sol, Faetón
La niña de Gómez Arias
Thomas Corneille – Ariane
John Dryden
The Assignation
Marriage à la mode (first performed; published the following year)
John Lacy (published)
The Dumb Lady, or The Farrier Made Physician
The Old Troop, or Monsier Ragou
Molière – Les Femmes Savantes
Henry Nevil Payne – The Morning Ramble
Jean Racine – Bajazet
Edward Ravenscroft – The Citizen Turned Gentleman
Thomas Shadwell
Epsom Wells
The Miser
George Villiers, 2nd Duke of Buckingham, and others – The Rehearsal (published)
Poetry
Miguel de Barrios – El coro de las musas
Births
January 18 – Antoine Houdar de la Motte, French writer, (died 1731)
March – Sir Richard Steele, Irish dramatist, satirist and politician (died 1729)
May 1 – Joseph Addison, English essayist, poet and politician (died 1719)
August 2 – Johann Jakob Scheuchzer, Swiss paleontologist, historian and travel writer (died 1733)
October 27 – Maria Gustava Gyllenstierna, Swedish writer (died 1737)
Deaths
June 14 – Matthew Wren, English scholar and cleric (born 1629)
June 20 – Alonso Andrada, Spanish biographer and ascetic writer (born 1590)
September 12 – Tanneguy Le Fèvre, French classicist (born 1615)
September 16 – Anne Bradstreet, pioneering American female author (born c. 1612)
November 21 – Robert Creighton, Scottish classicist, politician and bishop (born 1593)
December 27 – Jacques Rohault, French philosopher (born 1618)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
KRI Beladau (643) is a of the Indonesian Navy. Commissioned in 2013, she is the third ship of her class.
Specifications
The vessel has a length of 44 meters, a draft of 7.4 meters, and a displacement of 250 tonnes with the maximum speed of 27 knots. She has a crew complement of 35, and is equipped with C-705 missiles, a 20mm Denel Vektor GI-2 main gun, and was later fitted with the AK-630 CIWS.
Service history
Beladau was commissioned by Minister of Defense Purnomo Yusgiantoro in Batam on 25 January 2013. She is part of the Indonesian Navy's Western Fleet Command (Koarmabar).
References
2013 ships
Clurit-class fast attack craft
Meitu Inc. is a Chinese technology company established in 2008 and headquartered in Xiamen, Fujian. It makes smartphones and selfie apps. Meitu's photo-editing and sharing software for smartphones is hugely popular in China and other Asian countries, attracting 456 million users who post more than 6 billion photos every month. As of October 31, 2016, Meitu's apps have been activated on over 1.1 billion unique devices worldwide. According to App Annie, Meitu has been repeatedly ranked as one of the top eight iOS non-game app developers globally from June 2014 through October 2016, together with global Internet giants such as Alibaba, Apple, Baidu, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Tencent. MeituPic, their top app, has 52 million active daily users and 270 million MAU. On December 15, 2016, Meitu went public on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Hong Kong Exchange has not seen a technology offering of this size in nearly a decade.
Mobile apps
Meitu currently has 13 apps installed on more than 1.1 billion unique devices worldwide, generating approximately 6 billion photos per month.
According to App Annie, Meitu is the fourth largest app developer in China. Meitu's most popular apps in China include:
MeituPic: Selected as one of iTunes top 10 apps of the year, Meitu has become one of the most popular photo editing apps of all time giving users access to an incredible suite of professional filters, frames, effects and other tools to turn their smartphone photos into works of art. Available on both Apple and Google Play stores for free.
together editing- MeituPic launched a new feature in Aug 2022 which allows multiple users to edit the same picture simultaneously.
Meipai: Launched in 2014, Meipai has rapidly grown to become the #1 video-based social media platform in China with nearly 8 billion views per month. Meipai offers a suite of editing tools that allow users to design personalized videos and express themselves on the platform. After new terms and conditions for sponsored posts were implemented in 2017, the popularity of the platform declined, with many users moving to other short video apps. In 2018 the app received a redesign which made it more similar to its competitor Douyin. By 2019, Meitu had focused its attention on its original Meitu app, adding social features to it.
Mobile devices
In 2013, Meitu developed its first selfie smartphone called the Meitu Kiss. Since then, Meitu has developed several selfie phones with the two latest models, the T8 and M8, launched in February and May 2017, respectively.
Marketing strategy
Target market/Market segmentation:
From the first Meitu phone named MeituKiss launched in May 2013 to Meitu V6 in November 2017, the target customers are female, especially female customers between the ages of 18–25. About 70% of Meitu's phone customers are from this age group.
Meitu phones are marketed for their cameras including photo advanced beautification, Smart fill light automatically and optical image stabilization were developed to meet target customers' needs, furthermore, the release of limited edition versions(like Meitu M8 cartoon editions) also indulged customers' fancy. Meitu believes its understanding of its target customers drives its phone's functions development, as the founder and CEO of Meitu, Xinhong Wu presented that Meitu phones designing more focus on user selfie experience
Marketing Strategy - Price:
Meitu adopt premium pricing in phones selling, towards Meitu phones' high price, Meitu company said that the pricing was based on improving the user experience, and the CEO Xinhong Wu said that Meitu phones' customers are insensitive to price when challenged as to why their new phone cost RMB 5,099 (around USD 805) in 2017.
Marketing Strategy - Distribution(or Place):
Online selling mainly without official physical stores, but Meitu phone has its offline experience Shops, and cooperating with Chinese famous online retailers such as Taobao and Suning.
Marketing Strategy - Digital marketing and Promotion:
Sales promotion:Meitu phones' online selling platforms only run sales promotion in some festivals, activities including discounts, online coupons and freebies, all Meitu phones released with limited amount, such as only 20,000 M8 cartoon limited-edition be sold in May 2017, so the promotion intensity on online selling platforms is always weak, the company mainly use hunger marketing to inspire customers' purchasing desire.
Digital marketing:Meitu company used digital marketing as the method for products promotion, approaches they adopted including search engine optimization (SEO), search engine marketing (SEM), through mobile phone apps and social media marketing.
Meitu company cooperates mainly with Baidu search engine, which targets market in Mainland China, and started the formal cooperation with Google DoubleClick for Publishers from September 2017 and the cooperation targets potential customers in Hong Kong, furthermore, with regard to marketing through mobile phone apps, Meitu company made use of their own brand apps to promote their phones like MeituPic, BeautyPlus and Meipai, and advertising formats including banners ads, pop-up ads and short video ads, but these apps as advertising platrofms not promote their own products only, but also undertake other brands' advertisements like Snickers's advertisement in Meipai.
Meitu phones' advertising mainly through social media platforms like Baidu Paste Bar and Sina Weibo in mainland China, the company invited Angelababy, a famous Chinese actress as the brand ambassador, moreover, Meitu phones with thousands of celebrity customers (most of them are famous stars and bloggers), the popularity of Meitu phones within these celebrity customer group improved the product's awareness, and made the product be more topical within social media platforms.
Celebrity customers have been making contribution in Meitu phone promotion within Sina Weibo, all of them with millions even tens of millions of followers, like the brand ambassador Angelababy, she has more than 8500 million followers in Weibo, while the phones' types could be shown when users post information in Weibo, so when these celebrity customers post Meitu phones' advertisements or use Meitu phones to post other messages, their followers could capture Meitu relevant information, and during the process, the Meitu phone has been promoted, and these famous people's participating also create positive celebrity effect, which could help the Meitu phone grab press attention and improve product's awareness.
Popularity of Meitu apps
Meitu's photo-editing and sharing software for smartphones are hugely popular throughout Asia, particularly in China, Thailand, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, the Philippines, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam with each country being home to more than 10 million users. India has the second highest number of users for the app outside of China and is considered Meitu's biggest overseas market. It has also been downloaded by more than 10 million people in Brazil and the US and globally has more than 500 million users.
Offices
Meitu is based in Xiamen, China. Outside of China, Meitu has set up offices in Brazil, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Indonesia, Singapore and the United States.
Controversy
On January 20, 2017, CNN reported Meitu apps are collecting information about users for advertising purposes, and sends that data back to servers in China. But Meitu denied CNN's report that the app is leaking users' privacy. The company said collecting users' data is to "optimize app performance, its effects and features, and to better understand our consumer engagement with in-app advertisements" in an official statement. The permissions include certain geolocation and app-checking code to comply with advertising network requirements in China, where jailbroken devices can be used to defraud advertisers, and advertisers may demand that their messages be geofenced to appear only in certain regions. Apple confirmed that the app was and remains in compliance.
Meitu's makers are quoted as saying: “Our mission is to make the world a more beautiful place”. Beauty standards in China have become linked to the Meitu definitions of beauty. It has become common practice in China for people, largely women, to take their Meitu edited pictures to plastic surgeons as examples for what they want to look like.
In June 2020, the Government of India banned Meitu app with 58 other Chinese origin apps citing data and privacy issues. The border tensions in 2020 between India and China might have also played a role in the ban.
References
Software companies established in 2008
Chinese companies established in 2008
Manufacturing companies based in Xiamen
Electronics companies of China
Mobile phone companies of China
Mobile phone manufacturers
Chinese brands
Companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
Digital marketing
2016 initial public offerings
Internet censorship in India
McDonough is a small unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. The community lies north of Odessa and just due south of St. Georges. It is named for Captain Thomas Macdonough.
References
Unincorporated communities in New Castle County, Delaware
Unincorporated communities in Delaware
The Game Awards 2016 was an award show that honored the best video games of 2016. It was produced and hosted by Geoff Keighley at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles on December 1, 2016, and was live streamed across several platforms. At the event, Overwatch won Game of the Year, Blizzard Entertainment won Best Studio, and game designer Hideo Kojima was honored with the Industry Icon Award.
Broadcast and viewership
The Game Awards broadcast was streamed on December 1, 2016 at 5:30 pm PST across several video sharing sites, including YouTube and Twitch, as well as on the gaming services Xbox Live, PlayStation Network, and Steam. For the first time, the YouTube stream included options for virtual reality and 4K resolution. Keighley and other event organizers worked with Tencent QQ to have the show livestreamed and translated for Chinese viewers using Tencent's QQ and WeChat clients, and to participate in the Fans Choice Awards; the two services combined had potential for more than 1.5 billion additional viewers. Keighley identified that with China's ban on video games having been lifted in 2015, it has become one of the fastest growing markets for video games, and obtained the Tencent deal was "really an experiment" to see how well the awards presentation would be taken there.
Keighley served at the host of the live event from the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles. The event featured live performances by Run The Jewels the Doom soundtrack by Mick Gordon, and Rae Sremmurd.
The event included new gameplay videos for several upcoming games. Prior to the event, Keighley stated that the show would have less reliance on computer generated (CGI) trailers and more on in-game footage, which was due to the effect of No Man's Skys misleading marketing earlier in the year. Among games shown during the broadcast included Mass Effect: Andromeda, The Walking Dead: A New Frontier, Prey, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment, Halo Wars 2, Death Stranding, Dauntless from Phoenix Labs, a Bulletstorm remaster, Telltale's Guardians of the Galaxy, LawBreakers, Warframe, Assassin's Creed: The VR Experience, and clips from the 2016 Assassin's Creed film. Breath of the Wild was also featured in the pre-show.
With the addition of streaming to Asian audiences, the broadcast saw a total viewership of about 3.8 million, an increase of 65% from the 2015 show.
The show is infamous for its marketing tie-in with Schick razor blades. Hydrobot, a buff, humanoid robot with a razor blade head, appeared throughout the show and posed with game developer Hideo Kojima. The stunt was criticized for its commercialized nature.
Winners and nominees
The nominees for The Game Awards 2016 were announced on November 16, 2016. Candidate games must have had a commercial release date on or before November 24, 2016, in order to be eligible. On November 21, The Game Awards dropped fangames AM2R and Pokémon Uranium from their "Best Fan Creation" nominee list. During a stream before the event, Keighley elaborated more on the situation and explained that the fangames were not legally cleared by Nintendo, who owns the rights to the intellectual property of both games, to be included on the show.
Most of the winners were announced during the awards ceremony on December 1, 2016 with the exception of the "Best Fan Creation" category. Winners are shown first in bold.
Jury-voted awards
Fan's choice awards
Honorary awards
Games with multiple nominations and awards
References
Notes
Footnotes
External links
2016 awards
2016 awards in the United States
2016 in Los Angeles
2016 in video gaming
The Game Awards ceremonies
2016 video game awards
The R252 road is a regional road in Ireland, located in County Donegal. It runs between Fintown and Ballybofey.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Donegal
Samuel Abt (born 1934) is an American sports journalist and author who covered professional cycling for 31 years, publishing articles in the New York Times and International Herald Tribune, among others. He devoted much time to chronicling the careers of English-speaking riders, especially Lance Armstrong and Greg LeMond.
Abt wrote 10 books on professional cycling, including In High Gear: The World of Professional Bicycle Racing, Lemond: The Incredible Comeback of an American Hero, and the acclaimed Breakaway: On the Road with the Tour de France. According to VeloPress, "He is the only American to have been awarded the medal of the Tour de France for distinguished service to the race."
In 1971, while working at the New York Times, Abt helped edit the Pentagon Papers.
Abt is retired and lives in a suburb of Paris. He is a graduate of Brown University.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Abt, Samuel "LeMond: The Incredible Comeback" (1990) Random House, New York, NY,
Living people
1934 births
Cycling journalists
Cycling writers
American expatriates in France
American information and reference writers
Mercè Company i González (Barcelona, 19 May 1947) is a Spanish writer in Spanish, Catalan and French languages.
She studied journalism and worked for several magazines and publishing companies. She has authored more than 170 books and been awarded many times for her works as a Children's literature writer (Premi Ciutat d'Olot, de Contes Infantils, 1982; Premi de la Crítica Serra d'Or, 1983, Barcelona's Golden Medal, 1999)
She collaborated with the production of the books and the Cartoon series of The Triplets (Las tres mellizas in Spanish, Les tres bessones in Catalan) by the Catalan television producer enterprise Cromosoma.
Main works
Works in Catalan
Els contes de l'oncle Agust, 1973. (col. of 4 books)
Anna i Víctor, 1981.
Kiko, el pollet La Bruixa Bufuruda 1983.
En Gil i el paraigua màgic, 1982.
Les peripècies d'en Quico Pelacanyes, 1983.
Charlot, 1984.
La casa del catus, 1984.
La petita fantasma, Col. de 6 tìtols.
La Nana Bunilda menja malsons, 1985.
La història de Ernest, 1985.
El món de les coses perdudes, 1986.
El senyor dels núvols, 1987.
A les golfes, 1988.
La reina calva, 1988.
El jardí de l'Espai, 1989.
Bruixes, diables i apareguts, 1989.
Tips de riure, escrit amb col·laboració, 1989.
La granja dels artistes, Mercè Aránega, Timun Mas, 1989-1990 (col. of 4 books)
La Nana Bunilda, 1990.
La Presència La Dama del Medalló, 2000.
La VeuWorks in Spanish
Bamba, el rey gordo, 1982.
La niña del drap Mmm... qué rica manzana, 1990.
Works in French
Nous sommes les trois petits soeurs, 1985.
L'Arbre-mémoire, 1990.
La Bougie magique, 1990.
Le Cadeau du Père Noël, 1991.
Les racines perdues, 1991.
Les ours dormeurs'', 1992.
External links
Pàgina respecte a l'escriptora.
1947 births
Living people
Women writers from Catalonia
Spanish writers in French
Spanish children's writers
Spanish women children's writers
(Francis) Michael Wilkes (born 1941 - 2015) was a British academic, former Lord Mayor of Birmingham, and former Chancellor of Birmingham City University.
Background
Michael Wilkes was born in Brettell Lane, Amblecote, Stourbridge, in 1941.
Wilkes was educated at St Philip's Grammar School in Birmingham. He graduated from the University of Birmingham with the degrees of BSocSc and PhD.
Wilkes has been an Emeritus Professor of Birmingham University since 2002. He was Professor of business investment and management at Birmingham University from 1991 to 2002. He was formerly lecturer and then senior lecturer at Birmingham University. Wilkes had secondments to Aston University and to Northwestern University in the USA.
He was Chancellor of Birmingham City University from 2009 to 2010. Wilkes was Lord Mayor of Birmingham from 2009 to 2010.
Wilkes was a leading expert on Lord of the Rings, Chairman of the Birmingham Tolkien Group, member of the Tolkien Society and a founding member of Birmingham's Middle Earth Weekend.
He was a vice chair of the Lunar Society.
Politics
He was a Liberal Democrat member of Birmingham City Council from 1984 to 1992 and from 2000 to 2012, when he retired and became an honorary alderman.
He was a member of the Fulbright Scholars' Association.
Death
On 17 April 2015, Wilkes died at St. Mary's Hospice from cancer, age 73.
References
1941 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Lord Mayors of Birmingham, West Midlands
People associated with Birmingham City University
Academics of the University of Birmingham
Waduge Warunasiri Mahinda Deshapriya () is a former Chairman of Election Commission of Sri Lanka. On 30 November 2019, he informed the speaker of parliament that he would resign from the post and that his intention had been forwarded to the president Gotabhaya Rajapaksa.
Personal life and education
He was born on 6 June 1955, as the fourth child of parents Waduge Piyasena and Wellage Aunty Nona, both residents of Ambalangoda village in the Galle, Sri Lanka. He has four brothers and one sister. His father, Waduge Piyasena, was a trained Sinhala teacher. When he retired, he was the principal of Ronnadu College. He graduated from Prajapati Gothami Balika Vidyalaya, Ambalangoda and entered Dharmasoka Vidyalaya in 1961. He completed education at Dharmasoka College, Ambalangoda. He was a bright student of the school as well as an excellent speaker. Mahinda's teacher in charge of the class was a teacher named Fonseka, mother of general Sarath Fonseka. Mahinda's knowledge was generally superior to that of the other students in the class, therefore, he faced a special examination and transferred to the upper primary class.
The magazine "Singithi" was published when he was in the fifth class. Two of his articles were also published in "Singithi" Magazine in 1965. Mahinda passed the competitive examination and selected to the Maha Vidyalaya in 1966. Politically, he was a leftist. Piyasena was well versed in arithmetic. The house later became a meeting place for JVP leader Rohana Wijeweera and his members, and Mahinda's elder brother Sunanda was the youngest leader in the discussions. Sunanda was one of the main suspects in the 1971 JVP insurrection led by Wijeweera and was the fifth suspect in the case. He later became the editor of the "Yukthiya" newspaper, and a well-known journalist. During the 1970s, Mahinda also contributed generously to his brother Sunanda's work and was instrumental in spreading revolutionary ideas among the students.
He entered the University of Peradeniya and became a member of the Arts circle of the Faculty of Science. He continued his political activities at the university as well. He graduated from the university with a bachelor's degree in physical science in 1977.
Career
After graduation, he started his teaching career as a chemistry and mathematics teacher at Dharmasoka College, which was his alma mater. He joined with Sri Lanka Administrative Services through Department of Elections in 1982. Later on July 2, 1983, he was appointed as the assistant commissioner of elections in the Department of Elections. In 1998, he was appointed as the Jaffna District returning officer and in 2006 he was appointed as the deputy commissioner of elections.
In 2010, he became the additional commissioner and became the chairman of the Elections Commission with the abolition of the Elections Department and the Elections Commissioner, which had existed until then with the 19th Amendment to the Constitution. That was with the inauguration of the Election Commission on November 13, 2015. Mahinda was appointed as the first chairman of the Election Commission, was the first and only person to hold that post. During the run-up to the 2015 presidential election, the statement "Shoot the head, not the leg" became extremely popular. He was awarded the Sri Lankan of the Year award at the Lanka Market Digest Awards in 2015 and the Public Servant of the Year award at TV Derana in 2016.
Awards
"Sri Lankan of the Year" by Lanka Market Digest in 2015
"Public Servant of the Year" by Derana TV channel 2016
See also
Election Commission of Sri Lanka
Elections in Sri Lanka
References
1955 births
Alumni of Dharmasoka College
Alumni of the University of Sri Lanka (Peradeniya)
Living people
Sinhalese civil servants
Sinhalese teachers
Parse or parser may refer to:
Parsing, in computer science and linguistics, the process of analyzing text
Pârse or Pârsa, the Persian word for Persepolis
Scott Parse (born 1984), an American professional ice hockey player
Parsé Semiconductor Co., an Iranian company
Parse (platform), a mobile software development backend originally created by a cloud services company of the same name
Parser (programming language), a programming language for scripts run on a web server
See also
Parsee
The 1956 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1956 NCAA University Division football season. It was the Tigers' 65th overall and 24th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in his sixth year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished with a record of seven wins and three losses (7–3 overall, 4–3 in the SEC).
Schedule
Source: 1956 Auburn football schedule
Roster
QB Jimmy Cook
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Auburn Tigers football
In theoretical computer science and formal language theory, a tree transducer (TT) is an abstract machine taking as input a tree, and generating output – generally other trees, but models producing words or other structures exist. Roughly speaking, tree transducers extend tree automata in the same way that word transducers extend word automata.
Manipulating tree structures instead of words enable TT to model syntax-directed transformations of formal or natural languages. However, TT are not as well-behaved as their word counterparts in terms of algorithmic complexity, closure properties, etcetera. In particular, most of the main classes are not closed under composition.
The main classes of tree transducers are:
Top-Down Tree Transducers (TOP)
A TOP T is a tuple (Q, Σ, Γ, I, δ) such that:
Q is a finite set, the set of states;
Σ is a finite ranked alphabet, called the input alphabet;
Γ is a finite ranked alphabet, called the output alphabet;
I am a subset of Q, the set of initial states; and
is a set of rules of the form , where f is a symbol of Σ, n is the arity of f, q is a state, and u is a tree on Γ and , such pairs being nullary.
Examples of rules and intuitions on semantics
For instance,
is a rule – one customarily writes instead of the pair – and its intuitive semantics is that, under the action of q, a tree with f at the root and three children is transformed into
where, recursively, and are replaced, respectively, with the application of on the first child and
with the application of on the third.
Semantics as term rewriting
The semantics of each state of the transducer T, and of T itself, is a binary relation between input trees (on Σ) and output trees (on Γ).
A way of defining the semantics formally is to see as a term rewriting system, provided that in the right-hand sides the calls are written in the form , where states q are unary symbols. Then the semantics of a state q is given by
The semantics of T is then defined as the union of the semantics of its initial states:
Determinism and domain
As with tree automata, a TOP is said to be deterministic (abbreviated DTOP) if no two rules of δ share the same left-hand side, and there is at most one initial state. In that case, the semantics of the DTOP is a partial function from input trees (on Σ) to output trees (on Γ), as are the semantics of each of the DTOP's states.
The domain of a transducer is the domain of its semantics. Likewise, the image of a transducer is the image of its semantics.
Properties of DTOP
DTOP are not closed under union: this is already the case for deterministic word transducers.
The domain of a DTOP is a regular tree language. Furthermore, the domain is recognisable by a deterministic top-down tree automaton (DTTA) of size at most exponential in that of the initial DTOP.
That the domain is DTTA-recognizable is not surprising, considering that the left-hand sides of DTOP rules are the same as for DTTA. As for the reason for the exponential explosion in the worst case (that does not exist in the word case), consider the rule . In order for the computation to succeed, it must succeed for both children. That means that the right child must be in the domain of . As for the left child, it must be in the domain of both and . Generally, since subtrees can be copied, a single subtree can be evaluated by multiple states during a run, despite the determinism, and unlike DTTA. Thus the construction of the DTTA recognising the domain of a DTOP must account for sets of states and compute the intersections of their domains, hence the exponential. In the special case of linear DTOP, that is to say DTOP where each appears at most once in the right-hand side of each rule, the construction is linear in time and space.
The image of a DTOP is not a regular tree language.
Consider the transducer coding the transformation ; that is, duplicate the child of the input. This is easily done by a rule , where p encodes the identity. Then, absent any restrictions on the first child of the input, the image is a classical non-regular tree language.
However, the domain of a DTOP cannot be restricted to a regular tree language. That is to say, given a DTOP T and a language L, one cannot in general build a DTOP such that the semantics of is that of T, restricted to L.
This property is linked to the reason deterministic top-down tree automata are less expressive than bottom-up automata: once you go down a given path, information from other paths is inaccessible. Consider the transducer coding the transformation ; that is, output the right child of the input. This is easily done by a rule , where p encodes the identity. Now let's say we want to restrict this transducer to the finite (and thus, in particular, regular) domain . We must use the rules . But in the first rule, does not appear at all, since nothing is produced from the left child. Thus, it is not possible to test that the left child is c. In contrast, since we produce from the right child, we can test that it is a or b. In general, the criterion is that DTOP cannot test properties of subtrees from which they do not produce output.
DTOP are not closed under composition. However this problem can be solved by the addition of a lookahead: a tree automaton, coupled to the transducer, that can perform tests on the domain which the transducer is incapable of.
This follows from the point about domain restriction: composing the DTOP encoding identity on with the one encoding must yield a transducer with the semantics , which we know is not expressible by a DTOP.
The typechecking problem—testing whether the image of a regular tree language is included in another regular tree language—is decidable.
The equivalence problem—testing whether two DTOP define the same functions—is decidable.
Bottom-Up Tree Transducers (BOT)
As in the simpler case of tree automata, bottom-up tree transducers are defined similarly to their top-down counterparts, but proceed from the leaves of the tree to the root, instead of from the root to the leaves. Thus the main difference is in the form of the rules, which are of the form .
References
Trees (data structures)
Automata (computation)
Finite automata
Formal languages
Theoretical computer science
The final of the men's 1500 metres freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships was held on Sunday 18 January in Perth, Western Australia.
Finals
Qualifying heats
Held on Saturday 17 January 1998
See also
1996 Men's Olympic Games 1,500m Freestyle (Atlanta)
1997 Men's World SC Championships 1,500m Freestyle (Gothenburg)
1997 Men's European LC Championships 1,500m Freestyle (Seville)
2000 Men's Olympic Games 1,500m Freestyle (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Shima, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
Lines
Shima-Shimmei Station is served by the Shima Line, and is located 64.4 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Ise-Nakagawa Station.
Station layout
The station consists of a single island platform. There is no station building, but only a rain shelter on the platform itself. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Shima-Shimmei Station opened on July 23, 1929 as a station on the Shima Electric Railway. The line was one of six private companies consolidated into Mie Kotsu by order of the Japanese government on February 11, 1944. When Mie Kotsu dissolved on February 1, 1964, the station became part of the Mie Electric Railway, which was then acquired by Kintetsu on April 1, 1965.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 113 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Shimmei shrine
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kintetsu: Shima-Shimmei Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Mie Prefecture
Stations of Kintetsu Railway
Shima, Mie
In Greek mythology, Epistrophus (: Ancient Greek: Ἐπίστροφος) may refer to:
Epistrophus, son of Iphitus by Hippolyte or Thrasybule and brother of Schedius. He was counted among the suitors of Helen. Together with his brother he led the Phocians on the side of the Achaeans in the Trojan War, commanding forty ships. Epistrophus, was killed at the Trojan war by Hector. Both brothers' bones, were carried back and buried at Anticyra. Their purported tomb existed until the Roman times.
Epistrophus, an ally of the Trojans, leader of the Halizones.
Epistrophus, son of Euenus, grandson of Selepius and brother of Mynes; both brothers were killed by Achilles during the latter's invasion in Lyrnessus.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. ISBN 0-674-99135-4. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Gaius Julius Hyginus, Fabulae from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant. University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Homer, The Iliad with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, Ph.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1924. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Homer, Homeri Opera in five volumes. Oxford, Oxford University Press. 1920. . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Tzetzes, John, Allegories of the Iliad translated by Goldwyn, Adam J. and Kokkini, Dimitra. Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library, Harvard University Press, 2015.
Achaean Leaders
Characters in Greek mythology
Aski Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Askī Maḩalleh; also known as Ashkī Maḩalleh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 770, in 199 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Huang Mien-mien (; born c. 1907) was a Taiwanese politician.
Huang was born around 1907, in Yunlin County. He attended . A member of the Kuomintang, Huang was elected to the Legislative Yuan in 1972, 1975, and 1980, from the functional constituency representing business.
References
1900s births
Year of death missing
Politicians of the Republic of China on Taiwan from Yunlin County
Party List Members of the Legislative Yuan
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
20th-century Taiwanese businesspeople
Soundbombing is a hip hop compilation album by Rawkus Records, released on October 14, 1997. The album helped launch the careers of Mos Def and Reflection Eternal (Talib Kweli and Hi-Tek), who later became Rawkus's most popular artists. Soundbombing is regarded as a "scene-defining" underground hip hop album.
Background
After the critical success of Company Flow's Funcrusher Plus album, released a few months prior, Rawkus returned with a compilation that showcased their growing roster. Mixed by DJ Evil Dee of Da Beatminerz, the album is sequenced like a mixtape, staying true to the label's underground roots. The album is mainly composed of 12" singles previously released by the label in 1997. It is subtitled "The Ultimate Guide to Underground Hip-Hop Mixed by Evil Dee".
Critical reception
Soundbombing received mostly positive reviews from music critics. Charles Aaron of Spin noted that "you can hear the hints of a Native Tongues-like posse feeding off of one another's smarts and enthusiasm, unworried about recreating 1988's magic or being welcomed into rap's gated fantasyland." In his consumer guide for The Village Voice, Robert Christgau gave the album an A− rating and stated, "this singles-plus showcase is 'underground' hip hop's most convincing advertisement for itself", also praising the performances of Mos Def, Talib Kweli and R.A. the Rugged Man.
Writing for AllMusic, Nathan Rabin believed that the album "arrived at a crucial juncture for rap music, just as the deaths of 2Pac and Notorious B.I.G. forced hip-hop to re-examine its priorities, and the commercial dominance of Bad Boy necessitated a smart, socially conscious alternative to P. Diddy's blatantly commercial brand of karaoke hip-pop." Dana Scott of Ambrosia for Heads wrote that the album "was Hip-Hop seeking refuge to return to the culture's days of innocence. It worked, signaling a rebirth that spawned a new breed of MC legends—and a subsequent series that Heads could trust." In the 5th edition of his Encyclopedia of Popular Music, Colin Larkin hailed it as a "scene-defining" underground hip hop album.
Track listing
References
1997 compilation albums
Albums produced by DJ Spinna
Albums produced by El-P
Albums produced by Hi-Tek
Hip hop compilation albums
Rawkus Records compilation albums
Joe Dunthorne (born 1982) is a Welsh novelist, poet and journalist. He first made his name with his novel Submarine (2008), which was made into a film in 2010. His second novel, Wild Abandon (2011), won the RSL Encore Award. A selection of his poems was published in 2010 in the Faber New Poets series. His first solo collection of poems appeared in 2019.
Early life
Joseph Oliver Dunthorne was born in Swansea, Wales in 1982. He has two sisters, Anna and Leah. Dunthorne was educated at Olchfa School in Swansea before going on to study Creative Writing at the University of East Anglia. He received a BA and an MA in Creative Writing from UEA. In the final year of his BA course, he began writing his debut novel Submarine. During his MA at East Anglia, Submarine won the university's inaugural Curtis Brown Prize.
Career
Dunthorne's first novel Submarine, in which a teenager records with comedy and anguish his relationship with his girlfriend and his lop-sided view of the strains on his parents' marriage, was published by Penguin imprint Hamish Hamilton to critical acclaim in 2008. Shortly afterwards, the novel was made into a film, directed by Richard Ayoade and starring Craig Roberts, Yasmin Paige, Noah Taylor, Paddy Considine, and Sally Hawkins. The film premiered at the 35th Toronto International Film Festival, and was shown in London, Berlin and Swansea before going on general release in March 2011.
In 2010, a selection of Dunthorne's poetry was published as part of the Faber New Poets pamphlet series. Publication in the Faber New Poets series is open to poets who have yet to publish a first collection. The scheme also offers mentoring and financial support. In 2019, Dunthorne published his first collection of poetry, O Positive.
Dunthorne's second novel, Wild Abandon, was published by Penguin in 2011. An account of a brother and sister living in a rural commune, it went on to win the Royal Society of Literature's Encore Award for Best Second Novel.
Dunthorne currently lives in London, England.
Publications
Fiction
2008: Submarine, Hamish Hamilton
2011: Wild Abandon, Penguin
2018: The Adulterants, Hamish Hamilton
Poetry
2010: Faber New Poets 5, Faber and Faber
2019: O Positive, Faber and Faber
References
External links
Joe Dunthorne
1982 births
Living people
21st-century Welsh novelists
21st-century Welsh poets
21st-century British male writers
21st-century Welsh writers
Date of birth missing (living people)
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
British male novelists
British male poets
People educated at Olchfa School
People from Swansea
In mathematical optimization, total dual integrality is a sufficient condition for the integrality of a polyhedron. Thus, the optimization of a linear objective over the integral points of such a polyhedron can be done using techniques from linear programming.
A linear system , where and are rational, is called totally dual integral (TDI) if for any such that there is a feasible, bounded solution to the linear program
there is an integer optimal dual solution.
Edmonds and Giles showed that if a polyhedron is the solution set of a TDI system , where has all integer entries, then every vertex of is integer-valued. Thus, if a linear program as above is solved by the simplex algorithm, the optimal solution returned will be integer. Further, Giles and Pulleyblank showed that if is a polytope whose vertices are all integer valued, then is the solution set of some TDI system , where is integer valued.
Note that TDI is a weaker sufficient condition for integrality than total unimodularity.
References
Linear programming
Solo–Kertosono Toll Road (Soker Toll Road) is part of Trans-Java toll road in the island of Java, Indonesia. The toll road connects to Semarang–Solo Toll Road in the west, and in the east it connects to Kertosono–Mojokerto Toll Road. This toll road has a total length of 177.12 km comprise two segments, segment Solo–Ngawi and segment Ngawi–Kertosono. The road passes through eight regions: Boyolali Regency, Karanganyar Regency, Solo City, Sragen Regency in Central Java Province, and Ngawi, Madiun, Nganjuk and Jombang Regency in East Java Province. When commencing operation, Solo–Kertosono Toll Road, known as Soker Toll Road. The toll road is the longest toll road in Indonesia.
History
Administratively, Soker Toll Road with a total length of 177.12 km comprise two segments, segment Solo–Mantingan–Ngawi and segment Ngawi–Kertosono. The length of Solo–Mantingan–Ngawi toll road is 90.1 kilometer, while the length of Ngawi–Kertosono is 87.02 kilometer. Hence, in the beginning, Soker Toll Road was designed as two separate toll roads. However, during its tender process, no investors showed interest in bidding these two toll roads except one bidder, which is PT Thiess Contractors Indonesia. On June 28, 2011, Toll Road Concession Agreement (PPJT) amendment has been signed in Jakarta. With this concession agreement, segment Solo-Mantingan-Ngawi will be under PT Solo–Ngawi Jaya, while segment Ngawi-Kertosono will be under PT Ngawi–Kertosono Jaya. Both of these companies are subsidiaries of PT Thiess Contractors Indonesia. Since both of toll road concessions have been awarded to the same company, these two toll roads usually are referred as Solo–Kertosono Toll Road, or Soker Toll Road. Construction started in 2012 and the company aimed to finish the project in 2014, but the company was only able to acquire 80 percent of the needed land. The construction has been left idle due to financing and land clearing difficulties. Then State-run toll road operator Jasa Marga and state-owned construction company Waskita Karya taken over from Thiess Contractors in 2015, with about Rp 439 billion (US$34.15 million). Jasa Marga now owns 60 percent of the shares in the project, while Waskita Karya owns the remaining 40 percent.
Segments
Soker Toll Road with a total length of 177.12 km comprise two segments,
Solo–Ngawi
This 90 km length segment namely Phase I, the SS Ngawi-Klitik (Ngawi) segment as long as 4 km has been operating since March 30, 2018, Phase II Kartasura-Sragen was inaugurated on July 15, 2018, and Phase III Sragen-Ngawi was inaugurated on November 28. The Sragen- Ngawi Toll Road is equipped with eight toll gates, namely GT Colomadu, GT Adi Airport, GT Ngemplak, GT Gondangrejo, GT Karanganyar, GT Sragen, East Sragen GT, and GT Ngawi (Ngawi City).
Ngawi–Kertosono
This segment is 87.12 km in length with 2 sections. The 52-kilometer (km)-long section Ngawi-Wilangan was inaugurated in March 2018, which has four toll gates at Ngawi, Madiun, Mejayan, and Wilangan. The remaining part was inaugurated on 20 December 2018.
Exits
Solo-Ngawi
}}
Ngawi-Kertosono
References
Toll roads in Indonesia
Musical roads
Surakarta
Transport in Central Java
Transport in East Java
General elections were held in Bolivia on 12 October 2014, the second to take place under the country's 2009 constitution, and the first supervised by the Plurinational Electoral Organ, a newly created fourth branch of government. Incumbent President Evo Morales was re-elected for a third term.
Bolivian voters elected the President and Vice President of the Republic, 130 members of the Chamber of Deputies, and 36 members of the Senate, as well as the five first directly elected deputies to the Andean Parliament.
Background
In April 2013, the Supreme Court ruled that the first term of President Evo Morales did not count towards constitutional term limits as the constitution of Bolivia had since been amended. On 20 May, Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera signed a bill into law in the presence of MPs, members of the armed forces and Movement for Socialism representatives. He said: "President Evo Morales is constitutionally permitted to run for re-election in 2015." This was despite Morales not having made an announcement to run. Unnamed opposition leaders said they would appeal the ruling in trying to overturn it.
Election schedule
The Supreme Electoral Tribunal (TSE) said in November 2013 that it is considering holding the election in October 2014, so any second round of presidential voting could take place in December, the traditional month for presidential elections. The TSE formally convened the election for 12 October 2014. Registration for new voters opened on 10 May and ran through to 9 June. Formal inter-party alliances needed to be finalized by July 14 to appear on the ballot. Campaign advertising was permitted only from 12 September to 8 October. Bolivia observes limits on electoral activity in the days immediately preceding an election, and special restrictions on election day.
Electoral system
The president was elected using a modified form of the two-round system; a candidate would be elected in the first round if they received over 50% of the vote, or if they received over 40% of the vote and were at least 10 percentage points ahead of their nearest rival. If neither threshold were, a run-off was planned for 7 December.
Each of the nine departments had four Senators, whilst the 130 seats in the Chamber of Deputies is elected from 63 single-member districts (uninominal) and 60 from multi-member (plurinominal) districts. The number of seats in each department was apportioned according to their population, as determined by the 2012 national census.
Senators and deputies in the plurinominal seats were elected based on parties' vote share in the presidential contest. Deputies from the uninominal seats were elected by a separate vote. In cases of an exact tie in the uninominal seats, a run-off would have been held on 9 November. Indigenous or Campesino seats were chosen by the usos y costumbres of minority groups.
Each candidate was required to have an elected alternate from the same party. All candidate lists had to alternate between men and women; in the uninominal districts, the alternates were required to be from the opposite gender.
Parties and candidates
Five parties (including one party alliance) contested the presidential elections.
Movement for Socialism
Sitting President Evo Morales Ayma and Vice President Álvaro García Linera were seeking re-election, following victories in 2005 and 2009. Their candidacy was endorsed by the Movement for Socialism – Political Instrument for the Sovereignty of the Peoples (MAS-IPSP) at its 18th anniversary gathering in March 2013 and its Seventh General Congress in October 2013.
Without Fear Movement
The center-left Without Fear Movement (MSM) nominated party founder, and 2000–2010 Mayor of La Paz Juan del Granado as its candidate for president on November 11, 2013. Both the party and its candidate were allies with the first Evo Morales administration, and the MSM ran on a joint slate with the MAS-IPSP in the 2009 election, but the alliance ruptured shortly afterwards.
Democrat Unity Coalition
The largest opposition parties—the Democrats (MDS), National Unity Front (UN; convener of the Broad Front), and Without Fear Movement—held a variety of talks discussing possible alliances from late 2013 through June 2014. On June 17, the Democrats and National Unity announced the formation of the Democrat Unity Coalition (; CUD). CUD's candidates for president and vice president were UN leader Samuel Doria Medina and Ernesto Suárez, respectively. Suárez is the former governor of Beni and leader of the Beni First party, which collaborated in the formation of the MDS.
Democrat Social Movement
Rubén Costas, governor of Santa Cruz department, founded the Democrat Social Movement to contest the 2014 elections. The party fused Costas' Truth and Social Democracy (VERDES) party, Renewing Freedom and Democracy (Libertad y Democracia Renovadora; LIDER), and Popular Consensus, although the merger was not legally recognized. Costas was chosen as the party's presidential nominee at its National Congress on December 15, 2013. However, the party entered into an alliance with the National Unity Front, and supported the latter group's candidate Samuel Doria Medina.
Broad Front
National Unity Front, the party led by Samuel Doria Medina, named its alliance for 2014 the Broad Front (). Doria Medina, a presidential candidate in 2005 and 2009, was the presumed candidate for the Front for months. On December 23, 2013, the Broad Front and the Revolutionary Nationalist Movement (MNR) signed an agreement to present a common candidate, to be selected by an internal primary election. Leaders of both parties said they were seeking a coalition with the Democrats and the Without Fear Movement.
On April 19–20, 2014, the Broad Front held a poll of its members in the nine departmental capitals of Bolivia. Doria Medina received a majority of 69% among the 2,652 people polled, making him the party's official presidential candidate. Other candidates participating were: indigenous leader Rafael Quispe of CONAMAQ, political scientist Jimena Costa and MNR faction leader Erick Morón. While the party did not officially announce the vote totals received by other contenders, the newspaper La Razón reported that Costa received 14%, Quispe 10%, and Morón 6%.
Christian Democratic Party
Former president Jorge Fernando "Tuto" Quiroga Ramírez was the candidate of the Christian Democratic Party, which had recently been part of the PODEMOS opposition front. His running mate was Tomasa Yarhui, a lawyer and former Minister of Campesino Affairs.
Green Party
The Green Party, led by Margot Soria Saravia and affiliated with the Global Greens, sealed an alliance with the National Council of Ayllus and Markas of Qullasuyu (CONAMAQ) to campaign jointly for the 2014 elections. CONAMAQ leader Rafael Quispe had considered heading the ticket, but he publicly stated that his organization's goal is not to win the presidency but to gain independent representation in the Plurinational Assembly: "God willing I am wrong, but I don't think that we will arrive to power yet in 2014, as we have discussed [among ourselves]. We could put in assembly members and those assembly members will have to work for a Plurinational State and in [the] 2019 [elections] we would arrive in power to transform the Colonial State into a Plurinational State." The Confederation of Indigenous Peoples of Bolivia separately committed to contest the elections in alliance with CONAMAQ, and independently of the MAS and other major parties (Without Fear, National Unity, or Social Democrat).
On June 26, the Green Party finalized its candidates: Fernando Vargas, leader of the indigenous communities of the Isiboro Sécure National Park and Indigenous Territory for president, and Margot Soria Saravia for vice president.
Other alliances among parties
Official alliances between parties allow for joint candidates and ballot lines. These must be finalized by the July 14 deadline for candidacies. Aside from the Democrat Unity Coalition, other political forces engaged in alliance talks.
The largest opposition parties—the Democrats (MDS), National Unity Front (UN; convener of the Broad Front), and Without Fear Movement—held a variety of talks discussing possible alliances from late 2013 through June 2014. In the end, the Democrats and National Unity were able to reach an agreement, while the Without Fear Movement remained separate.
Seven smaller parties—Revolutionary Nationalist Movement, Nationalist Democratic Action, New Republican Force, Civic Solidarity Union, Front for Victory, Andean Amazonic Power, and Colla Power—reported progress towards a common alliance on June 18. The bloc would be called United for Bolivia (Unidos por Bolivia), and a congressional deputy involved in alliance talks promised it would be finalized on June 25. Several of these parties—Nationalist Democratic Action, New Republican Force, the faction of the Revolutionary Nationalist Movement led by Johnny Torres, as well the Revolutionary Left Movement (MIR), Bolivian Socialist Falange (FSB), and New Citizen Power (NPC)—threw their support behind the Christian Democrats and candidate Jorge Tuto Quiroga.
Eligible parties
As of November 2013, the Supreme Electoral Tribunal deemed twelve political parties eligible to participate in the election at a national level:
Nationalist Democratic Action (ADN)
Revolutionary Left Front (FRI)
Revolutionary Nationalist Movement (MNR),
Christian Democratic Party (Bolivia) (PDC)
Movement for Socialism (MAS)
Civic Solidarity Union (UCS)
Without Fear Movement (MSM),
National Unity Front (UN)
Plan Progress for Bolivia (PPB)
Front for Victory (FPV)
Green Party of Bolivia (PVB)
Popular Consensus (CP)
Eleven further applications were still being considered as of November 9, 2013.
Policy issues
Energy policy
The incumbent MAS-IPSP has proposed building a nuclear power plant, while the opposition Christian Democrats and Without Fear Movement oppose the development of nuclear energy. The Christian Democrats describe the move as dangerous and likely to generate international opposition, while the Without Fear Movement describes a power plant as a megaproject "that will leave nothing for the people."
Opinion polls
An unnamed poll in April 2013 suggested in an hypothetical race Morales would get 41% and Samuel Doria Medina would get 17% of the vote. A poll conducted by Página Siete in February 2014 showed Morales would get 45.7% of the vote, Medina would get 13.4%, Rubén Costas would get 9%, and Juan del Granado would get 4%. According to poll conducted by Ipsos in August 2014 Evo Morales would get 59% and Samuel Doria Medina would get 17% of the vote.
Results
References
Elections in Bolivia
Bolivia
Presidential
2014
G-Funk is a 2017 documentary film distributed by YouTube Premium. The film uses previously unreleased archival footage to describe the rise of G-Funk in the early 1990s. It features interviews with Warren G, Snoop Dogg, Chuck D, Ice Cube, Ice-T, Too Short, The D.O.C., Wiz Khalifa and others. The film was produced by Gary Ousdahl, Warren G, Rafael Chavez and Bob Ruggeri.
References
External links
2017 films
YouTube Premium films
American documentary films
Documentary films about music and musicians
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Antoine Wenger (born September 2, 1919 in Rohrwiller; died May 22, 2009 in Draguignan) was a French priest, Patristics scholar and journalist. After studies in Strasbourg and Paris he taught at the Institut Catholique (Catholic University) in Lyons. Ordained priest in 1943 as an Assumptionist, he pursued that order's interest in Byzantine studies and journalism.
After a work appropriately devoted to developments in the doctrine concerning the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, a discovery at Stavronikita monastery on Mount Athos enabled him to edit eight unpublished homilies of St. John Chrysostom in 1957. In the same year he was appointed editor of La Croix and helped to ensure that newspaper's profile as a prominent French daily. In this position he was assisted by a future editor of the journal, Noel Copin (d. 2007), who assisted him in his coverage of the Second Vatican Council. He also encouraged Jacques Duquesne in his coverage of the Algerian War of Independence. On retirement he pursued dialogue with the Orthodox Churches and published a work on KGB archives relative to the Catholic Church.
References
1919 births
2009 deaths
People from Bas-Rhin
20th-century French Roman Catholic priests
La Brillanne (; ) is a commune in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in southeastern France.
Population
Its inhabitants are referred to as Brillannais.
See also
Communes of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department
References
Communes of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
Alpes-de-Haute-Provence communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Quebrada Yeguas is a barrio in the municipality of Salinas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,528.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Palmas and Quebrada Yeguas barrios was 981.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Salinas, Puerto Rico
The Battle of Kirkuk (Persian: نبرد کرکوک), also known as the Battle of Agh-Darband (Persian:‌ نبرد آق‌دربند), was the last battle in Nader Shah's Mesopotamian campaign where he avenged his earlier defeat at the hands of the Ottoman general Topal Osman Pasha, in which Nader achieved suitable revenge after defeating and killing him at the battle of Kirkuk. The battle was another in the chain of seemingly unpredictable triumphs and tragedies for both sides as the war swung wildly from the favour of one side to the other. Although the battle ended in a crushing victory for the Persians, they had to be withdrawn from the area due to a growing rebellion in the south of Persia led by Mohammad Khan Baluch. This rebellion in effect robbed Nader of the strategic benefits of his great victory which would have included the capture of Baghdad, if he had the chance to resume his campaign.
Background
The defeat Nader had conceded at the Battle of Samara had effects beyond just the immediate results of reducing Nader's force by 30,000 and saving Baghdad from his clutches. The loss of so many experienced fighting men and precious equipment could not be easily overcome and the first task Nader faced was restoring the morale of his fighting men who had up to that point thought themselves invincible, and not without reason as they had been nothing but victorious in all encounters. Summoning his officers he began with admitting his own mistakes: "...[Nader] claimed his fate and those of him men as one and the same, reminding them of their past sacrifices and bravery, promised them that he would wipe away the memory of their recent defeat. Thus, he came to be admired by his officers and soldiers alike and while instilling a renewed fighting spirit in the souls of his warriors he ensured they would not show reluctance in the forthcoming conclusion with the Turks."
A rebellion broke out in southern Persia under the leadership of Mohammad Khan Baluch who gathered a substantial mass of malcontents around himself and was supplied with more men from the local Arab tribes in the region. Nader's solution was first to rectify the problem of Topal Pasha and only then crush Mohammad Khan's rebellion.
There were also political dimensions present as Nader was keen to rectify his reputation as news of his defeat at Samarra would spread in Persia making fertile soil for any growths of rebellion from within. It is unclear to what extent Nader craved an opportunity to repair his ego as well as his reputation by defeating Topal Pasha who was the only man (and would remain the only man) to have bested him on the field of battle. Nader set about rapidly rebuilding his army for another confrontation with the victorious Topal Pasha.
Topal Pasha was also eager to make good his losses having suffered the total loss of 20,000 men or 1 out of every 4 in his army. Sending requests to Istanbul he also demanded to be replaced with a younger general (Topal Pasha was approximately 70 years old at this time). By the time of the next Persian invasion of Iraq however he managed to put together an army 100,000 strong.
The battle
The opening phase
Nader's spies informed him of a 12,000 strong force approaching via the valley of Agh-Darband. Topal Pasha had dispatched this body of men under Memish Pasha as an advance guard with himself following up with the main army. Nader also sent out an advance guard under Haji Beg Khan in order to lure the Memish Pasha towards the main Persian army. After pursuing Haji Beg for a distance Memish Pasha marched right into the jaws of Nader's ambush with two sets of 15,000 men setting upon the Ottomans from two directions and routing them with ease. Memish Pasha, who had sent word to Topal Osman Pasha claiming to have routed the Persian and requesting further troops for the pursuit, now lay amongst the dead.
The rout of Memish Pasha's soldiers was followed up by a rapid advance by Nader with the bulk of his army against the main Ottoman force under Topal Pasha who was a mere 5 kilometres away. Topal Pasha sensing something was afoot ordered a halt and began to deploy his men. As the Persian army closed the distance Nader formed up his infantry body in a line and sent it forward to engage the janissaries. A violent enfilade commenced, in which the Ottoman and Persian soldiery raked fire upon each other for two hours.
The closing phase
The Persian Jazāyerchi, after two hours of continuous musketry directly charged into the janissaries ranks. With impeccable timing Nader now released two contingents of cavalry, each 15,000 strong with Haji Beg in command of the right and himself in command of the left contingent, he manoeuvred around the Ottoman line and caught it in a double-envelopment.
The Ottomans were now pressed by a vicious assault of sabre-armed Jazāyerchi from ahead as well as two bodies of cavalry slicing into their formations from either flank. As the Janissaries began to collapse and were chased from their positions the jazayerchi started to fire into their backs. The situation was so dire that Topal Pasha recognized his sad fate and mounted a horse to join his men in what would be his last battle. The old fox had been outwitted by the young Afshar who he had all too recently bested at Samara, but Topal Osman chose to die with his men rather than fall back and escape with his life. The old general was shot twice before he fell from his mount whence a Persian cavalryman severed his head from his body, taking the gory item to present to Nader.
The battle ended with some 20,000 Ottoman casualties in addition to the loss of all their artillery as well as most of their baggage. Sufficient vengeance for the terrible defeat Topal Pasha had inflicted on Nader at Samara. Nader in respect of Topal Osman Pasha's person ordered his head to be reunited with his body, for a while he stared despondently at the frail old corpse of the only man who had defeated him in battle, perhaps disconcerted by the fact that such a frail old man had battled him harder than any other of his younger adversaries. Along with full honours, Nader sent the body of Topal Osman Pasha to Baghdad where he was to be buried.
Aftermath
Nader had been hopeful of starting a new siege of Baghdad and began to put together the logistics of its capture as well as preparing for a campaign in the Caucasus. Startled by Topal Pasha's defeat and death, Ahmad Pasha began negotiations to hand over territory in exchange for peace though these were never ratified by Istanbul. Tabriz had already been evacuated by the Ottomans in the aftermath of the panic which the battle of Kirkuk caused, but repeated reports of Mohammad Khan's rebellion in the south of Iran could not be ignored any longer as the uprising started to turn into a more serious threat. This robbed Nader of all the potential strategic fruits of his victory as he was finally poised to take Baghdad, but had to gather his troops to march back into the interior of the Empire to put down Mohammad Khan's rebellion back in Persia.
In many ways however, the overall victor of the Mesopotamian campaign was Topal Osman who saved Baghdad due to his crushing victory in the battle of Samarra and although he was later defeated and killed at Kirkuk (Agh-Darband), Nader could not exploit his victory at that time due to Mohammad Khan Baluch's insurrection back in Persia. If Topal Osman Pasha had lost at Samarra then Baghdad would certainly have fallen into Persian hands and probably remained under Persian rule for at least decades to come.
See also
Military of the Afsharid dynasty of Persia
Battle of Samara
Ottoman–Persian War (1730–35)
Siege of Baghdad (1733)
References
Sources
Moghtader, Gholam-Hussein(2008). The Great Batlles of Nader Shah, Donyaye Ketab
Axworthy, Michael (2009). The Sword of Persia: Nader Shah, from tribal warrior to conquering tyrant, I. B. Tauris
Ghafouri, Ali(2008). History of Iran's wars: from the Medes to now, Etela'at Publishing
GÜNHAN BÖREKÇİ(2006). A_Contribution_to_the_Military_Revolution_Debate_The_Janissaries_Use_of_Volley_Fire__1593, Department of History, Ohio University
1733 in Iran
1733 in the Ottoman Empire
Kirkuk (1733)
Kirkuk (1733)
Kirkuk 1733
Early Modern history of Iraq
History of Kirkuk
Ottoman–Persian War (1730–1735)
Lynda Jane Voltz (born 1965) is an Australian politician and Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, representing Auburn since 2019. Voltz was previously a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 2007 to 2019. As of April 2016, Voltz is also the Shadow Minister for Sport and Veterans' Affairs.
Voltz was born in Hornsby on Sydney's North Shore, and attended Birrong Girls High School.
Voltz joined the Australian Army Reserve in 1984, and in 1987 she became one of the first women to the join the regular Australian Army as one of the second group of women to train alongside men at Army Recruit Training Centre at Kapooka. She joined the Royal Australian Corps of Military Police, as it was one of the few field force units women were allowed to join.
After leaving the army, she worked as a political staffer for state MP Sandra Nori, federal member for Sydney Peter Baldwin, and then as an electoral officer for Senator John Faulkner. At the 1995 New South Wales state election, she contested the district of North Shore but was defeated by the Liberal candidate, Jillian Skinner.
She has two daughters, Katerina and Anastasia.
References
External links
Lynda Voltz - New South Wales Labour
1965 births
Living people
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Politicians from Sydney
Australian Army soldiers
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Labor Left politicians
21st-century Australian politicians
21st-century Australian women politicians
Women members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Women members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
The Great Belt Bridge rail accident occurred on 2 January 2019 on the Great Belt Fixed Link in Denmark when a passenger train collided with a semi-trailer from or on a passing freight train. The Great Belt Fixed Link is an long bridge–tunnel connection between the Danish islands of Zealand and Funen, and the accident happened on the West Bridge, near Funen. The accident happened during a storm, which had closed down the bridge for road traffic, but not for rail traffic. Eight passengers were killed, all Danish citizens, and 16 were injured, making it the deadliest rail accident in Denmark since 1988.
An early investigation found that in some cases, wagons similar to the one involved in the accident failed to lock the semi-trailers in place. A full investigation was published several months later and it confirmed the earlier results. The Danish Transport Authority temporarily banned this kind of wagon until extra locking procedures were put in place, and have tightened the rules for freight on the bridge during windy weather. Shortly after, temporary measures to avoid similar accidents were introduced throughout Europe and permanent measures will be introduced in early 2020.
In January 2021 the use of pocket wagons was again suspended in Denmark, following an incident on the same bridge when a semi-trailer had shifted position, and had protruded beyond the side of its freight wagon.
Accident
Due to Storm Alfrida, which hit Denmark on 1 January 2019, the Danish Road Directorate closed the Great Belt Bridge for all road traffic on the night between 1 and 2 January. It was expected to reopen at 11:00 on 2 January. Rail traffic was not restricted. Both road and rail traffic travel by the West Bridge, a low box girder bridge, but the more wind-exposed East Bridge, a suspension bridge, is only for road traffic, as trains here travel by tunnel.
At 07:11, InterCity express ICL 210 departed from Odense headed for Copenhagen. Operated by DSB, it was carrying 131 passengers and a crew of three when it arrived at the western end of the bridge. Meanwhile, a freight train operated by DB Cargo with a crew of one, loaded with semi-trailers carrying crates of empty bottles belonging to Carlsberg, was heading in the opposite direction towards the Carlsberg brewery at Fredericia, to the north west of the crash site.
Shortly before 07:35, on the West Bridge of the Great Belt Fixed Link, between the islands of Sprogø and Funen, the passenger train collided with an object initially believed to be a tarpaulin from the freight train, but later that same day identified by Accident Investigation Board Denmark to be an empty semi-trailer from the freight train. The train driver has since said that he noticed sparks lower than usual (i.e. not from the overhead catenary) and that "something big" was hanging from the approaching freight train.
The storm and the location of the accident complicated the emergency operation. Initially, six casualties were confirmed while the trains were still on the bridge, but after they had been moved to a secluded area, two more bodies were found in the passenger train. Both in relation to the accident and the ongoing storm, the government crisis management organization, the National Operative Staff (NOST) decided to convene.
Eight passengers were killed, five women and three men, and 16 were injured in the accident. None of the wounded had life-threatening injuries: 14 had minor injuries, and 2 had moderate injuries. On 4 January, all victims had been identified as Danish citizens, between 27 and 60 years old.
The bridge reopened for road traffic at approximately 12:20 on 2 January. Later that afternoon, the westbound carriageway was briefly closed due to queueing by curious drivers. Rail traffic was restarted at 10:40 on 3 January, when one track opened, and all traffic was normal by the evening.
Investigation
The investigation was handled by the Accident Investigation Board Denmark. On 2 January, shortly after the accident, investigator Bo Haaning said the accident was caused by a collision between the passenger train and an empty semi-truck from the freight train. However, he stated that details surrounding this were still uncertain: "It [the trailer] either hit the train, or the train drove into it". The full investigation could take up to a year.
Initial media speculation focused on the weather conditions. At the time of the accident, the wind gusts were measured to be up to , a gale, with average wind speeds lower. The wind was coming from the north, perpendicular to the bridge. If the average wind speeds, as measured over 10 minutes, had exceeded 21 m/s, the speed limit for freight trains would be decreased from , and by , all traffic would have to be cancelled. Since no limits were exceeded, no restrictions were imposed. Both Banedanmark, operators of the Danish railways, and Sund & Bælt, operators of the bridge, said that all procedures had been followed. According to Jacob Mann, professor in wind energy at DTU, the wind can not be the only cause of the accident.
The media also focused on whether the semi-trailer was properly secured to the rail wagon. On this type of wagon, a pocket wagon, the front of a semi-trailer is fixed only with its kingpin. The back of the semi-trailer is kept in place as the wheels are lowered into a "pocket". Following the accident, operator DB Cargo temporarily suspended all freight trains carrying bottle crates. The accident resembled an incident in Hamburg, Germany, where a semi-truck that was not properly secured had been dislodged and collided with a bridge pier. The European Union Agency for Railways is supposed to forward information relating to serious incidents, but Danish authorities had not been informed about the German accident prior to the Danish accident.
On 5 January, the Danish Transport Authority issued a warning about pocket wagons used to transport semi-trailers, on the recommendation of the Accident Investigation Board Denmark, stating that the locking mechanism securing the trailer could pose a safety risk. It also requested the Joint Network Secretariat (JNS) to open a formal procedure. On 7 January, a test at DB Cargo showed that, after a semi-trailer had been loaded and secured, it could still be lifted off the wagon. The freight train had been checked prior to departure, and seemed to have been properly secured. The following day, the national transport authority temporarily prohibited the use of pocket wagons to transport semi-trailers until extra locking procedures were put in place, and tightened the rules for freight trains crossing the Great Belt, with respect to wind conditions. Shortly after, temporary measures to avoid similar accidents were introduced throughout the continent by the European Union Agency for Railways.
Final report
On 18 December 2019, the investigation board published its final report on the accident. It concluded that its cause was that the semi-trailer was not locked in place, and that improper maintenance was the reason for it not working. The locking mechanism needs regular lubrication, but the official guidelines were incomplete, resulting in insufficient lubrication of some of its parts. At the same time, there was uncertainty about who was responsible for this part of the maintenance (whether it was DB that leased and operated the freight train wagon, or VTG Rail that owned it). If the locking mechanism had been properly functioning, the wind would not have been able to loosen the semi-truck from the freight train. As a result of the investigation, new guidelines on the maintenance of such locking mechanisms were expected to be implemented throughout Europe in early 2020.
Evidence tampering
Shortly after the accident, a union representative at DB cargo crossed out the name of a colleague who checked the loaded freight train before departure. According to him, he did it because that was not the person who performed the check. The employee was suspended on 11 January, and dismissed in May. He was later given a 20 day suspended sentence for evidence tampering; a judgment was upheld in an appeal.
See also
List of rail accidents (2010–present)
Rail transport in Denmark
References
2019 in Denmark
January 2019 events in Europe
Railway accidents in 2019
2019 disasters in Europe
Train collisions in Denmark
Transport in Funen
Scattered Trees was an American indie rock band from Chicago, Illinois. The band was on the Roll Call/EMI label before their breakup in 2012.
Career
Scattered Trees began as a solo project for frontman Nate Eiesland, who moved from Brainerd, MN to Chicago in 2003 and began writing one song a month, each titled for the month it was written in.
Upon moving to Chicago, Nate and his now-wife Alissa met brothers Jason and Baron Harper as well as Ryne Estwing and Justin Eisenbraun whilst performing in the same Chicago suburb venues. The band released their debut album, Song For My Grandfather, in 2006. In 2007, they released their Heart of Glass EP through 4AM Records.
The band separated between 2007 and 2009, reforming after Eiesland's father's death, and he began writing songs again.
Breakup
On August 19, 2012, it was announced that the Harper brothers were leaving the band. With scheduled studio recordings in the near future, the remaining members agreed to form a new band entitled ON AN ON. The final concerts were performed as Scattered Trees, though without Jason and Baron Harper.
Discography
Song For My Grandfather (2006)
Heart of Glass (4AM Records, 2007)
Sympathy (Roll Call Records/EMI, 2011)
References
External links
Scattered Trees Website
Indie rock musical groups from Illinois
Musical groups from Chicago
The Saint Mary's Gaels men's basketball team represents Saint Mary's College in Moraga, California, competing in the West Coast Conference of the NCAA. The team plays home games in the University Credit Union Pavilion, capacity 3,500; it is one of the smaller gyms in the WCC. The current head coach is Randy Bennett, who is the school's all-time wins leader. The Gaels have appeared in eleven NCAA Tournaments—1959, 1989, 1997, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2013, 2017, 2019, and 2022.
On March 1, 2013, they were placed on probation by the NCAA for four years due to rules violations.
Their two historic rivals are the San Francisco Dons and the Santa Clara Broncos, two other Catholic schools in the San Francisco Bay Area that are in the WCC. More recently, the Saint Mary's Gaels have developed a rivalry with the Gonzaga University Bulldogs of Spokane, Washington.
Venues
Saint Mary's basketball and volleyball teams play their home games at the University Credit Union Pavilion, which has a capacity of 3,500. It was originally named after George R. McKeon, a former member of the college's Board of Regents. Constructed in 1978, it underwent renovations in the summer of 2006, with new features including painted bleachers, new chair backseats behind the reserved section, a remodeled VIP section, and a banner with "GaelForce" on it behind the student section. In 2019, the venue was renamed to University Credit Union Pavilion.
History
Recent success
Under coach Randy Bennett, the men's basketball team has become recognized nationally as one of the top non-Power 5 programs in the United States. He inherited a 2–27 team when he arrived in 2001, and began recruiting an Australian named Adam Caporn. Since then, Bennett has built a reputation of recruiting Australian players; the Gaels have had at least one Australian player in every season since Bennett's arrival. With Caporn in the line-up, and his best friend and fellow Australian Daniel Kickert joining him the following year, Saint Mary's record improved to 9–20 in 2001–02, 15–15 in 2002–03, and 19–12 in 2003–04. In 2004–05, the team earned an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament, although they lost in the first round. Their 15–1 record in McKeon Pavilion was its best ever.
After rebuilding seasons in 2005–06 and 2006–07, the team enjoyed one of their best seasons in school history in 2007–08, behind the play of Australian freshman Patty Mills. The team was ranked in the AP and USA Today top 25 lists for five and six weeks, respectively. They ended up receiving an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament in 2008 as well, but again lost in the first round. In 2008, the team got off to a strong start, going 14–2 before Mills broke his hand and missed a month. Mills came back in time for the West Coast Conference Tournament, but after a loss to Gonzaga in the WCC tournament finals, the team was not selected for the NCAA tournament and played in the NIT. After the end of the year, Mills declared for the NBA draft and was a second-round selection.
In March 2010, the Gaels received an automatic bid to the 2010 NCAA tournament, after winning the championship game of the WCC Tournament. Having beaten Gonzaga in the tournament final, it was the Gaels' second WCC tournament victory since it began in 1987. In 2010, they won their first NCAA Tournament game since 1959, defeating the Richmond Spiders. On March 20, 2010, the Gaels, led by Omar Samhan, defeated second seeded Villanova to advance to the Sweet Sixteen, for their first time in the 64 team era. They then lost to 3 seed Baylor 72–49 to end their season 28–6 and with its worst loss of the year.
Following the loss of Samhan to graduation, many expected the Gaels next season to be a rebuilding year. Led by point guard Mickey McConnell, however, Saint Mary's compiled a 25–9 record, 11–3 in the WCC, including the Gaels' first win against Gonzaga in Spokane since 1995. But after absorbing a late-season loss to last-place San Diego and dropping an ESPN BracketBuster game at home against Utah State, Saint Mary's failed to make the NCAA tournament. They would be upset in the first round of the NIT by Kent State. After McConnell graduated, Australian point guard Matthew Dellavedova became the team's new star alongside San Diego transfer and San Francisco native Rob Jones. The Gaels compiled a 27–6 record and went 14–2 in the WCC in 2011–12, including a win in Moraga over Gonzaga and a sweep of new conference member BYU. Saint Mary's spent most of the season ranked in the AP and Coaches' polls and won the outright WCC regular season title, the first time since 2000 that Gonzaga had not claimed part of the title. The Gaels then defeated Gonzaga in overtime in the WCC tournament, marking the first time in school history Saint Mary's won both the regular season and tournament titles. Saint Mary's lost to Purdue in the first round of the NCAA tournament.
Saint Mary's Australian pipeline, historically focused on the Australian Institute of Sport (from where Caporn and Mills were recruited), continues to the present. The 2011–12 team featured four AIS graduates, including 2012 WCC Player of the Year Dellavedova, and another Australian, Jorden Page. The 2015–16 team had four AIS graduates, boasting a total of six Australians, and the 2016–17 roster had a program record of seven Australians. In the latter season, the Gaels went so far as to hold an official celebration of Australia Day for their home game against San Francisco, which fell on the holiday's date of January 26. Before the game, Australia's national anthem was played alongside the US anthem, and the school honored officials from Australia's San Francisco consulate.
Postseason
NCAA tournament results
The Gaels have made eleven NCAA tournament appearances. They have an overall 6–11 record in tournament games.
NIT results
The Gaels have appeared in six National Invitation Tournaments. Their combined record is 7–7.
Retired numbers
Saint Mary's has retired three jersey numbers.
References
External links
Stilbon may refer to:
Stilbon (mythology), originally meaning "the gleaming" (Στίλβων), it was the ancient Greek name for the planet Mercury
Bindahara, alternatively Stilbon, a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae
Ole David Jensen (born 16 July 1943) is a Danish racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1943 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Danish male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Denmark
Place of birth missing (living people)
Jimmy Engoulvent (born 7 December 1979) is a French former road racing cyclist, who competed professionally between 2001 and 2015 for the , , and teams. Since retiring, Engoulvent has worked as a directeur sportif for the team, before moving to for the 2018 season.
Career
Born in Le Mans, Engoulvent was a prologue time trial specialist, having won many prologues throughout his professional career, he also specialised in small field sprints. He was the lanterne rouge of the 2012 Tour de France, as he finished last of the 153 riders to complete the Tour.
Engoulvent joined for the 2014 season, after his previous team – – folded at the end of the 2013 season.
Major results
2001
8th Overall Le Triptyque des Monts et Châteaux
2002
2nd Grand Prix de la Ville de Lillers
2003
1st Stage 2b Tour de la Somme
6th Grand Prix de Denain
7th Grand Prix Rudy Dhaenens
2004
3rd Overall Tour du Poitou-Charentes
3rd Tartu GP
8th Overall Volta ao Algarve
8th Grand Prix d'Ouverture La Marseillaise
9th Le Samyn
2005
3rd Cholet-Pays de Loire
10th Eindhoven Team Time Trial
2006
Tour Méditerranéen
1st Mountains classification
1st Stage 3 (TTT)
3rd Overall Tour de Picardie
2007
1st Prologue La Tropicale Amissa Bongo Ondimbo
1st Prologue Tour de Luxembourg
8th Eindhoven Team Time Trial
9th Grand Prix de Denain
2008
3rd Grand Prix de Denain
5th Overall Delta Tour Zeeland
8th Overall Tour Ivoirien de la Paix
1st Stage 4
2009
1st Stage 2 Four Days of Dunkirk
1st Stage 4 Tour Alsace
1st Stage 3 Circuito Montañés
1st Stage 4 Tour de Gironde
4th Overall Tour de Bretagne
1st Stage 5
6th Overall Circuit de la Sarthe
1st Stage 3 (ITT)
8th Overall Tour de Picardie
9th Overall Les 3 Jours de Vaucluse
1st Stage 2
2010
1st Overall Tour du Poitou-Charentes
1st Stage 3
1st Prologue Tour de Luxembourg
1st Prologue Boucles de la Mayenne
1st Prologue Volta a Portugal
8th Val d'Ille Classic
10th Tro-Bro Léon
2011
1st Prologue Vuelta a Andalucía
7th Overall Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen
10th Binche–Tournai–Binche
2012
1st Overall Four Days of Dunkirk
1st Stage 3
1st Prologue Tour de Luxembourg
3rd Flèche d'Emeraude
2013
1st Prologue Tour de Luxembourg
2014
1st Stage 5 Four Days of Dunkirk
1st Prologue Boucles de la Mayenne
6th Cholet-Pays de Loire
2015
4th Tro-Bro Léon
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
Profile at Crédit Agricole official website
Palmares on CyclingBase (French)
1979 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Le Mans
Cyclists from Pays de la Loire
Directeur sportifs
Hinterrhein () is a village and a former municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. The village is located near the start of the river Hinterrhein/Rein Posteriur, one of the two initial tributaries of the Rhine. On 1 January 2019 the former municipalities of Hinterrhein, Nufenen and Splügen merged to form the new municipality of Rheinwald.
History
Hinterrhein is first mentioned in 1219 as de Reno.
Geography
Hinterrhein has an area, , of . Of this area, 22.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while 7.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (68.5%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Rheinwald sub-district, of the Hinterrhine district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It is a haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) located on the northern portal of the San Bernardino tunnel.
Demographics
Hinterrhein has a population (as of ) of . , 6.4% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has stayed stable.
, the gender distribution of the population was 57.7% male and 42.3% female. The age distribution, , in Hinterrhein is; 9 people or 8.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 2 people or 1.9% are 10 to 14, and 6 people or 5.7% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 14 people or 13.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 19 people or 18.1% are 30 to 39, 19 people or 18.1% are 40 to 49, and 11 people or 10.5% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 14 people or 13.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 9 people or 8.6% are 70 to 79, there are 2 people or 1.9% who are 80 to 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 76.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (12.3%), the SPS (6.5%) and the CVP (4.5%).
In Hinterrhein about 44.8% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Hinterrhein has an unemployment rate of 0.36%. , there were 28 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 12 businesses involved in this sector. 2 people are employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. 11 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 4 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (75.2%), with Italian being second most common (14.3%) and Portuguese being third ( 5.7%).
Heritage sites of national significance
The Alte Landbrücke (Old Bridge) is listed as a Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
Climate
Between 1961 and 1990 Hinterrhein had an average of 121.4 days of rain per year and on average received of precipitation. The wettest month was May during which time Hinterrhein received an average of of precipitation. During this month there was precipitation for an average of 14.2 days. The driest month of the year was February with an average of of precipitation over 14.2 days.
References
External links
Rheinwald
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Anikó Góg (born 10 February 1980 in Orosháza, Békés) is an athlete from Hungary. She competes in triathlon. Góg competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She took thirty-ninth place with a total time of 2:14:50.55.
References
sports-reference
1980 births
Living people
Hungarian female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Hungary
People from Orosháza
Sportspeople from Békés County
Sahamalaza National Park is in the northwestern part of Madagascar in Sofia region, with 26035 hectares.
Geography
It is situated near Ambanja in the Ambanja District (Diana Region) and Analalava (Sofia region).
Species
Blue-eyed black lemur, Northern giant mouse lemur, Sahamalaza sportive lemur, Boophis ankarafensis.
See also
List of national parks of Madagascar
Fauna of Madagascar
external Links
www.ecologie.gov.mg
References
Protected areas established in 2007
National parks of Madagascar
Diana Region
Sofia Region
2007 establishments in Madagascar
Ramsar sites in Madagascar
Madagascar dry deciduous forests
Portrait of the poet Ilarie Voronca is a cubist painting by Victor Brauner, from 1925.
Description
The painting is an oil on canvas with dimensions of 109 x 70 centimeters. It is in the collection of the Visual Art Museum, in Galați.
Analysis
It is a cubist portrait of the Romanian poet Ilarie Voronca. They collaborated on "picto-poèsie." He also had his portrait painted by Robert Delaunay, and Marc Chagall.
References
External links
1925 paintings
Romanian paintings
Phaenacropista compsa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on Sumatra in Indonesia.
References
Moths described in 1983
Archipini
Micranthaxia rediviva is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Micranthaxia.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Bruno Otto Fleischer (2 May 1874 – 26 March 1965) was a German ophthalmologist.
Kayser-Fleischer rings and Fleischer rings are named for him.
References
Further reading
German ophthalmologists
1965 deaths
1874 births
Eye color
Atutur General Hospital, also Atutur Hospital, is a government-owned hospital in the Eastern Region of Uganda.
Location
The hospital is located on the Tororo-Mbale-Soroti Road, in the community of Atutur, in Kumi District, in the Teso sub-region, in the Eastern Region of Uganda. Its location is about southeast of Soroti Regional Referral Hospital. This is approximately northwest of Mbale Regional Referral Hospital.
Atutur General Hospital lies about southeast of the central business district of the town of Kumi, where the district headquarters are located. The coordinates of Atutur General Hospital are: 01°24'34.0"N, 33°59'27.0"E (Latitude:1.409437; Longitude:33.990830).
Overview
Atutur General Hospital was built in 1969 to serve the districts of Kumi, Bukedea, Ngora and Pallisa. The hospital infrastructure has deteriorated and the hospital equipment has become obsolete. The hospital is severely understaffed and underfunded.
Renovation
In 2013, the government of Uganda secured a loan from the World Bank, to construct, renovate and equip selected government-owned hospitals, including Aturtur General Hospital.
See also
List of hospitals in Uganda
References
External links
Website of Uganda Ministry of Health
Hospitals in Uganda
Kumi District
Teso sub-region
Eastern Region, Uganda
1969 establishments in Uganda
Hospital buildings completed in 1969
Howard Love (born June 9, 1960) is an American executive, author and entrepreneur. Love is the former CEO of LoveToKnow Media, a digital publishing group.
Early life
Love was born in Detroit in 1960. He is the grandson of WWI flying ace George Augustus Vaughn Jr. and prominent US industrialist George H. Love. His father, Howard M. "Pete" Love, was the CEO and chairman of National Steel and served on the boards of TWA and Monsanto. He attended Phillips Exeter Academy (1974–1978) and Colgate University (1978–1983).
Career
Love is an active angel investor who has been an entrepreneur since the 1980s, and has founded or co-founded over 15 companies.
His first business book, The Start-Up J Curve (Greenleaf Book Group) was published in 2016.
Personal life
Love currently resides in the United States.
References
External links
HowardLove.com
1960 births
Living people
American business writers
American chief executives
American investors
Angel investors
Businesspeople from Detroit
Colgate University alumni
Phillips Exeter Academy alumni
Tarucus legrasi, the Le Gras' Pierrot, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Senegal, Burkina Faso, northern Ivory Coast, Nigeria (north of Kano), Niger (Aïr), northern Cameroon, Chad, Sudan, northern Uganda, north-western Kenya and Somalia. The habitat consists of arid (Sahelian) savanna
The larvae feed on Ziziphus species.
References
Butterflies described in 1948
Tarucus
Alexander Makinsky () (October 13, 1900 – April 24, 1988) was an American businessman and noble born in Maku, Iran. He was a General Representative for Rockefeller Foundation in France, then assistant vice president of the Foundation in Paris and New York. He also served as vice-president of the export of The Coca-Cola Company.
Early life
He was born on 13 October 1900 to Makinsky family of Bayat extraction hailing from Maku. His father Pasha Khan Makinsky (1862–1934) was great-grandson of Hoseyn Khan Bayat. His mother Stefania Antonovna Lubielska (1878–1964) was an ethnic Polish and second wife of Pasha Khan. He was also known as Shura among his family. He was born at the time when his father Pasha was visiting his cousins in Maku. His family later moved to Baku where he was raised by a British nanny, from whom he learnt the language. He studied at Imperial School of Jurisprudence in Saint Petersburg, at the time most prestigious place for boys to study. However he had to leave Russia following October Revolution in 1917 together with his younger brother Karim (Cyril). Family first lived in Warsaw, then moved on to Paris.
In Paris, he quickly become involved with European and White émigré society, often attending their banquets. In one of such meetings, he met Catherine Melikoff, a noblewoman from Melikishvili family and daughter of David Melikishvili and granddaughter of Dmitry Staroselsky, Governor of Baku. Marriage took place on 14 November 1925. He also became acquainted with famous faces of European literature like Antoine de Saint-Exupery and James Joyce throughout his life in Paris.
Professional life
He was involved in American Red Cross in Warsaw before becoming chief secretary of the Medical Sciences Division of Rockefeller Foundation in France in 1924. He quickly rose to be a representative of the foundation, he was recalled to Washington after Nazi Invasion of France in 1941 and became assistant to vice president of Rockefeller Foundation. He was noted as an influential person, securing escape of several scholars from Nazi regime, including Otto Fritz Meyerhof, Jean Wahl, Ernst Honigman and others thanks to his links to intelligence organizations. He further went on to secure permanent placements for the scholars he rescued, meeting Louis Wirth and Everett Hughes as well. He travelled post-war Europe, interviewing scholars to learn how Rockefeller Foundation can get involved in social sciences, making a comprehensive report on his work, forming American approach to European economy.
He was offered work by Robert W. Woodruff and hired by The Coca-Cola Company in 1946 as chief lobbyist in Europe. He particularly met resistance mostly from winemakers and Communists in France while trying to introduce Cola to market. French protests over its contents, including cocaine, phosphoric acid and caffeine became a national topic and a test for Cola's adventure in European market. However, this only made Makinsky much more ambitious, set himself the goal of selling forty bottles of Coke to every French person in 1952. His wife became anxious and afraid that their house might be bombed by communists, to which Makinsky answered "the best barometer of the relationship between the United States and any country" was "the way Coca-Cola is treated". Makinsky was also active in lobbying for Coca-Cola factory establishment in Egypt, Israel, Denmark, Portugal, Bulgaria and eventually USSR.
Having befriended President Eisenhower in 1954, Makinsky often reported to his assistant Charles Douglas Jackson and consulted government on post-Nazi Europe policy. Thanks to these links managed to get in the party accompanying Richard Nixon and Milton S. Eisenhower on their trip to open American National Exhibition in Moscow in 1959. After this, Makinsky made frequent visits to USSR, however he was accused by Pravda of being CIA spy in 1968 after his last visit. He was claimed to be a spy working for Poland and later Britain before World War II. Apart his lobbying and promoting work, he was also professor of social sciences at Sorbonne University. He was awarded Legion of Honour on 25 July 1957.
Death
He died on 24 April 1988 and was buried in Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery, Paris. He was survived by his wife Catherine who died two years later and his brother Cyril Makinsky (1910–1991) who died three years later.
References
1900 births
1988 deaths
Maku Khanate
American drink industry businesspeople
Coca-Cola people
People from Maku, Iran
20th-century American businesspeople
Burials at Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery
White Russian emigrants to France
Rockefeller Foundation
Iranian people of Polish descent
Iranian emigrants to the Russian Empire
Iranian nobility
Fluf (stylized as fluf) is a punk rock band formed in San Diego in 1992.
History
O (Otis Barthoulameu - vocals, guitar) and Jonny Donhowe (bass guitar) formed the band after their previous band, Olivelawn, split up, recruiting drummer Miles Gillett. After several seven-inch singles (including a cover version of PJ Harvey's "Sheela Na Gig"), the band's debut album was released in 1993. Generally known as Mangravy, each physical format had a different title. A second album followed in 1994 (Home Improvements, also released on vinyl as Whitey on the Moon and on cassette as Stocking the Lake With Brown Trout), and in 1996 Donhowe left, to be replaced by Josh Higgins. This line-up recorded their major label (MCA) debut Waikiki (1997) and Road Rage (1998), with a final album-length EP, I Know I'm Nobody released in 2000.
Discography
Albums
Mangravy (LP) aka Compact Disc is Weak (CD)/Shooting Putty at the Moon (cassette)/Wasting Seed (10" LP) (1993), Headhunter
Home Improvements (CD) aka Whitey on the Moon (LP)/Stocking the Lake With Brown Trout (cassette) (1994), Headhunter
Waikiki (1997), Headhunter/MCA
Road Rage (1998), Honest Don's
Compilations
The Classic Years (1995), Headhunter
Super Mixer; A Goldenrod Compilation (1996), Goldenrod
EPs
Wasting Seed (1992), Headhunter Records hed 020
Moody As The Day Is Young! (1994), Goldenrod
I Know I'm Nobody (2000), Cold Steel Facts
Singles
Garbage Truck (1992), Sympathy for the Record Industry
"Sheela Na Gig" / "Song In D" (1993), Goldenrod
Split single with Further "Lobster Tree" / "She Lives by the Castle 2" (1993) First Strike Records
"24-7 Years" (1994), Silver Girl
"Skyrocket" (1994), Headhunter
"Tried" / "Clueless" (1994) Headhunter HED032
Split single with J Church (1996), Goldenrod: "Assmunch"
References
Punk rock groups from California
Musical groups from San Diego
The Pana Coal Miners were a minor league baseball team based in Pana, Illinois. In 1907 and 1908, the Coal Miners played as members of the Eastern Illinois League in both seasons. Pana hosted minor league home games at Kitchell Park.
History
Minor league baseball began in Pana, Illinois when the 1907 Pana Coal Miners became charter members of the Eastern Illinois League, which began play as a six–team Class D level league under league president L. A. G. Shoaff. The 1908 Spalding Guide indicated the league was founded in Pana, Illinois and the league's "godfather" was Joe Adams, also known as "Old Wagon Tongue," who would manage the Pana Team.
In 1907, Pana and the other league teams had a salary limit of $600. The Centralia White Stockings, Charleston Broom Corn Cutters, Mattoon Giants, Shelbyville Queen Citys and Taylorville Tailors joined Pana as the charter members of the league.
The use of the "Coal Miners" moniker was in reference to local industry, as coal mining was prevalent in the Pana, Illinois area during the era. The Pana riot, a mine worker conflict, had occurred in Pana on April 10, 1899, resulting in seven deaths.
In August 1907, in a series between the Coal Miners and the Mattoon Giants, it was reported in The Sporting Life that Mattoon second baseman Fred Wilson repeatedly punched Pana manager Joe Adams during a dispute. “Wilson put Adams down with a straight jab on the jaw. The manager came up, but another blow in the same place fractured his chewing apparatus,” said the report.
After beginning league play on May 12, 1907, the Pana Coal Miners finished the 1907 Eastern Illinois League season in 5th place in the six–team league. The Coal Miners finished with a 51–70 record, playing under Joe Adams. Pana finished 24.5 games behind the 1st place Mattoon Giants in the final Eastern Illinois League standings.
It was reported by the Associated Press that the Eastern Illinois League teams in Charleston, Mattoon, Pana and Paris were supported, “In great part from saloon interests.”
Pana continued play in the 1908 Eastern Illinois League, but relocated during the season. An evangelical movement led by former major league player Billy Sunday promoted a ballot item on April 7, 1908 that sought to abolish alcohol in the region. After the election, six of the Eastern Illinois League's eight franchise cities voted to become dry and the league began to suffer financially as Sunday games and support from saloons was eliminated.
On May 27, 1908, Neil Connaughton of Pana pitched a no-hitter in a 2–1 victory over the Paris Parisians.
The 1908 Pana Coal Miners relocated in what was the final season of play for Pana. On July 17, 1908, the Pana franchise relocated to Linton, Indiana. The Coal Miners had an 18–44 record at the time of the move. After compiling a 7–26 record while based in Linton, the Pana/Linton team finished the season with an overall record of 25–70 under managers A.S. Hawker, Nig Landon and Al Holycross, placing last of the six remaining league teams. After the 1908 season, the Eastern Illinois League permanently folded.
Pana, Illinois has not hosted another minor league team.
Ballpark
The Pana Coal Miners played home minor league games at Kitchell Park. Kitchell Park is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Still in use today as a public park with baseball fields, Kitchell Park is located at Ninth Street and Kitchell Street, Pana, Illinois.
Timeline
Year-by-year records
Notable alumni
Joe Adams (1907, MGR)
See also
Pana Coal Miners players
References
External references
Baseball Reference
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Defunct baseball teams in Illinois
Baseball teams established in 1907
Baseball teams disestablished in 1908
Eastern Illinois League teams
Christian County, Illinois
Tuczapy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
A mass (air) flow sensor (MAF) is a sensor used to determine the mass flow rate of air entering a fuel-injected internal combustion engine.
The air mass information is necessary for the engine control unit (ECU) to balance and deliver the correct fuel mass to the engine. Air changes its density with temperature and pressure. In automotive applications, air density varies with the ambient temperature, altitude and the use of forced induction, which means that mass flow sensors are more appropriate than volumetric flow sensors for determining the quantity of intake air in each cylinder.
There are two common types of mass airflow sensors in use on automotive engines. These are the vane meter and the hot wire. Neither design employs technology that measures air mass directly. However, with additional sensors and inputs, an engine's ECU can determine the mass flow rate of intake air.
Both approaches are used almost exclusively on electronic fuel injection (EFI) engines. Both sensor designs output a 0.0–5.0 volt or a pulse-width modulation (PWM) signal that is proportional to the air mass flow rate, and both sensors have an intake air temperature (IAT) sensor incorporated into their housings for most post on-board diagnostics (OBDII) vehicles. Vehicles prior to 1996 could have MAF without an IAT. An example is 1994 Infiniti Q45.
When a MAF sensor is used in conjunction with an oxygen sensor, the engine's air/fuel ratio can be controlled very accurately. The MAF sensor provides the open-loop controller predicted air flow information (the measured air flow) to the ECU, and the oxygen sensor provides closed-loop feedback in order to make minor corrections to the predicted air mass. Also see manifold absolute pressure sensor (MAP sensor). Since around 2012, some MAF sensors include a humidity sensor.
Moving vane meter
The VAF (volume air flow) sensor measures the air flow into the engine with a spring-loaded air vane (flap/door) attached to a variable resistor (potentiometer). The vane moves in proportion to the airflow. A voltage is applied to the potentiometer and a voltage appears on the output terminal of the potentiometer proportional to the angle the vane rotates, or the movement of the vane may directly regulate the amount of fuel injected, as in the K-Jetronic system.
Many VAF sensors have an air-fuel adjustment screw, which opens or closes a small air passage on the side of the VAF sensor. This screw controls the air-fuel mixture by letting a metered amount of air flow past the air flap, thereby leaning or richening the mixture. By turning the screw clockwise the mixture is enriched and counterclockwise the mixture is leaned.
The vane moves because of the drag force of the air flow against it; it does not measure volume or mass directly. The drag force depends on air density (air density in turn depends on air temperature), air velocity and the shape of the vane, see drag equation. Some VAF sensors include an additional intake air temperature sensor (IAT sensor) to allow the engines ECU to calculate the density of the air, and the fuel delivery accordingly.
The vane meter approach has some drawbacks:
it restricts airflow which limits engine output
its moving electrical or mechanical contacts can wear
finding a suitable mounting location within a confined engine compartment is problematic
the vane has to be oriented with respect to gravity.
in some manufacturers fuel pump control was also part on the VAF internal wiring.
Hot wire sensor (MAF)
A hot wire mass airflow sensor determines the mass of air flowing into the engine's air intake system. The theory of operation of the hot wire mass airflow sensor is similar to that of the hot wire anemometer (which determines air velocity). This is achieved by heating a wire suspended in the engine's air stream, like a toaster wire, by applying a constant voltage over the wire. The wire's electrical resistance increases as the wire's temperature increases, which varies the electrical current flowing through the circuit, according to Ohm's law. When air flows past the wire, the wire cools, decreasing its resistance, which in turn allows more current to flow through the circuit, since the supply voltage is a constant. As more current flows, the wire's temperature increases until the resistance reaches equilibrium again. The current increase or decrease is proportional to the mass of air flowing past the wire. The integrated electronic circuit converts the proportional measurement into a proportional voltage which is sent to the ECU.
If air density increases due to pressure increase or temperature drop, but the air volume remains constant, the denser air will remove more heat from the wire indicating a higher mass airflow. Unlike the vane meter's paddle sensing element, the hot wire responds directly to air density. This sensor's capabilities are well suited to support the gasoline combustion process which fundamentally responds to air mass, not air volume. (See stoichiometry.)
This sensor sometimes employs a mixture screw, but this screw is fully electronic and uses a variable resistor (potentiometer) instead of an air bypass screw. The screw needs more turns to achieve the desired results. A hot wire burn-off cleaning circuit is employed on some of these sensors. A burn-off relay applies a high current through the platinum hot wire after the vehicle is turned off for a second or so, thereby burning or vaporizing any contaminants that have stuck to the platinum hot wire element.
The hot film MAF sensor works somewhat similar to the hot wire MAF sensor, but instead it usually outputs a frequency signal. This sensor uses a hot film-grid instead of a hot wire. It is commonly found in late 1980s and early 1990s fuel-injected vehicles. The output frequency is directly proportional to the air mass entering the engine. So as mass flow increases so does frequency. These sensors tend to cause intermittent problems due to internal electrical failures. The use of an oscilloscope is strongly recommended to check the output frequency of these sensors. Frequency distortion is also common when the sensor starts to fail. Many technicians in the field use a tap test with very conclusive results. Not all HFM systems output a frequency. In some cases, this sensor works by outputting a regular varying voltage signal.
A micro-bridge uses the same principles but arranged on a silicon chip.
Coldwire sensor
The GM LS engine series (as well as others) use a coldwire MAF system (produced by AC Delco) that works similarly to the hot-wire MAF system; however, it uses an additional "cold" resistor to measure the ambient air and provide a reference for the "hot" resistor element used to measure the air flow.
The mesh on the MAF is used to smooth out airflow to ensure the sensors have the best chance of a steady reading. It is not used for measuring the air flow per se. In situations where owners use oiled-gauze air filters, it is possible for excess oil to coat the MAF sensor and skew its readings. Indeed, General Motors has issued a Technical Service Bulletin, indicating problems from rough idle all the way to possible transmission damage resulting from the contaminated sensors. To clean the delicate MAF sensor components, a specific MAF sensor cleaner or electronics cleaner should be used, not carburetor or brake cleaners, which can be too aggressive chemically. Instead, the liquid phase of MAF sensor cleaners and electronics cleaners is typically based on hexanes or heptanes with little to no alcohol content and use either carbon dioxide or HFC-152a as aerosol propellants. The sensors should be gently sprayed from a careful distance to avoid physically damaging them and then allowed to thoroughly dry before reinstalling. Manufacturers claim that a simple but extremely reliable test to ensure correct functionality is to tap the unit with the back of a screwdriver while the car is running, and if this causes any changes in the output frequency then the unit should be discarded and an OEM replacement installed.
Kármán vortex sensor
A Kármán vortex sensor works by disrupting the air stream with a perpendicular bow. Providing that the incoming flow is laminar, the wake consists of an oscillatory pattern of Kármán vortices. The frequency of the resulting pattern is proportional to the air velocity.
These vortices can either be read directly as a pressure pulse against a sensor, or they can be made to collide with a mirror which will then interrupt or transmit a reflected light beam to generate the pulses in response to the vortices. The first type can only be used in pull-thru air (prior to a turbo- or supercharger), while the second type could theoretically be used push- or pull-thru air (before or after a forced induction application like the previously mentioned super- or turbocharger). Instead of outputting a constant voltage modified by a resistance factor, this type of MAF outputs a frequency which must then be interpreted by the ECU. This type of MAF can be found on all DSMs (Mitsubishi Eclipse, Eagle Talon, Plymouth Laser), many Mitsubishis, some Toyotas and Lexus, and some BMWs, among others.
Membrane sensor
An emerging technology utilizes a very thin electronic membrane placed in the air stream. The membrane has a thin film temperature sensor printed on the upstream side, and one on the downstream side. A heater is integrated in the center of the membrane which maintains a constant temperature similar to the hot-wire approach. Without any airflow, the temperature profile across the membrane is uniform. When air flows across the membrane, the upstream side cools differently from the downstream side. The difference between the upstream and downstream temperature indicates the mass airflow. The thermal membrane sensor is also capable of measuring flow in both directions, which sometimes occur in pulsating situations. Technological progress allows this kind of sensor to be manufactured on the microscopic scale as microsensors using microelectromechanical systems technology. Such a microsensor reaches a significantly higher speed and sensitivity compared with macroscopic approaches. See also MEMS sensor generations.
Laminar flow elements
Laminar flow elements measure the volumetric flow of gases directly. They operate on the principle that, given laminar flow, the pressure difference across a pipe is linearly proportional to the flow rate. Laminar flow conditions are present in a gas when the Reynolds number of the gas is below the critical figure. The viscosity of the fluid must be compensated for in the result. Laminar flow elements are usually constructed from a large number of parallel pipes to achieve the required flow rating.
See also
List of sensors
Manifold absolute pressure (MAP)
References
Engine sensors
Flow meters
Gas technologies
Mass
Mount Campbell may refer to:
Mount Campbell (Alaska), a mountain in the Valdez-Cordova (CA) region in Alaska
Mount Campbell (Antarctica), a mountain in the Prince Olav Mountains of Antarctica
Mount Campbell (California), a small mountain in Sierra Nevada foothills near Reedley, California, United States
Mount Campbell (Canada), a mountain near Penticton, British Columbia, Canada
Mount Campbell (Cariboo), a mountain near Barkerville, British Columbia, Canada
Mount Campbell (Nunavut), a mountain in Nunavut, Canada
Mount Campbell (New South Wales), a mountain in Tweed Shire, New South Wales, Australia
Mount Campbell (Newfoundland and Labrador), a mountain in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada
Pukeone / Mount Campbell, a mountain in the Tasman region of New Zealand
See also
Campbell Mountain
Campbell Peak
Campbell Hill (disambiguation)
Campbell Hills
Campbell Hills (Antarctica)
William Badaoui (born 27 July 1998) is an Australian former competitive ice dancer. With his skating partner, Matilda Friend, he is the 2016 Australian national champion and represented Australia at five Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.
Skating career
By the 2014–15 season, Badaoui had teamed up with Matilda Friend. The two debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix (JGP) series and won the first of their three junior national titles.
In 2015–16, Friend/Badaoui returned to the JGP series and also made their senior international debut at the Open d'Andorra, in November 2015. They then competed at their first ISU Championships, placing 16th at the 2016 Four Continents Championships, held in February in Taiwan, and 30th at the 2016 World Junior Championships, which took place in March in Hungary.
Friend/Badaoui took the Australian national senior title in the 2016–17 season. They finished 15th at the 2017 Four Continents Championships in South Korea and 25th at the 2017 World Junior Championships in Taiwan.
The duo competed at three more Four Continents, placing 14th in 2018, 12th in 2019, and 15th in 2020.
They trained at Macquarie Ice Rink under 1988 Winter Olympian Monica MacDonald.
Programs
with Friend
Competitive highlights
CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
Ice dance with Friend
Men's singles
References
Australian male ice dancers
Living people
1998 births
Competitors at the 2019 Winter Universiade
Sportspeople from Sydney
Albert Blankert (born 16 June 1940) is a Dutch art historian and expert in 17th century Dutch painting and the art of Johannes Vermeer. He was Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Cambridge from 1999 to 2000.
Selected publications
Vermeer of Delft: Complete edition of the paintings. Phaidon Press, 1978.
Gods saints & heroes: Dutch painting in the age of Rembrandt. 1980.
Rembrandt: A genius and his impact. National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne; Waanders, Zwolle; 1997.
Dutch classicism in seventeenth-century painting. Museum Boijmans van Beuningen, 1999. (Editor)
References
1940 births
Dutch art historians
Dutch art curators
Living people
Dutch expatriates in the United Kingdom
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Regiment Limburgse Jagers (Limburg hunters) is light infantry regiment in the Royal Netherlands Army. It is named after the Dutch province of Limburg, and currently serves in the infantry role as part of 13 Motorized Brigades. It consists of 42nd motorised infantry battalion, which is made of three motorised infantry companies equipped with the Boxer APC and MB G280, and a heavy weapons company, consisting of a recce platoon (with Fennek light recce vehicle), a mortar platoon with 9 81mm mortars and two anti-tank platoons with Spike anti-tank missiles.
Battle Honours (displayed on the regimental colour)
Quatre-Bras 1815, Waterloo 1815, Tiendaagse Veldtocht 1831, Citadel van Antwerpen 1832, Venlo 1940, Roermond 1940, Zutphen 1940, West- en Midden-Java 1946–1949, Noord-Sumatra 1947-1949, Uruzgan 2007
External links
Regimental website
Limburgse Jagers
Sugar has been produced in India since ancient times and then it spread to other parts of the world. Sugarcane is a native of tropical Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia. In India, sugarcane is planted thrice a year in October, March and July depending on part of the country. Most of the sugar production in India takes at local Cooperative Sugar mills. After gaining Independence, India made serious plans for overall industrial development of sugar industry.
Market
Sugar industry is a big business in India. Around 525 mills produced more than 30 million tonnes of sugar in the last crushing season, which lasted from October to April. This makes it the world's largest producer, unseating Brazil. Some 50 million farmers and millions of more workers, are involved in sugarcane farming. India is the world's largest consumer of sugar. According to data from the Indian Sugar Mills Association, the country's sugar mill produce 268.21lakh () tonnes of sugar between October 1, 2019 and May 31, 2020.
On May 24, 2022, the Indian government announced that India will restrict the export of sugar from June 1, 2022. This restriction has been ordered to maintain domestic availability and ensure price stability.
Production of Sugar cane in India
Sugar cane is very important input for making sugar . When production of sugar cane increases, sugar production also increases. Sugar cane's production increased from 110 million tonnes in year 1961 to 405 million tonnes in year 2019. Sugar cane are grown in 2413 thousand hectare in 1961 year to 5061 thousand hectares in year 2019. Production quality for sugar cane is also increased. Production quantity improved from 45 tonnes/hectare to 80 tonnes/hectare.
Production of sugar cane by state
Traditionally, Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra produce the majority of sugar cane in India. This can be attributed to rich soil surrounding major rivers present in both states. However in 2019 Maharashtra was hit with floods thus affecting total production.
Products and by-products
The processing of sugarcane generates bagasse, molasses and press mud. Indian sugar industry has been using these by-products to generate bioethanol, electricity and many other products over the years.
Organisations
Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA)
All India Sugar Trade Association (AISTA)
National Sugar Institute (NSI)
The Sugar Technologists Association of India (STAI)
See also
Cooperative sugar factories in Maharashtra
Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research
History of sugar
References
India
Industries in India
Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It is currently both the smallest and least populous town\settlement in Poland.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
William Hammond Remick (October 14, 1866 – March 9, 1922) was an American banker who served as president of the New York Stock Exchange.
Early life
Remick was born on East Boston, Massachusetts on October 14, 1866. He was a son of Joseph Remick and Mary Ann Pickering (née Hammond) Remick. Among his siblings was Joseph Remick of Pillsbury, Remick & Co. of Boston and Frank W. Remick, a member of Kidder, Peabody & Co. who served as president of the Boston Stock Exchange while William was president of the New York Stock Exchange.
His maternal grandparents were Mary (née Kennard) Hammond and Captain William Hammond, who resided at Bolt Hill and was representative to the legislature, county commissioner and register of probate.
After attending public schools in East Boston, he began working in the woolen business before going into banking.
Career
In 1893, he became associated with R.L. Day & Co. in Boston. Two years later, he opened their New York office before becoming a partner in 1903. In 1913, he established his own investment banking firm, Remick, Hodges & Co. located at 14 Wall Street. In 1917, he was made chairman of the second Liberty Loan drive Committee of stock exchange houses and continued as chairman during succeeding loan drives.
In 1907, he purchased his seat on the New York Stock Exchange and in 1909, he was chosen to serve on the Exchange's Board of Governors, a position he retained until his death in 1922. While on the Board, he served on various committees, including the Committees on Laws, Finance, Stock Lists, Ways and Means, and as Chairman of the Committees on Insolvencies and on Admissions. From May 1919 to May 1921, he served as president of the New York Stock Exchange. The period of Remick's presidency of the Exchange was "exceptionally trying due to the banking situation in the Fall of 1919 and the strain on the credit structure of the country." In April 1921, Remick stated to a group of visitors to the Exchange that "the gradual development of the country through the railroads and industrial enterprises was made possible by the liquid wealth of the Eastern section of the country." He added that "your Governing Committee is doing the utmost to safeguard the public in every way possible and that the code of ethics and the sense of fair dealing of the members of the Exchange is as high--yes, higher--than is found in any business of the country." He was succeeded by his vice-president, Seymour L. Cromwell.
A Republican, Remick also served as a director of the Stock Clearing House Corporation, the Submarine Boat Corporation, the Electric Boat Company, the New York Railways Company, and a trustee of the Dry Dock Savings Institution. At the time of his death, he is senior member of his investment bank, Remick, Hodges & Co.
Personal life
On October 7, 1903, Remick was married to Elizabeth Wilson Moore of Wilmington, Delaware at "The Folly" at Fort Washington. Elizabeth, the daughter of John and Mary (née Wilson) Moore, was a niece of Mrs. J. Hood Wright, studied at Michigan State University from 1891 to 1893. Together, they lived at 907 Fifth Avenue, located at Fifth Avenue and 72nd Street, which was built in 1916 and was the first apartment building to replace a private mansion on Fifth Avenue above 59th Street. William and Elizabeth were the parents of two daughters:
Mary Moore Remick (born June 11, 1905)
Elizabeth Hammond Remick (born February 6, 1909), who predeceased William.
He was a member of the Union League Club, the Metropolitan Club, the Piping Rock Club and the New York Yacht Club. His wife was a life member of the Sorosis Club, the first professional women's club in the United States.
Remick died of heart disease at his residence in New York City, on March 9, 1922.
The Design 1023 cargo ship, SS Suremico (launched in 1920) was named in his honor (her name being a portmanteau of her manufacturer and her namesake, SUbmarine Boat REMIck COrporation).
Legacy
Crabmeat Remick, which was created around 1920 at the Plaza Hotel in New York City was named in honor of William Remick, then current president of the stock exchange.
References
1866 births
1922 deaths
People from Boston
Businesspeople from New York City
People from Manhattan
Presidents of the New York Stock Exchange
American bankers
Mazdacis zenoa is a species of snout moth in the genus Mazdacis. It was described by Schaus in 1925. It is found in South America.
References
Moths described in 1925
Epipaschiinae
Man About Town is a British style magazine for men, established in 2007. It is based in London and published in a bi-annual print edition, aimed at affluent 30 to 45-year-old alpha males.
Man About Town's founder and editorial director is Huw Gwyther and it is owned by his holding company, Visual Talent. The magazine was established with financial backing from British entrepreneur and businessman Peter Jones.
References
External links
2007 establishments in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 2007
Men's magazines published in the United Kingdom
Men's fashion magazines
Werner Widmayer (17 May 1909 – 14 June 1942) was a German footballer.
Personal life
Serving as an Oberleutnant in the German army, Widmayer died on 14 June 1942 in Semenivka, Ukraine during World War II at the age of 33.
References
1909 births
1942 deaths
Sportspeople from Kiel
Footballers from Schleswig-Holstein
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Holstein Kiel players
German military personnel killed in World War II
German Army officers of World War II
Giovanni Grixti is a Maltese judge.
See also
Judiciary of Malta
References
Living people
20th-century Maltese judges
21st-century Maltese judges
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
The following people have been employed by or are otherwise currently employed on the faculty at Ohio University in Athens, Ohio.
Distinguished faculty
The university recognizes faculty each year as endowed "Distinguished Professors"
Other notable faculty
Jon Edward Ahlquist, zoologist
Khalid Albudoor, poet
Jon Anderson, taught poetry
Terry A. Anderson, journalist
Eddie Ashworth, media arts and studies professor
Erin Belieu, poet
John Joseph Brady, journalist
Frank Ching, taught drawing
William E. Connolly, political theorist
Antonio Cua, philosopher
Stephen Custer, cellist
Hamza El Din, composer
Pam Durban, novelist
Aethelred Eldridge, painter
Walter S. Gamertsfelder, professor of philosophy, later dean and president of Ohio University
David Macinnis Gill, novelist, taught English
Frank Pierrepont Graves, taught education
Melvin Helitzer, taught journalism
Jeffrey Herf, taught history
Paul Hersey, entrepreneur
Granville Hicks, educator and writer
David Hostetler, sculptor
Josh Hyde, filmmaker
Colette Inez, composer
William Wartenbee Johnson, former trustee
Daniel Keyes, author
Brian Kiteley, novelist
Kathy Krendl, former Provost, now President of Otterbein University
Karl Kroeger, composer
P. Lal, poet
Raymond Luebbers, electrical engineer
Hilary Masters, taught writing
Nathaniel Massie, former trustee
Kevin Mattson, historian and critic
Zakes Mda, taught English
Dinty W. Moore, teaches English
Benjamin M. Ogles, Dean at Brigham Young University, former dean of Arts and Sciences
Charles L. Peterson, painter
Cosmo Pieterse, playwright
Ilmar Raag, film director
J. Allyn Rosser, poet
Alfred Ryors, taught mathematics; former Ohio University president
Eve Shelnutt, poet
Brian Smith, photographer
Thomas S. Smith, former Provost
Pete Souza, photojournalist that later chronicled Barack Obama's presidency
Darrell Spencer, taught creative writing
David E. Sweet, taught political science
Joe Tait, taught sportscasting
Eli Todd Tappan, taught mathematics
Mark Tatge, taught journalism
Walter Tevis, taught creative writing
William Thon, taught painting
Shane Tilton, teaches electronic media
James J. Whalen, former executive vice president
Robert Whealey, professor emeritus
Lawrence Witmer, paleontologist
Mark Wunderlich, poet
Sarah E. Wyatt, plant molecular biologist
Gladys Bailin, choreographer and dancer
References
Ohio University faculty
Katherine Shannon Collins is a Canadian-born cartoonist, writer, media personality, stage performer, and composer.
Biography
Early works
In 1965, Collins, then known as Arn Saba, attended the University of British Columbia on a creative writing scholarship, but devoted almost all her time at UBC to the campus twice-weekly paper, The Ubyssey, where she created her first comic strip, Moralman (1965–1968), and also wrote and illustrated articles.
In 1977, she moved to Toronto to try for success in a larger arena. She immediately began appearing on, and eventually producing, segments of the popular national CBC Radio program Morningside. She was usually paired with host Don Harron for free-wheeling discussions of favorite old comic strips and other pop culture. She also wrote, produced and acted in scores of comedy skits. Collins made similar appearances on CBC Television, on the Don McLean show. In her appearances, Saba demonstrated her enthusiasm and knowledge of cartooning, comics history, theatre and music.
In 1979, she wrote and produced a five-part radio documentary on CBC, The Continuous Art, exploring the cultural position of comics. It featured interviews with some of cartooning's greatest names, including Milton Caniff, Hal Foster (his last interview), Floyd Gottfredson, Hugo Pratt, Will Eisner, Jules Feiffer, and Russ Manning. Collins spent several years in the late 1970s and early 1980s travelling throughout North America, interviewing famous cartoonists, many of them at that point quite old. (Many of these lengthy interviews were later published in The Comics Journal in the 1980s and 1990s.)
In 1982, Collins moved to California, ceasing all other media activity in favour of cartooning.
Neil the Horse
Collins' most notable creation is Neil the Horse. The series ran in Canadian newspapers from 1975-1982 via the Great Lakes Publishing syndicate located in Toronto. It subsequently appeared in fifteen comic book issues from 1983–1988, published by Aardvark-Vanaheim/Renegade Press.
The drawing style is based on Disney comics, as well as early-20th Century Sunday pages. The motto for the series was "Making the World Safe for Musical Comedy," and many issues of the comic book feature the characters singing and dancing. When the characters are shown dancing, it is to original choreography.
Collins took a vaudevillian approach to the work, emulating early twentieth-century hardbound children's annuals', changing the storytelling approach repeatedly within each issue. The work morphed from comic strip, comic book, and illustrated prose, and contained sheet music, crossword puzzles, joke pages, and more. In the letters columns, the characters "answered" the mail. The book also featured paper dolls and fashion pages, in the tradition of Katy Keene.
Collins's efforts to continue the project in print were unsuccessful. It was optioned for film and television in cooperation with Zorro Productions, but the work did not make it to the screen.
In 1982 Collins wrote the book, music, and lyrics for a two-and-a-half-hour radio musical called Neil and the Big Banana that was twice broadcast in five episodes, in Canada on CBC Radio. Collins also played the part of Neil.
Personal life
Born in Vancouver, British Columbia as Arnold Alexander Saba, Jr. and was known as Arn Saba. Collins transitioned, identifying as a transgender woman since 1993.
In 2005, after fifteen years in San Francisco, Collins was deported under the USA PATRIOT Act for "crimes of moral turpitude." After her return to Vancouver, Collins was diagnosed with leukemia. In 2008, she announced she was recovering.
In 2013, Collins was inducted into the Joe Shuster Award Canadian Comic Book Creator Hall of Fame, and sent an acceptance video to the ceremony. In 2017, Collins was inducted into the "Giants of the North" hall of fame by the Doug Wright Awards for Canadian Cartooning.
References
External links
Hall of Fame Biography, Joe Shuster Awards
Katherine Collins at Prism Comics
"Introducing Arn Saba's Neil The Horse," CBC Digital Archives (Broadcast date: April 26, 1977)
Saba radio and TV appearances, CBC Digital Archives
The Comics Journal #255 (Sept. 2003).
1947 births
Artists from Vancouver
Canadian graphic novelists
Canadian women cartoonists
Canadian comics artists
Canadian comics writers
Female comics writers
LGBT comics creators
Living people
LGBT artists from Canada
Musicians from Vancouver
LGBT media personalities
Transgender musicians
Transgender women
Transgender writers
University of British Columbia alumni
Writers from Vancouver
Canadian LGBT novelists
Canadian media personalities
Canadian female comics artists
The Leibis-Lichte Dam () is a dam in the German state of Thuringia in the Thuringian Highland. The dam was completed in 2005 to impound the River Lichte, between the Lichte municipality section Geiersthal and Unterweissbach. To that particular storage reservoir belongs the Deesbach Forebay (German: Vorsperre Deesbach). The name of the dam, "Leibis-Lichte Dam" was derived from the close proximity to the municipalities of Leibis and Lichte, as well as from the Lichte River as being the main inlet.
Construction
The Leibis-Lichte Dam was constructed in the time period from 2002 to September 2005.
Inside the formwork, heavy equipment was used to spread and compact the large quantities of concrete. Mini excavators and graders put nearly of concrete each day into the formwork blocks. Giant cable cranes, reaching over the valley, moved the concrete across the site, with the transport containers holding up to of concrete.
Pictures
See also
List of reservoirs and dams in Germany
References
External links
Leibis-Lichte Dam on homepage of the Thuringian long-distance water supply (de: Tueringer Fernwasserversorgung
Homepage (private) concerning the Leibis-Lichte Dam
Pictures of the building site on baustellen-doku.info
Dams in Thuringia
Lichte
Dams completed in 2005
Buildings and structures in Saalfeld-Rudolstadt
The WWE SmackDown Women's Championship is a women's professional wrestling world championship created and promoted by the American promotion WWE, defended on the SmackDown brand division. It is one of two women's world titles for WWE's main roster, along with the WWE Raw Women's Championship on Raw. The current champion is Liv Morgan, who is in her first reign.
The title was unveiled on the August 23, 2016, episode of SmackDown Live as the counterpart title to the then-WWE Women's Championship, which became exclusive to Raw as a result of the 2016 WWE draft. That title was subsequently renamed after the crowning of the inaugural SmackDown Women's Champion Becky Lynch. The SmackDown Women's Championship has been contested in the main event of three WWE pay-per-view events: TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs in 2018 and, along with the Raw Women's Championship, WWE's flagship event WrestleMania in 2019, and by itself on Night 1 of WrestleMania in 2021. It was also the first women's professional wrestling championship to be defended in Saudi Arabia, which occurred at Super ShowDown in 2020, and again at Crown Jewel in 2021.
History
In July 2016, WWE reintroduced the brand extension wherein the promotion again divided its roster between the Raw and SmackDown brands where wrestlers are exclusively assigned to perform; the first brand split ended in August 2011. During the 2016 draft, reigning WWE Women's Champion Charlotte was drafted to Raw, leaving SmackDown without a women's championship. Immediately following SummerSlam on the August 23, 2016, episode of SmackDown, SmackDown commissioner Shane McMahon and general manager Daniel Bryan unveiled the SmackDown Women's Championship (Raw's title was subsequently renamed). A six-pack elimination challenge was then scheduled for Backlash on September 11, 2016, to determine the inaugural champion. The six women who competed at SummerSlam in the six-woman tag team match were chosen for the six-pack challenge: Alexa Bliss, Becky Lynch, Carmella, Naomi, Natalya, and Nikki Bella. Lynch became the inaugural champion when she last eliminated Carmella. The NXT Women's Championship would become WWE's third main women's title when the NXT brand, formerly the promotion's developmental territory, became WWE's third major brand in September 2019 when it was moved to the USA Network.
The championship belt design is physically identical to the Raw Women's Championship with the only difference being that the background of the center plate and the default side plates' globes are blue (as opposed to red) to symbolize its exclusivity to SmackDown. In what has become a prominent feature of the majority of WWE's championship belts, the side plates can be customized with the champion's logo. During Naomi's second reign, strips of multi interchanging colored LED lights were placed around the outline of the WWE logo and the outline of the belt to go with her "glow" gimmick.
The title headlined a pay-per-view event for the first time at TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs in December 2018, where Becky Lynch defended it in a triple threat Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match against Charlotte Flair and Asuka, which Asuka won; this was also the first women's TLC triple threat match. The title was then on the line in a winner takes all triple threat match in the main event of WrestleMania 35 in April 2019, where Flair defended the title against Raw Women's Champion Ronda Rousey and Lynch, who won the match. This was the first women's match to main event a WrestleMania – WWE's flagship event. At Super ShowDown in February 2020, the title became the first women's championship to be defended in Saudi Arabia, where Bayley retained the title over Naomi; this was only the second women's match contested in the country. The title would again be on the line in the main event of a WrestleMania, this time Night 1 of WrestleMania 37 in April 2021 where Bianca Belair defeated Sasha Banks to win the title; this was also the first time that two African-Americans headlined a WrestleMania and only the second women's match to main event the annual show. The title was defended for a second time in Saudi Arabia at Crown Jewel in 2021, where Becky Lynch retained against Bianca Belair and Sasha Banks in a triple threat match.
Inaugural championship match
Reigns
As of , , overall, there have been 23 reigns between 12 champions and 1 vacancy. Becky Lynch was the inaugural champion. Charlotte Flair has the most reigns at six. Bayley's second reign is the longest singular reign at 380 days, while Flair's fourth reign is the shortest at 4 minutes and 55 seconds. Bayley also holds the record for longest combined reign at 520 days. Asuka is the oldest champion, having won the title at 37, while Alexa Bliss is the youngest when she won it at 25.
Liv Morgan is the current champion in her first reign. She won the title by defeating Ronda Rousey at Money in the Bank after cashing in her Money in the Bank contract that she won earlier in the night.
References
External links
Official SmackDown Women's Title History
WWE SmackDown
WWE women's championships
Kathleen Alder (born 29 August 1983, in Hamburg) is founder and director of the PR agency WildKat PR. She is also a speaker at conferences as an expert in public relations, promotion, concert organisation and social media in the classical music field.
Early life and career
Kathleen Alder was born in Hamburg and raised in a very musical household. Her father, Chris Alder, is a music producer, with prizes including a Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Solo. Before founding WildKat PR, Kathleen Alder worked with El Sistema in Venezuela, at the Mahler Chamber Orchestra in Berlin, TVT Europe and Universal Music Group in London. In 2008 she launched her own PR Agency under the name WildKat PR. Three years later, in November 2011, she was awarded PR Week's prestigious “29 under 29”. Besides running WildKat PR she speaks regularly at conferences and debates – most recently the Influencer Conference in London and Berlin, at the MIDEM in France and at Classical:Next in Germany.
WildKat PR
WildKat PR was founded by Kathleen Alder in April 2008. Having gained professional experience in the music industry and in the advertising sector, Alder's initial goal was to apply professional commercial strategies to public relations within the arts and the media. She has given several interviews about founding WildKat PR, among others to The Times in 2013. Since its founding, WildKat PR has worked with over 150 artists and organizations including Kings Place, Menuhin Festival Gstaad, Gustavo Dudamel and the Bamberg Symphony.
In 2009, WildKat PR opened their Berlin branch. In 2016 WildKat employ 10 permanent staff and a network of freelancers. Kathleen Alder is constantly keen to experiment with new work-life balance trends, for example she established a 6-hourday scheme for her employees, reported The Guardian.
In May 2019, WildKat announced a major investment of 850,000 Pound Sterling from Edition Capital, an investment and advisory group. This news was reported within the specialist press in the UK (Music Week, Rhinegold Publishing) and Germany (PR Journal, Neue Musik Zeitung, Musikwoche). This investment allowed WildKat to build on their locations in London and Berlin with new offices in Paris, New York and LA within the same year. This expansion was also reported in furthers press articles (International Arts Managers, PR Week).
Network Dutyfy
In 2013, Kathleen Alder founded the Dutyfy Network, a network for women whose personal life and work life matter to them in equal measure. The Website "The Wallbreakers" reported on the launch.
Fellowship Noted Innovation
In 2015, Kathleen Alder created the fellowship Noted Innovation, which aims to offer financial support, industry opportunities and mentorship to up-and-coming talent in arts administration. The idea is to customize the fellowship around the recipient, in order to maximize their full potential and their impact on the industry. The first award winners in 2015 were the project Young Music Lab and the trombone player Johannes Weidner. Both the English and German press covered the launch.
The Voices Foundation
In fall 2018 Kathleen Alder became a trustee for the Voices Foundation. She has since been active with the foundation in organizing its 25th anniversary concert and The Big Give campaign, a rally to gain funds for the charity's work.
PostKultur
In 2020, Kathleen Alder founded PostKultur in Hamburg, a delivery service of cultural offers including items such as CDs, books, concert tickets and artwork. The idea was inspired by the subsequent shutdown of most cultural institutions as a result of the Coronavrírus-pandemic in 2020. The start-up service aims to make cultural items more accessible to a wider audience. Plans are underway for an expansion to other cities such as Frankfurt, Berlin, München, Stuttgart, Dresden.
Awards
2011 – PR Week's prestigious “29 under 29”
2017 – PANDA Women Leadership Contest 2017
2018 – Finalist in the Arts & Culture Category for Women of the Future Awards 2018
References
External links
WildKat PR Website
1983 births
Living people
21st-century German businesspeople
Businesspeople from London
Businesspeople from Berlin
German chief executives
Public relations
C.S.I Ewart Matriculation Higher Secondary School (Ewart, pronounced you-urt) is a private Christian school founded in 1913 in what is now Chennai, India. It gained matriculation status in 1945, and is managed by the Church of South India, Madras Diocese. The school mainly serves the communities of Purasawalkam, Vepery, Egmore, Kilpauk, Perambur, Sowcarpet. Ewart is fully accredited and is a member of the State School association. The classrooms are co-educational until 5th standard after which they become girls only.
History
Founding
In 1913, the Church of England Zenana Mission began Ewart as a 'finishing school' for Indian girls. Its goal was to bring Christian values as well as the poise and etiquette of an 'English' education to students in India. The school was named Ewart after its first donator, an Irish woman, Miss Ewart. With funding secured, the school started in an old mission house in Chennai with three students on roll.
Development of the school
Miss Frances Baker was the first principal of C.S.I Ewart matric hr.sec. school, presiding over it from 1913 to 1936. In honor of her services a house, "Frances Baker House", and a wing of the school "Frances Baker Block", were named after her.
The second principal of the school was Miss Alice Greene, she presided over the school from 1936 to 1952. In 1943 the school adopted the matriculation syllabus and began to offer Tamil and Hindi as second languages. The school auditorium and a house has been named after Miss Alice Green. Succeeding Miss Alice Green was Miss.C.Davamani, the third principal, who presided over the school from 1952 to 1970. She was the first Indian principal of Ewart.
The fourth principal was Mrs. C. Chelladurai (1970–1988). During her service she received both a National and State award for her leadership of the school. In 1978 the school was upgraded to the status of a Higher Secondary School.
In 2001, under the leadership of principal A. Williams, C.S.I Ewart was chosen to be one of three schools in Chennai to pilot test the Cambridge Young Learners English Tests. The test was designed by the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate (UCLES) for children aged seven to twelve in order to test a child's speaking skills.
In 2009, Sheila Lawrence became the seventh principal of Ewart. Beena Devaprasad took over as the Eighth Principal of Ewart School in 2019.
Principals
School hymn
The school hymn is written by Rudyard Kipling
Land of our birth, we pledge to thee
Our love and toil in the years to be
When we are grown and take our place
As men and women with our race
Father in heaven, who lovest all,
O help Thy children when they call
That they may build from age to age
An undefiled heritage.
Teach us delight in simple things,
And mirth that has no bitter Springs
Forgiveness free of evil done,
And love to all men neath the sun
Teach us the Strength that cannot seek,
By deed or thought, to hurt the weak-
That under thee, we may possess
Man's strength to comfort man's distress.
Teach us to look in all our ends
On Thee for judge, and not our friends-
That we with Thee, may walk, uncowed
By fear or favour of the crowd.
Land of our birth, our faith, our pride,
For whose dear sake our fathers died-
O Motherland, we pledge to thee,
Head, heart and hand through the years to be.
Ewart school culture
Events
Annual events
Sports Day - annually in July, sports day is a one-day competitive event among the five houses in challenges including most track and field events, march past, bicycle races, and dance performances.
Prize Day - In August, prizes are distributed to the winners of the events that took place during Sports Day. Other prizes, like the General proficiency prize and Best girl award, are distributed on this day.
Pastiche is an inter-school cultural event in which 20-30 schools from Chennai participate in to win contests. It is organized by the Interact club, which consists of all the 11th std. students.
Inter house Dramatics - The five houses compete for first place. The event provides a platform for the students to showcase their talents in acting.
Special events
Carnival, Mission sale and teacher's day
Definite Clean Marina Programme(1997)
Under the leadership of principal Mrs. A. Williams C.S.I Ewart and Citi Plus, a voluntary organization, jointly co-sponsored an effort to clean Marina beach in Chennai. 1,200 students from 25 schools picked up the litter on a half kilometre stretch on both sides of the Gandhi Statue in the Marina beach on 31 August 1997. For the next 25 weeks, students from schools continued to clean the stretch of land every weekend.
Vepery Science Expo (2003)
Between 24–25 January 2003, Ewart held a science exhibition called "Vivikta 2003" and themed "A Futuristic Clean World". During the expo Ewarts introduced its plan to clean up the school and the surrounding neighborhood as a part of its larger effort for promoting environmental awareness.
AIDS Awareness (2004)
On 23 January 2004, the school organized an interactive session on AIDS with Dr. Fuller and Dr.Libman from the United States along with three doctors from Sri Ramachandra Medical College and Research Institute. About 400 girls from standard IX to XII interacted with Jon D.Fuller and Howard Libman, associate professors from Boston University School of Medicine and Harvard Medical School. Students asked a wide range of questions from mother-to-child transmission to the origins of HIV and to the symptoms of AIDS
DEAR, One World Reading Together (2005)
(Drop Everything and Read) - On 23 December 2005, in celebration of the One World Reading Together program started in 1999 by Scholastic Publishing, Ewart Students gathered together at noon in the school auditorium and read silently. At the end of this "DEAR" time, the students yelled "C.S.I. Ewart reads for 2006" and made pledge to reading for the upcoming year.
Houses
Ewart has five houses. Students are assigned a house when they enroll in the school. Houses compete against one another in annual events such as sports day or bake sales.
Awards
Teacher awards
SEED School Network Program Grant
In 2000, Ewartr received donated computer networking materials and a grant from the SEED organization to help improve the technology in the school. The SEED School Network Program offers to disadvantaged schools located in developing countries the financial and technical assistance needed to connect them to the Internet. Ewart used the grant money to set up a computer center and to train teachers on operating Windows 95, NT, and MS-Office. Ms. Mallika Ranjan lead the development, organization, and deployment of the new IT system at Ewart.
Ford Conservation and Environmental Grant
C.S.I Ewart was one of three schools awarded the Ford Conservation and Environmental Grant in November 2001. The total grant amount of Rs. 15 lakhs was distributed among the winners to support projects which aimed at preservation of their immediate environment and natural resources. Ewart's winning project proposal was titled 'Proliferating Vermiculture Practice by Community Participation,' and aimed to incorporate vermiculture units on camps to battle environmental pollution.
C.S.I. Ewart Global School
From January 2018, there's another school started inside the campus with a name C.S.I. Ewart Global School. This new school is affiliated to the CBSE board.
References
External links
C.S.I Ewart School Page
Wikimapia of Ewarts
C.S.I Ewart Facebook Group
Church of South India schools
Christian schools in Tamil Nadu
Primary schools in Tamil Nadu
High schools and secondary schools in Chennai
Educational institutions established in 1913
1913 establishments in India
Church of England Zenana Missionary Society
Ballykeel (from Irish An Baile Caol, meaning "the narrow townland/farmstead") is a townland, containing a large housing estate off the Crebilly Road in South-East Ballymena, County Antrim, in Northern Ireland.
History
The Ballykeel estate is divided into two separate estates, with the estate on the Western side known as "Ballykeel 1", built in 1962 to relieve overcrowding in Ballymena, and also to facilitate people coming into the town from the country to work in the factories in Ballymena. "Ballykeel 2" on the Eastern side, was built in 1972, due to further demand for housing. Ballykeel 1 comprises mainly rows of terraced houses parallel to the street, as well as 2 or 3 storey blocks of flats or maisonettes. Ballykeel 2 is built in the Radburn layout, with many of the terraced houses not facing the street, but onto a pedestrian path. Larger houses near the entrance of Ballykeel 2 show where the factory managers once lived and the terraces where the workers lived. There are also some 2-storey blocks of flats in Ballykeel 2. In 2001, both the Ballykeel 1 and 2 estates were 0-10% Catholic.
Decline and regeneration
Due to the closure of many mills and factories, many workers were left unemployed, and by the 1990s, many homes were empty and boarded up. In 2002 The Housing Executive demolished many houses in Ballykeel 2, leaving large green spaces behind. A derelict block of flats was turned into a community centre. Even so, unemployment, drug abuse, and alcohol abuse are still problems on the estate.
Amenities
Between the two estates area playing pitches and a park, Ballykeel Primary School, Ballykeel Youth Centre, a playgroup and a few retail premises. On the opposite side of the road is Ballykeel Presbyterian Church, with the other Church on the estate, Ballykeel Pentecostal Church, located inside Ballykeel 2. There are also some retail premises opposite Ballykeel 2, and some inside Ballykeel 1.
Culture
Ballykeel has its own Marching band "Ballykeel Loyal Sons of Ulster" with blue and red attire for their uniform. Most people who live in Ballykeel are from a Protestant background. Every year on the night before the 12th of July, large bonfires are lit in Ballykeel 1 and Ballykeel 2 by loyalists. At this time of year, red, white and blue bunting, Union Flags, Ulster Banners and flags of the UDA/UFF and the UVF are flown from homes or on lampposts, as well as many other flags .
References
Housing estates in Northern Ireland
Ballymena
County Antrim
Alexander Trent Tyus (born January 8, 1988) is an American-Israeli professional basketball player who last played for Pınar Karşıyaka of the Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL). He was the 2018 Israeli Basketball Premier League Finals MVP. Having been naturalized as an Israeli citizen, he also represented the senior Israeli national basketball team. Standing at 2.03 meters (6' 8") tall, he is an athletic frontcourt player and good rebounder.
High school career
Tyus played for his first two years of high school for Hazelwood Central High School in St. Louis. He then played for two years for Harmony Prep, leading it to the prep school national championship game in 2006.
College career
Tyus attended the University of Florida, where he played college basketball under head coach Billy Donovan with the Florida Gators from 2007 to 2011, and was a member of two NCAA Tournament teams. He played a key role in the 2010–11 Gators' run to the Elite Eight with a 19-point, 17-rebound effort in the 83–74 overtime win over the BYU Cougars in the NCAA Tournament Sweet 16. As of 2012, his 1,333 career points were 22nd-best in school history.
Professional career
Maccabi Ashdod (2011–2012)
On June 28, 2011, Tyus started his professional career with the Israeli team Maccabi Ashdod after finishing four years at Florida.
Pallacanestro Cantù (2012–2013)
On July 12, 2012, Tyus signed a contract with the Italian team Pallacanestro Cantù where he played his first EuroLeague season.
Maccabi Tel Aviv (2013–2015)
On July 1, 2013, Tyus signed a two-year contract with Maccabi Tel Aviv. He was named the MVP of the 2013-14 EuroLeague for the month of April. He was one of the key players to help Maccabi advance to the EuroLeague Final Four. Eventually, Maccabi won the EuroLeague championship.
Anadolu Efes (2015–2016)
On July 21, 2015, Tyus signed a one-year contract with the Turkish club Anadolu Efes. In 24 EuroLeague games with Anadolu Efes, he averaged 5.9 points and 3 rebounds.
Galatasaray (2016–2017)
On July 12, 2016, Tyus signed a one-year deal with Galatasaray.
Return to Maccabi (2017–2019)
On June 22, 2017, Tyus returned to Maccabi Tel Aviv for a second stint, signing a two-year contract.
On May 27, 2018, Tyus recorded a season-high 20 points, shooting 10-of-12 from the field, along with five rebounds and two blocks in a 97-85 win over Bnei Herzliya. On June 8, 2018, Tyus earned a spot in the All-Israeli League Second Team. On June 14, 2018, Tyus led Maccabi Tel Aviv to win the 2018 Israeli League Championship after a 95–75 victory over Hapoel Holon. He was subsequently named Finals MVP.
On July 25, 2018, Tyus signed a one-year contract extension with Maccabi. On January 28, 2019, Tyus was named EuroLeague MVP of the Month after averaging 11.2 points, 4.2 rebounds and 1.4 blocks for 14.6 PIR per game, shooting 84 percent from the field in five games played in January. On March 28, 2019, Tyus recorded a EuroLeague career-high 20 points, shooting 9-of-11 from the field, along with six rebounds in a 90–55 win over Gran Canaria. Tyus helped Maccabi win the 2019 Israeli League Championship, winning his second straight Israeli League title in the process.
UNICS Kazan (2019–2020)
On July 13, 2019, Tyus signed a 1+1 contract with UNICS Kazan of the VTB United League. He averaged 10.3 points, 6.1 rebounds and 1.2 blocks per game.
Galatasaray (2020)
On November 4, 2020, Tyus signed with Galatasaray.
Real Madrid (2020–2021)
On December 29, 2020, he signed with Real Madrid of the Liga ACB. On July 1, 2021, Tyus officially parted ways with the Spanish club.
Pınar Karşıyaka (2021–present)
On November 8, 2021, he has signed with Pınar Karşıyaka of the Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL) and Basketball Champions League (BCL).
National team career
Tyus was a member of the senior Israeli national basketball team at the 2013 EuroBasket tournament.
Personal life
During his college years he was introduced to Judaism by his roommate, and in 2011 Tyus and his then wife, Alli Cecchini (volleyball player of Florida Gators) who has Jewish roots, converted to Judaism together.
On June 10, 2012, Tyus received an Israeli passport.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2007–08
| style="text-align:left;"| Florida
| 36 || 0 || 12.7 || .540 || .000 || .543 || 2.6 || .3 || .1 || .6 || 4.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2008–09
| style="text-align:left;"| Florida
| 36 || 36 || 26.2 || .591 || .000 || .685 || 6.2 || .7 || .5 || .8 || 12.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2009–10
| style="text-align:left;"| Florida
| 34 || 34 || 28.4 || .503 || .400 || .683 || 6.9 || .4 || .5 || 1.0 || 11.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2010–11
| style="text-align:left;"| Florida
| 36 || 36 || 25.1 || .500 || .333 || .630 || 6.2 || .8 || .4 || .8 || 9.1
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"|
| 152 || 106 || 23.0 || .534 || .375 || .652 || 5.4 || .6 || .4 || .8 || 9.4
EuroLeague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2012–13
| style="text-align:left;"| Cantù
| 10 || 0 || 19.8 || .576 || .000 || .481 || 3.7 || .4 || .2 || 1.0 || 8.1 || 9.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#AFE6BA;"| 2013–14†
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan=2| Maccabi
| 27 || 2 || 18.1 || style="background:#CFECEC;"|.718 || .000 || .526 || 5.0 || .3 || .3 || 1.0 || 7.7 || 10.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014–15
| 25 || 5 || 21.1 || .611 || .000 || .529 || 5.2 || .4 || .4 || 1.4 || 7.2 || 10.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"| Anadolu Efes
| 24 || 8 || 12.6 || .537 || .000 || .446 || 3.0 || .3 || .3 || .3 || 5.9 || 6.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Galatasaray
| 30 || 10 || 19.4 || .684 || .000 || .553 || 5.2 || .4 || .6 || 1.1 || 10.0 || 14.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| Maccabi
| 30 || 2 || 19.9 || .617 || .000 || .491 || 5.0 || .2 || .5 || 1.0 || 8.3 || 10.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Maccabi
| 30 || 5 || 18.3 || .664 || .000 || .625 || 4.1 || .3 || .5 || 1.1 || 7.3 || 10.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"|
| 176 || 32 || 18.4 || .642 || .000 || .522 || 4.6 || .3 || .4 || 1.2 || 7.8 || 10.5
See also
List of select Jewish basketball players
References
External links
draftexpress.com profile
eurobasket.com profile
EuroLeague profile
TBLStat.net Profile
Florida Gators bio
1988 births
Living people
21st-century American Jews
African-American Jews
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Anadolu Efes S.K. players
Basketball players from St. Louis
BC UNICS players
Centers (basketball)
Converts to Judaism
Florida Gators men's basketball players
Galatasaray S.K. (men's basketball) players
Israeli American
Israeli men's basketball players
Jewish American sportspeople
Jewish men's basketball players
Karşıyaka basketball players
Liga ACB players
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. players
Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. players
Pallacanestro Cantù players
Power forwards (basketball)
Real Madrid Baloncesto players
Ujazdów Avenue () is a major thoroughfare parallel to the Vistula River in the downtown district of Warsaw, Poland.
History
The Avenue's origins date to 1724-31, when King Augustus II the Strong ordered the construction of a Calvary Road (Droga Kalwaryjska). By 1766 the route was part of the Royal Route as Belweder Avenue, leading to the Belweder Palace. In the second half of the 19th century, a number of Polish aristocrats' and industrialists' villas and palaces were built along the route. Following the restoration of Polish independence in 1918, the majority of these houses and mansions were transformed into foreign embassies. During World War II under the Nazi occupation, it was planned to be transformed into a German district, according to the so-called Pabst Plan. Nazi authorities renamed the avenue Lindenallee, and later Siegenallee. On 1 February 1944, Franz Kutschera, the SS Police Chief in German-occupied Warsaw was assassinated by members of the Polish resistance outside Ujazdów Avenue number 23 - an action known as Operation Kutschera.
During the Warsaw Uprising in 1944, the street and the surrounding buildings were mostly destroyed, however the majority of the historical residences and some tenements along the route survived. In the war's aftermath, the avenue experienced massive reconstruction, with works lasting until 1955. In 1953, following the death of Joseph Stalin, authorities renamed the thoroughfare as Stalin Avenue (Aleja Stalina). Three years later during the Polish October, a period of de-Stalinization, the avenue's traditional name was restored.
In September 1994, as part of the Royal Route, Ujazdów Avenue was included in Poland's official national List of Historical Monuments by President Lech Wałęsa. In 2009, Ujazdów Avenue underwent a complete renovation, with the planting of new trees, the complete reconstruction of sidewalks, bus turnouts, and creating bike paths for the route.
Location
Located in the Śródmieście district, Ujazdów Avenue begins at Belweder Street and runs for 1.6 km to Three Crosses Square. The contemporary avenue is surrounded by many notable historical villas, parks and palaces, as well as politically important buildings. Notable landmarks along Ujazdów include the Chancellery of the Prime Minister, Ujazdów Castle, Ujazdów Park, Łazienki Park, the Botanical Gardens, the Ministry of Justice, St. Alexander's Church and several embassies, including those of Switzerland, the United States, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Bulgaria and Lithuania.
In addition to street traffic, Ujazdów is also used for ceremonial purposes as a military parade route during Armed Forces Day, held annually on 15 August.
Image gallery
References
Streets in Warsaw
Śródmieście, Warsaw
Bishop Jan Cieński (; 7 January 1905 – 26 December 1992) was a Roman Catholic clandestine prelate from Ukraine as an Auxiliary bishop of Archdiocese of Lviv and a single Roman Catholic prelate in Ukraine since 30 June 1967 until 16 January 1991, when a Roman Catholic hierarchy was reestablished in Ukraine.
Life
Bishop Cieński was born in the noble szlachta family of a politician Tadeusz Cieński and Maria (née countess Dzieduszycka) Cieńska in present-day Western Ukraine. His maternal grandfather was Polish landowner, naturalist, political activist, collector and patron of arts of Ukrainian origins Count Włodzimierz Dzieduszycki.
After graduation of the gymnasium education, future Bishop continued to study at the Agrarian Academy in Dubliany, with graduation in 1928, and subsequently joined Faculty of Low of the University of Lviv. After that he joined the Major Roman Catholic Theological Seminary in Lviv in 1933 and was ordained as priest on June 26, 1938, by Archbishop Bolesław Twardowski, while completed of the theological studies.
During 1938–1945 he served as an assistant priest in Zolochiv, in the same time worked as a chaplain of the Polish Home Army and clandestinely rescued Jews in the Holocaust persecution. In a period of the Polish population transfers (1944–1946) he remained in the Soviet Union and continued to serve as a parish priest in Zolociv (1945–1992) under the Communist persecution of the religion.
In 1962 Bishop Cieński was clandestinely appointed by Pope John XIII as an Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Lviv. But his consecration happened only on June 30, 1967, when he was consecrated as bishop by Metropolitan Archbishop Stefan Cardinal Wyszyński and other prelates of the Roman Catholic Church privately in Gniezno, Poland.
Bishop Jan Cieński secretly ordained several Greek Catholic and Roman Catholic priests, one of them being Bishop Leon Malyi, auxiliary bishop of Archdiocese of Lviv.
References
1905 births
1992 deaths
People from Lviv Oblast
Polish nobility
People from the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Ukrainian people of Polish descent
Polish Austro-Hungarians
University of Lviv alumni
Polish people who rescued Jews during the Holocaust
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ukraine
Roman Catholic bishops in the Soviet Union
Tsizgari (; Dargwa: ЦӀизгъари) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Tsizgarinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 353 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Tsizgari is located 11 km northeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Meusisha and Buskri are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Guillermo Jorge Almada Alves (born June 18, 1966), known as Guillermo Almada, is a Uruguayan professional football manager and former player, currently in charge of Liga MX club Pachuca.
Honours
Player
Defensor Sporting
Uruguayan Primera División: 1987, 1991
Coach
River Plate (Montevideo)
Torneo Preparación: 2012
Barcelona de Guayaquil
Ecuadorian Serie A: 2015–16
Notes
External links
Guillermo Almada at Ceroacero.es
1969 births
Living people
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Uruguayan football managers
Defensor Sporting players
Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo) players
Racing Club de Montevideo players
Montevideo Wanderers F.C. players
Centro Atlético Fénix players
Tacuarembó F.C. players
Huracán Buceo players
C.A. Cerro players
C.A. Progreso players
Aurora F.C. players
Barcelona S.C. managers
América de Cali footballers
O'Higgins F.C. footballers
Uruguayan Primera División players
Chilean Primera División players
Categoría Primera A player
Expatriate football managers in Ecuador
Expatriate football managers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
River Plate Montevideo managers
Association football forwards
Ashley Elizabeth Yoder (born October 20, 1987) is an American mixed martial artist and competes in Strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).
Biography
Yoder was born on October 20, 1987 in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. At the age of three, her parents got divorced and she and her brother were raised by her mother. During her high school years, Yoder was involved in cheerleading, dance and competed in track and field. She attended Indiana University and received two Bachelor's Degrees in Criminal Justice and African American Diaspora Studies.
Prior to starting to fight professionally, Yoder worked as a lifeguard.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
On her 18th birthday, Yoder lost her brother in a car accident, followed by the death of her cousin two years later. She started training in MMA after a friend introduced her to the combat sport. Yoder only fell in love with mixed martial arts after she had her first fight. Prior to that, she mainly used MMA as a channel to vent out her anger of the loss of her brother.
Yoder participated in the UFC's The Ultimate Fighter 20 tryouts, but did not make the cut to be a cast member. She attempted to make it into the show again in April 2016, trying out for TUF 23. Yoder was chosen to appear on that season of TUF, and was signed by UFC later that year.
Yoder fought most of her fights in the California circuit under BAMMA USA, Invicta and Gladiator Challenge promotions and amassed a record of 5–1 prior joining UFC.
The Ultimate Fighter
Yoder competed in the strawweight tournament under Joanna Jędrzejczyk's team on the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) produced reality television series The Ultimate Fighter (TUF) 23, also known as The Ultimate Fighter: Team Joanna vs. Team Cláudia. Yoder took on Jodie Esquibel in round 1 and won the fight via split decision. Yoder moved on to face Kate Jackson, where she lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Yoder made her promotional debut on December 9, 2016 at UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Abdurakhimov in Albany, New York against Justine Kish. At the weight-in Kish came in at 116.4 Ibs, over the strawweight limit of 116 Ibs, and she was fined 20% of her pay to Yoder. She lost the fight via unanimous decision with the scorecards 29-28 across the board.
Yoder faced Angela Hill on July 7, 2017 at The Ultimate Fighter 25 Finale. She lost the fight by unanimous decision.
Yoder faced promotional newcomer Mackenzie Dern on March 3, 2018 at UFC 222. She lost the fight via split decision.
Yoder faced Amanda Cooper on November 10, 2018 UFC Fight Night 139. She won the fight via a split decision.
Yoder faced Syuri Kondo on June 22, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 153. She won the fight via unanimous decision.
Yoder was scheduled to face Yan Xiaonan on October 26, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 162. However, Yan pulled out of the fight in late-September citing a foot injury. She was replaced by Randa Markos. She lost the fight via split decision.
As the first fight of her new four-fight contract, Yoder faced Lívia Renata Souza on August 15, 2020 at UFC 252. She lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Yoder faced Miranda Granger on November 14, 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Felder vs. dos Anjos. She won the fight via unanimous decision.
Yoder was scheduled to face Angela Hill in a rematch on February 27, 2021 at UFC Fight Night 186. However, day of the fight it was announced that the bout was scrapped due to safety protocols after one of Yoder's cornermen tested positive for COVID-19. The bout was rescheduled and took place at UFC Fight Night: Edwards vs. Muhammad on March 13. Yoder lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Yoder faced Jinh Yu Frey on July 31, 2021 at UFC on ESPN 28. She lost the fight via unanimous decision.
As the first bout of her new four-fight contract, Yoder was scheduled to face Vanessa Demopoulos on January 15, 2022 at UFC on ESPN 32. However, Yoder withdrew from the event for undisclosed reasons and she was replaced by Silvana Gómez Juárez.
Personal life
Yoder is a dog lover and owns a dog named "Beth".
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–8
|Jinh Yu Frey
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on ESPN: Hall vs. Strickland
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–7
|Angela Hill
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Edwards vs. Muhammad
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–6
|Miranda Granger
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Felder vs. dos Anjos
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–6
|Lívia Renata Souza
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 252
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–5
|Randa Markos
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Maia vs. Askren
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Kallang, Singapore
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–4
|Syuri Kondo
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Moicano vs. The Korean Zombie
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Greenville, South Carolina, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–4
|Amanda Cooper
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: The Korean Zombie vs. Rodríguez
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|5–4
|Mackenzie Dern
|Decision (split)
|UFC 222
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|5–3
|Angela Hill
|Decision (unanimous)
|The Ultimate Fighter: Redemption Finale
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|5–2
|Justine Kish
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Abdurakhimov
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Albany, New York, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–1
| Amber Brown
| Submission (armbar)
| Invicta FC 20: Evinger vs. Kunitskaya
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:31
| Kansas City, Missouri, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–1
| Angela Danzig
| Submission (armbar)
| BAMMA USA: Badbeat 17
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:50
| Commerce, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–1
| Liz Tracy
| Decision (split)
| BAMMA USA: Badbeat 16
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Commerce, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–1
| Misha Nassiri
| Submission (armbar)
| BAMMA USA: Badbeat 14
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:02
| Commerce, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 1–1
| Maria Rios
| Decision (unanimous)
| BAMMA USA: Badbeat 13
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:00
| Commerce, California, United States
|
|-
|Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Catalina Madril
| Submission (armbar)
| Gladiator Challenge: Uprising
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:15
| San Jacinto, California, United States
|
|-
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of female mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
American female mixed martial artists
Strawweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Mixed martial artists from Indiana
Sportspeople from Indianapolis
Indiana University alumni
Ultimate Fighting Championship female fighters
American practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Female Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioners
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
21st-century American women
The 1931 Giro di Lombardia was the 27th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 25 October 1931. The race started and finished in Milan. The race was won by Alfredo Binda.
General classification
References
1931
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Mona Christine Holm is a Norwegian hammer thrower. In 2007, she competed in the women's hammer throw at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka, Japan.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Norwegian female hammer throwers
World Athletics Championships athletes for Norway
The Peter Kremer House is a historic house museum in Minnesota Lake, Minnesota, United States. The Minnesota Lake Historical Society operates the house as the Kremer House Library and Museum.
Built in 1902, it was the home of a French immigrant and his wife, Millie Zabel of Prussia, who both served as business and civic leaders in the community.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Faribault County, Minnesota
References
External links
Kremer House Library and Museum
Historic house museums in Minnesota
Houses completed in 1902
National Register of Historic Places in Faribault County, Minnesota
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Queen Anne architecture in Minnesota
Nicole Hackett (born 10 December 1978 in Sydney) is an athlete from Australia, who competes in triathlon. She won the bronze medal at the 2002 Commonwealth Games however her greatest achievement is her son James born 4 June 2006
Hackett completed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She took ninth place with a total time of 2:03:10.81. Her split times were 19:41.08 for the swim, 1:05:37.10 for the cycling, and 0:37:52.63 for the run.
References
1978 births
Living people
Australian female triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Australia
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Australia
Triathletes at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Sportspeople from Sydney
Commonwealth Games medallists in triathlon
20th-century Australian women
21st-century Australian women
Naresh Sawal is an Indian Politician from the state of Goa. He is a first term member of the Goa Legislative Assembly representing the Bicholim constituency.
Political Career
He was one of the few Independent Members of the Goa Legislative Assembly until 4 January 2016, when he joined the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party.
Constituency
He represented the Bicholim constituency.
External links
Members of the Goa Legislative Assembly
References
Members of the Goa Legislative Assembly
Living people
People from North Goa district
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Goa
Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party politicians
Independent politicians in India
Year of birth missing (living people)
Union County is a county located in the southern part of the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 12,138. The county seat is Creston. Organized at a time of tensions before the Civil War, the county was named in 1853 for the union that people wanted to preserve. The rural county's peak of population was in 1930. Its economy is based on agriculture and related industries.
History
The first permanent European-American settlers came in 1849 and 1850. Mormons had earlier established Mt. Pisgah in the eastern part of the county as a way station as they traveled west, but had left this area by 1848. Settlers used Pisgah as a base to establish farms along the Grand and Platte rivers that run through the county. They found a market for their produce with the emigrants traveling overland to California to take part in the Gold Rush. Travelers often sought shelter with the settlers along the way. In 1851 one settler counted 2,600 teams driven by emigrants to California; they often drove herds of sheep and cattle, trying to get animals to the gold fields to feed the miners, but many died along the way.
The first village was Petersville, founded in 1853, the same year that the county was organized. The county was named for the union which many people wanted to preserve, at a time of rising tensions between the North and the South.
After the American Civil War, railroad construction linked the areas of the county, giving rise to new towns, and gave access to other markets. In 1868 the railroad reached Afton, Iowa, and the next year Creston, the county seat, was made a division point. The railroad built service facilities there, a roundhouse and related structures. The railroad brought immigrants and migrants to the area, who were attracted to the fertile soil as farmland. Immigrants came from across central and eastern Europe, as well as from eastern states of the US. The Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railroad (BNSF) continues to be important in the area, serving as the chief network for hauling grain and coal. Over the years, it drew workers from industrial cities such as Chicago to Creston.
The county has a fair each year. In the late 19th century, southwestern Iowa claimed the title of Bluegrass Capital, having cultivated bluegrass throughout the area. In 1889 the Bluegrass Association was founded, made up of representatives of the 18 counties in this region. They built a Bluegrass Palace on the Union County Fairgrounds. It was designed by Louis Syberkro, an artist, and constructed by J. C. Woodruff, both of Creston. Made of sod and baled hay on a wood frame, the building was 100 feet square, with corner turrets and a central tower 92 feet high. It held exhibits of farm products and resource commodities from counties of the association, including wood, coal, sandstone, and marble. The palace was such a success that the Bluegrass Association commissioned a larger one the following year, which supplied about three times as much space. In a separate wing was an auditorium large enough to hold 2,000 people.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 169
Iowa Highway 25
Adjacent counties
Adair County (northwest)
Madison County (northeast)
Clarke County (east)
Ringgold County (south)
Adams County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 12,138 in the county, with a population density of . 96.37% of the population reported being of one race. 90.34% were non-Hispanic White, 0.97% were Black, 3.29% were Hispanic, 0.31% were Native American, 0.54% were Asian, 0.06% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.49% were some other race or more than one race. There were 5,784 housing units, of which 5,169 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 12,534 in the county, with a population density of . There were 5,937 housing units, of which 5,271 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 12,309 people, 5,242 households, and 3,354 families residing in the county. The population density was 29 people per square mile (11/km2). There were 5,657 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.44% White, 0.23% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.32% from other races, and 0.58% from two or more races. 1.02% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,242 households, out of which 27.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.10% were married couples living together, 8.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.00% were non-families. 31.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.87.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.30% under the age of 18, 8.70% from 18 to 24, 25.30% from 25 to 44, 24.00% from 45 to 64, and 18.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 92.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,905, and the median income for a family was $41,453. Males had a median income of $27,700 versus $20,760 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,690. About 7.40% of families and 11.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.80% of those under age 18 and 9.30% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Afton
Arispe
Creston
Cromwell
Lorimor
Shannon City
Thayer
Unincorporated communities
Talmage
Townships
Dodge
Douglas
Grant
Highland
Jones
Lincoln
New Hope
Platte
Pleasant
Sand Creek
Spaulding
Union
Census-designated place
Kent
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Union County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Union County, Iowa
References
External links
Union County website
City-Data Comprehensive Statistical Data and more about Union County
1853 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1853
Droitwich Road railway station served the town of Droitwich Spa, Worcestershire, England, from 1840 to 1855 on the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway.
History
The station was opened as Droitwich on 24 June 1840 by the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway. Its name was changed to Droitwich Road on 10 February 1852. It closed on 1 October 1855.
References
Disused railway stations in Worcestershire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1840
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1855
1840 establishments in England
1855 disestablishments in England
The Canon EOS-1D C is an 18.1-megapixel CMOS digital single-lens reflex camera (digital SLR) made by Canon in the Cinema EOS range. It shares many features with the Canon EOS 1D X. It was publicly announced on April 12, 2012, and was released in March 2013 with suggested retail price of (body only). The Canon EOS-1D C is stated to be the world's first 4K resolution DSLR camera.
The 1D C has a full frame sensor but uses an APS-H-sized portion to record 4K resolution (4096 x 2160 pixels) video at 24p and 25p without downscaling in Y'CbCr 4:2:2 format. The pixel size of the sensor is 6.95 μm and records 4K in 8-bit 4:2:2 using Motion JPEG. The other modes in 8-bit 4:2:0, using MPEG-4 AVC/H.264 IBP or ALL-I format. Uncompressed video over HDMI up to 1080p is also possible.
In November 2013, Canon announced that the 1D C was the first DSLR to meet the European Broadcasting Union HD Tier 1 requirements for use in HD broadcast production.
In an interview in February 2016, Canon Product Manager Roger Machin announced that the 1D C would be succeeded by the 1D X Mark II; however, the 1D X Mk II lacks the unlimited recording, and log gamma found on the 1D C.
Features
The Canon EOS-1D C can use more than sixty interchangeable Canon lenses, and features the Canon Log Gamma, by which an estimated preview of footage after grading helps the videographer with focusing and determining exposure whilst retaining maximum latitude in captured image data. An ISO setting range from 50 to 204,800 can be selected automatically or adjusted manually. The camera also allows the user to view the LCD screen while the HDMI port is in use on an external device and includes a headphone jack. The 1D C shares the same battery that is used in the EOS-1D X, the LP-E4N. Like all Canon DSLR full frame cameras, the 1D does not feature a built-in flash. EOS Utility and Picture Style Editor software is included in the purchase of the product which enables the user to adjust several settings from a computer. Like the Canon EOS 5D Mark III and Canon EOS-1D X, the camera features 61 autofocus points, which are assisted by a 100,000-pixel metering sensor. The camera's viewfinder has an estimated magnification of .76x and 100% field of view. Remote control from computer is possible using the built-in USB or Ethernet connector.
The camera can be operated remotely with a Canon WFT-E6A Wireless File Transmitter, allowing an external web enabled device to control the camera. The WFT-E6A Wireless File Transmitter unit also enables Bluetooth v2.1 +EDR, to embed GPS location data into files.
Accessories
According to Canon's website, the EOS 1D C model comes equipped with:
EOS-1D C Body
Eyecup E.g.
LP-E4N Battery Pack
LC-E4N Battery Charger
Cable Protector and Clamp
Stereo AV Cable (AVC-DC400ST)
USB Interface Cable (model IFC-200U)
Wide Camera Strap L7
Known defects
Canon issued a product advisory indicating that in some units, due to insufficient lubrication within the camera's driving mechanism, "the autofocus searches but does not lock in on the subject" and "the image shown in the viewfinder is "blurry" or "not steady". Any bodies sold with the issue have been recalled by Canon.
Other
On February 1, 2015, Canon reduced the price of the Eos 1D C model by $4,000 from the current price of $11,999 to $7,999. On December 13, 2016, Canon reduced the price of the Eos 1D C model once again by another $3,000 from the current price of $7,999 to $4,999.
See also
Canon EOS-1D X
Canon EOS 5D Mark III
Uncompressed video
References
External links
EOS-1D C Cinema EOS Cameras
Canon EOS-1D C first digital SLR camera to meet EBU HD Tier 1 imaging requirements for broadcast production November 12, 2013, Canon Inc.
1D C
Digital movie cameras
Cameras introduced in 2013
Full-frame DSLR cameras
Angola–India relations refers to the international relations that exist between Angola and India.
India has an embassy in Luanda. Angola has an embassy in New Delhi.
History
India supported the Angolan freedom struggle against Portuguese colonial rule until Angola gained independence in 1975. Since then India has maintained close ties to MPLA (Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola). India officially established diplomatic relations with Angola in 1985. India is a founding member of the Non-Aligned Movement, and Angola joined the organization in 1976.
There have been several visits by the leaders of the two countries. Rajiv Gandhi became the first Indian Prime Minister to visit Angola in May 1986. José Eduardo dos Santos became the first Angolan President to visit India in April 1987. Angolan Foreign Minister João Bernardo de Miranda visited India in May 2006 and signed a protocol on foreign office consultations. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met with President Santos on the sidelines of the 35th G8 summit at L'Aquila, Italy on 10 July 2009. Prime Minister Narendra Modi met with President João Lourenço on the sidelines of the 10th BRICS summit in Johannesburg, South Africa on 26 July 2018.
Angola and India signed an agreement on 30 January 2017 to establish a bilateral commission. The first India-Angola Joint Commission Meeting was co-chaired virtually by Foreign Ministers S. Jaishankar and Tete António on 7 September 2020. The two sides conducted a comprehensive review of bilateral relations and agreed to diversify trade relations particularly in the areas of health, pharmaceuticals, defence, agriculture, food processing, digitization and telecom. Three MoUs on health, training and visa facilitation were signed during the meeting.
Angola supports India's candidacy for a permanent seat in a reformed United Nations Security Council. Angola voted for India's election to the UNSC's non-permanent seat for 2021–22.
Economic relations
Indian companies are involved in the retail, hospitality, agriculture, plastics, scrap metal, steel, trading, garments, real estate and other sectors in Angola. The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry sent delegations to Angola in November 2013 and May 2014 respectively. The first collaborative business event between the two countries, called "Business Opportunities between India and Angola", was jointly organized by the Angola-India Chamber of Commerce, CII, and the Agency of Private Investment, Promotion and Exporters (AIPEX) on 3 September 2020. The Embassy of India in Luanda, in cooperation with the Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council of India (GJEPC) and the Angola-India Chamber of Commerce, organized a conference on 3 December 2020 attended by delegates from the Angolan state-owned diamond companies Endiama and Sodiam, and private companies from India.
Angola and India signed an MoU on cooperation in the oil and gas sector in October 2010 in New Delhi. Engineers India was involved in the construction of the Lobito oil refinery.
Trade
India is Angola's 3rd largest trading partner, and accounts for about 10% of Angola's total exports. Angola is the second largest African exporter of oil to India, after Nigeria. Crude oil forms the bulk of Angola's exports to India and as a result the value of bilateral trade is heavily dependent on oil prices. Bilateral trade between Angola and India reached a peak of US$7.16 billion in 2012–13, driven primarily by high oil prices, but declined to $3.93 billion in 2019–20.
Development assistance
The Indian Foreign Ministry gifted ambulances manufactured by Mahindra & Mahindra to the Government of Angola as a goodwill gesture in December 2005. India extended a $40 million line of credit (LOC) to Angola for the rehabilitation of the Moçâmedes Railway in 2005. The Exim Bank of India provided three LOCs worth $28.8 million for agricultural equipment and Indian tractors. The State Bank of India, which opened its representative office in Luanda in April 2005, also extended commercial lines of credit of US$15.8 million for the supply of tractors and the importing of capital equipment from India. The Government of India extended a $30 million LOC to set up an industrial park and a $15 million LOC to establish a cotton ginning and spinning plant in Angola in 2008–09. In June 2012, the Exim Bank provided a $23 million LOC for supply of tractors, implements and related spares.
India offered Angola a line of credit of $100 million in May 2021 for the purchase of naval boats, interceptor craft, and construction of naval vessels and slipways.
Citizens of Angola are eligible for scholarships under the Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation Programme (ITEC) and the Indian Council for Cultural Relations.
Indians in Angola
There were around 3,500 Indians living in Angola as of July 2021. The community primarily works in offshore oil fields, catering, supermarkets, trading and other services, and in industries dealing in plastics, metal, steel and garments.
See also
Indian Embassy in Angola
References
External links
Embassy of India, Luanda
Embassy of Angola in India
India
Bilateral relations of India
Africa–India relations
Polyortha myoxa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1984
Polyortha
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
1. FC Neubrandenburg 04 is the German football club based in Neubrandenburg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, playing in the 2019-20 Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (VI).
History
The earliest forerunner of 1. FC Neubrandenburg 04 was founded in 1947, as SG Fritz Reuter Neubrandenburg, which became BSG Energie Neubrandenburg in 1950 and BSG Turbine Neubrandenburg in 1952. Turbine Neubrandenburg reached the second tier DDR-Liga of East Germany in the 1954–55 season, and 10 years later, as SC Neubrandenburg, even played one season in the top-flight DDR-Oberliga. From 1965 until 1990, the club was known as BSG Post Neubrandenburg, and MSV Post Neubrandenburg and SV Post Telekom Neubrandenburg after German reunification. Until 1999, the club was known as FC Neubrandenburg when it became FC Tollense Neubrandenburg after a merger with SV Tollense Neubrandenburg, and finally in 2004, the club was created as 1. FC Neubrandenburg 04. The club played in the fifth tier NOFV-Oberliga Nord, having been promoted as 2010–11 Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (VI) champions, but withdrew at the end of the 2015–16 season, because of insolvency.
Summary of previous names
1947–1950 SG Fritz Reuter Neubrandenburg
1950–1952 BSG Energie Neubrandenburg
1952–1961 BSG Turbine Neubrandenburg
1961–1965 SC Neubrandenburg
1965–1990 BSG Post Neubrandenburg
1990–1991 MSV Post Neubrandenburg
1991–1993 SV Post Telekom Neubrandenburg
1993–1999 FC Neubrandenburg
1999–2004 FC Tollense Neubrandenburg
since 2004 1. FC Neubrandenburg 04
Honours
The club's honours:
Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
Champions: 2011
Runners-up: 2010
Landesliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Ost
Champions: 2006
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Cup
Winners: 1992, 2014
Stadium
1. FC Neubrandenburg 04 plays its home fixtures at the 2,500 capacity Ligaplatz am Jahnstadion.
References
External links
1. FC Neubrandenburg 04
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Association football clubs established in 2004
2004 establishments in Germany
Neubrandenburg
Works association football clubs in Germany
José Ferreira Queimado (23 December 1913 – 23 December 2007) was the 25th president of Portuguese sports club S.L. Benfica.
Born in Olhalvo, Ferreira Queimado served as president of Benfica on two occasions: between 17 June 1966 and 3 July 1967, and between 26 May 1977 and 29 May 1981. During his second tenure, he inaugurated Benfica's swimming pool in 1978 and started the construction of the club's second pavilion (now demolished), also known as Pavilhão Borges Coutinho. During Ferreira Queimado's presidency, Benfica's football team won two Primeira Liga titles (1966–67, 1980–81) and started to use foreign players in 1978. For the services rendered to the club (as associate number 261), he was granted the rank of Merit Associate in 1970 and was awarded Águia de Ouro (Golden Eagle) by the club in 1980. He died on his 94th birthday.
References
1913 births
2007 deaths
People from Alenquer
S.L. Benfica presidents
Portuguese football chairmen and investors
Portuguese sportspeople
20th-century Portuguese businesspeople
Gravelly Beach is a locality and small rural community in the local government area of West Tamar, in the Western Tamar Valley region of Tasmania. It is located about north-west of the town of Launceston. The Tamar River forms the eastern boundary. The 2016 census determined a population of 567 for the state suburb of Gravelly Beach.
History
The locality was originally known (in 1910) as Sallaby.
Road infrastructure
The C728 route (Gravelly Beach Road) runs east from the West Tamar Highway and passes through the locality from south-east to north-west, providing access to several other localities.
References
Localities of West Tamar Council
Towns in Tasmania
NMB Bank Limited, previously known as National Merchant Bank of Zimbabwe Limited, is a commercial bank in Zimbabwe. It is licensed by the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, the central bank of that country and the national banking regulator.
Location
The headquarters of this bank and its main branch, are located on the First Floor of Unity Court, at the corner of Kwame Nkrumah Avenue and First Street, in Harare, the capital and largest city of Zimbabwe. The geographical coordinates of the headquarters of NMB Bank Limited are:17°49'40.0"S, 31°02'56.0"E (Latitude:-17.827778; Longitude:31.048889).
Overview
The bank is a medium-sized financial services institution, that serves large corporations, small to medium enterprises (SMEs), as well as individuals. , the bank's total assets were valued at US$422.6 million, with shareholders' equity valued at US$65.65 million.
History
NMB Bank Limited was founded in 1993 by Zimbweans. At that time it was under the name National Merchant Bank of Zimbabwe. In June 1993, the bank was registered as an accepting house under the Banking Act. In 1997, the NMBZ Group was listed on the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange and simultaneously on the London Stock Exchange. In December 1999, NMB Bank was granted a commercial banking licence. It commenced commercial banking services in July 2000.
In 2013, FMO, Norfund and AfricInvest, jointly invested US$14.8 million in NMB Holdings Limited, the parent company of NMB Bank, for a collective shareholding of 27 percent.
Ownership
The bank is a 100% subsidiary of NMBZ Holdings Limited (NMBZ), a Zimbabwean investment and holding company. NMB Bank Limited is the principal subsidiary of NMBZ. The stock of the holding company is listed on the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange and on the London Stock Exchange. As of December 2017, the shareholding in the stock of the holding company is as illustrated in the table below:
Note:Arise BV is a special purpose vehicle company, formed in 2016 and co-owned by Norfund, FMO and Rabobank. Arise invests in African financial institutions.
Branch network
, the bank maintained a network of 14 branches.
See also
List of banks in Zimbabwe
Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe
Economy of Zimbabwe
References
Banks of Zimbabwe
Banks established in 1993
1993 establishments in Zimbabwe
Companies listed on the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange
Companies listed on the London Stock Exchange
The University of Mbandaka (UNIMBA) is a public university in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in the province of Equateur, in the city of Mbandaka. At its creation, it was an extension of the University of Kinshasa, then called "University Centre of Mbandaka (C.U.M.)". As of 2012 it had 800 students in six faculties. Instruction is in French.
History
The university was created on 1 October 2004 as Mbandaka Center University (C.U.M.), extension of the University of Kinshasa, and became autonomous in 2010 following Ministerial order No. 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK/PK/2010 on 27 September 2010.
References
Ministerial Decree No. 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK-PK-2010 September 27, 2010, on the empowerment of some extensions of the institutions of higher and university education (article 2 point 8)
Universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Mbandaka
Educational institutions established in 2004
2004 establishments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
The WACA Ground is a sport ground in Perth, Western Australia. The ground was established in 1893 and operated by the Western Australian Cricket Association. It hosted its first Test match in 1970 when Australia played England. The first One Day International (ODI) on the ground was played in 1980 and its first Twenty20 International (T20I) was played in 2007. Women's Test cricket was first played on the ground in 1958, the first womenare on the ground ODI was played in 2005 and the first women's T20I on the ground was played in 2020.
The last Test match was played on the ground in 2017 with major international matches moving to the modern Perth Stadium. The ground continues to be used by Western Australia and for women's international matches, hosting five matches in the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup.
In cricket, a five-wicket haul (also known as a "five-for" or "fifer") refers to a bowler taking five or more wickets in a single innings. This is regarded as a notable achievement. This article details the five-wicket hauls taken on the ground in official international Test and One Day International matches.
The first bowler to take a five-wicket haul in a Test match on the WACA Ground was Australian Jeff Thomson, who took five wickets at a cost of 93 runs (5/93) in 1974 against England in the second Test played on the ground. The best innings bowling figures in Test matches were achieved by Glenn McGrath who took 8/24 for Australia against Pakistan in 2004. The only woman to take a five-wicket haul on the ground is Australia's Ellyse Perry who took 5/28 in a Test match in 2014. The first five-wicket haul in an ODI on the ground was taken by New Zealander Richard Hadlee who took 5/32 against India in the first ODI played on the ground in 1980.
Key
Test match five-wicket hauls
A total of 61 five-wicket hauls were taken in Test matches on the WACA Ground, 60 of them in men's matches and one in a women's Test.
Men's matches
Women's matches
One Day International five-wicket hauls
In One Day International matches on the ground a total of 12 five-wicket hauls were taken.
Notes
References
External links
International five-wicket hauls at WACA Ground, CricInfo
Australian cricket lists
WACA Ground
The third season of Prison Break, an American serial drama television series, commenced airing in the United States on September 17, 2007, on Mondays at 8:00 pm (EST) on Fox. Prison Break is produced by Adelstein-Parouse Productions, in association with Rat Entertainment, Original Film and 20th Century Fox Television. The season contains 13 episodes, and concluded on February 18, 2008. The season was shorter than the previous two due to the Writer's Guild strike.
Prison Break revolves around two brothers: one who has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit and his younger sibling, a genius structural engineer, who devises an elaborate plan to help him escape prison. The two brothers escape prison in the first season, but are hunted down during the second season and ultimately Michael is recaptured and sent to a Panamanian jail, Penitenciaría Federal de Sona, at the end of the second season. The third season revolves around Michael's breakout from Sona with several other inmates.
For the season, three characters are removed, and four new characters are added as series regulars. Filming continued to take place in Dallas, Texas.
Cast
Main characters
Dominic Purcell as Lincoln Burrows
Wentworth Miller as Michael Scofield
Amaury Nolasco as Fernando Sucre
Wade Williams as Brad Bellick
Robert Knepper as Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell
Chris Vance as James Whistler
Robert Wisdom as Norman "Lechero" St. John
Danay Garcia as Sofia Lugo
Jodi Lyn O'Keefe as Gretchen Morgan
William Fichtner as Alexander Mahone
Recurring characters
Episodes
Reception
The third season of Prison Break received positive reviews. In their season review, IGN wrote, "With so much going against it, this shortened third season of Prison Break could have been disastrous. But instead, the writers managed to not only salvage the season, but tell a tightly woven, compelling and action-packed story" and gave it an 8.5 out of 10.
Production
Filming
Unlike many other TV shows, Prison Break was primarily filmed outside of Hollywood. The first season was primarily shot in and around Chicago, Illinois. During the second season, filming was moved to Dallas, Texas. Filming for the third season continued to be done in Dallas, but the price tag increased to about $3 million per episode. Several of the exterior scenes with Lincoln and Gretchen negotiating the escape from the Panama jail were shot in the Casco Viejo quarter of Panama City.
Home media release
References
External links
Prison Break
Prison Break episodes
2007 American television seasons
2008 American television seasons
Television shows set in Panama
Abraham Lincoln "Link" Artz (March 26, 1865 – January 2, 1916) was an American football player and coach. He was an 1888 graduate of Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire. He played lettered as a halfback for the Dartmouth football team in 1886 and 1887. Artz served as the head football coach at Otterbein University in 1891, compiling a record of 2–1. His tenure included a season-opening victory over Ohio State.
References
External links
1865 births
1916 deaths
19th-century players of American football
American football halfbacks
Dartmouth Big Green football players
Otterbein Cardinals football coaches
People from Germantown, Ohio
Players of American football from Ohio
Analog signature analysis is electronic component and circuit board troubleshooting technique which applies a current-limited AC sinewave across two points of an electronic component or circuit.
The resulting current/voltage waveform is shown on a signature display using vertical deflection for current and horizontal deflection for voltage. This unique analog signature represents the overall health of the part being analyzed. By comparing the signatures of known good circuit boards to those of suspect boards, faulty nets and components can be quickly identified.
Analog Signature Analysis relies on a change in electrical characteristics to detect problems on a circuit board.
Other terms
ATE diagnostics
Power off nodal impedance test
Power-off testing
Tracker signature analysis
VI testing
VI curves
Voltage-versus-current display
V/I trace test
Typical equipment
Flying probe
Octopus
VI interceptor
V/I curve tracer
Voltage/current curve tracer
Hardware testing
Nondestructive testing
"Hannah Banana" is the fifth episode of the eighth season of the American animated television series Family Guy. It originally aired on Fox in the United States on November 8, 2009. The episode follows Stewie Griffin after he sneaks backstage at a Miley Cyrus concert in Quahog, eventually discovering her horrible secret. Meanwhile, Chris Griffin proves to his family that the Evil Monkey who lives in his closet is actually real, and eventually comes to realize that the monkey is actually friendly, well-spoken and intelligent, when he begins spending more time with him than his own father.
First announced at the 2009 San Diego Comic-Con International, the episode was written by Cherry Chevapravatdumrong and directed by John Holmquist. It received mixed reviews from critics for its storyline and cultural references. According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 7.73 million homes in its original airing. The episode aired during an "all-Seth MacFarlane" line-up, along with the live-action special Seth and Alex's Almost Live Comedy Show, and featured a guest performance by Candace Marie, along with several recurring guest voice actors for the series. "Hannah Banana" was released on DVD along with seven other episodes from the season on June 15, 2010.
Plot
Chris does poorly on a test at school and blames the Evil Monkey living in his closet. Later, Stewie, a self-proclaimed Hannah Montana fan, learns that Miley Cyrus is having a concert in Quahog. Tickets to the show are sold out, leaving him unable to attend the show. Brian makes fun of Stewie for watching Hannah Montana, but seeing him cry about not being able to attend the show is not enough to persuade him to help Stewie get tickets, but he concedes when Stewie blackmails him by killing one of his brothers with an explosive dog collar and threatens to kill the other seven dogs from the litter.
Chris sets up a camera in his room to capture the monkey. However, when that fails, Chris lures the monkey into a trap with free monkey food and catches him. The family is taken aback when Chris proves the monkey is real, but are less impressed by Meg showing her own evil albeit larger monkey, accusing her of mocking Chris. However, Chris's monkey turns out not to be evil after all, as he reveals that he got home from work one day and caught his wife cheating on him. Depressed after the divorce, which cost him his job and his house, he moved into Chris's closet until he got back on his feet and has lived there for nine years. The monkey also reveals that the scary expression is the face he makes when thinking, the reason for him trembling was due to suffering from copper deficiency, and this whole time, he had really been trying to talk to Chris (pointing at him was his only way at trying to start a conversation with him). The monkey apologises to Chris for terrorizing him and wishes to start over, even if he did not mean it that way. Chris is at first unconvinced, but when the monkey helps him write a book report, he is surprised to receive a passing grade, and the two become great friends. Chris realizes that the monkey has spent more time with him than his dad Peter.
Brian and Stewie sneak in backstage at the concert and are confronted by Miley. Brian explains that Stewie has a "tumor" shaped head like a football, which convinces Miley to let them hang out with her. Miley and Stewie become best friends. While having ice cream with Miley, Stewie notices a signal interference on her cell phone when handing it to her. Upon spying on her, Stewie and Brian discover that she is actually an android after seeing an employee insert a USB drive in the control panel on Miley's back. They both realized that Miley was created by Walt Disney Imagineering to be the perfect teen idol that can never fail. When a curious Brian asks if she can have sex, Stewie agrees to reprogram Miley. It goes wrong and only causes Miley to malfunction, forcing Stewie and Brian to run away.
Peter and Chris fight, which upsets Lois. The monkey tries to convince Peter and Chris into coming to dinner together. Peter admits that he does not hate Chris and vows to spend more time with him. They see Brian and Stewie running away from the malfunctioning Miley who rampages through the streets of Quahog, throwing cars and destroying buildings. The monkey confronts her, telling her to stop and adding he does not just mean the rampage; he means the show and music because he considers it awful; in retaliation, Miley ends up kidnapping the monkey and takes him to the top of a nearby skyscraper. Fortunately, Peter is able to recruit Quagmire to help him shoot her down in a biplane, and a King Kong-style battle with Miley begins. As Miley is riddled with shots, the monkey falls out of her hands and he grips onto a narrow ledge with one hand. Miley is pummelled off the top of the skyscraper. The monkey falls off the ledge but is saved by Peter just before he hits the road. As they stand beside Miley's motionless android body on the ground, Stewie tells Brian that this is his chance have sex with her, but her body then explodes. Stewie apologizes, but Miley's dismembered robotic arm falls back out of the sky in front of them and Brian contemplates masturbating with it. After saying goodbye to Chris, the monkey moves out of the closet to Tom Tucker's upside-down-faced son Jake's closet to help Tom and Jake work through their relationship.
Production and development
"Hannah Banana" was written by series regular Cherry Chevapravatdumrong and directed by John Holmquist, before the conclusion of the eighth production season. Commenting on the original development of the episode, series creator and executive producer Seth MacFarlane stated, " was the result of our ongoing desire to let the series stagnate, and kind of evolve things that may have run their course. There's only so many times you can do the Evil Monkey jumping out of that closet, before the joke gets old, and I think often times there's a fear to mess with what works, and change things permanently. ... We literally retired the Evil Monkey in this episode, and got a great episode out of it, which was worth it, and kind of evolved the series in a way." Singer and actress Candace Marie provided the voice of Miley Cyrus. Marie received the role when her producer alerted her of the audition, and she eventually received a call from the Family Guy casting director a month later. Even though the episode mocked Cyrus, Marie did not think she would upset any of Cyrus' fans. She added that she is a fan herself, and "was very impressed by the way Family Guy developed the episode", and thought it was "a huge compliment for them to refer to Miley as the 'perfect popstar. After voicing Cyrus, Marie was called back to Family Guy to voice Meg Griffin's friend Beth for "several upcoming episodes". Marie described Beth as a girl that is "rarely addressed in conversation but loves to chime in whenever she can". The song in the episode sung by Cyrus was written by Chevapravatdumrong, and composed and performed by Family Guy composer Walter Murphy.
The episode aired as a part of an "all-Seth MacFarlane" line-up, after the episode "Brian's Got a Brand New Bag" and the live-action special Seth and Alex's Almost Live Comedy Show. "Hannah Banana", along with the seven other episodes from Family Guys eighth season, were released on a three-disc DVD set in the United States on June 15, 2010. The sets included brief audio commentaries by Seth MacFarlane and various crew and cast members for several episodes, a collection of deleted scenes, a special mini-feature which discussed the process behind animating "Road to the Multiverse", and mini-feature entitled Family Guy Karaoke. In addition to the regular cast, series regular, writer and executive producer Danny Smith voiced the Evil Monkey. Recurring guest voice actors Chris Cox, actor Ralph Garman, writer Alec Sulkin and writer John Viener made minor appearances throughout the episode.
Cultural references
In the opening scene of the episode, Chris alerts his parents of a failing grade he received at school on a science test, causing his mother to suggest he receive help on his homework. Chris then asks his father, Peter, for help who ends up rejecting him, leading Chris to blame his bad grades on the Evil Monkey, and announces that he will prove the monkey is real. Peter then suggests that his son would have to do a better job than God when he created actresses Ellen Barkin and Kelly McGillis.
Later that day, Stewie is shown watching television in the family room, with a narrator announcing a Hannah Montana marathon, as well as a concert in Quahog, Rhode Island, causing him to become excited. A scene from an episode of Hannah Montana is then shown, featuring Miley Cyrus, as well as her father, singer-songwriter Billy Ray Cyrus.
Deciding to sneak into the concert, Brian agrees to dress as rapper Kanye West, and is forced to sing one of his songs by a security guard. Despondent, Brian then begins singing the theme song to 1972 NBC sitcom Sanford and Son. The scene is not shown on TV; Stewie and Brian sneak into the concert in the televised version.
As the monkey begins bonding with the family, including having a conversation about actress and comedian Sarah Silverman, Chris realizes how much he actually likes the monkey. Deciding to help Chris on his homework, the monkey scraps a lame attempt by Chris to write an essay about the 1951 novel The Catcher in the Rye by American author J. D. Salinger, and instead writes an A+ essay titled, "The Slave Trade Allegory of Curious George". The two then begin their own personal bonding, and eventually decide to go fishing, leading Chris to catch the comic book superhero Aquaman, before beating him to death and eating him.
In the conclusion of the episode, Miley Cyrus begins destroying downtown Quahog, causing the monkey to attempt to stop and reason with her. Not realizing that Stewie had unsuccessfully reprogrammed her, the monkey is then kidnapped, and taken to the top of a nearby skyscraper, in a parody of the 1933 film King Kong. Cyrus is then shot down by Quagmire and Peter while piloting a biplane, before the two rescue the monkey from certain death. After being shot during several passes, Miley's robotic skeleton is partially revealed, making her resemble a T-800 from "Terminator".
Reception
In a slight improvement over the previous episode, the episode was viewed in 7.73 million homes in its original airing, according to Nielsen ratings, despite airing simultaneously with Sunday Night Football on NBC, The Amazing Race on CBS and Desperate Housewives on ABC. The episode also acquired a 4.0 rating in the 18–49 demographic, beating Seth & Alex's Almost-Live Comedy Show, The Cleveland Show and the Family Guy episode "Brian's Got a Brand New Bag", in addition to significantly edging out all three in total viewership.
Reviews of the episode from television critics were mostly mixed, who found it to be "a thorough examination of both Miley Cyrus and the evil monkey in Chris' closet", but, "things got ridiculous". Television critic Ahsan Haque of IGN gave the episode an 8.5 out of ten, and called it a "much better episode than "Brian's Got a Brand New Bag", with some clever sight gags, an annoyingly catchy musical number, and the revelation of the Evil Monkey's true reasons for hiding in Chris' closet". In a simultaneous review of all four MacFarlane programs, Emily VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club gave the episode a C− stating, "Turning Miley Cyrus into a Small Wonder parody was fitfully amusing, but the rest of the Hannah Montana material was ridiculously non-specific, filled with the kinds of jokes everyone made about Cyrus a few years ago." VanDerWerff praised the action sequence at the end of the episode, however, calling it "high quality stuff for the show". Jason Hughes of TV Squad stated of the Evil Monkey's role in the episode, "I don't think I ever wanted this character fully explored or seen by anyone else in the house ... The character lost some of its mystique and charm."
References
External links
2009 American television episodes
Family Guy (season 8) episodes
Television episodes about androids
N. orientalis may refer to:
Naticarius orientalis, a predatory sea snail species
Nicrophorus orientalis (disambiguation), a disambiguation page
Nocardia orientalis, now known as Amycolatopsis orientalis
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Raphitoma skylla is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Description
The length of the shell attains 7.5 mm.
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Mediterranean Sea off Sicily, Italy
References
Giannuzzi-Savelli R., Pusateri F. & Bartolini S. (2018). A revision of the Mediterranean Raphitomidae (Gastropoda: Conoidea) 5: loss of planktotrophy and pairs of species, with the description of four new species. Bollettino Malacologico. 54, supplement 11: 1-77. page(s): 35-36, figs 38-39B
External links
Biolib.cz: Raphitoma skylla
skylla
Gastropods described in 2018
An Inconvenient Penguin is a short film, released online in Amazon's UnBox store on August 11, 2008. The film is a spoof of An Inconvenient Truth and March of the Penguins. It was produced by Precipice Productions and stars Lance Reifschneider, Rasika Mathur, Jenny Mollen, and Eric Matikosh.
Plot
Penguins are invading the shores of California causing overcrowding, excessive warmth and increasing crabbiness in general. Senator Al Gore warns us of the impending doom and what we can do to change the threat.
Cast
Lance Reifschneider as Senator Algore
Eric Matikosh as Burnell Wallerstadt
Jenny Mollen as Dr. Gootentag
Rasika Mathur as Dr. Sumi
Frank Walton as Eddie
Catherine Lamb as Penny the Penguin
Monica Thomas as Dawn
Andrea Zepeda as Angelica
Lisa Wardell as Cayenne
Brianna Haynes as Sage
Markiece Palmer as Elston
Minh Nguyen as Muriko
Eddie Walton as Atticus
Original Score by Austin Haynes
"Waddle We Do" performed by JAYLA
External links
Amazon Link
Official website
Precipice Productions Website
2008 films
American parody films
2000s parody films
2008 short films
American comedy short films
2008 comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Radde's accentor (Prunella ocularis) is a species of bird in the family Prunellidae. It is found in mountainous parts of Yemen and northern Southwest Asia.
Its natural habitat is temperate grassland.
Taxonomy
Radde's accentor was described by the German naturalist Gustav Radde in 1884 from a specimen collected in the Talysh Mountains near the Azerbaijan-Iran border. He coined the binomial name Accentor ocularis. It is now placed in the genus Prunella that was introduced by the French ornithologist Louis Vieillot in 1816. The species is monotypic.
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of Radde's accentor
Radde's accentor
Birds of Azerbaijan
Birds of Western Asia
Radde's accentor
Radde's accentor
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Frontiers in Neuroendocrinology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of neuroendocrinology. It was established in 1980 and is published by Elsevier. The editor-in-chief is Liisa Galea (University of British Columbia).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 7.037.
References
External links
Neuroscience journals
Endocrinology journals
Elsevier academic journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1980
English-language journals
Andrzej Krakowski (born 1946) is a Polish-American film producer, screenwriter, and director. His production of a 10-episode dramatic TV series We Are New York, which was funded by and produced for the Mayor's Office of New York, won two Emmy Awards in 2010.
Early life
Krakowski was born in Warsaw in 1946. His father was at different times a high-ranking politician, head of national tourism, political prisoner, and finally, the production head of a government-owned film studio 'Kamera'. His mother, a radio journalist, had held several important international posts in her field. His maternal grandmother was a Polish revolutionary, killed in Auschwitz. Krakowski grew up surrounded by the powerful men of politics on the one hand, and the creative, often politically daring, geniuses of Polish cinema on the other. World-renowned artists, writers, and philosophers such as Diego Rivera, Pablo Picasso, Ilia Ehrenburg, Nazim Hikmet, Max Frisch, Pablo Neruda, Yves Montand and Leszek Kołakowski were just a few of the many guests at the Krakowski home.
Education
Krakowski received his education at the Polish National Film School in Łódź. He studied under several prominent film directors and worked as an intern assistant to Andrzej Wajda during the making of Ashes (1965). Attacked in the press after the March '68 student demonstrations, Krakowski was unexpectedly offered a scholarship in Hollywood. Shortly after his arrival in the U.S., he was stripped of Polish citizenship and forbidden to return to his homeland. In 2014 Krakowski received a Ph.D. from PWSFTviT (Polish National Film School) in Łódź.
Career
In 1970, alongside David Lynch, Terrence Malick, Paul Schrader and Jeremy Kagan, he became a producing auditor, and then fellow, at the American Film Institute. During this period he worked on and line-produced several films for his AFI colleagues: Terrence Malick's Lanton Mills, Richard Patterson's Open Window, Jeremy Kagan's Love Song by Charles Faberman and Oscar Williams' The Final Comedown, launching careers of such actors as Ron Rifkin and Billy Dee Williams. Some of those films attained a cult status and are being taught at American colleges as part of a film curriculum.
Upon completing his education Krakowski joined YASNY Productions, Inc. as head of production. Among films, he had green-lighted and supervised production of was the 1976 Oscar-nominated feature-length documentary California Reich. After leaving YASNY, he continued producing films with his own Filmtel, Inc, including Portrait of a Hitman, starring Rod Steiger and Jack Palance, and White Dragon, with Christopher Lloyd and Dee Wallace Stone. The latter was the first co-production between CBS Films and Perspektywa, a Polish government-owned studio. In less than three years, Filmtel grew from a small production company into an international production and distribution conglomerate with offices in Los Angeles, New York, London, and Sydney. Expanding into television, Filmtel co-financed and distributed such successful TV shows as The Richard Simmons Show (for 4 years #1 daily-strip show in the country) and Showtime's XIV International Championship of Magic, hosted by the legendary Tony Randall.
After selling Filmtel, Krakowski returned to his first love, and today his screenwriting credits include: Triumph of the Spirit, starring Willem Dafoe and Edward James Olmos, Eminent Domain, with Donald Sutherland and Anne Archer, Tides of War, a vehicle for Ernest Borgnine and David Soul, Genghis Khan with Charlton Heston, Ogniem i Mieczem (With Fire and Sword), the highest-grossing film in Poland, as well as Managua, with Louis Gossett, Jr and Assumpta Serna in the lead. Facing the loss of his wife to breast cancer, Krakowski wrote, produced and directed a feature-length documentary The Politics of Cancer, which received theatrical distribution in the U.S., and were shown at the Cannes, Palm Springs and Santa Barbara Film Festivals.
During 1997-2002 Krakowski, aside from his creative work, became a co-founder and Chief Creative Officer of two successful television networks: the first dual-platform (over-the-air and satellite) in Central Europe NaszaTV (now Scripps Networks) and the first US Internet TV network (ForeignTV.com) in New York.
In the first decade of 2000, Krakowski produced and directed a feature film based on a popular comic book, Campfire Stories, which has been sold to over 35 countries; a hit stage musical in Tokyo Felix The Cat's Musical Journey; a feature-length docudrama Farewell To My Country, chronicling the expulsion of the last Polish Jews from their homeland in 1968, and several commercials for Mercedes and BWIA airlines featuring Geoffrey Holder.
Krakowski's feature film, Looking for Palladin, was shot in Antigua, Guatemala. The cast includes such veteran American actors as Ben Gazzara, Talia Shire, David Moscow and Vincent Pastore, as well as Latin American stars such as Angélica Aragón, Pedro Armendáriz Jr., Roberto Díaz Gomar and the Morales Brothers. The film won several awards at international film festivals such as Best Feature Film at the Queens International Film Festival; Best Feature Film and Best Ensemble Cast at the Orlando Hispanic Film Festival, and Best Production at the Napa/Sonoma International Film Festival." It was released theatrically in 2010-11. Krakowski's latest production, Pollywood, a feature-length documentary directed by Paweł Ferdek, won an award at Krakow International Film Festival in 2020 and is being shown on HBO Europe and HBO+.
Krakowski's latest TV production, a 10-episode dramatic TV series titled We Are New York, was nominated for four and won two Emmy Awards in 2010.
In 2018, Krakowski wrote a play, Rejwach, and directed it at the National Jewish Theater in Warsaw, Poland.
Krakowski is the author of several books, among them: Pollywood: How Poles Created Hollywood; Pollywood II: Escapees In Paradise; Bronislaw Kaper: From The Beginning to The End; The World Through The Eye of a Screenwriter, and the bi-lingual Polish Oscars: What, Who, How Many, How and Why?. He is also a contributing co-author of the New York Times bestseller No Better Friend.
Krakowski is a published cartoonist, whose work appeared in Business of Film, Foreign Confidential and Reunion '68. A retrospective exhibition, consisting of 366 drawings took place during the Festival of 4 Cultures in 2016. A bi-lingual album Hole in the Whole/Dziura w calym was published in 2017.
Krakowski is one of the founders of the highly regarded (5 students Oscars within its first 8 years) SUNY-Purchase film program. He is currently a tenured professor and the former Chair of Media & Communication Arts Department at the City College of New York, where he teaches film directing, screenwriting, production, and critical studies.
Filmography
Smierc powstanca - 1966
Wolnosc wyboru - 1967
Przechodniu uwazaj - 1967
Lanton Mills - 1969
Frankenstein in a Fishbowl - 1970
The Open Window - 1970
The Wedding Was Beautiful, People Were Crying - 1972
The Final Comedown - 1972
Love Song by Charles Faberman - 1972
The California Reich - 1975
Jimbuck - 1977
Crack Ups - 1984
Womenspeak - 1984
International Championship of Magic - 1985
Bialy Smok - 1986
What Has Four Wheels and Flies - 1986
Hollywood Theater of Magic - 1986
Legend of a White Horse - 1986
Triumph of the Spirit - 1989
Tides of War - 1990
Eminent Domain - 1990
Genghis Khan - 1991
Tribute to Dr. Sabin - 1993
The Politics of Cancer - 1995
King David - 1996 (Theater)
Managua - 1996
NaszaTV - Agnes Live! - 1997 (90 segments)
Ogniem i mieczem - 1999
ForeignTV.com - 1999 (150 segments)
Medium4.com - 2000 (200 segments)
Campfire Stories - 2001
Felix the Cat Musical Journey - 2001 (Theater)
Flo Fox's Dictology - 2002
Geoffrey Holder: The Unknown Side - 2002
Farewell to my Country - 2003
Stroke of Genius - 2006
Andrzej Wajda: Man of Marble - 2006
Andrzej Wajda: Man of Iron - 2006
Looking for Palladin - 2009
We Are New York - 2010 (10 segments)
Mayer & Co. - 2014 (Theater):
Rejwach - 2018 (Theater)
Rejwach - 2019 (Theater)
Pollywood - 2020
References
External links
IMDb Andrzej Krakowski
Living people
English-language film directors
Film people from Warsaw
Polish film directors
Polish film producers
Polish screenwriters
Łódź Film School alumni
1946 births
Polish emigrants to the United States
Aljoša Žorga (born 25 February 1947) is a former Slovenian basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was inducted into the Slovenian Athletes Hall of Fame, in 2012.
References
1947 births
Living people
Basketball players at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Slovenian men's basketball players
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Competitors at the 1967 Mediterranean Games
FIBA World Championship-winning players
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Yugoslav men's basketball players
1970 FIBA World Championship players
Rasmus Nielsen (born September 8, 1990) is a Danish ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Herning Blue Fox of the AL-Bank Ligaen.
Nielsen competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Denmark men's national ice hockey team.
Career statistics
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Danish ice hockey defencemen
Accel World is a 2012 Sci-Fi Japanese anime television series based on the light novel series written by Reki Kawahara and illustrated by HiMA. The anime is produced by Sunrise and directed by Masakazu Obara with screenplay by Hiroyuki Yoshino.
Set in the year 2046, Neuro-Synchronization allows humans to virtually manipulate their five senses, where people can access the internet and enter virtual worlds via Neuro-Linkers. The series follows Haruyuki "Haru" Arita, a short, fat boy who has low self-esteem due to being bullied at school which Haru vents his frustrations in virtual world games. Haruyuki soon gets the attention of Kuroyukihime, the Student Council Vice-President who invites him into the "Accelerated World" called Brain Burst, a program that allows users to make time appear to stand still in their surroundings by "accelerating" their brainwaves in the real world. But in order to gain more points to accelerate, Brain Burst users fight each other in a virtual reality massive multiplayer online (VRMMO) fighting game where losing all of your points means you can never use Brain Burst again. Grateful for helping him, Haruyuki vows to help Kuroyukihime defeat the "Six Kings of Color", the leaders of the most powerful factions in Brain Burst and obtain Level 10 to ultimately learn why the "Accelerated World" was created.
The anime's first two episodes pre-aired on Nico Nico Douga and officially aired in Japan on Tokyo MX and TV Saitama between April 7, 2012, and September 22, 2012. The series is licensed in North America by Viz Media, who simulcasted the series on Hulu and later began streaming an English-dubbed version on its Neon Alley service from April 19, 2013. For episodes 1–13, the opening theme song is "Chase the world" by May'n and the ending theme song is "unfinished" by KOTOKO feat. FripSide. For episodes fourteen onwards, the opening theme is "Burst the Gravity" by Altima while the ending theme is by Sachika Misawa. An original video animation episode was released with the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable video game, Accel World: Ginyoku no Kakusei, on September 13, 2012, with another OVA released with the second game, Accel World: Kasoku no Chōten, on January 31, 2013.
Episode list
OVAs
The following original video animation episodes are included with the video games Accel World: Ginyoku no Kakusei and Accel World: Kasoku no Chōten, released by Namco Bandai Games. The PlayStation 3 versions of the games feature the episode in Blu-ray Disc format, whilst the PlayStation Portable versions include the episode on DVD.
Achel World
The following bonus episodes tentatively titled Achel World are included on BD/DVD volumes of the series.
References
External links
Official game website
Accel World
Alan Coddington (27 November 1941 – 8 June 1982) was an English academic who made significant contributions to the field of economics in the areas of collective bargaining, Keynesian economics, and economic methodology.
Coddington was born in Doncaster, got his BSc degree in 1963 from Leeds University, and DPhil in 1966 from University of York. He took up teaching at the University of London, Queen Mary College, in 1966, where he remained until his death in London in 1982, aged just 40. At that institution, he built his reputation in the area of Keynesian Economics. His focus was on first principles, in which he added notable contributions to the Keynesian literature such as hydraulic Keynesianism, which established that there are stable macroeconomic flow inherent in the Keynesian system for its functioning in the policy area, without having to fall back on accounting flows.
Coddington methodological contribution to economics was based on positive economics, where his presentation of the propositions as Stylize Facts has help to popularize the methodology. He contribution in bargaining theory was not just to recite the Cournot or Nash behavioral assumptions in economics, but to seek new a new research program for the formation of agents action-reaction behavior.
References
Alan Coddington. (1968), Economics Theories of the Bargaining Process. Chicago: Aldine.
Alan Coddington. (1983), Keynesian Economics: The Search for First Principles. Allen and Unwin.
Alan Coddington. (1972), Positive Economics. Canadian Journal of Economics and Political Science., Vol. 5., No 1., pp. 1–16.
Source: (2004). The Biographical Dictionary of British Economists, edited by D. Rutherford, R. Backhouse et al., Continuum 2010. Online.
1941 births
1982 deaths
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
Alumni of the University of Leeds
Alumni of the University of York
English economists
The volleyball competition at the 2019 Games of the Small States of Europe was held at the Mediterranean Sport Center, Budva from 28 May to 1 June 2019. The beach volleyball competition was held at the Slovenska Plaza, Budva from 28 to 31 May 2019.
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
Men
Indoor
|}
|}
Women
Indoor
|}
|}
References
2019 Games of the Small States of Europe
Games of the Small States of Europe
2019
Volleyball in Montenegro
Budva
Georges Michel (12 January 1763 – 7 or 8 June 1843) was a French landscape painter. An important precursor of the Barbizon school, Michel was practically unknown during his lifetime, and worked as copyist and restorer.
Michel was born in Paris. His father was an employee at Les Halles, a large marketplace in the central part of the city. Michel's first patron, at a very early age, was a certain Monsieur de Chalue. His first painting teacher was one Leduc, a history painter, and later Michel studied under Nicolas-Antoine Taunay. Although he exhibited at the Paris Salon, he failed to achieve recognition and earned his living by working as copyist and restorer; he specialized in Dutch paintings and was helped in business by Élisabeth-Louise Vigée-Le Brun's husband.
Most of Michel's work concentrates on rural landscapes in the area around Paris. He was influenced by Dutch landscape painters such as Jacob van Ruisdael and Meindert Hobbema. Michel worked in oil and watercolor with equal facility. He was forgotten for decades after his death; the first large exhibition of his work was presented by the Parisian Jean Charpentier hotel, in 1927. Today his works are found in museums around the world, including The Metropolitan Museum of Art, Portland Art Museum, Vanderbilt University Gallery, Strasbourg Musée des Beaux-Arts, Victoria and Albert Museum, and many others.
References
Further reading
Chilvers, Ian. "Michel, Georges" in The Oxford Dictionary of Art, 2004.
Lanoë, Georges and Brice, Tristan. Histoire de l'école française de paysage (depuis le Poussin jusqu'à Millet), Paris: A. Charles, 1901.
Larguier, Léo. "Georges Michel (1763–1843)" in Les petits maîtres français, Delpeuch, Paris, 1927.
Sensier, Alfred. Étude sur Georges Michel, Paris: Lemerre, 1873.
External links
Works by Georges Michel (artcyclopedia.com)
Gallery of works by Georges Michel in French collections
French landscape painters
Artists from Paris
1763 births
1843 deaths
Svein Egil Solvang (born 1 May 1968) is a Norwegian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. He finished eighth in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
He resides in Flekkefjord.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1968 births
Living people
Norwegian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic canoeists of Norway
People from Flekkefjord
Sportspeople from Agder
Robert de Lisle, 1st Baron Lisle (20 January 1288 – 4 January 1344) was an English peer. He saw military service in Scotland, and fought at the Battle of Boroughbridge. After his wife's death, he joined the Franciscan order. He was the owner of the Lisle Psalter.
Life
Robert de Lisle, born 20 January 1288 at Campton, Bedfordshire, was the son of Sir Warin de Lisle (d. before 7 December 1296) and Alice de Montfort, daughter of Sir Peter de Montfort (d.1287) of Beaudesert Castle, Warwickshire, by Maud de la Mare, daughter of Sir Henry de la Mare.
He was a minor at his father's death in 1296. Having proved his age on 21 March 1310, he had livery of his father's lands five days later. On 18 July 1310, the King (Edward II) granted him livery of other manors, including the manor of Harewood in Yorkshire which his father had claimed after the death of Isabel de Forz.
He was summoned for military service, to a council, and to Parliament by writs directed Roberto de Insula or Roberto del Isle, [Both names meaning "of the island"], 'whereby he is held to have become Lord Lisle'. In 1312 he was granted a yearly fair at Shefford, Bedfordshire, near his manor of Campton. In 1313 he was among members of the court who he attended the King and Queen (Isabella of France) to Paris. In 1314 he was summoned for the campaign in Scotland in which the Bannockburn was fought, and in August of the following year was ordered to remain in the North for a winter campaign. He is recorded as being in the King's service in 1316–17. In November 1321 he was directed to refrain from attending a meeting of peers summoned by Thomas, 2nd Earl of Lancaster. In the following February he was ordered to bring his men to the King's aid, and on 16 March 1322 fought on the King's side at the Battle of Boroughbridge. In 1323 he was granted the wardship and marriage of Edmund Peverel, son and heir of Sir Robert Peverel. In 1324 he was summoned for service in an expedition to Gascony which did not go forward. In 1328 he made a pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela. In 1332 he was appointed to the commission of the peace in Cambridgeshire.
On 22 December 1336, in consideration of his 'enfeebled state', the King (Edward III) provided that he should not in future be compelled to aid the King in his wars, attend Parliament or councils, or be appointed to office; nonetheless, he was several times on commissions of the peace in Cambridgeshire until 15 March 1341, and was summoned to a council in February 1342.
His wife, Margaret, died in the summer of 1339 as he was about to travel to the continent on the King's service, and after her death he entered the Franciscan order, as a result of which, on 23 March 1342, his lands were taken into the King's hands. According to Cokayne, he 'appears to have been ordained priest'. He died 4 January 1344, and was buried in the choir of the Franciscan church in London.
He was the owner of an illuminated manuscript, the Lisle Psalter, now Arundel 83 in the British Library, given by him to his daughter Audrey, a nun, who stipulated that after her death it should go to her sister, Aubrey, also a nun, and after Aubrey's death to Chicksands Priory, which had been built on land given by the de Lisle family near their manor at Campton, Bedfordshire. The manuscript was owned by the antiquary Lord William Howard (d.1640), younger son of Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk (d.1572), who was likely responsible for binding the Lisle Psalter with the Howard Psalter and Hours.
Marriage and issue
He married, about 9 July 1301, Margaret de Beauchamp, daughter of Sir Walter de Beauchamp (d. 16 February 1303) of Alcester, Warwickshire, by Alice de Tony, daughter of Roger de Tony, by whom he had three sons and four daughters:
John de Lisle, 2nd Baron Lisle, who married Maud de Grey, daughter of Henry de Grey, 3rd Baron Grey of Wilton.
Robert de Lisle.
Thomas de Lisle.
Alice de Lisle, who married Sir Thomas de Seymour (c.1304 – before 13 July 1358) of Rode, Somerset, by whom she had no issue. According to Cokayne, she later married Robert Peverel, and died in 1349.
Elizabeth de Lisle, who married, before 1330 her father's ward, Sir Edmund de Peverel (born c. 29 September 1306 – 12 March 1331), son and heir of Sir Robert Peverel, by whom she had a son, John, and a daughter, Margaret.
Audrey de Lisle, who became a nun.
Aubrey de Lisle, who became a nun.
Notes
References
1288 births
1344 deaths
1
People from Central Bedfordshire District
Chengxu Temple (澄虚道院) is a Taoist temple located in Zhouzhuang which was built in 1086-1093 during the Song Dynasty. Also known as Sanctity Hall (Shengtang Hall) it is located on Zhongshi Street opposite Puqing Bridge in Zhouzhuang, After several periods of expansion, it grew into one of the most notable Taoist temples in Wuzhong. With an area of 1,500 square meters (1,800 square yards), it consists of simple but majestic Shengdi and Doumu halls, Yuhuang, Wenchang and Shengdi pavilions which are masterpieces of Taoist architecture.
References
External links
Chengxu Taoist Temple
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1093
Religious buildings and structures in Suzhou
Taoist temples in China
11th-century establishments in China
11th-century Taoist temples
is a railway station in Higashihiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Saijō Station is served by the San'yō Main Line.
Layout
The station has one side platform, one island platform and a station office located on ground level. The two platforms are connected by a footbridge.
Adjacent stations
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1894
Busch Properties, Inc. (BPI), is a corporation, which operates resort, residential and commercial properties in the United States. It was established in 1969 as a subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch, Inc. (AB), the largest brewing company in the United States, which is based in St. Louis, Missouri. BPI's four main functions include business park development, resort and residential development, corporate real estate and employee residential relocation for the parent company and other AB subsidiaries.
Busch Properties primarily develops and manages properties located on land near the parent company's brewery facilities, such as the Busch Corporate Center adjacent to the company's St. Louis brewery.
Notable among BPI developments were the Kingsmill Resort, the Kingsmill planned community residential development, Busch Office Park at McLaws Circle, and Busch Commerce Park, all located near the company's brewery in James City County near Williamsburg, Virginia. Busch Entertainment, another AB subsidiary, operates the Busch Gardens Williamsburg and Water Country USA theme parks nearby the James City brewery as well.
In 2008, Dun and Bradstreet reported annual gross sales of BPI as US$61 million.
On June 24, 2010 it was announced by Robin Carson, Executive VP with BPI, that BPI has decided not to exercise the option to bid for or extend its agreement to provide management services to the Kingsmill Community Services Association after December 31, 2010. This coupled with the InBev sale in October, 2009 of Busch Gardens Williamsburg, Water Country USA and eight other theme parks to Blackstone Group significantly reduces the amount of real estate BPI is managing.
The following month, in July 2010, it was announced that Busch Properties had entered into an agreement with Xanterra Parks and Resorts to purchase and operate the Kingsmill Resort. In 1968, Xanterra became the successor to the Fred Harvey Company initially established by entrepreneur Fred Harvey beginning in 1875. One of Xanterra's more famous locations is located at the Grand Canyon in Arizona. Xanterra (owned by Anschutz since 2008) has traditionally operated in national and state parks across the United States, especially in the Western regions. Other high-profile operations include Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming and Crater Lake National Park in Oregon. Owned by Denver-based billionaire Philip Anschutz since, 2008, prior to the Kingsmill announcement, Xanterra was operating about three dozen hotels and lodges with more than 5,000 guest rooms combined, with over 8,000 employees.
References
Anheuser-Busch
Companies based in St. Louis
Bernard Powszuk (born 2 March 1994) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Grom Nowy Staw.
Senior career
Powszuk began his career with Lechia Gdańsk. At Lechia he played a total of over 50 games for the second team, but failed to make an appearance for the Lechia first team. On 1 January 2016 he moved to Concordia Elbląg, with the intention of keeping Concordia in the division. After only being in the starting side for six months, he made a move to GKS Przodkowo before moving on to join KP Starogard Gdański in 2018.
References
1994 births
Living people
Polish footballers
Association football defenders
Lechia Gdańsk players
Lechia Gdańsk II players
III liga players
IV liga players
Poland youth international footballers
FC Volgar-Astrakhan Astrakhan () was a Russian football team from Astrakhan. It played in the Russian Second Division in the 2012–13 season.
Volgar-Astrakhan was the reserves team of FC Volgar Astrakhan.
External links
Official site
Association football clubs established in 1996
1996 establishments in Russia
Association football clubs disestablished in 2013
2013 disestablishments in Russia
Defunct football clubs in Russia
Sport in Astrakhan
FC Volgar Astrakhan
Zorica Ðurković (born 14 September 1957) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1957 births
Living people
Basketball players from Dubrovnik
Serbs of Croatia
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Serbian women's basketball players
ŽKK Crvena zvezda players
Yugoslav women's basketball players
Shooting guards
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Aeciospores are one of several different types of spores formed by Rusts.
They each have two nuclei and are typically seen in chain-like formations in the aecium.
References
Fungal morphology and anatomy
The 1904–05 Syracuse Orangemen men's basketball team represented Syracuse University during the 1904–05 college men's basketball season. The head coach was John A. R. Scott, coaching his second season with the Orangemen.
Roster
Clarence Houseknecht
Edmund Dollard
George Redlein
George Kirchgrasser
Art Powell
Max Rheil
John Stark
Charles Kinne
Arthur Brady
E. C. Parry
Source:
Schedule
|-
Source
References
External links
OrangeHoops.com recap of 1904–05 season
Syracuse
Syracuse Orange men's basketball seasons
Syracuse Orange Basketball Team
Syracuse Orange Basketball Team
Bahía del Carnero (Spanish: Bay of the Sheep) is a cove with little shelter on the coast of the Arauco Province, Bío Bío Region, Chile to the south of the Punta de Lavapié and north of Lebu at 37° 25' S. At its northern end it contains the mouth of Caleta Yani (Yani Creek) and at the southern end, the Caleta Ranquil where it is protected by the promontory of Millonhue. Its coast is low and little forested, and drains the Quiapo River.
It was given its name by the crew of the ship of the expedition of Francisco de Camargo, that visited it in March 1540, and obtained from the Indians there a "sheep", the name they gave to the chillihueque or domesticated guanaco. The Mapudungun name of this cove was Alauquén, from av, "end", and lauquen, "the sea".
Sources
Francisco Solano Asta-Buruaga y Cienfuegos, Diccionario geográfico de la República de Chile (Geographic dictionary of the Republic of Chile), SEGUNDA EDICIÓN CORREGIDA Y AUMENTADA, NUEVA YORK, D. APPLETON Y COMPAÑÍA, 1899. pg. 127. Carnero (Bahía del).
Landforms of Biobío Region
Carnero
Coasts of Biobío Region
Toxochitona is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
Species
Toxochitona ankole Stempffer, 1967
Toxochitona gerda (Kirby, 1890)
Toxochitona sankuru Stempffer, 1961
Toxochitona vansomereni (Stempffer, 1954)
References
Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 62
Poritiinae
Lycaenidae genera
The siege of Falaise took place in 1450 during the Hundred Years War when French forces laid siege to Falaise in the English-controlled Duchy of Normandy following their decisive victory at the Battle of Formigny.
References
Nicolle, David. The Fall of English France 1449–53. Bloomsbury Publishing, 2012.
1450 in England
1450s in France
Conflicts in 1450
Oak Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Herkimer in Herkimer County, northwest of Herkimer.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
The 2021–22 season was the 125th season in the existence of Udinese Calcio and the club's 27th consecutive season in the top flight of Italian football. In addition to the domestic league, Udinese participated in this season's edition of the Coppa Italia.
Players
Other players under contract
Features player not included in main roster.
Out on loan
Transfers
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 14 July 2021.
Coppa Italia
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Players transferred out during the season
References
Udinese Calcio seasons
Udinese
Kina can refer to:
Kina (animal), a sea urchin endemic to New Zealand
Kina (musician), American singer/songwriter, and former member of musical group Brownstone
Kina, an Italian music producer known for the single "Get You the Moon"
Kina (name), other people named "Kina"
Papua New Guinean kina, the currency of Papua New Guinea
Kina, the name of the People's Republic of China in Albanian, Greek, Danish, Norwegian, Macedonian, Serbo-Croatian, Icelandic, and Swedish languages
Kina, a character in The Black Company
Kina, a brand of candy from Fazer
KINA, a radio station in Salina, Kansas
See also
Photokina, a trade fair for the photographic and imaging industries in Cologne
Shari (; Dargwa: Шири) is a rural locality (a selo) in Uraginsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 80 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
It is located 12 km southwest of Urkarakh.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
HMS Springbok was an destroyer which served with the Royal Navy during World War I. The R class were an improvement on the preceding , including using geared steam turbines. Launched on 9 March 1917, the vessel operated as part of the Harwich Force on escort duties. In 1917, the destroyer, along with sister ship , captured the German merchant ships Brietzig and Pellworm. After the conflict, the destroyer initially was posted to the navy's torpedo school but was soon afterwards reduced to reserve. After less than ten years in service, Springbok was sold on 16 December 1926 and broken up.
Design and development
Springbok was one of eight destroyers ordered by the British Admiralty on 21 December 1915 as part of the Seventh War Construction Programme. The design was generally similar to the preceding destroyers, but differed in having geared steam turbines, the central gun mounted on a bandstand and minor changes to improve seakeeping.
The destroyer was long overall, with a beam of and a draught of . Displacement was . Power was provided by three Yarrow boilers feeding two Brown-Curtis geared steam turbines rated at . Each turbine drove a single shaft to give a design speed of . Three funnels were fitted. A total fuel load of of oil was carried, giving a design range of at .
Armament consisted of three Mk IV QF guns on the ship's centreline, with one on the forecastle, one aft on a raised platform and one between the funnels, and a single 2-pounder (40 mm) pom-pom anti-aircraft gun. Torpedo armament was four torpedo tubes in two twin rotating mounts aft, initially complemented by two tubes mounted either side of the superstructure. Soon into service, the two smaller calibre torpedoes were removed as they proved ineffectual. The ship had a complement of 82 officers and ratings.
Construction and career
Springbok was laid down by Harland and Wolff at Belfast with yard number 497. Construction was very swift, with the keel laid down on 27 January 1916, launching on 9 March 1917 and fitting out completed on 30 April. The ship was named after the springbok, the African antelope Antidorcas marsupialis.
On commissioning, Springbok joined the 10th Destroyer Flotilla as part of the Harwich Force under the flotilla leader . On 4 June, Springbok formed part of the support for the bombardment of Ostend on 5 June 1917. The destroyer, together with , , and , escorted , , and as they laid mines off Ostend on the night of 14/15 July 1917. This minefield may have caused the loss of the German submarine UC-1, which departed from Zeebrugge on 18 July and failed to return from a mission to lay mines off Calais. Meanwhile, on 15 July, Springbok had captured, along with Thruster, the Hamburg-registered merchant ships S.S. Brietzig and Pellworm, furnishing the captured ships with prize crews.
After the war, the destroyer was allocated to the torpedo school at Nore. However, this posting did not last long and the vessel was reduced to reserve on 22 May 1919. In 1923, the Royal Navy decided to scrap many of the older destroyers in preparation for the introduction of newer and larger vessels. After less than ten years in service, the destroyer was sold on 16 December 1926 at Granton, Edinburgh and broken up.
Pennant numbers
References
Citations
Bibliography
1917 ships
R-class destroyers (1916)
Ships built in Belfast
World War I destroyers of the United Kingdom
Thomas Edward Jordan (born May 23, 1968) is an American former professional basketball player whose career spanned from 1988 to 2003.
Jordan played college basketball at Oklahoma State University. He was ineligible as a freshman in 1987–88, and in his sophomore year, he averaged 13.8 points and 5.8 rebounds per game. Jordan's decision to leave college early to play professionally was due to a lack of team chemistry.
Jordan said that he never "enjoyed" basketball, he only "played it." He used the sport as a means to get a free college education, and any desires of playing professionally was not necessarily his goal. In October 1998, Jordan said, "If the air blew up the ball, I'm not going to cry. Don't get me wrong, I won't turn down a pro career if that comes, but I'm not counting on it." He then went on to play for 14 years in six countries after his sophomore year in 1988–89.
Jordan also played in the National Basketball Association. In April 1993, Jordan was signed as a free agent by the Philadelphia 76ers, and played in the final four games of the 1992–93 season averaging 11.0 points, 4.8 rebounds, and 1.3 blocks per game.
References
1968 births
Living people
AEK B.C. players
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Latvia
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Atenas basketball players
Baloncesto Superior Nacional players
Basketball players from Baltimore
Cangrejeros de Santurce basketball players
Cantabria Baloncesto players
CB Valladolid players
CB Zaragoza players
Eczacıbaşı S.K. (men's basketball) players
Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata basketball players
Libertad de Sunchales basketball players
Liga ACB players
Oklahoma State Cowboys basketball players
Olimpia Milano players
Pagrati B.C. players
Philadelphia 76ers players
Power forwards (basketball)
Saski Baskonia players
S.S. Felice Scandone players
Trabzonspor B.K. players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
During the 2001–02 English football season, Norwich City F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary
Despite losing 4–0 to Millwall on the opening day of the season, 2001–02 was a successful one for Norwich City. The Canaries never dropped out of the top 10 in Division One following their opening result and sneaked into the playoff places on the last day, following a 2–0 win over Stockport County. Their FA Cup run was halted at the third round after losing 4–0 to Chelsea after a replay. The game featured a memorable backheeled goal by Chelsea's Italian forward Gianfranco Zola. Norwich's League Cup run was equally disappointing, losing 1–0 away to Brentford away in the first round. Norwich faced Wolverhampton Wanderers in the First Division playoff semi final, defeating them 3–2 on aggregate, setting up a tie with Birmingham City in the final. The Canaries were eventually defeated on penalties at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff after Iwan Roberts had opened the scoring for Norwich in extra time, following a goalless 90 minutes.
Final league table
Results
All results referenced from statto.com
Football League First Division
Play-offs
FA Cup
League Cup
Players
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Left club during season
Reserve squad
Notes
References
2001-02
Norwich City
Don't Haffi Dread is an album by the Jamaican band Morgan Heritage, released in 1999. The title track, which advised that one doesn't need dreadlocks to be committed to Rastafari, was a hit. The band promoted the album by supporting Toots and the Maytals on a North American tour.
Production
The album was produced by Bobby Digital. Its songs were cowritten or written by the band; Bunny Wailer and Rita Marley contributed to the songwriting. Dean Fraser played saxophone on the album.
Critical reception
The Washington Post wrote that "Peter Morgan is an able lead vocalist, but some of the strongest tracks feature Roy 'Gramps' Morgan, whose powerful baritone vocals are eerily similar to Peter Tosh's." The Mirror called the album "a crucial summer feel-good album which is chock-full of sweet sounds—a hefty 18 tracks—and taking in influences from right across the music firmament."
The Washington Informer praised the "beautiful, rhythmic tones." The Times deemed the album "gloriously laid back"; the paper also considered the band to be "the year's best new find." Americas noted that "clever, socially conscious lyrics and gorgeous vocal harmonies meld with infectious reggae rhythms." The Orange County Register labeled Don't Haffi Dread "hook-laden but serious reggae that's very much in the Marley tradition, though seasoned with a dash of lovers rock."
AllMusic wrote: "Boasting smooth harmonizing and hopeful messages, these singers present a convincing case for the power of simple reggae 'riddims.'"
Track listing
References
Morgan Heritage albums
1999 albums
VP Records albums
Răzvan Petcu (born May 10, 1973) is a retired freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Romania, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He is best known for winning the bronze medal in the men's 4×100 m freestyle relay event at the 1995 FINA Short Course World Championships in Rio de Janeiro. He now lives in Charlotte, North Carolina.
References
sports-reference
1973 births
Living people
Romanian male butterfly swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Romania
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Romanian male freestyle swimmers
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)
Peter Payne ( 1380 – c. 1455) was an English theologian, diplomat, Lollard and Taborite. The son of a Frenchman by an English wife, he was born at Hough-on-the-Hill near Grantham.
He was educated in Oxford, where he adopted Lollard opinions, and had graduated as a master of arts before 6 October 1406, when he was concerned in the irregular proceedings through which a letter declaring the sympathy of the university was addressed to the Bohemian reformers. From 1410 to 1414 Payne was principal of St Edmund Hall, and during these years was engaged in controversy with Thomas Netter of Walden, the Carmelite defender of Catholic doctrine.
In 1414 he was compelled to leave Oxford and taught for a time in London. Ultimately he had to flee from England, and took refuge in Bohemia, where he was received by the University of Prague on 13 February 1417, and soon became a leader of the reformers. He joined the sect of the "Orphans," and had a prominent part in the discussions and conferences of the ten years from 1420 to 1430.
When the Bohemians agreed to send representatives to the Council of Basel, Payne was naturally chosen to be one of their delegates. He arrived at Basel, on 4 January 1433, and his unyielding temper and bitter words probably did much to prevent a settlement. The Bohemians left Basel in April. The party of the nobles, who had been ready to make terms, were attacked in the Diet at Prague, by the Orphans and Taborites. Next year the dispute led to open war. The nobles were victorious at the Battle of Lipany in May 1434, and it was reported in England that Payne was killed. When soon afterwards the majority of the Orphans joined the moderate party, Payne allied himself with the more extreme Taborites.
Nevertheless, his reputation was so great that he was accepted as an arbitrator in doctrinal disputes amongst the reformers. In February 1437 the Pope desired the emperor Sigismund to send Payne to be tried for heresy at Basel. Payne had to leave his pastorate at Žatec, and took refuge with Petr Chelčický, the Bohemian author. Two years later he was captured and imprisoned at Gutenstein, but was ransomed by his Taborite friends. Payne took part in the conferences of the Bohemian parties in 1443–1444, and again in 1452. He died at Prague in 1455.
He was a learned and eloquent controversialist, and a faithful adherent to Wycliffe's doctrine. Payne was also known as Clerk at Oxford, as Peter English in Bohemia, and as Freyng, after his French father, and Hough from his birthplace.
Notes
References
1380s births
1450s deaths
People from South Kesteven District
Fellows of St Edmund Hall, Oxford
Principals of St Edmund Hall, Oxford
English theologians
Lollards
People of the Hussite Wars
English male non-fiction writers
Linthal railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Glarus Süd in the Swiss canton of Glarus. It is the terminus of the Weesen to Linthal railway line, and serves the village of Linthal.
The station is the terminus of the hourly Zürich S-Bahn service S25 from Zurich.
The station is also the terminus of a PostBus Switzerland service to Fluelen station, on the Gothard railway and Lake Lucerne, which provides several daily return journeys across the Klausen Pass between May and September. Outside that period, a minibus service called the Urnerboden Sprinter provides three connections a day to Urnerboden on the route to the pass.
References
Linthal
Linthal
C. bolivari may refer to:
Catoptria bolivari, a species of moth in the family Crambidae
Cosmosoma bolivari, a moth in the family Erebidae
Ballantyne Pier (also called the Ballantyne Cruise Terminal) is a commercial and passenger dock of the Port of Vancouver, Canada, located at 851 Centennial Road. It sits at the west side of Rogers Sugar across the Canadian Pacific Railway tracks from Powell Street. Passenger terminal access is via Clark Drive or McGill Street Overpass only.
In 1995, the pier was renovated to create two modern cruise ship berths: the East Berth (#1) is and the West Berth (#2) is used as an overflow berth. The dock is equipped with two automatic gangways and a terminal building with baggage handling and customs areas.
The pier stopped cruise operations at the end of 2014.
History
Ballantyne Pier was built in 1922-1923 by the Vancouver Harbour Board to alleviate dock shortages in Vancouver which came to a head during the First World War. Also, competing railways such as Canadian National Railways, Great Northern Railway of Canada, Canadian Northern Railway, and Grand Trunk Pacific Railway needed access to the CPR-monopolized waterfront, which was afforded by a CNR level junction. The Canadian National Steamship Company fleet sailed from this dock.
During the early construction foreman Edward J. Gorman died of injuries sustained during a pile driving accident. Mr. Gorman succumbed to his injuries on April 24, 1922.
The pier was the scene of a vicious 1935 strike, the Battle of Ballantyne Pier.
The dock was gutted in 1992 and rebuilt after a period of dis-use. Modern teflon sails and steelwork erupt from the original, beautiful Beaux Arts facade. It is now used as an overflow for cruise ships. Direct to cable TV productions such as Captain Courageous have been filmed there, uranium ships and the liberty ship SS Jeremiah O'Brien have also docked at the pier.
See also
Canada Place, the main cruise ship terminal in Vancouver.
References and footnotes
Canadian Pacific Railway
Buildings and structures in Vancouver
Piers in Canada
Transport buildings and structures in British Columbia
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) is a state-wide investigative law enforcement agency within the state of Florida. The department formally coordinates eight boards, councils, and commissions. FDLE's duties, responsibilities and procedures are mandated through Chapter 943, Florida Statutes, and Chapter 11, Florida Administrative Code.
FDLE is headed by a commissioner (executive director) who reports to the Florida Cabinet, which is composed of the governor, the attorney general, the chief financial officer and the commissioner of agriculture. The commissioner is appointed to his position by the governor and cabinet and confirmed by the Florida Senate.
The department is headquartered in Tallahassee, the state capital, and has close to 2,000 employees statewide. The department maintains seven regional operations centers, 12 field offices and seven crime laboratories.
Overview
FDLE's five "program areas" are:
Executive Direction and Business Support Program,
Criminal Investigations and Forensic Science Program,
Florida Capitol Police Program,
Criminal Justice Information Program, and
Criminal Justice Professionalism Program.
The FDLE has earned accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors / Laboratory Accreditation Board, and the Commission for Florida Law Enforcement Accreditation. FDLE Special Agents handle a wide variety of crimes and assist local police and sheriff's offices with limited resources, to include, homicide, public official misconduct, police misconduct, as well as major drug trafficking crimes. They also provide security for the governor of Florida and his or her family. FDLE is the State of Florida's investigative arm. They are considered more of a state police than Florida's highway patrol, which specializes in traffic enforcement and vehicle-related homicide.
History
In 1967, the Florida Legislature merged the duties and responsibilities of several state criminal justice organizations to create the Bureau of Law Enforcement. Bringing together the resources of the Florida Sheriffs Bureau, the State Narcotics Bureau, and the law enforcement activities of the Anti-Bookie Squad of the Attorney General's Office, the original Bureau of Law Enforcement had 94 positions and a $1.5 million budget for its first year of operation. The bureau was headed by a commissioner who reported to a board composed of the Governor of Florida, specified members of the Cabinet, two sheriffs, and one chief of police. The agency had five divisions: Administration, Intelligence and Investigation, Technical Services, Administrative Intelligence, and Planning and Research.
As a result of Florida governmental restructuring in July 1969, the bureau became the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, or FDLE. As a department of the executive branch of government, FDLE was headed by the governor and cabinet. The FDLE commissioner was appointed by the governor with the approval of three members of the cabinet and subject to confirmation by the Florida Senate. At the time, the department consisted of four divisions – Operations, Administrative Intelligence, Criminal Identification and Information, and Training and Inspection.
The agency permanently decentralized many services offered previously only through Headquarters, and rolling them out to the newly defined Regional Operations Centers (ROC). They assumed responsibility for human resource and business functions and began to offer information systems support, training, and increased analytical assistance directly to the surrounding region. The restructuring placed authority at the regional level, with members of the ROCs reporting to a regional director (special agent in charge) instead of the Tallahassee headquarters. The traditional investigative role of the ROCs expanded significantly, allowing them to offer more specialized assistance.
In July 1990, FDLE was the first state law enforcement agency in the nation to be accredited by CALEA. The agency successfully attained CALEA reaccreditation status in 1995, 2000, 2003 and 2006. In October 1996, FDLE was the first statewide law enforcement agency to be accredited by CFA. The agency was jointly reaccredited in 2000, 2003 and 2006 by both CALEA and CFA. FDLE also received initial accreditation by ASCLD/LAB in 1990 and has achieved reaccreditation during each subsequent five-year reaccreditation period.
In the late 1990s, FDLE's Executive Policy Board was formally organized. Composed of program directors, regional special agents in charge, and other headquarters leadership, the EPB provides a frequent forum for the review of department-wide issues and policy-level decision making.
In 2000, the legislature transferred the Division of Public Assistance Fraud from the auditor general to FDLE. The following year, the Department of Community Affairs' Office of Criminal Justice Grants was legislatively transferred to FDLE. Following the events of September 11, 2001, FDLE assumed responsibility as the state's domestic security coordinator and partnering with Florida Sheriffs to lead the state's seven Regional Domestic Security Task Forces. The Florida Capitol Police, with its responsibility for providing law enforcement and security services to the state Capitol, was legislatively transferred to FDLE in 2002.
Organization
Headquartered in Tallahassee, the FDLE employs nearly 2,000 members statewide who work at headquarters, the department's seven regional operations centers, fifteen field offices and seven crime laboratories.
Headquarters
Office of Executive Director
Executive investigations
General counsel
Inspector general
Legislative affairs
External affairs
Public Safety Services
Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS)
Business Support Program
Professionalism Program
Information Technology Services
Florida Capitol Police
Investigations & Forensic Science
Domestic Security and Investigations
Forensic Services
Regional Operations Centers and Field Offices
Ft. Myers Operations Center with Sarasota and Sebring
Jacksonville Operations Center with Gainesville and St. Augustine
Miami Operations Center with Key West and West Palm Beach
Orlando Operations Center with Ft. Pierce, and Melbourne
Pensacola Operations Center with Panama City.
Tallahassee Operations Center with Live Oak
Tampa Bay Operations Center with Brooksville and Lakeland
Regional Crime Laboratories
Ft. Myers
Jacksonville
Orlando
Pensacola
Tallahassee
Tampa
Florida Capitol Police
The Florida Capitol Police, part of the FDLE, is a uniformed police department in Tallahassee, in charge of security and law enforcement on the grounds of the Florida State Capitol and various other state government buildings.
History
The Capitol Police was created by the Florida Legislature and began service in 1973 as a plainclothes security force created. Originally known as Legislative Security, it operated under the Florida Department of General Services (DGS).
The first director was Florida Highway Patrol Captain Nathan Sharron, and the original administrative offices were in the Larson Building, with security operations office in a few small offices in the Senate Office Building. In 1973, Legislative Security employed twenty members, including security officers and a handful of plainclothes law enforcement officers, known as special agents. It had the only explosive ordnance disposal unit in the Big Bend area.
In 1978, two years after the new Capitol building was completed, Legislative Security moved its operations and administrative offices into the new building.
In 1983, legislation changed the name from Legislative Security to the Division of Safety and Crime Prevention. The director at that time was James McPherson, formerly of the State Beverage Agency. The uniformed police became more highly visible and members were assigned to various state buildings besides the Capitol. Responsibilities increased and included the Capitol Complex as a whole, state buildings, and state facilities in Miami, Orlando, Tampa, and eleven other cities known as Regional Service Centers.
In 1985, the Florida Legislature mandated that the Division of Safety and Crime Prevention provide training and safety courses to other state agencies at their request. They were also mandated to develop and conduct evacuation procedures for the Capitol.
During the early 1990s, the department became the Capitol Police. McPherson retired in 1995 and was succeeded by Colonel Timothy Kerns as director. Kerns retired in 1998 and was succeeded by Terry Meek, a former FDLE special agent.
After the September 11 attacks, Governor Jeb Bush placed the Capitol Police under the direction of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE). The new director was Scotty Sanderson, former FDLE Director of Mutual Aid. Security at the Capitol was elevated, magnetometers and x-ray machines were used to screen all visitors, and additional state law enforcement officers were assigned to the Capitol.
In 2002, the Florida Capitol Police were officially transferred to the FDLE under House Bill 1407, with sworn law enforcement officers across the state relocated to Tallahassee. Today the primary responsibility of Capitol Police is to protect the security of the governor, the Lieutenant Governor, the members of the Florida Cabinet, the members of the Florida Senate and the Florida House of Representatives, and all employees assigned to assist such state officials in the performance of their official duties and provide security and protection for other state officials, employees and visitors to the Capitol Complex.
Units
Units of the Florida Capitol Police include:
Operations
Patrol: Units patrolling the Capitol Building, Holland Building, Pepper Building, and the Capital Circle Office Center.
Communications Section: Responsible for answering and initiating all calls for police and security services at the Capitol and other facilities within the Capitol Complex, with seven full-time staff members and one supervisor.
Directed Patrol Team: A six-member team which operates primarily on bicycles.
Special Operations
Investigations: Consisting of one lieutenant, two sworn investigators, and one government analyst, responsible for all investigations that occur at the Capitol Complex.
Hazardous Devices: Created in 1974, it was the first squad in the North Florida area to become a fully equipped unit, the first to deploy a bomb robot, and the first to be accredited by the Federal Bureau of Investigation Bomb Data Center.
K-9: The K-9 unit has two explosive detection canine teams.
Special assignments
Special Operations Team (SOT): A ten-member team. Established in 2003 with five members as the Critical Incident Team (CIT) to bridge the gap between the occurrence of a critical incident and arrival of the Leon County Sheriff's Office SWAT Team.
Protective Operation Section: Eight officers providing protective services to members of either of the houses of the legislature.
Honor Guard: Consisting of four officers and a sergeant.
Notable FDLE Members
Dayle Hinman
Antonio J. Pineda
Fictional members
Jim Longworth
Lex Rogers
Tom Lange
See also
State Bureau of Investigation
List of law enforcement agencies in Florida
List of U.S. state and local law enforcement agencies
References
State agencies of Florida
State law enforcement agencies of Florida
Government agencies established in 1969
1969 establishments in Florida
Vĕslav Michalik (1 March 1963 – 12 June 2022) was a Czech politician. A member of Mayors and Independents, he served on the Central Bohemian Regional Council from 2012 to 2022. He was also mayor of Dolní Břežany from 2004 to 2022.
Birth
Michalik was born on 1 March 1963 in Český Těšín, Czechoslovakia.
Death
Michalik died on the hill Vlčí hora in Krásná Lípa on 12 June 2022, at the age of 59.
References
1963 births
2022 deaths
21st-century Czech politicians
Czech physicists
Mayors of places in the Czech Republic
Mayors and Independents politicians
Czech Technical University in Prague alumni
People from Český Těšín
The Loft Theatre is a legitimate theater in downtown Dayton, Ohio. It hosts productions of plays, musical theatre, and other live performances, primarily put on by its house company, the Human Race Theatre Company.
References
Theatres in Dayton, Ohio
Kastania is a village in Servia municipality, Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of above sea level. The postal code is 50500, while the telephone code is +30 24640. At the 2011 census the population was 565.
The Monastery of Agioi Theodoroi at Kastania and the Byzantium Monastery of St. Antonios Siapkas are both located in Kastania.
References
External links
Photo at panoramio.com
Servis Kiralama
Populated places in Kozani (regional unit)
Maples Cottage is a historic cottage in Westborough, Massachusetts, USA. Located on the former grounds of the Lyman School for Boys, this Greek Revival cottage was built in 1832 by Rev. William White on the site of a 1725 parsonage. The property was acquired by the state in 1884, and used as part of the reform school, which is now closed. The building has lost most of its exterior Greek Revival styling (see photo).
The cottage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and included in the historic district encompassing the Lyman School in 1994.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1830
Buildings and structures in Westborough, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Historic district contributing properties in Massachusetts
1830 establishments in Massachusetts
St George's Church, Wolverhampton is a Grade II listed former parish church in the Church of England in Wolverhampton
History
The church was built between 1828 and 1830 by James Morgan at a cost of £10,268 (equivalent to £ in ). It was consecrated on Thursday 2 September 1830 by the Bishop of Lichfield. It was described in the Staffordshire Advertiser as St George's Church is of the Grecian style of architecture and of the Doric order; it has a tower and spire, and built of brick, cased with Tixall stone; and the window frames are of iron. The exterior of the edifice is plain, and almost devoid of ornament. Its interior appearance is light, and it will be much improved when completely painted and properly furnished. It is exceedingly commodious, and well adapted for the purpose to which it will be appropriated - its length is 127 feet, and its width 67 feet. There are doors on each side of the principal entrance, which admit both into the galleries and the body of the church. The galleries, which are erected on each side and at the west end, are, as well as the loft nave, supported by iron pillars; the galleries for the children of the charity schools are in recesses on each side of the space which is intended for the organ. The building will accommodate 2038 persons, 706 sittings being in pews, 1332 in free seats for the use of the poor - the free seats are in the middle aisle and on the back parts both of the galleries and the body of the church. The vestry and robing room are at the east end, on each side of the altar; over the altar is an appropriately designed and well executed painted window, by Henderson of Birmingham, which cost 100l. and was raised by subscription. The estimated expense of the structure was 10,325l. 3s. 6d. of which amount 3,300l. was contributed by the subscription of the inhabitants, and the remainder was found by the Parliamentary Commissioners.
It was made redundant in 1978 and became a Sainsbury's Supermarket in 1986. In 2015, Sainsbury's moved to a new store off Ring Road St Mark's.
Organ
The church had a pipe organ by F.H. Browne of Deal, Kent, dating from 1897. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
References
Church of England church buildings in the West Midlands (county)
Churches completed in 1830
Grade II listed churches in the West Midlands (county)
Commissioners' church buildings
1830 establishments in England
"Jhumka Gira Re" (Hindi: झुमका गिरा रे, "Earring Has Fallen") is an Indian Hindi song from the 1966 Bollywood film Mera Saaya. It was sung by Asha Bhosle. The song was picturized on Sadhana Shivdasani. It was written by Raja Mehdi Ali Khan and composed by Madan Mohan. It has been remixed and sampled by many other artists.
The song was a hit in the 1960s, and gained cult status in India.
Composition
The song was sung by Asha Bhosle and composed by Madan Mohan. Although all of the songs were picturized on Sadhana Shivdasani, the songs were split among two twin sisters, one was a naive housewife and another one was a robbery-gang's member. Lata Mangeshkar sang all the songs made for naive sister while Asha Bhosle sang two songs for the evil sister.
The song had a verse, "Phir Kya Hua?" The verse was sung by commentator Vinod Sharma. He was a close friend of Madan Mohan, composer of this song. It remained a mystery till 2021. Even the singer, Asha Bhosle wasn't aware of the fact who lent the voice for this line. She called composer Madan Mohan's son Sanjeev Kohli to enquire about this.
Charts and reviews
The song secured 4th position at the Binaca Geetmala annual list 1966. It was both Asha Bhosle and Madan Mohan's highest charted song that year.
Cultural impact
The song became such a big hit that the name of the city Bareilly has been synonymous with the song. In February, 2020 the song became a national talk of the country once again when the city's authority built a statue of 14 feet tall, golden Jhumka (earring). Some newspapers including India Times compared it with the Sadhana-starrer song.
Versions
This song has been remade and re-sung by many artists including Anupama Deshpande, Hard Kaur. Singer Asha Bhosle herself remixed the song in late 1990s, which featured Riya Sen in the music video.
In 2018, British playback singer and rapper Hard Kaur made a remake version of it.
References
External links
Watch the song.
1966 songs
Indian songs
Hindi film songs
Asha Bhosle songs
Electraglaia isozona is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in India (Assam, Sikkim), Nepal, China (Yunnan) and Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 1908
Archipini
Polycaste (; Ancient Greek: Πολυκάστη) is the name of several different women in Greek mythology:
Polycaste, a princess of Pylos and daughter of King Nestor and Eurydice (or Anaxibia). She was sister to Thrasymedes, Peisistratus, Pisidice, Perseus, Stratichus, Aretus, Echephron and Antilochus. Polycaste bathed Telemachus on his way to Pylos and later married him. They had a son, Persepolis.
Polycaste, daughter of Lygaeus. She was married to Icarius, by whom she became the mother of Penelope, Alyzeus and Leucadius.
Polycaste, sister of Daedalus and the mother of Perdix. Because her brother killed her son, she laughed with joy when she saw Icarus (Daedalus' own son) fall into the sea and drown when he had flown too close to the sun.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. ISBN 0-674-99135-4. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Homer, The Odyssey with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, PH.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1919. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Strabo, The Geography of Strabo. Edition by H.L. Jones. Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press; London: William Heinemann, Ltd. 1924. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Strabo, Geographica edited by A. Meineke. Leipzig: Teubner. 1877. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
External links
Polycaste Family Tree
Princesses in Greek mythology
Women in Greek mythology
Pylian characters in Greek mythology
Children of Nestor (mythology)
Radical 73 or radical say () meaning "" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 37 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
In the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China, this radical is merged to radical sun () as an associated indexing component.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+66F0
073
Catalist is a for-profit corporation based in Washington, D.C., that operates a voter database and works for progressive causes.
History
Catalist was founded as Data Warehouse, LLC. Catalist's first CEO was Laura Quinn, a former economic policy advisor in the U.S. Senate and Deputy Chief of Staff for Vice President Al Gore.
In August 2016, Catalist analyzed records from 10 battleground states through June and found a major influx of new voters, majority-white, were responsible for the record-breaking turnout in the Republican primaries. After the 2020 election, Catalist published an analysis of turnout and votes among various demographic groups that contributed to the Biden / Harris ticket's victory.
During the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign, Catalist served as the principal repository of Democratic data, working with over 90 liberal groups including the Service Employees International Union, the Democratic National Committee, and the 2008 Barack Obama presidential campaign.
Catalist has engaged in data mining on behalf of clients such as Rock the Vote and EMILY's List. Catalist receives funding from the Democracy Alliance.
In 2015, Catalist received $725,000 from the National Education Association, a major teachers union.
The company as of 2018 claims that it has data on 240 million unique individuals in the United States, to be used by "progressive" organizations. Laura Quinn remained chief executive officer.
In June 2021, 30 workers for Catalist announced that a super majority of workers had signed union authorization cards to be represented by the Communication Workers of America through CODE-CWA, and that Catalist had voluntarily recognized the workers' union. They did not unionize to improve working conditions, but because workers felt that since the company does work for the labor movement, its employees should be unionized.
See also
Blue State Digital
Civis Analytics
Data dredging
Dan Wagner (data scientist)
The Groundwork
Harper Reed
Left-wing politics
Michael Slaby
ORCA (computer system)
Project Houdini
Project Narwhal
Predictive analytics
References
2006 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Companies based in Washington, D.C.
Political campaign techniques
Political campaign technology
Progressive organizations in the United States
Technology companies established in 2006
2008 United States presidential election
Sinusonasus is a genus of dinosaurs from the Early Cretaceous Period, recovered from the Yixian Formation. It lived in what is now the Liaoning Province of China. Sinusonasus was a theropod, specifically a troodontid dinosaur.
The type species, Sinusonasus magnodens, was named and described by Xu Xing and Wang Xiaolin in 2004. The generic name, derived from Latin sinus, "wave", and nasus, "nose", refers to the sinusoid form, in lateral view, of the nasals. The specific name means "big-toothed" from Latin magnus, "large" and dens, "tooth". In a later publication the species is referred to as "Sinucerasaurus" but this is a junior objective synonym.
The holotype, IVPP V 11527, was found in the Lujiatun Member of the Yixian Formation, dating from the Hauterivian. It consists of a partial skeleton including skull and lower jaw fragments and partial tail, pelvis and hindlimbs. The fossil is compressed and partially articulated.
Sinusonasus is a small troodontid. In 2010, Gregory S. Paul estimated its length at one metre, its weight at 2.5 kilogrammes. The femur is 141 millimetres long.
In 2004, several distinguishing traits were established. An interantorbital channel, connecting the antorbital fenestrae at each skull side, is lacking. The nasal bone has an undulating profile. The middle maxillary teeth are rather large. The chevrons on the rear caudal vertebrae are so long, measured from the front to the back, that they connect, forming a continuous plate at the underside of the tail. The neck of the thighbone is elongated.
More generally, the head is relatively short, equalling 77% of the length of the thighbone. There are at least nineteen maxillary teeth per side. The front teeth are not serrated: those more to the rear only have denticles at the trailing edge. Five sacral vertebrae are present; the tail probably consisted of about thirty vertebrae. The pubic bone probably pointed obliquely to the front. The ischium is elongated. Sinusonasus has a long lower leg, indicating a good running capacity. The foot is "arctometatarsal", with a 'pinched' upper third metatarsal. The second metatarsal is distinctly shorter than the fourth. The second toe bears a retractable 'sickle claw'.
Sinusonasus was in 2004 placed in the Troodontidae. It was presumed to have had a rather derived position, despite living in the Early Cretaceous. This was by the describing authors not interpreted as an indication for a long ghost lineage, troodontids developing earlier during the Jurassic than had been thought, but explained by rapid evolutionary change after a Cretaceous origin of the group.
See also
Timeline of troodontid research
References
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Yixian fauna
Troodontids
Fossil taxa described in 2004
Taxa named by Xu Xing
The term chi-square, chi-squared, or has various uses in statistics:
chi-square distribution, a continuous probability distribution
chi-square test, name given to some tests using chi-square distribution
chi-square target models, a mathematical model used in radar cross-section
Lahiru Samarakoon (born 3 March 1997) is a Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for Galle Cricket Club. He made his List A debut on 2 December 2015 in the AIA Premier Limited Over Tournament. In December 2015 he was named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2016 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. He made his first-class debut for Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2016–17 Premier League Tournament on 28 December 2016. He made his Twenty20 debut for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2017–18 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 24 February 2018.
In March 2018, he was named in Kandy's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. In May 2018, it was reported that he would join Camberley Cricket Club in England for the 2018 season. He made his debut on 26 May 2018, taking 2/34 from his 10 overs, as well as completing a catch in the field.
His inaugural season in English club cricket finished with a figure of 33 wickets at 15.36 and 301 runs at 30.10, as Camberley finished fourth in the Surrey Championship First Division. In October 2020, he was drafted by the Kandy Tuskers for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League. In August 2021, he was named in the SLC Blues team for the 2021 SLC Invitational T20 League tournament.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club cricketers
Galle Cricket Club cricketers
Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club cricketers
Cricketers from Kandy
Fallen Angels is an Australian television series, aired by the ABC in 1997. Twenty episodes were produced, portraying a community legal centre in Endeavour Park, a fictional western suburb of Sydney, and the interesting clients represented by its overworked lawyers.
Cast
Garry McDonald as Malcolm Lucas
Celia De Burgh as Erica Michaels
Brian Vriends as Nick Swan
Leah Purcell as Sharon Walker
Jeremy Ball as Warren Harvey
Eszter Marosszéky as Anita Malouf
See also
List of Australian television series
References
External links
Australian drama television series
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
1997 Australian television series debuts
Heavy Gauge is the 6th album by Japanese rock band Glay. This is the first album which Glay dabbles in the genres of progressive rock and gospel, using progressive chords on songs like the self-titled track, and using gospel choirs in songs such as "Will Be King" and "Happiness". This album also marks a milestone in Glay's career with their hit song "Winter, Again". The song won Single of the Year (1999) at the Japan Record Award. Many songs from the album were used in the Meiji Seika Kaisha advertising campaigns for their "Horn" and "Flan" product food lines. The album reached #1 on Oricon charts and sold about 2,370,000. The album was certified "Double Million" by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ).
Track listing
Heavy Gauge - 6:52
Fatsounds - 3:50
Survival - 4:24
(Translation: To somewhere, that is not here) - 5:49
Happiness - 5:51
Summer FM - 5:11
Level Devil - 5:06
Be with You - 5:10
Winter, Again - 5:14
Will Be King - 7:30
(Translation: Something to live for) - 5:57
- 4:35
Bonus Tracks:
Young Oh! Oh!
Hello My Life
(Translation: Poisonous Rock)
Album chart information
Oricon Top Ranking: #1
References
External links
Oricon - Glay's profile on the Oricon
Happy Swing Space Site - Official Site
Glay albums
1999 albums
Pony Canyon albums
Manjeet Kaur (born 4 April 1982) is an Indian sprint athlete from Punjab who specializes in 400 metres. She held the 400 m National record of 51.05 seconds set at the National Circuit Athletic Meet held in Chennai on 16 June 2004. She broke the previous record held by K. M. Beenamol since November 2001. In doing so, she passed the qualifying mark for the 2004 Athens Olympics. She along with Chitra K. Soman, Rajwinder Kaur and K. M. Beenamol form the team that holds the current National record in 4 x 400 metres relay.
A Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) in the Punjab Police, Manjeet competed for India in 4 x 400 metres relay at 2004 Athens Olympics where her team set the current National record with a time of 3:26.89. The team finished third in their heats. In the next Beijing Olympics also she represented India in 4 x 400 metres relay where her team composed of Sathi Geetha, Chitra K. Soman, and Mandeep Kaur clocked a time of 3:28.83 and finished seventh in their heats.
In Doha Asian Games in 2006, Manjeet led India to a 4 x 400 metres relay gold. Earlier at the same event, she had also won a silver medal in Women's 400 metres race behind eventual winner Olga Tereshkova from Kazakhstan. In 2005, she was conferred the Arjuna Award for her contribution to the Indian athletics.
Manjeet Kaur won the Gold Medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in 4x400 m relay event with Mandeep Kaur, Sini Jose and Ashwini Akkunji.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Indian female sprinters
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Olympic athletes of India
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for India
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Asian Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Sportswomen from Punjab, India
Punjabi people
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Olympic female sprinters
GLIMPSE is a 5-year project to investigate the controls on thinning at the margin of the Greenland Ice Sheet. It is based in the Glaciology Group at the School of the Environment and Society, Swansea University. The project is headed by Professor Tavi Murray and is funded through a Leverhulme Trust Research Leadership Award presented to Murray in mid-2007.
Rationale
Southern Greenland's margins and outlet glaciers are thinning at a dramatic rate, and this rate appears to be accelerating. These changes will have profound implications for global sea levels, ocean circulation, regional climate, and society. The acceleration in the rate of thinning represents more than simply melting, and coincides with major changes in the dynamics of outlet glaciers (e.g. Rignot & Kanagaratnam 2006). The ice sheet models we use to predict sea level rise do not include outlet glacier dynamic processes, and consequently underestimate Greenland's sea level contribution (Alley et al. 2005). Moreover, our available records of thickness changes are not long enough to be sure whether they represent profound alterations in the ice sheet's behaviour or simply expected natural variability. GLIMPSE is building a world-leading and multi-disciplinary group in Swansea which collaborates with international experts to address these deficiencies. This research will place the known volume change observations in a longer temporal context, identify controls on outlet glacier dynamics, and incorporate these controls within ice sheet models. The key result will be better predictions of the future extent and behaviour of the Greenland ice sheet and therefore of future sea level rise.
Project members
At its peak GLIMPSE will consist of 5 post-doctoral researchers and 3 postgraduate researchers. Currently the project consists of:
Professor Tavi Murray, Principal Investigator
Dr Timothy James, Project Manager and postdoctoral researcher
Dr Kilian Scharrer, Postdoctoral Researcher
Dr Anna Hughes, Postdoctoral Researcher
Dr Adam Booth, Postdoctoral Researcher
Dr Suzanne Bevan, Postdoctoral Researcher
Nick Selmes, Postgraduate Research Student
Sue Cook, Postgraduate Research Student
Jonathan McGovern, Postgraduate Research Student
Laura Cordero Llana, Postgraduate Research Student
Project partners include:
Dr Ian Rutt, Swansea University, UK
Dr Adrian Luckman, Swansea University, UK
William Krabill, NASA, Cryospheric Sciences Branch, USA
Dr Matt King, Newcastle University, UK
Dr Tollý Aðalgeirsdóttir, DMI, Denmark
References
Rignot E, Kanagaratnam P, 2006, Changes in the velocity structure of the Greenland ice sheet, Science, 311(5763), 986–990.
Alley RB et al. Ice-sheet and sea-level changes, Science, 310 (5747): 456-460 OCT 21 2005.
External links
GLIMPSE Project website
Swansea Glaciology
Swansea University
The Leverhulme Trust
Environment of Greenland
Glaciology
Arctic research
Swansea University
21st century in the Arctic
Litlekalsøy is an island in Austevoll municipality in Vestland county, Norway. The island lies in the Austevoll archipelago. It sits in the Møkstrafjorden south of the island of Møkster, north of the island of Stolmen, and west of the large island of Huftarøy. The island had 26 inhabitants in 2001. The island is only accessible by boat.
See also
List of islands of Norway
References
Islands of Vestland
Austevoll
Andy Hedlund (born May 16, 1978, in Osseo, Minnesota) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman. He played for the Trenton Titans, Binghamton Senators, Hershey Bears, Krefeld Pinguine, Adler Mannheim, DEG Metro Stars and EHC Black Wings Linz in his career.
Hedlund began his career playing for the Fargo-Moorhead Ice Sharks of the United States Hockey League before moving onto Minnesota State University, Mankato, for college. Playing in three years for Minnesota State–Mankato, he totaled 15 goals and 18 assists in 111 games. Following college he was signed by the Ottawa Senators and was assigned to the Trenton Titans. He played in 15 games for the Titans for parts of two seasons, recording one goal and an assist before being called up to the Binghamton Senators. Hedlund played three seasons in Binghamton, recording seven goals and 39 assists in 214 games. After going unsigned by an NHL team, Hedlund signed with the Krefeld Penguins of Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL) in Germany. He spent one season with the Penguins, playing in 52 games and scoring a career-high 12 goals and 22 assists. In June 2006, Hedlund re-signed with Ottawa and played 56 games with Binghamton scoring six goals, adding 21 assists. Ottawa traded Hedlund to the Washington Capitals midway through the season where he joined the Capitals affiliate. He left the Capitals organization following the season and went back to Germany, playing two seasons for the DEG Metro Stars.
Playing career
College
Hedlund played collegiately at Minnesota State–Mankato. His first career goal came on February 28, 1999, during his sophomore season. He ended that season with four goals, two assists and 58 penalty minutes in 36 games. At the start of his junior season, Hedlund was elevated to first line. Head coach Troy Jutting said of him, "He had a good freshman and sophomore season for us, where maybe he wasn't counted on to be one of the top two, three guys. This year, he will be and I think he's ready for that." In his junior season, Hedlund played in 38 games, scoring six goals with six assists and 64 penalty minutes. As a senior in the 2001–02 season, he scored five goals with 10 assists and 48 penalty minutes while playing in 37 games.
Professional
2001–2004
After graduating, Hedlund signed with the Trenton Titans of the East Coast Hockey League for the final games of the 2001–02 season. He played in two games as a rookie and did not record a stat during the regular season, but in six playoff games he spent six minutes in the penalty box. In the 2002–03 season, he played in 13 games for Trenton recording a goal and two assists before he was called up to the American Hockey League's Binghamton Senators. In Binghamton, he played in 59 games scoring one goal and adding seven assists. On January 16, 2004, against the Albany River Rats, Hedlund broke a 17-game streak in which he had gone scoreless after he recorded his first career overtime goal and his second career game-winner. His previous goal was a game-winning shot against Syracuse. He ended the 2003–04 season with four goals and 19 assists in 80 games. Before the 2004–05 season, Hedlund spent time in training camp with the Ottawa Senators before he was reassigned to Binghamton. The NHL season would eventually be locked out which saw players such as goaltender Dominik Hašek join the AHL. When Hasek began working out with Binghamton, Hedlund commented, "He's just one of the guys when he's here, he just wants to put in his time and get some good work in, and make sure he's ready to go, so you just got to appreciate a guy like that being here and doing that kind of work, so It's pretty fun." A season preview produced by the website Hockey's Future commented about Hedlund saying that, "A fan-favorite, Hedlund gives it everything he has despite limited talent." Against the Manitoba Moose on October 31, Hedlund scored a goal from the blue line that tied the game, however the Senators ended up losing 5–3. Following the season, he and Philadelphia Phantoms player Ben Stafford were named the AHL's Men of the Year. During the season he played in 75 games, scoring two goals with 13 assists. In the playoffs, he played in six games recording two assists.
2005–2007
To begin the 2005 season, Hedlund joined the U. S. Men's National Select Team. After his stint with Team USA, Hedlund left the Senators organization and joined the Krefeld Penguins in Germany. In only one season with Krefeld, Hedlund played in 52 games scoring 12 goals and 22 assists, both career-highs. He also played in five playoff games, recording two assists.
Hedlund re-signed with Ottawa on June 20, 2006. However, he was waived on October 2. He cleared waivers a day later and was assigned to Binghamton. Against Syracuse on January 15, Hedlund helped Binghamton rally to a 3–2 lead with a goal in the third period. However, the Senators ended up losing the game in a shootout. In one of his final games for the Senators on February 23, Hedlund scored a goal against the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins. Before being traded, Hedlund recorded six goals and 21 assists in 56 games.
The Washington Capitals traded for Hedlund and a sixth-round draft pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft on February 26, 2007, sending Lawrence Nycholat to Ottawa. Hedlund recorded eight assists in 21 games for the Bears. He left the team after the season, opting to return to Germany.
2007–2014
Hedlund joined the DEG Metro Stars of the DEL but before joining the team, he rejoined Team USA. Hedlund scored a goal for the team on November 8 that helped the USA defeat Germany, 3–2. He ended the 2007–08 season with 12 goals and 23 assists in 55 games for the Metro Stars. In the 2008–09 season, Hedlund scored nine goals with 19 assists in 52 games with DEG. Following the season, he left DEG and joined Adler Mannheim. During his two seasons with the Metro Stars, he was a DEL All-Star.
Hedlund spent the 2009–10 season with Adler Mannheim, scoring six goals with nine assists in 54 games. He returned to DEG after the season. In his final season with the Metro Stars in 2011–12, Hedlund led the DEL with 14 goals amongst defensemen.
On May 10, 2012, Hedlund left the DEL to sign a one-year contract with EHC Black Wings Linz of the Austrian Hockey League. At the conclusion of his second season with Linz in 2013–14 season, Hedlund announced his retirement from professional hockey after 13 seasons.
Personal
In July 2008, Hedlund returned to Minnesota State–Mankato to help out at a hockey camp in which he taught players one-time shooting and passing. Hedlund's mother works as a special needs teacher, and his sister is a social worker.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards
References
External links
1978 births
Adler Mannheim players
American men's ice hockey defensemen
American people of Swedish descent
Binghamton Senators players
EHC Black Wings Linz players
Fargo Force players
Minnesota State Mavericks men's ice hockey players
DEG Metro Stars players
Hershey Bears players
Ice hockey players from Minnesota
Krefeld Pinguine players
Living people
People from Osseo, Minnesota
Trenton Titans players
Chestnut-fronted shrike-babbler has been split into two species:
Trilling shrike-babbler, Pteruthius aenobarbus
Clicking shrike-babbler, Pteruthius intermedius
Animal common name disambiguation pages
is a passenger railway station in the city of Funabashi, Chiba, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Higashi-Funabashi Station is located on the Sōbu Main Line and is served by Chūō-Sōbu Line local services, and is located 25.0 kilometers from the starting point of the line at and 14.2 kilometers from .
Station layout
The station consists of an elevated island platform serving two tracks, with an elevated station building. The station is staffed.
History
Higashi-Funabashi Station opened on 1 October 1981.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 20,542 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Chiba Prefectural Funabashi High School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Higashi-Funabashi Station information (JR East)
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1981
Railway stations in Chiba Prefecture
Funabashi
The hut tax was a form of taxation introduced by British in their African possessions on a "per hut" (or other forms of household) basis. It was variously payable in money, labour, grain or stock and benefited the colonial authorities in four interconnected ways, by raising money; supporting the economic value of the local currency; broadening the newly introduced cash-based economy, which aided economic development; and integrating local communities into the new economic system. Households which had primarily been rural ranchers or farmers proceeded to send members to work in the cities or on colonial government-sponsored construction projects to earn money to pay the tax. The new colonial economies in Africa were primarily reliant upon the construction of towns and infrastructure (such as railways), and in South Africa the rapidly expanding mining operations.
Union of South Africa
By 1908 the following hut taxes were introduced in the colony of South Africa:
In Natal, under Law 13 of 1857, 14 shillings per hut. Africans that lived in European-style houses with only one wife were exempt from the tax.
In the Transkei, 10 shillings per hut.
In the Cape Colony, various forms of the "house duty" had existed since the 1850s. The tax was legally applicable to all house-owners in the Cape, regardless of race or religion, but was only partially enforced, especially in rural areas. A full and universally applicable house tax was imposed in 1870 (Act 9 of 1870), and was more fully enforced, due to the government's severe financial difficulties at the time. The highly unpopular tax was terminated in 1872 (Act 11 of 1872), but a new and higher duty was applied by the Sprigg administration during 1878, when government expenditure was extremely high. The Cape's most controversial "hut tax" was established under Act 37 of 1884, and specified 10 shillings per hut with exclusions for the elderly and infirm. It was repealed under Act 4 of 1889.
Mashonaland
In the colony of Mashonaland, now part of modern-day Zimbabwe, a hut tax was introduced at the rate of ten shillings per hut in 1894. Although authorized by the Colonial Office in London, the tax was paid to the British South Africa Company (BSAC), acting on behalf of the British government in the area. Various events such as the introduction of the hut tax, disputes over cattle and a series of natural disasters contributed to the decision of the Shona to rebel against the company in 1896, which became known as the First Chimurenga or Second Matabele War.
Other countries
The tax was also used in Kenya, Uganda and Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia). In Sierra Leone, it sparked the Hut Tax War of 1898 in the Ronietta district, in which substantial damage was sustained to the establishments of the Home Missionary Society. The damage sustained by the Society led to an international tribunal regarding restitution for the damages suffered, brought by the American government on behalf of the Home Missionary Society. The society was compensated for damages done to them by Sierra Leonean rioters.
Liberia also implemented a hut tax, which in one case led to a Kru revolt in 1915.
References
1870 House Duty Act (1870, Act 9)
History of Africa
British Empire
History of taxation
Abolished taxes
Plopșoru is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of eleven villages: Broșteni, Broștenii de Sus, Ceplea, Cursaru, Deleni, Izvoarele, Olari, Piscuri, Plopșoru, Sărdănești and Văleni.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Porcus may refer to:
Porcus, a cognomen in Ancient Rome; see List of Roman cognomina
Porcus, a genus of fish now known as Bagrus
porcus, a specific name often used in the family Suidae
See also
Porcu (disambiguation)
Frederick Ernest "Ernie" Clark (25 March 1898 – September 1993) was a British track and field athlete. He was born in Morden and known for competing in racewalking of the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924, he finished sixth in the 10 km competition at the Paris Olympics.
References
Sources
Ernie Clark. Sports Reference. Retrieved on 2015-01-21.
External links
1898 births
1993 deaths
British male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Athletes from London
English male racewalkers
The Kawanishi K-8 Transport Seaplane was a Japanese single-engined floatplane of the 1920s. Seven were built in 1926 and 1927, and were used to operate airmail services.
Design and development
In early 1925, Eiji Sekiguchi, chief designer of the aircraft department of Kawanishi Kikai Setsakuho (Kawanishi Machinery Manufacturing Works), started work on a long-range floatplane for use by Nippon Koku K.K. the airline subsidiary of Kawanishi on airmail services. The resulting design, the Kawanishi K-8A, was a single-engined monoplane with a fabric covered wooden structure. It was powered by a Maybach Mb.IVa water-cooled inline-engine, as used in Kawanishi's successful K-7 biplane, but was larger and heavier than the K-7. The aircraft was fitted with a twin-float undercarriage, while the crew of two sat in open cockpits. The first prototype was completed in January 1926 with a shoulder-wing layout, but following aircraft had the wing raised to a parasol wing arrangement. The aircraft demonstrated relatively poor performance, but showed good stability, making it popular for long-distance flights. A total of 5 K-8As were completed in 1926, all going to Nippon Koku K.K..
The design attracted the attention of the Teiko Kaibo Gitai, (the Imperial Maritime Defence Volunteer Association), a patriotic organization, who placed an order for two modified aircraft, the Kawanishi K-8B, with reduced span wings, a slimmer fuselage and the crew cockpits moved rearwards. These two aircraft were completed in 1927, demonstrating improved performance.
Operational history
The five K-8As were all used by Nippon Koku for its airmail service between Osaka and Fukuoka. The two K-8Bs were used to carry out two formation tours around Japan in April and May 1927 in an effort to promote aviation. They were then leased free-of-charge to Nippon Koku on the condition that they would be transferred to the Imperial Japanese Navy on request. They joined the K-8As on the Osaka–Fukuoa airmail route, and were heavily used before they were retired in April 1929.
Variants
Kawanishi K-8A Transport Seaplane
Single-engined mailplane for Nippon Koku. Five built.
Kawanishi K-8B Transport Seaplane
Modified version of K-8A, with reduced wingspan and improved performance ( speed and 9 hour endurance). Two built for Teiko Kaibo Gitai, and later used by Nippon Koku.
Operators
Nippon Koku K.K.
Specifications (K-8A)
Notes
References
1920s Japanese airliners
Floatplanes
K-8
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Parasol-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1926
Sidney Ercil Smith (born July 6, 1948) is a former American football offensive lineman who played for the Kansas City Chiefs and the Houston Oilers of the National Football League. Smith was drafted by the Chiefs in the first round of the 1970 NFL Draft, the team's first pick since their alignment to the NFL. He is an alumnus of the University of Southern California.
He was assistant head football coach and defensive coordinator of Cornelius Thompson at St. Thomas High School in Houston, Texas.
References
1948 births
Living people
Players of American football from Wichita, Kansas
American football offensive linemen
USC Trojans football players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Houston Oilers players
The Stu Sells 1824 Halifax Classic is an annual bonspiel on the men's World Curling Tour. It is held annually in November at the Halifax Curling Club in Halifax, Nova Scotia (the club was founded in 1824). It has been held since 2018. The event is part of the "Stu Sells Series" of curling events (along with the Stu Sells Oakville Tankard, and the Stu Sells Toronto Tankard), sponsored by the Stu Sells Realty Team.
Team Glenn Howard won both the 2018 and 2019 events. Glenn Howard himself was away coaching the Scottish women's team at the 2018 European Curling Championships, so his son, Scott skipped the team to the inaugural championship in 2018.
Team Brad Gushue won the 2020 event, which only consisted of teams from Atlantic Canada due to travel restrictions imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic. These same restrictions prevented Team Gushue's lead Geoff Walker from playing in the event, and he was replaced by Ryan McNeil Lamswood.
A women's event was added in 2021.
Past champions
Man 's
Woman 's
References
World Curling Tour events
Curling in Nova Scotia
Sports competitions in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Yaneh Sar (, also Romanized as Yāneh Sar) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 208, in 71 families.
References
Populated places in Behshahr County
The California Winter League is an instructional showcase league for free agent baseball players who are looking to earn a professional contract before spring training begins. The league was created by Andrew Starke in 2010, and takes place in Palm Springs, California, at the Palm Springs Stadium complex which is a former spring training facility of the Los Angeles Angels.
Instructors
Each season, the California Winter League hires current MLB pro scouts and professional independent league managers to act as instructors during the CWL season. These instructors manage games, work to develop CWL players, and sign CWL players during their time at the CWL. Every year, roughly 40% of CWL players receive a professional contract offer. The league has a partnership agreement with the Frontier League for scouting and player development.
Purpose
The purpose of the California Winter League is to provide coaching and an avenue for players to get noticed by scouts with the ultimate goal of signing a professional contract. Past players have signed with any of various Independent baseball leagues and MLB organizations.
CWL teams
The league plays most games at Palm Springs Stadium and some at Palm Springs High School baseball field.
References
External links
California Winter League website
Professional sports leagues in the United States
Winter baseball leagues
Sports in Riverside County, California
Palm Springs, California
Independent baseball leagues in the United States
Baseball leagues in California
Sport leagues established in 2009
2009 establishments in California
Vjekoslav Rosenberg-Ružić (April 29, 1870 – February 16, 1954) was a Croatian Jewish composer, conductor and music educator.
Rosenberg-Ružić was born in Varaždin as Alois Rosenberg on April 29, 1870. Later in life he added the Croatian variant of his surname, Ružić. From early childhood he was in contact with the music, duo to a fact that his father Josip Rosenberg was a music teacher. Rosenberg-Ružić finished elementary and high school in his hometown. He studied violin, piano, and composition at the University of Music and Performing Arts, in Vienna. In 1891, Rosenberg-Ružić went to Split, where he taught music and led the choir in the local "Croatian singing society". Rosenberg-Ružić stayed in Split for 4 years, he then returned to Varaždin, where he was organist as in Split. In Varaždin, he continued educational work in the field of music, and started to compose. By the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia provincial government decision in 1909, Rosenberg-Ružić became the main music teacher in Zagreb, and next year he became the head-master of the music school at the Croatian Music Institute.
Popular compositions
opera Kralj od Silbe (The King of Silba)
opera Lijepa Klementinka (Lovely Clementine), unfinished
Vilina
Kameni svatovi, to a text of August Šenoa
four piano sonatas (1891, 1900, 1915, 1920)
References
External links
1870 births
1954 deaths
People from Varaždin
Croatian Jews
Austro-Hungarian Jews
Croatian Austro-Hungarians
Croatian conductors (music)
Male conductors (music)
Croatian composers
Jewish classical composers
Male classical composers
History of Varaždin
http://www.armas.es/foros/viewtopic.php?f=52&t=1040737&sid=6363b0f282357db4af8d2b7600bcb74b&start=10
Romanówka may refer to the following places:
Romanówka, Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Romanówka, Siemiatycze County in Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland)
Romanówka, Sokółka County in Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland)
Romanówka, Suwałki County in Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland)
Romanówka, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Romanówka, Tomaszów Lubelski County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Romanówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Hidria Spacefolk is a Finnish progressive / psychedelic rock / space rock band. The group's sound is often compared to Kingston Wall and Ozric Tentacles. The band describes their musical style as Astro-Beat. They use many different instruments such as the cello, violin, flute, didgeridoo, marimba, mandolin, sitar and vibraphone.
Hidria Spacefolk's first album was the independently released EP HDRSF-1 in 2001. Their debut full-length, Symbiosis, was released a year later through Silence, a subsidiary label of Wolfgang Records. The band's second full-length album, Balansia, was released in 2004 and included Andy McCoy of Hanoi Rocks as a guest musician. The same year, a compilation album titled Violently Hippy rmxs was also released. The album contains remixes of Hidria Spacefolk's songs done by Finnish electronic music makers.
On July 11, 2004, the band performed at the North East Art Rock Festival in Pennsylvania, US. They were the first group to appear that day. This performance was released as Live Eleven am, in 2005.
In 2005 the band opened the second day of the international progressive rock festival that took place in Moscow, Russia.
Members
Mikko Happo – guitars
Sami Wirkkala – guitars
Veikko Aallonhuippu (formerly Sutinen) – keyboards & synths (2008- )
Olli Kari – Xylosynth, mallets & percussions (2010- and on albums Symbiosis, Balansia)
Kimmo Dammert – bass
Teemu Kilponen – drums
Hidria Family
Janne Lounatvuori – keyboards (1999-2008)
Discography
HDRSF-1 (2001, EP)
Symbiosis (2002)
Balansia (2004)
Violently Hippy rmxs (2004, compilation)
Live Eleven am (2005, live recording)
Symetria (2007)
Live at Heart (2007, live recording)
Astronautica (2012)
References
External links
Hidria Spacefolk at Last.fm
Finnish progressive rock groups
Finnish art rock groups
Space rock musical groups
Finnish psychedelic rock music groups
Route 31 is a highway in northwestern Missouri. Its northern terminus is at U.S. Route 169 in northwestern De Kalb County; its southern terminus is at US 169 southeast of St. Joseph.
Route 31 was one of the original 1922 state highways. Its northern terminus was originally five miles further north in King City at Route 4. That section of Route 31 became part of U.S. Route 169.
Route Description
Route 31 begins in Buchanan County, at the intersection of US Route 169 and 120 SE Road, where it heads northward. It passes through Easton, where a T intersection is formed with Route N, before meeting with US Route 36. Route 31 runs east, concurrent with 36, where it moves into DeKalb County, before they split at the intersection with Spruce Road.
After the split, Route 31 runs north to meet Missouri Route 6, where they run concurrently. The routes run through Clarksdale after the merge, before they turn east and split. Route 31 runs north, before once again meeting with US 169 at the former's northern terminus.
Junction List
References
031
Transportation in DeKalb County, Missouri
Transportation in Clinton County, Missouri
Transportation in Buchanan County, Missouri
Checkpointing is a technique that provides fault tolerance for computing systems. It basically consists of saving a snapshot of the application's state, so that applications can restart from that point in case of failure. This is particularly important for long running applications that are executed in failure-prone computing systems.
Checkpointing in distributed systems
In the distributed computing environment, checkpointing is a technique that helps tolerate failures that otherwise would force long-running application to restart from the beginning. The most basic way to implement checkpointing, is to stop the application, copy all the required data from the memory to reliable storage (e.g., parallel file system) and then continue with the execution. In case of failure, when the application restarts, it does not need to start from scratch. Rather, it will read the latest state ("the checkpoint") from the stable storage and execute from that. While there is ongoing debate on whether checkpointing is the dominating I/O workload on distributed computing systems, there is general consensus that checkpointing is one of the major I/O workloads.
There are two main approaches for checkpointing in the distributed computing systems: coordinated checkpointing and uncoordinated checkpointing. In the coordinated checkpointing approach, processes must ensure that their checkpoints are consistent. This is usually achieved by some kind of two-phase commit protocol algorithm. In the uncoordinated checkpointing, each process checkpoints its own state independently. It must be stressed that simply forcing processes to checkpoint their state at fixed time intervals is not sufficient to ensure global consistency. The need for establishing a consistent state (i.e., no missing messages or duplicated messages) may force other processes to roll back to their checkpoints, which in turn may cause other processes to roll back to even earlier checkpoints, which in the most extreme case may mean that the only consistent state found is the initial state (the so-called domino effect).
Implementations for applications
Save State
One of the original and now most common means of application checkpointing was a "save state" feature in interactive applications, in which the user of the application could save the state of all variables and other data to a storage medium at the time they were using it and either continue working, or exit the application and at a later time, restart the application and restore the saved state. This was implemented through a "save" command or menu option in the application. In many cases it became standard practice to ask the user if they had unsaved work when exiting the application if they wanted to save their work before doing so.
This sort of functionality became extremely important for usability in applications where the particular work could not be completed in one sitting (such as playing a video game expected to take dozens of hours, or writing a book or long document amounting to hundreds or thousands of pages) or where the work was being done over a long period of time such as data entry into a document such as rows in a spreadsheet.
The problem with save state is it requires the operator of a program to request the save. For non-interactive programs, including automated or batch processed workloads, the ability to checkpoint such applications also had to be automated.
Checkpoint/Restart
As batch applications began to handle tens to hundreds of thousands of transactions, where each transaction might process one record from one file against several different files, the need for the application to be restartable at some point without the need to rerun the entire job from scratch became imperative. Thus the "checkpoint/restart" capability was born, in which after a number of transactions had been processed, a "snapshot" or "checkpoint" of the state of the application could be taken. If the application failed before the next checkpoint, it could be restarted by giving it the checkpoint information and the last place in the transaction file where a transaction had successfully completed. The application could then restart at that point.
Checkpointing tends to be expensive, so it was generally not done with every record, but at some reasonable compromise between the cost of a checkpoint vs. the value of the computer time needed to reprocess a batch of records. Thus the number of records processed for each checkpoint might range from 25 to 200, depending on cost factors, the relative complexity of the application and the resources needed to successfully restart the application.
Fault Tolerance Interface (FTI)
FTI is a library that aims to provide computational scientists with an easy way to perform checkpoint/restart in a scalable fashion. FTI leverages local storage plus multiple replications and erasures techniques to provide several levels of reliability and performance. FTI provides application-level checkpointing that allows users to select which data needs to be protected, in order to improve efficiency and avoid space, time and energy waste. It offers a direct data interface so that users do not need to deal with files and/or directory names. All metadata is managed by FTI in a transparent fashion for the user. If desired, users can dedicate one process per node to overlap fault tolerance workload and scientific computation, so that post-checkpoint tasks are executed asynchronously.
Berkeley Lab Checkpoint/Restart (BLCR)
The Future Technologies Group at the Lawrence National Laboratories are developing a hybrid kernel/user implementation of checkpoint/restart called BLCR. Their goal is to provide a robust, production quality implementation that checkpoints a wide range of applications, without requiring changes to be made to application code. BLCR focuses on checkpointing parallel applications that communicate through MPI, and on compatibility with the software suite produced by the SciDAC Scalable Systems Software ISIC. Its work is broken down into 4 main areas: Checkpoint/Restart for Linux (CR), Checkpointable MPI Libraries, Resource Management Interface to Checkpoint/Restart and Development of Process Management Interfaces.
DMTCP
DMTCP (Distributed MultiThreaded Checkpointing) is a tool for transparently checkpointing the state of an arbitrary group of programs spreads across many machines and connected by sockets. It does not modify the user's program or the operating system. Among the applications supported by DMTCP are Open MPI, Python, Perl, and many programming languages and shell scripting languages. With the use of TightVNC, it can also checkpoint and restart X Window applications, as long as they do not use extensions (e.g. no OpenGL or video). Among the Linux features supported by DMTCP are open file descriptors, pipes, sockets, signal handlers, process id and thread id virtualization (ensure old pids and tids continue to work upon restart), ptys, fifos, process group ids, session ids, terminal attributes, and mmap/mprotect (including mmap-based shared memory). DMTCP supports the OFED API for InfiniBand on an experimental basis.
Collaborative checkpointing
Some recent protocols perform collaborative checkpointing by storing fragments of the checkpoint in nearby nodes. This is helpful because it avoids the cost of storing to a parallel file system (which often becomes a bottleneck for large-scale systems) and it uses storage that is closer. This has found use particularly in large-scale supercomputing clusters. The challenge is to ensure that when the checkpoint is needed when recovering from a failure, the nearby nodes with fragments of the checkpoints are available.
Docker
Docker and the underlying technology contain a checkpoint and restore mechanism.
CRIU
CRIU is a user space checkpoint library.
Implementation for embedded and ASIC devices
Mementos
Mementos is a software system that transforms general-purpose tasks into interruptible programs for platforms with frequent interruptions such as power outages. It was designed for batteryless embedded devices such as RFID tags and smart cards which rely on harvesting energy from ambient background sources. Mementos frequently senses the available energy in the system and decides whether to checkpoint the program due to impending power loss versus continuing computation. If checkpointing, data will be stored in a non-volatile memory. When the energy becomes sufficient for reboot, the data is retrieved from non-volatile memory and the program continues from the stored state. Memento has been implemented on the MSP430 family of microcontrollers. Mementos is named after Christopher Nolan's Memento.
Idetic
Idetic is a set of automatic tools which helps application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) developers to automatically embed checkpoints in their designs. It targets high-level synthesis tools and adds the checkpoints at the register-transfer level (Verilog code). It uses a dynamic programming approach to locate low overhead points in the state machine of the design. Since the checkpointing in hardware level involves sending the data of dependent registers to a non-volatile memory, the optimum points are required to have the minimum number of registers to store. Idetic is deployed and evaluated on energy harvesting RFID tag device.
See also
Process image
References
Further reading
Yibei Ling, Jie Mi, Xiaola Lin: A Variational Calculus Approach to Optimal Checkpoint Placement. IEEE Trans. Computers 50(7): 699-708 (2001)
R.E. Ahmed, R.C. Frazier, and P.N. Marinos, " Cache-Aided Rollback Error Recovery (CARER) Algorithms for Shared-Memory Multiprocessor Systems", IEEE 20th International Symposium on Fault-Tolerant Computing (FTCS-20), Newcastle upon Tyne, UK, June 26–28, 1990, pp. 82–88.
External links
LibCkpt
FTI
Berkeley Lab Checkpoint/Restart (BLCR)
Distributed MultiThreaded CheckPointing (DMTCP)
OpenVZ
CRIU
Cryopid2
Fault-tolerant computer systems
Vanuatu's undeveloped road system, with fewer than 100 miles of paved roads, consists mostly of dirt tracks suitable only for four-wheel-drive vehicles. Every island has one or two short airstrips where Vanair's Twin Otter planes land two or three times weekly. In addition, every island has a small port or wharf where small cargo ships and boats regularly dock.
After arrival on an island, transportation is usually via pickup truck, foot, or small boat. Bicycles are becoming popular in Vanuatu. Port Vila and Luganville have numerous taxis and mass-transit vans. There are no railways in Vanuatu, although there was a small rail line on Efate during the colonial era.
Vanuatu's main harbors are Forari, Port-Vila, Santo (Espiritu Santo).
Modes of transport
Highways:
total:
1,070 km
paved:
256 km
unpaved:
814 km (1996 est.)
Merchant marine:
total:
78 ships (1,000 GT or over) totaling 1,266,634 GT/
ships by type:
bulk 27, cargo 24, chemical tanker 3, combination bulk 2, container 1, liquified gas 4, petroleum tanker 2, refrigerated cargo 9, vehicle carrier 6 (1999 est.)
note:
a flag of convenience registry; includes ships from 15 countries among which are ships of Japan 28, India 10, US 10, Greece 3, Hong Kong 3, Australia 2, Canada 1, China 1, and France 1 (1998 est.)
Airports:
32 (1999 est.) (See Bauerfield International Airport.)
Airports - with paved runways:
total:
3
2,438 to 3,047 m:
1
1,524 to 2,437 m:
1
914 to 1,523 m:
1 (1999 est.)
Airports - with unpaved runways:
total:
29
1,524 to 2,437 m:
1
914 to 1,523 m:
11
under 914 m:
17 (1999 est.)
References
External links
Guia Jelo (born Guglielmina Francesca Maria Jelo di Lentini; 5 March 1956) is an Italian actress. She appeared in more than forty films since 1978.
Selected filmography
Corleone (1978)
The Bride Was Beautiful (1986)
Boys on the Outside (1990)
The Escort (1993)
The Whores (1994)
Strangled Lives (1996)
E adesso sesso (2001) as Anna
Raul: Straight to Kill (2005) as Caterina
My Name Is Thomas (2018) as Zia Rosario
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Italian film actresses
Dmitry Aleksandrovich Aliseyko (; ; born 28 August 1992) is a Belarusian professional footballer who plays for Ostrovets.
Career
Born in Bobruisk, Aliseyko began playing football in FC Dinamo Minsk youth system. He made his Belarusian Premier League debut with FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino in 2012, before moving to FC Neman Grodno for the 2013 season.
Honours
Dinamo Brest
Belarusian Cup winner: 2016–17, 2017–18
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Belarus international footballers
Association football defenders
Belarusian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
FC Dinamo Minsk players
FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino players
FC Neman Grodno players
FC Slutsk players
FC Dynamo Brest players
FC Isloch Minsk Raion players
FC Khimki players
FC Minsk players
FC Ostrovets players
People from Babruysk
Sportspeople from Mogilev Region
Trinidad and Tobago competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Competitors
The following table lists Trinidad and Tobago's delegation per sport and gender.
Medalists
The following competitors from Trinidad and Tobago won medals at the games. In the by discipline sections below, medalists' names are bolded.
| style="text-align:left; width:78%; vertical-align:top;"|
| style="text-align:left; width:22%; vertical-align:top;"|
Athletics
Men's Field
Women's Track
Swimming
Women
See also
Trinidad and Tobago at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Trinidad and Tobago sport
Elliott Tyrone Waller (born March 14, 1957) or more commonly known as Tye Waller or Ty Waller, is a former Major League Baseball third baseman. He was also a coach for the Oakland Athletics from 2007 to 2015.
Playing career
Waller was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 33rd round of the 1975 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign. He was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 4th round of the 1977 January amateur draft, and signed in May.
After the 1980 season, St. Louis sent Waller to the Chicago Cubs as the player to be named later in an earlier trade that sent Leon Durham and Ken Reitz for Bruce Sutter. After the 1982 season, he was traded by the Cubs to the Chicago White Sox for Reggie Patterson. After the 1983 season, Waller signed with the Houston Astros as a free agent.
Personal
Tye also worked with the Padres for 19 years, as a Coach, Manager, Roving Instructor in Player Development. Tye also became a baseball executive (Director of player Development 1999-2005).
His brother, Reggie Waller, became a baseball executive. Another brother, Kevin Waller, played in the minor leagues. His nephews, Gerric Waller and Derric Waller, played in the minor leagues as well.
External links
Tye Waller at Baseball Almanac
Tye Waller at Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Professional Baseball League)
1957 births
Living people
African-American baseball coaches
African-American baseball players
Arkansas Travelers players
Baseball players from California
Calgary Cardinals players
Cardenales de Lara players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Chicago Cubs players
Denver Bears players
Houston Astros players
Iowa Oaks players
Major League Baseball bench coaches
Major League Baseball first base coaches
Major League Baseball center fielders
Major League Baseball third basemen
Minor league baseball coaches
Minor league baseball managers
Oakland Athletics coaches
San Diego City Knights baseball players
San Diego Padres coaches
Spokane Indians managers
Sportspeople from Fresno, California
Springfield Redbirds players
St. Louis Cardinals players
St. Petersburg Cardinals players
Tucson Toros players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Kom Kola (, also Romanized as Kom Kolā, Kam Kala, andKom Kalā; also known as Kūm Kalā and Qum Qal‘eh) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 398, in 99 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Western Valley Activities Conference is an athletic conference for small high schools in Western Iowa. Formed in 2008 from the merger of the longstanding Maple Valley Conference and Boyer Valley Conference, the league now consists of 9 schools from the old Maple Valley Conference and Siouxland Christian.
Current members
History
The Western Valley Activities Conference was formed in 2008 with the merger of the Maple Valley Conference and the Boyer Valley Conference. The Maple Valley Conference traces its history to 1931 when the conference was founded with Onawa, Mapleton, Moville, Correctionville, Holstein, and Odebolt high schools. Kingsley joined the conference in 1944 and over time, the conference grew to 12 members so that by the time of the merger the conference included Odebolt–Arthur, Battle Creek–Ida Grove, Galva–Holstein, Woodbury Central, Kingsley–Pierson, Remsen-Union, Lawton–Bronson, Westwood, River Valley, Maple Valley–Anthon–Oto, West Monona, and Whiting.
The Boyer Valley Conference had been formed around 1960 and had many schools to consolidation over the years. After peaking at 12 schools, the conference was left with only eight in its final year of 2007: Ar-We-Va, Boyer Valley, Charter Oak–Ute, IKM, Logan-Magnolia, Manning, West Harrison, and Woodbine. With IKM and Manning entering a sport-sharing agreement, it looked like the right time for many of its members to find a new home.
In 2008, the Maple Valley Conference agreed to merge with the Boyer Valley Activities Conference by a 10–1 vote, with only Woodbury Central opposing and Lawton–Bronson abstaining. The new 19-team league would work together not only in athletics, but in music and speech as well, as the former BVAC had. In addition most of the old rivalries were kept intact by splitting the conference into two divisions with the old Maple Valley basically making up the north and the former Boyer Valley plus Whiting and West Monona forming the south.
State champions
2009 1A wrestling- Logan-Magnolia
2009 2A girls basketball- IKM-Manning
2011 2A girls basketball- OABCIG
2017 2A boys track and field- Kingsley–Pierson/Woodbury Central
2019 2A football- OABCIG
2020 1A football- OABCIG
Membership changes
After the 2008 season, Odebolt–Arthur and Battle Creek–Ida Grove entered into a full-grade sharing agreement. Following the 2009 season, Remsen-Union left the conference, and starting in 2010, Galva–Holstein began sharing all high school functions and classes with nearby Schaller-Crestland High School, forming the new Ridge View High School, which remained in the conference.
The conference, which had spanned more than 160 miles, lost many members for the 2013–14 school year. Logan-Magnolia and IKM-Manning, the two largest schools in the southern half of the conference, moved to the Western Iowa Conference. Meanwhile, the other former Boyer Valley Conference members are joining with Coon Rapids–Bayard and five members of the Rolling Hills Conference to form the Rolling Valley Conference. Whiting moved to the Frontier Conference of Nebraska.
In 2017, Charter Oak–Ute students returned to the conference by entering into a whole grade sharing agreement with Maple Valley–Anthon–Oto.
Former Members
References
External links
Official Website
High school sports in Iowa
2008 establishments in Iowa
Quantum tunnelling composites (QTCs) are composite materials of metals and non-conducting elastomeric binder, used as pressure sensors. They use quantum tunnelling: without pressure, the conductive elements are too far apart to conduct electricity; when pressure is applied, they move closer and electrons can tunnel through the insulator. The effect is far more pronounced than would be expected from classical (non-quantum) effects alone, as classical electrical resistance is linear (proportional to distance), while quantum tunnelling is exponential with decreasing distance, allowing the resistance to change by a factor of up to 1012 between pressured and unpressured states.
Quantum tunneling composites hold multiple designations in specialized literature, such as: conductive/semi-conductive polymer composite, piezo-resistive sensor and force-sensing resistor (FSR). However, in some cases Force-sensing resistors may operate predominantly under percolation regime; this implies that the composite resistance grows for an incremental applied stress or force.
Introduction
QTCs were discovered in 1996 by technician David Lussey while he was searching for a way to develop an electrically conductive adhesive. Lussey founded Peratech Ltd, a company devoted to research work and usage of QTCs. Peratech Ltd. and other companies are working on developing quantum tunneling composite to improve touch technology. Currently, there is restricted use of QTC due to its high cost, but eventually this technology is expected to become available to the general user. Quantum tunneling composites are combinations of polymer composites with elastic, rubber-like properties elastomer, and metal particles (nickel). Due to a no-air gap in the sensor contamination or interference between the contact points is impossible. There is also little to no chance of arcing, electrical sparks between contact points. In the QTC's inactive state, the conductive elements are too far from one another to pass electron charges. Thus, current does not flow when there is no pressure on the quantum-tunneling composite. A characterization of a QTC is its spiky silicon covered surface. The spikes do not actually touch, but when a force is applied to the QTC, the spikes move closer to each other and a [quantum] effect occurs as a high concentration of electrons flow from one spike tip to the next. The electric current stops when the force is taken away.
Types
QTCs come in different forms and each form is used differently but has a similar resistance change when deformed. QTC pills are the most commonly used type of QTC. Pills are pressure sensitive variable resistors. The amount of electric current passed is exponentially proportionate to the amount of pressure applied. QTC pills can be used as input sensors which respond to an applied force. These pills can also be used in devices to control higher currents than QTC sheets. QTC sheets are composed of three layers: a thin layer of QTC material, a conductive material and a plastic insulator. QTC sheets allow a quick switch from high to low resistance and vice versa.
Applications
In February 2008 the newly formed company QIO Systems Inc gained, in a deal with Peratech, the worldwide exclusive license to the intellectual property and design rights for the electronics and textile touchpads based on QTC technology and for the manufacture and sale of ElekTex (QTC-based) textile touchpads for use in both consumer and commercial applications.
QTCs were used to provide fingertip sensitivity in NASA's Robonaut in 2012. Robonaut was able to survive and send detailed feedback from space. The sensors on the human-like robot were able to tell how hard and where it was gripping something.
Quantum tunneling composites are relatively new and are still being researched and developed.
QTC has been implemented within clothing to make “smart”, touchable membrane control panels to control electronic devices within clothing, e.g. mp3 players or mobile phones. This allows equipment to be operated without removing clothing layers or opening fastenings and makes standard equipment usable in extreme weather or environmental conditions such as Arctic/Antarctic exploration or spacesuits.
The following are possible uses of QTCs:
Sporting materials such as training dummies or fencing jackets can be covered in QTC material. Sensors on the material can relay information on the force of an impact.
Mirror and window operation such as gesture, stroke, or swipe can be used in automotive applications. Depending on the amount of pressure applied from the gesture, the car parts will adjust to the desired setting at either a fast speed or a slow speed. The more pressure is applied, the faster the operation will be.
Blood pressure cuffs: QTCs in blood pressure cuffs reduce inaccurate readings from improper cuff attachment. The sensors tell how much tension is needed to read a person's blood pressure.
References
Electrical components
Quantum electronics
