Louis Bostedo (1798 - 1878) was an American businessman from Weyauwega, Wisconsin who spent a single term in 1856 as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from a district which encompassed the sparsely populated Oconto, Outagamie, Shawano and Waupaca counties.
He was born in New Jersey and was a partner in a mill and dam. Bostedo came to Waupaca County in 1851, being one of the first settlers of Weyauwega. In 1855 he was a member of the Waupaca County Board of Supervisors from Weyauwega. He was the first village president of Waupaca.
Legislative election and service
The seat was initially awarded to one William Brunquest, whom Bostedo successfully challenged, with both claimants admitting that Bostedo had received the majority of the vote.
He was a Democrat, succeeded fellow Democrat Perry H. Smith, and was succeeded by Democrat Benjamin F. Phillips.
After the Assembly
Bostedo remained on the County Board; was a founder and President of the Old Settlers' Society of Waupaca County when that body organized in 1872, retaining the office until his death in 1878.
He was reported as a newly elected Vice-President of the Ripon and Wolf River Rail Road Company in 1858. That railroad had been chartered by the legislature during his term of office.
References
1878 deaths
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
People from New Jersey
People from Weyauwega, Wisconsin
Wisconsin Democrats
1798 births
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
ARMOR (Advanced Radar for Meteorological and Operational Research) Doppler weather radar is a C-Band, Dual-Polarimetric Doppler Weather Radar, located at the Huntsville International Airport in Huntsville, Alabama. The radar is a collaborative effort between WHNT-TV and the University of Alabama in Huntsville. Live data for the radar is only available to a limited audience, such as UAH employees and NWS meteorologists. All ARMOR data is archived at the National Space Science and Technology Center located on the UAH campus.
History
This radar was originally a National Weather Service (NWS) local warning radar (WSR-74C) installed in 1977. It was refurbished and upgraded to Pulse-Doppler capabilities in 1991. When the NEXRAD network replaced previous NWS radars, it was donated to the UAH Department of Atmospheric Science in 2002 and upgraded to dual-polarimetry using the SIGMET Antenna Mounted Receiver in the fall 2004.
Baron Radar division of Baron Services, Inc., Huntsville, AL, upgraded the transmitter in 2005 to a 350 kW solid state VHDD-350C transmitter. In the fall of 2006, a high performance Seavey dual-polarization antenna and Orbit pedestal were purchased for ARMOR by the same company and made fully functional by the end of October.
ARMOR is the first dual polarimetric radar used in broadcast television news, and one of the first systems of its type open for educational use to a public university, The University of Alabama in Huntsville (UAH).
Description
ARMOR is a modified WSR-74 C-Band (5625 MHz) radar with a 0.5 - 1.0° resolution in azimuth and a spatial resolution varying from 60 to 500 meters, with a typical resolution of 150m. ARMOR sits 206 meters above sea level. The pulse length can vary from 0.4 to 4 microseconds and its peak power is 350 kW. ARMOR's antenna is 3.7 m, or 12 feet, in diameter, and its typical PRF ranges from 250 to 2000 Hz. At its maximum, its rotation rate is 36 degrees/second. It transmits and receives vertical and horizontal polarized signals and operates with a SIGMET RVP8 signal processor. ARMOR is capable of area-specific sector scans, and unlike the NEXRAD Network, can be manually operated.
Usages
The following is information about the radar and its advanced systems:
One-of-a-kind technology transfer via real-time use of ARMOR in the broadcast meteorology domain.
Real-time operational feed to NWS for nowcasting and training at NWS WFO Huntsville
Supports basic thunderstorm, cloud physics, cloud electrification and precipitation research within the UAH/NASA Severe Thunderstorm Observations and Research Meteorological NETwork (STORM-NET)
Source for Satellite precipitation mission ground truth and physical validation via precipitation microphysics retrieval and kinematic measurements (dual-Doppler)
Vastly improved Quantitative Precipitation Estimation (QPE) for surface hydrological and water cycle studies
Operational meteorological decision support tool development and data assimilation (e.g. NASA-SPoRT)
Detailed cloud kinematic, microphysical, electrification, and lightning studies using the NASA Northern Alabama Lightning Mapping Array (NASA-MSFC/NSSTC Thunderstorm and Lightning Group), ARMOR polarimetric variables and real-time dual-Doppler capability.
Potential hydrological data input for assimilation into local distributed runoff models, regional flood plain studies/planning
Near surface wind retrievals for assimilation into pollutant dispersion models
Boundary layer studies including identification of biological flyers
Users
In a unique partnership, this research radar was once used by meteorologists at WHNT-TV for forecasting and on air severe weather coverage, making ARMOR the first dual polarimetric capable radar utilized by a television station. The data received from the radar is continuously archived at the National Space Science and Technology Center at UAH for full volumetric and surveillance scans.
ARMOR also deploys a live feed to the Huntsville National Weather Service Office making it one of the first NWS offices to gain first-hand experience with dual-pol radar. Currently, as of 2022, the entirety of the National NEXRAD network operates with dual-polarimetric capabilities.
External links
ARMOR Radar Specifications
Baron Services
References
Weather radars
Tobias Borchgrevink Børkeeiet (born 18 April 1999) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as midfielder for the Eliteserien club Rosenborg.
Club career
Stabæk
He grew up at Bekkestua and entered the youth department of Stabæk at the age of five. He climbed through the ranks and attended the sport secondary school NTG Bærum. On 11 March 2018, Børkeeiet made his professional debut for Stabæk, in an away match against Strømsgodset. Marcus Pedersen scored twice on behalf of the home team, but goals from Franck Boli and Ohi Omoijuanfo secured a 2–2 draw. Børkeeiet started the game on the bench and made an appearance as a substitute for Hugo Vetlesen four minutes before full-time by head coach Toni Ordinas. He scored his first goal on 5 December 2018, in a relegation play-off match against Aalesunds FK, which was the only goal of the game, as Stabæk won 1–0 and secured another season in the top-flight Eliteserien.
By the time of his departure in July 2019, he had made 44 appearances and scored one goal for Stabæk.
Brøndby
On 5 July 2019, Børkeeiet moved to Denmark to join Superliga club Brøndby IF on a five-year contract, for an undisclosed fee, reported to be around €1.1 million. He made his official debut for the club six days later as a substitute in a 4–1 home win over Inter Turku in the first qualifying round of the 2019–20 UEFA Europa League. In September, Børkeeiet suffered a hip injury keeping him out for some months. On 9 January 2020, it was decided that the injury would need surgery, which was performed a week later.
Børkeeiet returned to the pitch on 20 September 2020, making a substitute appearance in Brøndby's 2–1 away win over rivals FC Copenhagen in the Copenhagen Derby.
On 8 August 2021, Børkeeiet scored his first goal for the club – also against FC Copenhagen in the Copenhagen Derby – which ended in a 4–2 away loss.
Rosenborg
On 25 January 2022, Børkeeiet signed a three-year contract with Rosenborg. He made his competitive debut for the club on 3 April, immediately scoring a brace against defending champions Bodø/Glimt to secure a 2–2 draw.
International career
Børkeeiet represented the Norway national under-19 team, and participated in the 2018 UEFA European Under-19 Championship which took place in Finland. During the tournament, he made three appearances as a starter.
Børkeeiet then played for the under-20 team at the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Poland. During the tournament, he gained three caps as a starter. He distinguished himself by providing two assists, against Uruguay (3–1 loss) and Honduras (12–0 win).
He received his first selection with the Norway under-21 team on 11 September 2018 for a UEFA Under-21 Euro 2019 qualifier against Azerbaijan, which ended in a 1–3 win.
Career statistics
Honours
Brøndby
Danish Superliga: 2020–21
References
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bærum
Norwegian footballers
Norway youth international footballers
Norway under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Eliteserien players
Danish Superliga players
Stabæk Fotball players
Brøndby IF players
Rosenborg BK players
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
The men's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay event at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held on 24 June 2018 at the Campclar Aquatic Center.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Mediterranean Games records were as follows:
Results
The final was held at 19:12.
References
Men's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay
Peace Never Comes (Spanish:La paz empieza nunca) is a 1960 Spanish drama film directed by León Klimovsky and starring Adolfo Marsillach, Concha Velasco and Carmen de Lirio. It is set in the years following the Spanish Civil War. A man uses his relationship with a former lover to infiltrate a group of Republican insurgents against Francoist Spain.
Partial cast
Adolfo Marsillach as Juan López, a Falangist.
Concha Velasco as Paula
Carmen de Lirio as Pura
Carlos Casaravilla as Dóriga
Kanda Jaque as Carmina
Antonio Casas as Pedro
Jesús Puente as Mencia
Mario Berriatúa as Jorge
José Manuel Martín
Arturo López
Mara Laso as Concha
References
Bibliography
Bentley, Bernard. A Companion to Spanish Cinema. Boydell & Brewer 2008.
External links
1961 drama films
Spanish drama films
1961 films
1960s Spanish-language films
Films directed by León Klimovsky
Films about the Spanish Maquis
1960s Spanish films
The Hundred of Louth is a hundred within County of Flinders, South Australia. It is on the Eyre Peninsula and was proclaimed in 1857.
The traditional owners of the land are the Nauo peoples.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Louth
l
Grevillea rudis is a shrub of the genus Grevillea native to an area along the west coast in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.<ref name=FB>{{FloraBase|name=Grevillea rudis|id=2086}}</ref>
The loose, spreading to erect shrub typically grows to a height of and has non-glaucous branchlets. It has simple flat, spathulate, irregularly lobed leaves with a blade that is long and wide. It blooms sporadically throughout the year and produces a terminal raceme regular inflorescence with cream or yellow flowers and white or cream styles. Later it forms obovoid or ellipsoidal glandular hairy fruit that is long. It will regenerate from seed only. It is similar to Grevillea althoferorum but with more deeply divided leaves and with fewer-flowered conflorescences.G. rudis is found amongst medium to low trees or on heathland. It grows in gravelly, sandy or loamy soils, in an area between Eneabba to Jurien Bay and inland to Watheroo.
It was first described by Carl Meisner in 1855 in Hooker's Journal of Botany and Kew Garden Miscellany Volume 7. In 1995 it was recognised as 'Rare' in J.D.Briggs & J.H.Leighs Rare or Threatened Australian Plants''.
See also
List of Grevillea species
References
rudis
Endemic flora of Western Australia
Eudicots of Western Australia
Proteales of Australia
Taxa named by Carl Meissner
Nelda (or Nella) Garrone (born c. 1880) was an Italian mezzo-soprano, best known for her interpretations of comprimaria roles in some of the earliest complete opera recordings.
There is no information on Garrone's place of birth, her early years and her vocal studies. She probably made her debut in 1907 at the Teatro Lirico in Milan as Suzuki in Giacomo Puccini's Madama Butterfly. From that point she had a notable career as a comprimaria mezzo-soprano, performing parts like Maddalena in Giuseppe Verdi's Rigoletto, Afra in Alfredo Catalani's La Wally, Contessa di Coigny and Madelon in Umberto Giordano's Andrea Chénier, Marta and Pantalis in Arrigo Boito's Mefistofele, Wockle in Puccini's La fanciulla del West and others. In 1908 she was heard as Suzuki at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires in the local premiere of Madama Butterfly opposite Maria Farneti as Cio-Cio-San and as Pinkerton. The next year she sang the same role at the Teatro La Fenice in Venice. In 1918 Garrone made her debut at La Scala, appearing in the premiere of Alberto Favara's new opera Urania, and kept singing there till 1925, often under the direction of Arturo Toscanini. In addition to that, in 1922 she was seen as Clorinda in Gioachino Rossini's La Cenerentola at the Teatro Regio di Torino and in 1924 appeared at the Teatro Dal Verme in Milan in the premiere of Carlo Jachino's opera Giocondo e il suo Re. Her last appearances were in 1925.
The name of Nelda Garrone is familiar to 78RMPs collectors, as she is known to have recorded five comprimaria parts in three early HMV complete opera sets included in the La Scala series conducted by Carlo Sabajno. They are Maddalena and Giovanna in Verdi's Rigoletto (1916, with Giuseppe Danise, Ayres Borghi-Zerni and Carlo Broccardi); Marthe in Charles Gounod's Faust (1920, with Giuliano Romagnoli, Gemma Bosini and Fernando Autori) and Contessa di Coigny and Mulatta Bersi in Giordano's Andrea Chénier (1921, with Luigi Lupato, Valentina Bartolomasi and Adolfo Pacini). Garrone's other recordings include two fragments from Rigoletto and Il trovatore made for the Lyrophon label.
References
1880s births
20th-century deaths
Year of death missing
Place of birth missing
20th-century Italian women opera singers
Italian operatic mezzo-sopranos
Pakovraće is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 479 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Dmitri Vladimirovich Bugakov (; born 19 June 1979) is a Russian former professional footballer.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Russian First Division in 1997 for FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
Honours
Russian Premier League champion: 2001.
References
1979 births
Sportspeople from Lipetsk
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
FC Spartak Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC Salyut Belgorod players
FC Sokol Saratov players
FC Metallurg Lipetsk players
Kelly Watson is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away portrayed by Katrina Hobbs. She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 28 August 1995 and departed on 25 April 1997.
Casting
Hobbs is from New Zealand, where she worked with actor Craig McLachlan on a film. He convinced her to work overseas and she soon moved to Australia. Only a short number of weeks later she secured the role of Kelly. She officially joined Home and Away in August 1995. To prepare for the role Hobbs followed doctors around Sydney's St. Vincent hospital and took notes. In an interview with Daniel Dasey from The Sydney Morning Herald, Hobbs told of how her fellow cast members labelled her "Doctor Death", following the death of Shane Parrish (Dieter Brummer).
Development
Producers paired Kelly with Travis Nash (Nic Testoni) for a relationship storyline. Hobbs believed that Kelly and Travis were a good match. She told a reporter from Inside Soap that "Kelly's a real go-getter and has tremendous drive, which I love. While Travis is relaxed, quiet and into nature – plus he's gorgeous! They're great together."
Writers created a HIV scare story for the doctor which played out following an accident at work. Kelly cuts herself when she is treating a HIV positive patient. She has to take a test for the virus and is forced to wait for the results. The story highlighted prejudice that exists around the condition as Kelly hoped her friends would support her, but she falls victim to the "small-town prejudice" in Summer Bay. Hobbs said "it's a terrible time for Kelly, not only does she face closed minds but she has to dump her boyfriend too." Kelly fears that staying with Travis could lead to him contracting HIV too. The actress added "she feels that for Travis' sake she should back off. She doesn't want to risk infecting him if the test results are positive."
The story was challenging for Hobbs because she had two friends who died from AIDS as a result of HIV. She recalled that it was heartbreaking but credited the story with a "terrific response" from viewers in the Australian outback, where she believed attitudes towards the illness were changing.
Hobbs decided to leave Home and Away in 1997. Hobbs admitted that while she was sad about leaving, she wanted to move on and get into feature films. She also planned to take some of her character's attributes and apply them to her own life. In Kelly's final storyline, she decides not to go through with her wedding to Travis, as she knows that he does not want to move to the city. Instead she leaves alone for a new job.
Storylines
Kelly is first seen at Northern Districts Hospital seen treating Nelson McFarlane (Laurence Bruels), who has been badly burned in the recent bushfire. She meets Steven Matheson (Adam Willits) who is visiting Nelson and there seems to be a spark between the pair of them. When Kelly decides to move to Summer Bay to be nearer work, She and Steven rent Travis' house. Travis returns from Canada and moves in, much to Kelly's chagrin. There is visible tension between Kelly and Travis and this leads to the destruction of a tape exonerating Steven, who has been accused of murdering his nemesis Brian "Dodge" Forbes (Kelly Dingwall). Dodge kidnaps Kelly in order to lure Steven into a final showdown and leaves her tied up in the boot of his car. Travis rescues Kelly and finds her severely dehydrated. Kelly and Travis soon become close and begin a relationship. Kelly's sister Rachel (Tasma Walton) visits and is involved in a car crash that ends up killing her boyfriend, Rick (Andrew Rododera) and blames Kelly for not doing enough to save him.
While taking blood from a patient, Kelly's is pricked by a needle and is horrified to learn that the patient is HIV-positive and may be infected. News travels around town and Ailsa Stewart (Judy Nunn), although supportive, refuses to let Kelly treat her son Duncan (Lewis Devaney) when he suffers a cut. Ken Treloar (Stan Zemanek) the host of a talk show on local radio begins targeting Ailsa over her treatment of Kelly, but Kelly rings in to defend her. The tests arrive back and Kelly is relieved when they are negative. Kelly finds herself the target of a hate campaign perpetrated by Debbie Salter (Kim Lewis), a woman obsessed with Travis, who plants a funnel web spider in Kelly's bed, possibly intending to kill her. Kelly and Travis then take out a restraining order against Debbie.
Kelly later finds herself in the unexpected position of mother figure when Stephanie Mboto (Fleur Beaupert) the younger sister of Travis' late girlfriend arrives in Summer Bay. After Steven is fired from teaching after his relationship with Selina Roberts (Tempany Deckert) is exposed, Kelly offers support but he turns on her and Travis and launches a verbal outburst that leads to Travis punching him and evicting him. When Ailsa's husband, Alf (Ray Meagher) undergoes an emergency bypass operation and suffers complications, Kelly is forced to operate on him in theatre after the operating doctor James McLaren (Grant Dodwell) leaves to play a round of golf. She keeps Alf alive until McLaren returns. Ailsa is annoyed and threatens to sue should anything go wrong with Alf's surgery until Pippa Ross (Debra Lawrence) points out that Kelly should never have been put in that situation.
Kelly's parents Murray (Ron Graham) and Carol (Rona Coleman) arrive, much to her shock and announce they are divorcing. Murray stays for a while and Travis asks him for Kelly's hand in marriage. Travis then proposes directly and she accepts but Kelly feels that living in a country town like Summer Bay is not for her and she decides to take a job in the city. Travis agrees to go with her but Kelly realises that city life is not for Travis and leaves alone after leaving a note for Travis saying she still loves him.
Reception
For her portrayal of Kelly, Hobbs received a nomination for the Logie Award for Most Popular New Talent in 1996. A viewer wrote into The Daily Mirror and asked "wouldn't it be nice if our GPs were like Kelly from Home And Away? Everytime the hospital appears, there she is, whatever the department. And anyone sick gets a home visit." An Inside Soap reporter stated "tall, dark and smart, she's the dishiest doc on the box, setting pulses racing all over Summer Bay! Men are ready to duel at dawn over who's going to win her heart, and blood pressure is rising to dangerous levels!"
References
Home and Away characters
Fictional physicians
Television characters introduced in 1995
Fictional female doctors
Female characters in television
Graham Knight may refer to:
Graham Knight (footballer, born 1952), English former professional footballer
Graham Knight (broadcaster) (1949–2009), British broadcaster, journalist and author
Graham Knight (Australian footballer) (born 1931), Australian rules football player for Fitzroy
Lapiedra is a genus of Western Mediterranean plants in the Amaryllis family. It now contains only one known species, Lapiedra martinezii, native to Spain and Morocco.
Two other former species are considered members of other genera (Narcissus and Traubia).
Lapiedra chilensis - Traubia modesta
Lapiedra gracilis - Narcissus cavanillesii
References
Bibliography
Rios et al. Biogeographical patterns and phenological changes in Lapiedra martinezii Lag. related to its alkaloid diversity. 2013
Amaryllidoideae
Monotypic Amaryllidaceae genera
Flora of Morocco
Flora of Spain
Taxa named by Mariano Lagasca
Schwienau is a river of Lower Saxony, Germany. It is a left tributary of the Gerdau.
The Schwienau is long. It rises in the Weidebruch north of Brockhöfe near Wriedel. Initially the Schwienau flows through near-natural grassland landscape. After it has been straightened and directed past a pumping station. It discharges north of (a district of the municipality Gerdau) into the river Gerdau.
The Schwienau has been artificially straightened throughout much of its route and rarely flows in its natural channel. The banks either side are mainly used for agriculture. Only at Wriedel and east of it the river runs through small woods and untended heath. Its fluvial sediment consists mainly of sand and mud. This affords a habitat particularly for leeches, snails and shrimp-like animals called scuds. Its water is generally only moderately contaminated.
Tributaries
See also
List of rivers of Lower Saxony
References
Rivers of Lower Saxony
Rivers of Germany
The Karo Hills () are rounded, ice-free foothills extending for along the west side of the terminus of Scott Glacier, from Mount Salisbury north-northwest to the edge of the Ross Ice Shelf. They were first seen and roughly mapped by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition, 1928–30, and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Admiral H. Arnold Karo, Director of the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, 1955–65.
References
Hills of Antarctica
Amundsen Coast
Göran Harry Svensson (11 June 1945 —) is a former Swedish footballer (midfielder).
Harry Svensson debuted for IFK Göteborg in 1965. In 1971, Svensson joined Djurgårdens IF. He made 124 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored 44 goals. Later, Svensson joined Västerås SK.
References
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Allsvenskan players
IFK Göteborg players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
1945 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Tlungvel is a large village located in Thingsulthliah Block of Aizawl district, Mizoram.
Demographics
A total 559 families reside in Tlungvel. Tlungvel has population of 2529 of which 1238 are males while 1291 are females as per Population Census 2011.
In Tlungvel the population of children with age 0-6 is 339 which makes up 13.40% of total population of village. Average Sex Ratio of Tlungvel is 1043 which is higher than Mizoram state average of 976. Child Sex Ratio for Tlungvel as per census is 994, higher than Mizoram average of 970.
Literacy
Tlungvel village has higher literacy rate compared to Mizoram. In 2011, literacy rate of Tlungvel was 97.17% compared to 91.33% of Mizoram. In Tlungvel Male literacy stands at 96.72% while female literacy rate was 97.59%.
Administration
As per constitution of India and Panchayati Raj Act, Tlungvel is administrated by the Village Council Head who is elected representative of the villagers.
Education
Tlungvel has four primary schools, two middle schools and a high school all run by the state government. It also has one English Medium school run by the Presbyterian Church and a government lump-sum aided Higher Secondary school.
It has also one Computer Learning Centre, Located at Venghlun, Tlungvel Near Presbyterian Churh of Mizoram, Tlungvel Venghlun, Run by Upa RM Zahlira and family.
Healthcare
There is a Primary Health Sub-Centre within the village. The Community Health Centre located at the adjoining village of Thingsulthliah is the nearest hospital that can be accessed by the villagers.
References
Villages in Aizawl district
Nyékonakpoé is a neighborhood of Lomé, Togo.
References
Neighborhoods of Lomé
Idavine is a heritage-listed detached house at 2 Burnett Street, West Ipswich, City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. It was built . It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
History
Idavine, a residence at 2 Burnett Street, West Ipswich, is a timber house for which existing evidence indicates a construction date during the Federation Period.
The allotment on which this residence is situated was first alienated in 1855 as allotment 100, parish of Ipswich, county Stanley (), by Henry Mort at a cost of . Mort was a pastoralist and company director as well as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council between 1881 and 1900. The allotment appears to have remained unoccupied during the 11 years of Mort's ownership.
In August 1866, the title to allotment 100 was transferred to William Berry, an Ipswich district farmer. Although extant records indicate Berry was a farmer by occupation, it is known that he was also a landowner and was referred to in his death documents as a freeholder. Between 1852 and 1854 he purchased three town lots in Cleveland, Brisbane, and in 1855 was the owner of the property, adjacent to 2 Burnett Street, at 1 Burnett Street (allotment 101). Berry resided in a modest timber cottage at 1 Burnett Street until when he built a brick house and Ipswich Municipal Council Valuation Registers indicate he utilized allotment 100 (2 Burnett Street) as his garden. By 1870, Berry had also acquired Lots 98 and 99 next to 2 Burnett Street, and the area became generally known as Berry's Hill.
Despite Berry's real estate interests in Burnett Street, allotment 100 remained unimproved during his ownership. In 1886 title to the land was transferred to August Knopke and it appears that Knopke erected a timber house on the property -88 as his residence, as indicated in the Ipswich Municipal Council Valuation Register for 1888.
No documentary evidence exists to definitively date the residence which is now located at 2 Burnett Street, however the overall form of the house, ascertained through site inspection, suggests it was built in the Federation period, possibly after the turn of the century. It is unlikely that the current house was constructed by August Knopke and the link between the name "Idavine" and its owner in 1913, Ida Retschlag (née Boettcher), may be significant.
Retschlag remained as the registered owner of the property until 1918 when it passed into the hands of Sophia Helena Lewis, daughter of Carl Friedrich Wilhelm Runge & Wilhelmine Charlotte Runge. The property remained in the Lewis-Runge family for the next 60 years and it was reputedly during this period that the house was at one-time used as flats. It is significant to note that following the establishment of an immigration incentive scheme in Germany during the late 19th century, German emigrants formed close communities in many Queensland towns and the association of this house with German owners from 1886 onwards is symptomatic of their influential presence in the Ipswich area.
Since the mid-1970s the property has passed between several owners and remains a well-preserved example of the architectural style of its era.
Description
Idavine is located on a compact lot facing Burnett Street to its north-east. It sits atop a hill approximately from the Ipswich town center. The house is situated approximately from the front fence line at its narrowest point and at its widest. The eastern face of the building is approximately from the side boundary, and the western face is approximately from the boundary at the narrowest point. The front verandah provides the visitor with an uninterrupted vista along Limestone Street, the approach route from the town centre.
The house is timber-framed and externally clad on its exposed faces in chamferboards. All its original timber stumps have been replaced with concrete ones. While the timber floor framing appeared to be in good condition, it was noted that a number of steel bearers had been introduced. Painted timber battens screen the gaps between each exterior concrete stump. The building has two gable projections on the front facade. The smaller of the two sits above the verandah, while the other incorporates a triple window. The main roof is short-ridged and slopes continuously to the edge of the verandah. Where the kitchen abuts the dining room, the main roof is joined to another short-ridged roof sloping at right angles to it. The entire roof is of corrugated galvanized iron with recently installed vents in each ridge.
The bargeboards to the verandah gable are shaped and rounded at each end, with a star pattern cut out from the resulting panel of timber. The triangular gable infill is made of decorated timber. A similarly ornate infill panel adorns the other larger gable. It projects approximately from the wall below and is supported by carved timber brackets. A double set is located either side of the triple window below. A finial projects from the gable's ridge.
Entry to the verandah is gained via stairs at right angles to the gable projection and through a set of double lattice doors. Its open edge is decorated with tapering, chamfered timber posts. Between each post is an arched frieze panel in-filled with timber battens and divided by a carved timber drop. The ends of the arched friezes rest on timber capitals. The open edge is also decorated with cast iron baluster panels and balusters beneath a timber handrail. The panels display a cornucopia design motif featuring two horns, one filled with fruit and the other with vegetables. Below the symmetrically curved horns are bunches of wheat and another plant. Located centrally at the bottom of the panel, where the ends of each bunch cross, is a horseshoe. The balustrading pattern matches one registered in Victoria on 7 April 1892 by J Cochrane & G Scott.
The combined effect of the cast iron balustrading and the decorative timberwork to the verandah is to give the house a strong street presence. This is despite the fact that these elements are hidden somewhat by foliage. The cast iron balustrading and handrail continues for almost the entire length of the eastern face of the house; however part of the verandah is enclosed with windows.
The framing is exposed on the exterior face of the building adjoining the verandah. This wall is single skin, vertically jointed tongue and groove boarding. Exposed framing is found elsewhere facing the kitchen and sleep-out areas. A tripartite, double-hung sash window opens from the verandah into the current living room. A casement window opens between the sleep-out and verandah. The front door, consisting of one side panel and a pivoting glass fanlight, also opens off the verandah. Next to the front door is fixed a timber plaque on which the name "Idavine" is painted in gold. It was in place when the current owners took possession of the property in 2001.
The front door opens onto a hall with an approximately high ceiling. The ceilings in all rooms, except the kitchen, laundry and sleep-out (enclosed verandah), are this height. The hall is divided in two by an arched doorway, on either side of which are fixed glass panels. The walls are lined with vertically jointed tongue and groove boarding, as are all other walls in the house. In the hall are located the only skirting boards to be found in the house. The floor is polished timber boarding, as are all others excluding those in the bathroom, ensuite, kitchen and laundry. The ceilings in both segments of the hallway are pressed metal, as are the cornices. There are further pressed metal ceilings in the living room, kitchen and main bedroom. All other ceilings, excluding those in the sleep-out and verandah, which are sheeted, are lined with vertically jointed tongue and groove boarding.
Six rooms open off the hallway, two to the left, three to the right and one to the rear. Above each doorway (all fitted with timber doors) is a decorated frieze panel, except above the rear door where there is a pivoted fanlight. The rooms to the left are the current living and dining rooms, which are joined by a large, rectangular shaped opening. Its shape and the difference in ceiling finishes in each room suggest that this was an amendment to the original plan. Both rooms have doorways onto the sleep-out that feature frieze panels. The living room's pressed metal ceiling incorporates a border and concave cornice. In the centre is located a single square featuring a cherub. In the rear wall of the dining room there is an unusual shaped opening. Above a long rectangular servery is centered a square fixed glass panel. This panel's head height matches those of the doors, as does its width. Therefore, it could have been a door at some point. The framing for the hallway walls is exposed in the rooms opening off it.
The majority of rooms with windows opening through the western and southern facades of the house have skillion hoods. Those that do not are sheltered by the overhang of the ensuite's skillion roof. The hoods feature flat, galvanized iron roofs, timber battens to each side and carved timber brackets. All windows are double-hung sashes, except three opening off the ensuite, which are casement.
The last room to open to the right off the hallway has a picture rail fixed at a height of approximately . In its western wall a door opens into an ensuite. This was built after an application was made by the current owners to the Heritage Branch in November 2001. The ensuite fills in what had been a small entry verandah accessed by a short flight of stairs. The stairs remain, as does the lattice door that once opened into the verandah. One of the ensuite's three casement windows has been covered, although it is visible on the exterior. The door between the bedroom and ensuite has a fixed glass panel above and a timber threshold.
In plan, the kitchen is "L" shaped and one enters from the hallway at its corner. Three more rooms open off this space. The first is currently (2003) a main bedroom, the second is the main bathroom, and the third room is a small laundry. A bank of timber, casement windows line the external wall of the kitchen, and open onto a patio, which is recent and roofed with clear PVC sheeting. Both doors accessing these rooms from the kitchen have timber thresholds. The main bathroom has a tiled floor from the later part of the twentieth century. Its walls are lined with vertically jointed tongue and groove, and pine boarding divided by a picture rail at door head height. The bedroom's only window is divided into three parts.
The ceiling to the kitchen slopes to match that found in the sleep-out and verandah areas. In the south-west corner of the house, where the kitchen opens into the sleep-out, there are two windows. One is fixed glass and visible on the rear facade. The other window can only be seen from inside the toilet, which has been added to the building, possibly when it was used as flats. Taking the evidence of the slope in the ceilings and the location of timber thresholds, fixed glass panels above doors, and exposed framing, it is likely that the kitchen space was open at some point.
Grounds
The front fence consists of painted timber frame and palings atop a low, stepped brick wall. The pedestrian and driveway entry gates are made of white, painted tubular steel. A brick pathway leads from the pedestrian gate to the entry stairs. A large palm tree shelters part of the front facade, extending the height of the house's western gable end. There is some small to medium size shrubbery situated within the zone of the front setback.
When moving around the exterior of the house, it becomes clear that a number of level changes occur on the lot. In general terms, a continuous step divides the eastern and western sides of the lot. The western area is flat and allows cars to be driven along the driveway and under the rear of the house. A step of approximately runs perpendicular from the rear boundary and meets the underside of the house where the patio has been attached. It moves underneath the house and the difference in level is dissipated toward the front boundary. The eastern half of the yard is also largely flat. Adjoining the verandah are three established trees and some low planting. A large brick BBQ sits against the eastern fence at the point where the patio stairs empty out.
Heritage listing
Idavine was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
Idavine at 2 Burnett Street is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history and is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places insofar as it is a representative example of Federation-style residential architecture in a precinct of Ipswich containing historically significant timber and brick houses. Its long association with German owners from 1886 onwards is also indicative of the influential presence of German emigrants in Queensland following the well-planned immigration scheme established in Germany during the late 19th century.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
Idavine at 2 Burnett Street is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history and is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places insofar as it is a representative example of Federation-style residential architecture in a precinct of Ipswich containing historically significant timber and brick houses.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
It is also important because of its aesthetic significance, which contributes to the overall historical character of the Burnett Street precinct. As a whole, the streetscape of Ipswich abounds with significant examples of early Queensland housing and architecture and this residence remains an important and well-preserved example of Federation housing in the area. Its well-maintained state also gives it individual aesthetic value, with many of its original internal and external features intact.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
West Ipswich, Queensland
Houses in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Maly Uzen () or Kishi Uzen (, Kishi Ózen; ), known as the Saryozen in Kazakhstan, is a river in Saratov Oblast of Russia and West Kazakhstan Province of Kazakhstan. It is long, with a drainage basin of , 55% in Russia and 45% in Kazakhstan. The river form part of the Kazakhstan–Russia border.
The Maly Uzen has its sources north of the town Yershov, on the western edge of the Obshchy Syrt plateau in Russia, and flows in a generally southerly direction over the steppes of the Caspian Depression. It terminates in Lake Sorajdyn of West-Kazakhstan, part of a network of small lakes and swamps called the Kamysh-Samarsk lakes. The Maly Uzen runs parallel to the Bolshoy Uzen River, some further east.
Most of the river's waters comes from melting snow, and its discharge it therefore at its peak in April, while in the summer parts of the river will dry up completely. At the village of Maly Uzen the discharge varies from . The river freezes over in December, and stays icebound to the end of March or beginning of April.
The river is used for water supply and irrigation. Water quality tests conducted in 2005 in the Russian section indicated 'moderately polluted'. A 2011 report by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe listed the discharge of wastewater, surface run-off, sediments and riverbank erosion as damaging to water quality.
References
Rivers of Saratov Oblast
Rivers of Kazakhstan
International rivers of Europe
Chiara Bottici (born 24 January 1975) is an Italian philosopher and writer.
Biography
Bottici is Associate Professor of Philosophy and Director of Gender Studies at The New School for Social Research and Eugene Lang College, New York. Bottici studied philosophy at the University of Florence, then obtained a PhD from the European University Institute in 2004. After a post-doctorate at the SUM (Istituto Italiano di Science Umane) under the guidance of Roberto Esposito, she taught at the University of Frankfurt, subsequently joining the faculty of The New School for Social Research, where she has been teaching since 2010.
Bottici is known for her work on how images and imagination affect politics and her feminist experimental writings. Her work has explored the role that images and imagination play in politics. She is the author of a variety of texts, most recently A Feminist Mythology (Bloomsbury Academic 2022) and Anarchafeminism (Bloomsbury Academic 2021). With Jacob Blumenfeld and Simon Critchley, she also edited The Anarchist Turn (Pluto Press, 2013).
Major works
Bottici's philosophical work is devoted to exploring the politics of imagination in its different aspects, from a general theory about the role of images in politics to more specific inquiries into sexism, heteronormativity, ethnonationalism, Eurocentrism, Islamophobia, racism, and the coloniality of power.
Political analogies and metaphors
Bottici's work examines the function of the metaphor of the state as a person within the Western canon of political philosophy and its fate in the contemporary epoch, a time in which challenges to the traditional notion of state sovereignty question the idea of clear-cut boundaries, and therefore the possibility of drawing any analogy between states and individuals. Bottici's first book, Men and States: Rethinking the Domestic Analogy in the Global Age (Italian edition ETS 2004, Eng. trans. Palgrave 2009) offered a systematic reconstruction of the role that the analogy between states and individuals has played in European modern political philosophy and in contemporary theories of globalization, where the modern sovereign state is often taken as the culminating point of political life and where the gendered dimension of political thinking is emphasized. Jan Niklas Rolf critiqued Bottici's approach as conflating the analogy between the domestic and the international realm (the domestic analogy properly understood) and the analogy between the state of nature and the international realm (the state of nature analogy).
Political myth
One of Bottici's specific contributions to social philosophy and critical theory is her philosophy of political myth developed in her work A Philosophy of Political Myth. By offering a critique in the form of a genealogy, following Nietzsche's Genealogy of Morals, Bottici provides a critical philosophical framework for the concept of political myth, explaining why political myths are a crucial ingredient of modern politics. Drawing from Hans Blumenberg's concept of Work on Myth (Arbeit am Mythos), Bottici shows myths are not objects given once and for all, but rather processes, in which their reception is an integral part of their elaboration.
Duncan Kelly states that Bottici's philosophy of political myth provides a framework within which the study of myth can be usefully deployed "and in this she has performed a useful work of Lockean philosophical underlaboring."
In 2006, Bottici started to apply her philosophy of political myth to specific case studies, collaborating with sociologist Benoît Challand. The Myth of the Clash of Civilizations follows the interdisciplinary spirit of the early Frankfurt school by combining philosophy, psychoanalysis, and empirical research to examine the roots of Islamophobia in contemporary societies, particularly in the post 9/11 Western world. Bottici and Challand argue that the image of a clash between Islam and the West is a political myth because it is a self-fulfilling prophecy nourished by centuries of Orientalism, Occidentalism, and identity politics as rooted in the history of European colonialism.
In Imagining Europe: Myth, Memory and Identity, Bottici and Challand applied their critique of ethnocentrism to Europe itself. For Bottici and Challand, the concept of Europe relies on a specific politics of imagination where mythical and historical narratives are most often intermingled. Examples include the idea that Europe was born out of the Greek Civilization, the belief in an intrinsically Christian Europe, and finally, the concept of Europe as the cradle of modernity. They argue that among Europe's founding myths, the most powerful ones are those that rely on geopolitical maps and other artefacts of the imagination, such as the division between Eastern and Western Europe or the idea of a fortress Europe.
Imaginal politics
Bottici's early work––as well as her multidisciplinary engagement with art and psychoanalysis––culminated in Imaginal Politics, a book that provides a general and systematic reflection on the link between politics and our capacity to imagine. Whereas most philosophical theories focus on imagination understood as an individual faculty that we possess or on the social imaginary understood as the social background in which we live, Bottici proposes the concept of the imaginal as an "in-between" third alternative. The imaginal, defined as the space made of images, of representations that are also presences in themselves, acts both as the result of an individual faculty as well as the product of the social context. In contrast to the term "imaginary," which maintains its connotation of unreality or alienation, as in Jacques Lacan's psychoanalytic theory, the "imaginal" does not make any ontological assumption as to the status of images, and is therefore a more malleable tool for thinking about images in an age of virtuality.
Political theorist John Grant compared Bottici's approach to the social imaginary to that of Charles Taylor and Michael Warner, arguing that, although her work is an improvement on Taylor's understanding of the social imaginary as a mere "background," Bottici fails through her dismissal of ideology in its negative form, resulting in "an abandonment of the very dialectical mode that could have reinvigorated her work." However, writer and media scholar McKenzie Wark emphasized that Bottici's philosophy of the imaginal opens the space for thinking about what precedes the division between real and unreal as well as that between the individual and the social, and, as such, it is a welcome contribution to thinking about the destiny of images in a time when the technological transformations of capitalism have tightened the link between politics and the images to such a degree that "they are no longer what mediates our doing politics but rather what risks doing politics in our stead."
Bottici's account on imaginal politics is critically examined in the collection, Debating Imaginal Politics: Dialogues with Chiara Bottici (Rowman & Littlefield Publishers 2021).
Transindividuality
Bottici's work on the imaginal, as this third alternative between the individual and the social reflects her efforts to move towards a new social ontology. In a 2017 interview, Bottici states that "to understand the present, we have to understand how we actually got here, which other roads we missed on the way, and thus, also, possibly whether we can get off this path," explaining her work as animated by the question, "where is the new coming from?" Drawing from her work on Baruch Spinoza and on Etienne Balibar's reading of Spinoza's Ethics, Bottici embraced the concept of the transindividual, contributing to the development of a philosophy of transindividuality. In a 2017 seminar on mass psychology and Trumpism with Judith Butler, Bottici emphasized the ongoing production and receipt of the political image as a mode of the ongoing production and receipt of the political self.
Anarcha-feminism
The philosophy of transindividuality, according to which individuals must be understood not as objects, but as continuous and contingent processes of association that happen at to inter-, infra-, and supra-individual level, is central to Bottici's feminist writings. Her recent work in this area elaborates a contemporary theory of anarcha-feminism, which argues against a one single principle (or arché) that explains gender oppression, and emphasizes ongoing interrogations of specific intersections of class, race, empire, sexuality, hetero- and cis- normativity. Bottici connects intersectional feminism and the anarcho-feminism of the past to argue that "another woman is possible." As Bottici argues, "bodies are plural and plural is their oppression," therefore anarcha-feminism is a philosophic methodology for going beyond gendered racial and social division and "thus also, in a way, beyond feminism itself."
Bottici's editorial work and writing for The New School's Public Seminar, an online forum dedicated to creating a global intellectual common, and her multiple performances in the global Night of Philosophy project, founded by philosopher and curator Mériam Korichi, reflect Bottici's engagement with philosophy as a critical practice as well as a practice of critique.
Feminist experimental writings
Along with her academic and philosophical work, Bottici is also known for her creative writing, particularly her feminist experimental writings. Whereas Bottici's academic work provides a philosophy of the imaginal, her experimental writings put forward an imaginal philosophy, that is, a form of polystylism where literary images convey philosophical ideas.
An important part of her work in this area was devoted to retelling the myths of femininity from the point of view of contemporary time, transforming figures of the old patriarchal mythology, such as Sheherazade, Ariadne, and Europa, into feminist symbols. Bottici's retelling of the myth of the "city of women" recalls Monique Wittig's Les guerrilieres, as well as other works in the écriture féminine tradition. Writer and critic Gabriele Pedulla described Bottici's reappropriation of the myths of femininity as a "magic that breaks the order," a magic that reminds us of the work of Massimo Bontempelli, the Italian theorist of magic realism and inspirer of Italo Calvino, but also the "euphoric rupture" of surrealist literature.
Bottici's creative practice has extended to Anglophone poetry and the art of the libretto, including her collaboration with composer and multimedia artist Jean-Baptiste Barriere. A preview of the opera, titled "The Art of Change," was performed in 2019 at The Festival of the New.
References
Living people
1975 births
Feminist philosophers
Italian political philosophers
Philosophers of sexuality
Gender studies academics
Feminist theorists
Social philosophy
A screen reader is a form of assistive technology (AT) that renders text and image content as speech or braille output. Screen readers are essential to people who are blind, and are useful to people who are visually impaired, illiterate, or have a learning disability. Screen readers are software applications that attempt to convey what people with normal eyesight see on a display to their users via non-visual means, like text-to-speech, sound icons, or a braille device. They do this by applying a wide variety of techniques that include, for example, interacting with dedicated accessibility APIs, using various operating system features (like inter-process communication and querying user interface properties), and employing hooking techniques.
Microsoft Windows operating systems have included the Microsoft Narrator screen reader since Windows 2000, though separate products such as Freedom Scientific's commercially available JAWS screen reader and ZoomText screen magnifier and the free and open source screen reader NVDA by NV Access are more popular for that operating system. Apple Inc.'s macOS, iOS, and tvOS include VoiceOver as a built-in screen reader, while Google's Android provides the Talkback screen reader and its Chrome OS can use ChromeVox. Similarly, Android-based devices from Amazon provide the VoiceView screen reader. There are also free and open source screen readers for Linux and Unix-like systems, such as Speakup and Orca.
Types
Command-line (text)
In early operating systems, such as MS-DOS, which employed command-line interfaces (CLIs), the screen display consisted of characters mapping directly to a screen buffer in memory and a cursor position. Input was by keyboard. All this information could therefore be obtained from the system either by hooking the flow of information around the system and reading the screen buffer or by using a standard hardware output socket and communicating the results to the user.
In the 1980s, the Research Centre for the Education of the Visually Handicapped (RCEVH) at the University of Birmingham developed a Screen Reader for the BBC Micro and NEC Portable.
Graphical
Off-screen models
With the arrival of graphical user interfaces (GUIs), the situation became more complicated. A GUI has characters and graphics drawn on the screen at particular positions, and therefore there is no purely textual representation of the graphical contents of the display. Screen readers were therefore forced to employ new low-level techniques, gathering messages from the operating system and using these to build up an "off-screen model", a representation of the display in which the required text content is stored.
For example, the operating system might send messages to draw a command button and its caption. These messages are intercepted and used to construct the off-screen model. The user can switch between controls (such as buttons) available on the screen and the captions and control contents will be read aloud and/or shown on a refreshable braille display.
Screen readers can also communicate information on menus, controls, and other visual constructs to permit blind users to interact with these constructs. However, maintaining an off-screen model is a significant technical challenge; hooking the low-level messages and maintaining an accurate model are both difficult tasks.
Accessibility APIs
Operating system and application designers have attempted to address these problems by providing ways for screen readers to access the display contents without having to maintain an off-screen model. These involve the provision of alternative and accessible representations of what is being displayed on the screen accessed through an API. Existing APIs include:
Android Accessibility Framework
Apple Accessibility API
AT-SPI
IAccessible2
Microsoft Active Accessibility (MSAA)
Microsoft UI Automation
Java Access Bridge
Screen readers can query the operating system or application for what is currently being displayed and receive updates when the display changes. For example, a screen reader can be told that the current focus is on a button and the button caption to be communicated to the user. This approach is considerably easier for the developers of screen readers, but fails when applications do not comply with the accessibility API: for example, Microsoft Word does not comply with the MSAA API, so screen readers must still maintain an off-screen model for Word or find another way to access its contents. One approach is to use available operating system messages and application object models to supplement accessibility APIs.
Screen readers can be assumed to be able to access all display content that is not intrinsically inaccessible. Web browsers, word processors, icons and windows and email programs are just some of the applications used successfully by screen reader users. However, according to some users, using a screen reader is considerably more difficult than using a GUI, and many applications have specific problems resulting from the nature of the application (e.g. animations) or failure to comply with accessibility standards for the platform (e.g. Microsoft Word and Active Accessibility).
Self-voicing programs and applications
Some programs and applications have voicing technology built in alongside their primary functionality. These programs are termed self-voicing and can be a form of assistive technology if they are designed to remove the need to use a screen reader.
Cloud-based
Some telephone services allow users to interact with the internet remotely. For example, TeleTender can read web pages over the phone and does not require special programs or devices on the user side.
Virtual assistants can sometimes read out written documents (textual web content, PDF documents, e-mails etc.) The best-known examples are Apple's Siri, Google Assistant, and Amazon Alexa.
Web-based
A relatively new development in the field is web-based applications like Spoken-Web that act as web portals, managing content like news updates, weather, science and business articles for visually-impaired or blind computer users. Other examples are ReadSpeaker or BrowseAloud that add text-to-speech functionality to web content. The primary audience for such applications is those who have difficulty reading because of learning disabilities or language barriers. Although functionality remains limited compared to equivalent desktop applications, the major benefit is to increase the accessibility of said websites when viewed on public machines where users do not have permission to install custom software, giving people greater "freedom to roam".
This functionality depends on the quality of the software but also on a logical structure of the text. Use of headings, punctuation, presence of alternate attributes for images, etc. is crucial for a good vocalization. Also a web site may have a nice look because of the use of appropriate two dimensional positioning with CSS but its standard linearization, for example, by suppressing any CSS and Javascript in the browser may not be comprehensible.
Customization
Most screen readers allow the user to select whether most punctuation is announced or silently ignored. Some screen readers can be tailored to a particular application through scripting. One advantage of scripting is that it allows customizations to be shared among users, increasing accessibility for all. JAWS enjoys an active script-sharing community, for example.
Verbosity
Verbosity is a feature of screen reading software that supports vision-impaired computer users. Speech verbosity controls enable users to choose how much speech feedback they wish to hear. Specifically, verbosity settings allow users to construct a mental model of web pages displayed on their computer screen. Based on verbosity settings, a screen-reading program informs users of certain formatting changes, such as when a frame or table begins and ends, where graphics have been inserted into the text, or when a list appears in the document.
Language
Some screen readers can read text in more than one language, provided that the language of the material is encoded in its metadata.
Some screen reading programs also include language verbosity, which automatically detects verbosity settings related to speech output language. For example, if a user navigated to a website based in the United Kingdom, the text would be read with an English accent.
See also
List of screen readers
Screen magnifier
Self-voicing
Speech processing
Speech recognition
Speech synthesis
Vinux
VoiceOver
References
External links
Fangs screen reader emulatoran open-source Mozilla Firefox extension that simulates how a web page would look in JAWS
Assistive technology
The 2015–16 Fresno State Bulldogs women's basketball team represent California State University, Fresno during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Bulldogs, led by second year head coach Jaime White, play their home games at the Save Mart Center and were members of the Mountain West Conference. They finished the season 22–12, 15–3 in Mountain West play to finish in second place. They advanced to the championship game of the Mountain West Women's Tournament where they lost to Colorado State. They received an automatic big to the Women's National Invitation Tournament where they defeated Santa Clara in the first round before losing to Oregon in the second round.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#000080;"| Exitbition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#000080;"| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#000080;"| Mountain West regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#000080;"| Mountain West Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#000080;"| WNIT
See also
2015–16 Fresno State Bulldogs men's basketball team
References
Fresno State Bulldogs women's basketball seasons
Fresno State
2016 Women's National Invitation Tournament participants
Fresno
Fresno
The 2016–17 season was the 27th edition of Bayern Munich's women's section since the creation of the Frauen Bundesliga. In it the team tried to defend its second consecutive Frauen Bundesliga title and made its third appearance in the UEFA Women's Champions League.
Summary
Bayern had successfully defended its first Bundesliga title and won the 2015–16 championship too with a 10 points advantage over Wolfsburg – the largest gap between the league's champion and runner-up since the 2001–02 edition. On the other hand, in its return to the UEFA Women's Champions League, where Wolfsburg lost the final on penalties against Olympique Lyonnais, Bayern failed to progress to the later stages and was knocked out by Twente on away goals in the Round of 32. In the DFB-Pokal the team reached the semifinals, where it was eliminated by the sensation of the competition, Sand.
The day after the DFB-Pokal elimination, Bayern announced its first signing for the 2016–17 season, international Verena Faißt from Wolfsburg. Before the end of the Bundesliga another experienced German international was signed, Frankfurt's Simone Laudehr, while Eunice Beckmann left the club for NWSL's Boston Breakers.
Few days after the final Bundesliga game against Hoffenheim Bayern signed midfielder Anna Gerhardt coming from Köln, which had just been relegated. She has followed one month later by Dutch defender Stefanie van der Gragt from Twente and Jacintha Weimar, who replaced Fabienne Weber as Bayern's third goalkeeper. On the other hand, Paris St.-Germain signed Spanish midfielder Vero Boquete, and Laura Feiersinger and Raffaella Manieri, who had played few games in the 2015–16 season, signed for Sand and Brescia respectively.
Bayern failed to win its two first Bundesliga home games, tying 1–1 against Freiburg and losing 1–2 against title contender Wolfsburg. However, the team won all away games in the Bundesliga up to March, chaining six victories until they lost 1–2 against Turbine Potsdam, back to the top positions after a disappointing 2015–16 season, on December 11. Meanwhile, Bavaria had easily knocked out the Scottish and Russian runners-up Hibernian and Rossiyanka by wide aggregates (10–1 and 8–0 respectively) in the Champions League and reached the quarterfinals for the first time. Lastly it progressed easily past lower-division teams 1. FC Riegelsberg (0–15) and Arminia Ibbenbüren (0–8) in the DFB-Pokal.
In November, following the end of the 2016 Damallsvenskan, signed Fridolina Rolfö from champion Linköping. One month later Claire Falknor, having played no Bundesliga games in the first half of the season, departed to the NWSL.
On January 9 Melanie Behringer was nominated in the successor of the FIFA Women's World Player, The Best Awards. Bayern was the only team with more than one player in the top 5 positions, as Sara Däbritz ranked fifth. Meanwhile, the team held a training stage in Andalusia during the winter interseason, in which they defeated Arsenal 3–1 in a charitable friendly played in Betis' home ground.
Back into official action, Bayern defeated Freiburg and Jena before facing two crucial games against Wolfsburg in March. They lost both by 0–2 as Wolfsburg knocked them out of the DFB Pokal in the quarterfinals and set course for the title. Next they faced the Champions League's quarterfinals against 2014–15 runner-up Paris St.-Germain. Bayern won the first leg by 1–0 but suffered a 4–0 defeat in the Parc des Princes. Thus the team ended March out of the Champions League and the Pokal and with few options of winning the Bundesliga.
From April Bayern won the next three Bundesliga games before losing 4–2 against Frankfurt. On May 11 it defeated Borussia Mönchengladbach but lost all mathematical options to win the championship with Wolfsburg's 2–1 victory over Essen. Bayern now faced a head-to-head match for the other Champions League spot against Turbine Potsdam. They won it with a remarkable 0–4 scoreline, and sealed their qualification in the last game by defeating Essen by 2–0.
Transfers
Results
Numbers in brackets in league games show the team's position in the table following the match
Preseason and interseason
UEFA Women's Champions League
Frauen Bundesliga
Frauen DFB-Pokal
Bundesliga statistics
1 Senior internationals in bold
References
2016–17 in German women's football
Bayern Munich women
Women's football club seasons
Keeping Faith (1999) is the sixth novel by the bestselling American author Jodi Picoult. The book is about a custody battle involving a seven-year-old girl, Faith White, who may be seeing God.
Plot summary
When Mariah White catches her husband, Colin White, having an affair with another woman for the second time in their marriage, he files for divorce and gives her full custody of their child, Faith. After the divorce, Mariah becomes deeply depressed, while Faith develops an imaginary friend called her "Guard". Not long after, Faith begins to quote passages from the Bible, which she has never read. It's at this point that her mother takes her to see a therapist, fearing for her sanity. The therapist finds that Faith may in fact be seeing God.
News of Faith's visions (or images of God) reach Ian Fletcher, a "Teleatheist", who is travelling around the United States to debunk "miracles" that feature God. Ian shows up at the Whites' house, where he has a confrontation with Millie Epstein, Faith's grandmother. This exchange later leads to Millie having a heart attack and upon arriving at the hospital being pronounced dead. About an hour later Faith kisses her grandmother goodbye, and raises her back to life. This further increases the attention that Faith receives from the public, with complete strangers and media representatives surrounding the house, making it impossible for Faith and her mother to continue on with their lives as normal.
Faith performs a few other miracles, including healing a baby with AIDS and showing what appear to be stigmata. Colin, hearing of the commotion surrounding his daughter, sues Mariah for custody of Faith. Mariah and Faith flee to Kansas City, where they are confronted by Ian, who is visiting his autistic brother, Michael. Mariah and Faith end up staying with Ian, who promises Mariah that he will not betray them and that he will provide them with accommodation. After a confrontation with Faith trying to "heal" Michael, Ian becomes enraged. However, Mariah and Ian appear to have fallen in love. After hearing from Millie that Colin is suing her, Mariah takes Faith back home. Meanwhile, Faith is admitted to the hospital again and her mother is prevented from seeing her by the court. At this point, Faith's symptoms begin to worsen, eventually leaving her near death. Upon being reunited with her mother her health increases drastically, and in the end, Mariah is awarded custody. The holes that appeared in Faith's hands disappear, and her "Guard" vanishes. Mariah and Ian begin a romantic relationship, and they and Faith eventually live together as a family. At the end of the novel, it remains unclear whether the "Guard" is really gone forever, or is still with Faith.
Main characters
Faith White: Protagonist; the little girl who begins to see and speak to God, otherwise referred to as her "Guard".
Mariah White: Faith's mother.
Ian Fletcher: The "teleatheist" who arrives at the home of the Whites' in an effort to disprove Faith's claims of seeing and speaking to God; begins a relationship with Mariah.
Millie Epstein: Mariah's mother, she died of a heart attack, but after being kissed by Faith came back to life.
Colin White: Faith's father, sues Mariah (his ex-wife) for custody of Faith.
Connections
Ian Fletcher is featured in the 2008 novel by Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart. Faith and Mariah also make a brief appearance. The novel reveals that Ian and Mariah married and had twin boys together. Faith seems to no longer have a connection to her "Guard".
See also
Visions of Jesus and Mary
Perceptions of religious imagery in natural phenomena
Religious delusions
External links
A conversation with Jodi Picoult about Keeping Faith
1999 American novels
Novels by Jodi Picoult
Novels set in New Hampshire
Novels set in Kansas
Woodyates is a hamlet, sometimes considered a village, in the county of Dorset, near its border with Wiltshire, in the west of England.
History
The name means "wood gates" and is believed to refer to the position of Woodyates at the entrance to the wooded area of Cranborne Chase.
The topographer James Bell described it thus in 1835:
The Roman road (Ackling Dyke) is especially well preserved. In Highways and Byways in Dorset (1935), Sir Frederick Treves notes that "In no part of Dorset can the actual undisturbed Roman road be seen at greater advantage or for greater extent than about Woodyates."
A Romano-British defensive ditch called Bokerley Dyke also runs near the village.
The estate contained an important coaching inn, once called the Woodyates Inn, later the Shaftesbury Arms. This was a staging point of the Trafalgar Way, and a commemorative plaque can be seen there.
In the 18th century, Woodyates was a property of Thomas Pitt.
Woodyates was the site of the training establishment of William Day, who sent out the winners of many important horse races including Foxhall, winner of the Grand Prix de Paris, Cesarewitch and Cambridgeshire in 1881.
Notes
External links
Hamlets in Dorset
Ward and Hughes (formerly Ward and Nixon) was the name of an English company producing stained-glass windows.
History
Ward and Hughes was proceeded by the company Ward and Nixon, whose studio was at 67 Frith Street, Soho. They created large window for St Stephen Coleman Street, London. James Henry Nixon worked on the restoration of the famous medieval stained glass at St. Neots in Cornwall as early as 1829. The firm became a favourite of Charles Winston, which helped them gain prestigious commissions like the east window of Lincoln Cathedral. In 1857 Nixon died and his pupil, Henry Hughes, became the partner of Thomas Ward, and the business was renamed Ward and Hughes. Henry Hughes died on the 17th February 1883 and was buried in a family vault (no.14843) on the western side of Highgate Cemetery.
T. F. Curtis took over the firm and continued production as T. F. Curtis, Ward and Hughes until the late 1920s.
Works by Ward and Hughes
St. Michael, Sowton, West Window of North Aisle (Ward and Nixon)
Parish Church of St John the Evangelist, Wolverhampton; third window on the north side, 1882; To God be the glory, King David providing instruction to an audience of musicians.
St Mary the Virgin Staverton, Northamptonshire south aisle (1881).
Church of the Good Shepherd, Brighton; chancel and south and north chapels.
St Mary's Church, Billingshurst, West Sussex;
St Mary's, Kingsclere, Marriage at Cana of Galilee in the former Sanctuary or South Chancel aisle, now Kingsmill Room.
St James's Church, Draycot Cerne, Wiltshire; Memorial window to William, 2nd Earl Cowley (d 1895). Signed and dated 1896.
See also
Stained glass - British glass, 1811-1918
Victorian Era
Gothic Revival
References
External links
British stained glass artists and manufacturers
Glassmaking companies of England
Defunct glassmaking companies
Defunct companies of England
British companies established in 1836
1836 establishments in England
Catherine McKevitt Murphy (born 7 August 1967) is a British actress. She is known for her television roles as Tilly Watkins in the BBC drama The House of Eliott (1991–1994), Cheryl Barker in the Channel 5 soap opera Family Affairs (2003–2004), and as Julie Perkins in the BBC soap opera EastEnders (2010–2011).
Career
Born in Essex, England. Murphy studied at the Sylvia Young Theatre School. She played the role of Lorna in 1991, a love interest of Mark Fowler in soap opera EastEnders. In 2005 she returned to play the recurring role of Trisha Taylor. She had earlier played the ongoing role of Cheryl Barker in serial Family Affairs for one year. Prior to that, she played Tilly Watkins (later Foss) in The House of Elliot.
It was announced on 23 September 2010 that Murphy was to return to EastEnders for the third time, this time playing Julie Perkins, who is an old friend of long-running character Billy Mitchell. It was revealed on 21 June 2011 that Murphy had quit the role after nearly a year.
Filmography
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
British film actresses
British television actresses
British soap opera actresses
Student Action (Azione Studentesca, AS) is a far-right student movement in Italy, formerly connected to National Alliance and currently to Brothers of Italy.
History
1996–2009
The movement was founded in 1996 by Youth Action (Azione Giovani, AS), the youth wing of National Alliance. Among the early members of the association was Giorgia Meloni, who would later become a prominent right-wing leader in Italy.
The group gained notoriety when it occupied the headquarters of the Federation of Education Workers (FLC), a left-wing trade unions affiliated to the Italian General Confederation of Labour (CGIL).
After National Alliance merged with Forza Italia into The People of Freedom, Student Action was disbanded and its members joined the National Student Movement, affiliated to Young Italy, the youth wing of The People of Freedom.
Relaunch in 2016
Student Action was relaunched in 2016, this time affiliated with Brothers of Italy and its youth movement, the National Youth.
The new group is considered to be much more radical than the original one, often openly supporting neo-fascist, identitarian, communitarian and paternalistic conservative positions.
Symbol
Student Action adapted a breton cross (a variant of the celtic cross) as its symbol in 2016.
References
Brothers of Italy
Identitarian movement
Italian nationalism
Paternalistic conservatism
2016 establishments in Italy
Neo-fascist organisations in Italy
Student organisations in Italy
Ulysses' Gaze is a soundtrack album by Greek composer Eleni Karaindrou featuring music for the film Ulysses' Gaze by Theodoros Angelopoulos recorded in 1994 and released on the ECM New Series label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Stacia Proefrock awarded the album 4½ stars stating "perhaps no previous Karaindrou score contains the evocative power of her compositions for Ulysses' Gaze, the film about memory, artistic quests, and war... The theme associated with "A," the central character who serves as the Ulysses of the film's title, is a constant repetitive framework upon which small vignettes of European folk music and elegiac song are built. The effect mirrors the film's journey across a portion of Europe torn apart by political divides and war, but more importantly provides small fragments of the pure images of peace and beauty that are so essential for Ulysses to find".
Track listing
All compositions by Eleni Karaindrou except as indicated
"Ulysses' Theme" - 1:25
"Litany [Variation I]" - 3:12
"Ulysses' Theme [Variation I]" - 1:27
"Woman's Theme" - 1:10
"Ulysses' Theme [Variation II]" - 1:11
"Ulysses' Theme [Variation III]" - 1:33
"The River" - 5:01
"Ulysses' Theme" - 2:12
"Ulysses' Theme/Litany" - 6:55
"Ulysses' Gaze/Woman's Theme/Ulysses' Theme/Lento/Largo/Dance" - 17:03
"Byzantine Psalm" (Traditional) - 1:12
"Ulysses' Theme [Variation IV]" - 1:33
"Ulysses' Theme [Variation V]" - 1:32
"Ulysses' Theme [Variation VI]" - 3:36
"Ulysses' Theme/Lento/Largo" - 5:29
"Litany [Variation II]" - 3:31
"Ulysses' Theme [Variation VII]" - 1:31
Personnel
Kim Kashkashian — viola
Vangelis Christopoulos — oboe
Andreas Tsekouras — accordion
Sopcratis Anthis — trumpet
Vangelis Skouras — french horn
Christos Sfetsas — cello
Georgia Voulvi — voice
Lefteris Chalkiadakis — conductor
References
External links
ECM New Series albums
ECM Records soundtracks
Eleni Karaindrou albums
1995 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Col Murphy is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s. He played for the Newtown Jets, North Sydney and the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.
Playing career
Murphy made his debut for Newtown against South Sydney in 1976. Murphy's first 3 seasons saw the club finish last on the table in 1976, 1977 and 1978. In 1979, Newtown appointed Warren Ryan as head coach who turned the club from a struggling team to one of the premiership contenders by 1981. Murhpy missed most of the 1981 season and was unfortunate not to be selected in the grand final team which lost against Parramatta.
Murphy played 8 games for Newtown in 1983 which would prove to be the club's last in the top grade of Australian rugby league. Newtown's final ever match in the NSWRL premiership, which was a 9–6 victory over the Canberra Raiders at Campbelltown Stadium.
In 1984, Murphy joined North Sydney after Newtown were evicted from the premiership due to financial reasons. Murphy played only 4 games for Norths and he was released to join South Sydney. Murphy played 4 games for Souths in 1985 and retired at the end of the season.
Coaching career
Murphy became the head coach of Newtown in the 1990s as the club was then playing in the Metropolitan Cup now known as the Ron Massey Cup. Murphy guided Newtown to premiership victories in the competition between 1995 and 1997.
Murphy then coached the Western Suburbs reserve grade side in the late 1990s.
References
1958 births
Living people
Australian rugby league coaches
Australian rugby league players
Newtown Jets coaches
Newtown Jets players
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
North Sydney Bears players
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league locks
Rugby league wingers
Rugby league players from Sydney
Western Suburbs Magpies coaches
Sarah + 2 is a 1962 studio album by American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan.
This was Vaughan's second album with just guitar and double bass accompaniment, following 1961's After Hours.
Reception
The Allmusic review by John Bush awarded the album three and a half stars and said that "The results are excellent, highlighting the power of Vaughan's voice, whether she's singing a rosy "All I Do Is Dream of You" or one of the most turgid torch songs, "All or Nothing at All." Her best feature is "When Sunny Gets Blue," a spotlight for her dynamic range.".
Track listing
"Just in Time" (Betty Comden, Adolph Green, Jule Styne) - 2:17
"When Sunny Gets Blue" (Jack Segal, Marvin Fisher) - 3:48
"All I Do Is Dream of You" (Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed) - 2:54
"I Understand" (Kim Gannon, Mabel Wayne) - 4:25
"Goodnight Sweetheart" (Ray Noble, Jimmy Campbell, Reg Connelly) - 3:32
"Baby, Won't You Please Come Home" (Charles Warfield, Clarence Williams) - 2:34
"When Lights Are Low" (Benny Carter, Spencer Williams) - 2:55
"Key Largo" (Carter, Karl Suessdorf, Leah Worth) - 3:26
"Just Squeeze Me (But Please Don't Tease Me)" (Duke Ellington, Lee Gaines) - 3:10
"All or Nothing at All" (Arthur Altman, Jack Lawrence) - 3:12
"The Very Thought of You" (Noble) - 4:10
Personnel
Sarah Vaughan - vocal
Barney Kessel - guitar
Joe Comfort - double bass
References
1962 albums
Sarah Vaughan albums
Roulette Records albums
Albums produced by Voyle Gilmore
The Raduga KS-1 Komet (, NATO reporting name: Kennel), also referred to as AS-1 and KS-1 (крылатый снаряд - winged projectile) was a Soviet short range air-to-surface missile, primarily developed for anti-ship missions. It was carried on two aircraft, the Tupolev Tu-4 and the Tupolev Tu-16.
Development
Development begun in 1947 along with a related ground-launched missile, the SSC-2B "Samlet" (S-2 Sopka), both missiles using aerodynamics derived from the Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15 fighter aircraft, and developed under the anti-ship missile codename "Komet".
The KS-1 was designed for use against surface ships. It resembled a scaled-down MiG-15 with the cockpit and undercarriage removed. Its main fuselage was cigar-shaped with swept wings and an aircraft type tail. It was propelled by a Klimov RD-500K turbojet engine, reverse-engineered from the Rolls-Royce Derwent. Guidance was provided by an inertial navigation system (INS) in the midcourse phase, and by a semi-active radar in the terminal phase which directed the missile to its target. A 600 kg high explosive (HE) armour-piercing warhead was carried.
The AS-1 is believed to have entered service in 1955, initially being deployed on the Tu-4 and later on the Tu-16KS 'Badger-B' strategic bomber, on two under-wing pylons. The missile was also exported to Egypt and Indonesia.
Sources indicate that most of the AS-1 "Kennel" missiles were replaced by the AS-5 'Kelt' (KSR-2/Kh-11), which was first deployed in 1966. The last KS-1s were withdrawn from service in 1969.
Operators
Former operators
Cuban Navy (S-2 Sopka version)
Egyptian Air Force
Indonesian Air Force
Land Based Variants
Sopka
The S-2 Sopka coastal defense system (Russian GRAU code 4K87) (NATO code: SSC-2b Samlet) was a conventionally armed variant which attached a SPRD-15 jet assisted rocket to launch the missile from fixed launchers. After attaining sufficient velocity, the AS-1 turbojet would carry the missile to the target. The system was designed for land based attacks on sea targets and widely deployed in eastern bloc countries such as Poland and East Germany during the Cold War. One Sopka regiment was stationed in Cuba as part of Operation Anadyr. The Samlet was deployed to Alexandria and fired at Israeli ships during the Yom Kippur War. The Samlets saw long service despite their obsolescence and were finally retired from the Soviet arsenal in 1980.
FKR-1
The Frontline Combat Rocket (, Soviet pact nickname: Meteor) (NATO code: SSC-2a Salish) was a nuclear capable mobile launching system designed for ground combat. With a 12 kiloton warhead and 180 km range it entered the equipment of Soviet and DDR forces in 1957.
It carried nuclear warheads with yields from 5 to 14 kilotons. Like the Sopka, cruising speed was achieved with a strap on SPRD-15 rocket, but the FKR system allowed launch directly from the transporter, and the missile was modified to accept tactical nuclear warheads. Its range was 150 kilometers. Unknown to the US military during the Cuban Missile Crisis, two FKR regiments (the 561st and 584th) armed with 80 fourteen kiloton warheads were positioned in Cuba — one to attack the American base at Guantanamo with the second positioned near Havana to destroy any units attempting landings. Although some authorities dispute whether local commanders had authority to use these theater nuclear weapons, the weapons were present and it is argued that if pressured, Soviet soldiers might have used them.
See also
SAAB Rb 08
KSShch
P-20 Sokol
Notes
References
Cold War anti-ship missiles of the Soviet Union
Cold War air-to-surface missiles of the Soviet Union
MKB Raduga products
Military equipment introduced in the 1950s
The 45th Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards, given by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association (LAFCA), honored the best in film for 2019.
Winners
Best Film:
Parasite
Runner-up: The Irishman
Best Director:
Bong Joon-ho – Parasite
Runner-up: Martin Scorsese – The Irishman
Best Actor:
Antonio Banderas – Pain and Glory
Runner-up: Adam Driver – Marriage Story
Best Actress:
Mary Kay Place – Diane
Runner-up: Lupita Nyong'o – Us
Best Supporting Actor:
Song Kang-ho – Parasite
Runner-up: Joe Pesci – The Irishman
Best Supporting Actress:
Jennifer Lopez – Hustlers
Runner-up: Zhao Shu-zhen – The Farewell
Best Screenplay:
Noah Baumbach – Marriage Story
Runner-up: Bong Joon-ho and Han Jin-won – Parasite
Best Cinematography:
Claire Mathon – Atlantics and Portrait of a Lady on Fire
Runner-up: Roger Deakins – 1917
Best Editing:
Todd Douglas Miller – Apollo 11
Runner-up: Ronald Bronstein and Benny Safdie – Uncut Gems
Best Production Design:
Barbara Ling – Once Upon a Time in Hollywood
Runner-up: Ha-jun Lee – Parasite
Best Music Score:
Dan Levy – I Lost My Body
Runner-up: Thomas Newman – 1917
Best Foreign Language Film:
Pain and Glory • Spain
Runner-up: Portrait of a Lady on Fire • France
Best Documentary/Non-Fiction Film:
American Factory
Runner-up: Apollo 11
Best Animation:
I Lost My Body
Runner-up: Toy Story 4
New Generation Award:
Jimmie Fails, Jonathan Majors, and Joe Talbot – The Last Black Man in San Francisco
Career Achievement Award:
Elaine May
The Douglas Edwards Experimental/Independent Film/Video Award:
Ja'Tovia Gary – The Giverny Document
References
2019
Los
2019 in American cinema
Ola Otnes (born 2 September 1951 in Rendalen, Hedmark) is a Norwegian actor who has been active on screen since the 1970s.
He was born in Rendalen. He was employed at Den Nationale Scene from 1978 to 1989, then at Teater Ibsen. On screen he has mainly appeared on Norwegian television, except for his small part in The Witches, a British film adaptation of the novel written by Roald Dahl.
References
1951 births
Living people
People from Rendalen
Norwegian male stage actors
Norwegian male television actors
is a railway station in the city of Okazaki, Aichi, Japan, operated by Meitetsu.
Lines
Otogawa Station is served by the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line and is 27.6 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Toyohashi Station.
Station layout
The station has two opposed side platforms connected by an underground passage. The station has automated ticket machines, Manaca automated turnstiles and is staffed.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
Station history
Otogawa Station was opened on April 1, 1926 as a station on the privately held Aichi Electric Railway. The Aichi Electric Railway was acquired by the Meitetsu Group on August 1, 1935. The station platforms and tracks were elevated on October 24, 1992.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 4,073 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Tasumigauka Elementary School
Okazaki Commercial High School
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
Official web page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1926
Railway stations in Aichi Prefecture
Stations of Nagoya Railroad
Okazaki, Aichi
Adalbert Kaubek (7 April 1926 – 31 December 2011) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1955 to 1956.
References
External links
1926 births
2011 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The 1980 U/Tex Wranglers season was the sixth season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Transactions
After playing seven games with Crispa Walk Tall in the Open Conference, the Jeans Makers gave up and released two-time MVP William "Bogs" Adornado to U/Tex Wranglers.
Championship
U/Tex won the Open Conference title for their second PBA crown in three years by defeating Toyota Tamaraws, 99–98, in the deciding Game Five of the finals series best known for the "last 16 seconds". The Wranglers finish the four-team semifinals in a tie with Walk Tall Jeans and Toyota with similar four wins and two losses. U/Tex enters the championship round with a superior quotient, leaving the other two teams to dispute the second finals berth.
Scoring record
November 23: William "Bogs" Adornado achieved a milestone by tying the record for most points by a local player shared with Danny Florencio while playing for Seven-up in 1977 by scoring 64 points in U/Tex' 126–111 win over San Miguel Beer.
Won-loss record vs Opponents
Roster
References
External links
U-Tex team photo@interbasket.net
U-Tex Wranglers seasons
Utex
Köprücüler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 262 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Samakele is a small town and seat of the commune of Ben Kadi in the Cercle of Banamba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Elören is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 80 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
New Leaders Council (NLC) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization in the United States that works to recruit, train and promote young progressive leaders ranging from elected officials and civically-engaged leaders in business and industry.
NLC's main objective is in "recruiting emerging leaders from outside of the traditional power structures, engaging them on both local and national levels, and equipping them to be civic leaders – not only for elective office, but also in their communities and workplaces."
Chris Kelly, formerly Chief Privacy Officer at Facebook, is currently chairman of the board for the organization.
History
The New Leaders Council was founded in 2005 and runs on a budget of $900,000.
NLC Institute Program
At once-monthly NLC Institute seminars, experts provide advanced training in entrepreneurship, communications and marketing, fundraising and campaign management, public speaking and speech writing, and political technology and public relations, to selected fellows, a program of leadership development training with mentoring, networking, and job placement opportunities.
The goal of NLC is to produce a growing corps of diverse and highly skilled new progressive leaders who rise to the top of their fields, working together across sectors and in their local cities to build, expand, and improve the progressive infrastructure necessary for strong democracy, social justice, and equal opportunity.
Affiliated organizations
New Leaders Council is affiliated with the Center for American Progress, The New Deal, Truman National Security Project, Roosevelt Institute, Mobilize.org, Netroots Nation, Teach for America, Our Time, Louisiana Progress, Young People For, Public Allies Chicago, She Should Run.
Notable alumni
Nida Allam
Lauren Underwood
Alessandra Biaggi
Carlos Ramirez-Rosa
References
External links
Progressive organizations in the United States
501(c)(3) organizations
2005 establishments in the United States
Organizations established in 2005
Venn Eyre was Archdeacon of Carlisle from 2 March 1756 until his death on 18 May 1777.
Eyre was educated at St Catharine's College, Cambridge. He held livings at Stambourne and Stambridge in Essex and Great Salkeld, Cumberland.
References
1777 deaths
18th-century English Anglican priests
Archdeacons of Carlisle
Ümitköy is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 48 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Hop Sing, Hopsing or variation, may refer to:
Hop Sing (Bonanza), a fictional character, a stereotypical Chinese housekeeper on the 1959-1973 TV Western Bonanza
Hop Sing Tong (), the Hop Sing (合勝), a tong (堂), an ethnic Chinese organization, founded in the U.S. in 1875
Hop Sing Boys (), an ethnic Chinese crime syndicate; see List of Chinese criminal organizations
Hop-Sing Soo (1861-1918), an early stage name for yellowface faux-Chinese American stage magician William Ellsworth Robinson, better known as Chung Ling Soo
Hop-Sing Yim, a fictional character portrayed by Ying-Ming Lee on the 2002 PBS historical reality show Frontier House
"Hop Sing", a track by Longmont Potion Castle from the 2005 album Longmont Potion Castle Volume 5
See also
Hip Sing Association (formerly, Hip Sing Tong)
Hop (disambiguation)
Sing (disambiguation)
Panaspis seydeli, also known as the Seydel's snake-eyed skink, is a species of lidless skink, a lizard in the family Scincidae. The species is known from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
Etymology
The specific name, seydeli, is in honor of Belgian lepidopterist Charles Henri Victor Seydel (1873–1960).
Geographic range
P. seydeli is found in the southeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and northern Zambia.
References
Further reading
de Witte G-F (1933). "Reptiles récoltés au Congo Belge par le Dr. H. Schouteden et par M. G.-F. de Witte". Annales du Musée royal du Congo Belge, Première Série 3: 53–100. (Ablepharus seydeli, new species, p. 78). (in French).
Greer AE (1974). "The genetic relationships of the Scincid lizard genus Leiolopisma and its relatives". Australian Journal of Zoology Supplementary Series 22 (31): 1–67. (Afroablepharus seydeli, new combination).
(Panaspis seydeli).
Panaspis
Skinks of Africa
Reptiles of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Reptiles of Zambia
Reptiles described in 1933
Taxa named by Gaston-François de Witte
Pichakkana Wongsarattanasin (; born 30 August 1991) nicknamed Namtarn (น้ำตาล) is a Thai actress and model. Known as a Net idol and for a leading role in MajjuratSiNamPhueng in 2013, her dramatic debut.
Early life
Pichukkana was born in Phrae province. Her father was a police officer. Her mother is also a civil servant, and she has a brother who is 6 years younger.
Pichakkana graduated from high school from Muang Khai Pittayakom School, Phrae province. During that time she wrote part of a novel, but stopped before finishing it. After finishing secondary school, Pichukkana studied at the Faculty of Education at Chiang Mai University because she wanted to be a teacher, according to her parents, who were civil servants.
As a first year student, she was a cheerleader and won many beauty-related awards, including the public's favorite award in the Miss CMU League contest, Nitipon Clinic's clear-faced girl award, and Puriku Idol award. Her future personal manager invited her to do photoshoots and TV commercials.
Career
In 2012, she signed a contract as an actress under Channel 3 and in the same year, Arunocha Panupan, the drama producer of Channel 3 as an executive of Broadcast Thai Television Company, chose her to play Rojanachanai, the heroine in the TV series MajjuratSiNamPhueng, instead of Taksaorn Paksukcharern. To pursue her acting career, Pichukkana resigned from Chiang Mai University to study at the Department of Communication Arts Faculty of Management Science Suan Sunandha Rajabhat University. Due to insufficient study time, she moved to the field of film and video science College of Communication Arts Rangsit University in the middle of 2013.
References
1991 births
Pichukkana Wongsarattanasin
Living people
Panama competed at the 2019 Parapan American Games held from August 23 to September 1, 2019 in Lima, Peru. In total athletes representing Panama won one silver medal and one bronze medal. Both medals were won in athletics. The country finished in 21st place in the medal table.
Medalists
Athletics
Francisco Cedeño won the silver medal in the men's shot put F55 event.
Gertrudis Ortega won the bronze medal in the men's shot put F32/33/34 event.
References
2019 in Panamanian sport
Nations at the 2019 Parapan American Games
Freeman McNeil (born April 22, 1959) is a former professional American football player. He was selected by the New York Jets in the first round as the third overall pick of the 1981 NFL Draft.
Early life
McNeil was born in Jackson, Mississippi. His family later relocated to Los Angeles, California.
McNeil led Banning High School to the Los Angeles City football title. At , he attended the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) as a running back, where he was a two-time All-Pac-10 selection. In his final game, he caught a deflected pass from quarterback Jay Schroeder that was tipped by USC defensive back Jeff Fisher and went 57 yards for the winning touchdown with two minutes left in the Bruins' 20–17 win.
In four seasons at UCLA, McNeil rushed for 3,195 yards and 21 touchdowns, with an average of more than 5 yards per carry.
Professional career
McNeil played in 12 NFL seasons for the New York Jets from 1981 to 1992. During the mid to late 1980s he was a member of the Jets' "Two Headed Monster" backfield along with teammate Johnny Hector, a tandem that ranked among the league's elite. When he retired he was the Jets all-time leading rusher with 8,074 yards; he was surpassed by Curtis Martin and currently ranks second in Jets team history. In 1982, McNeil led the NFL in rushing with 786 yards. He was the first Jet to the lead the league in rushing. He is one of a few running backs in NFL history to average 4.0 yards per carry in every season he played.
From 1990 to 1992 McNeil was the lead plaintiff in a case won by jury verdict that struck down the NFL's Plan B free agency system, under which teams could protect 37 players. McNeil and the seven other plaintiffs were among the protected players listed by their teams. The system was deemed too restrictive and a violation of antitrust laws. However, Freeman was not one of the four plaintiffs awarded damages. The suit is considered a major step in the achievement of free agency rights by the NFL Players Association.
Honors and awards
In 2005, McNeil was inducted into the Nassau County Sports Hall of Fame.
References
1959 births
Living people
American football running backs
New York Jets players
UCLA Bruins football players
American Conference Pro Bowl players
Players of American football from Jackson, Mississippi
Players of American football from Los Angeles
African-American players of American football
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Electronics Technician (ET) is a common enlisted occupation in the armed forces of many different countries. Common duties for ETs include repair, calibration, and basic maintenance of most electronic equipment.
Australian Defence Force
In the Australian Defence Force, there are several types of Electronics Technician.
The Royal Australian Navy has three different Electronics Technician positions. Electronics Technicians maintain missile systems, navigational systems, radars along with various other things. The navy also has Avionics Technicians, they are trained to maintain communication, navigation, safety and weapons systems of the Navy's helicopters. Electronics Technician Submariners maintain electrical system so submarines, these include torpedo-firing systems, navigational equipment along with communications equipment.
The Australian Army has two different Electronics Technician positions. Electronic Systems Technicians inspect, repair and maintain various army assets including weapons systems, radios and vehicles. Telecommunications Technicians install and maintain the telecommunications systems used to keep communication between different parts of the army, this includes radios, microwaves, satellites and fiber optic cabling.
The Royal Australian Air Force has Communication Electronic Technicians. People in these positions maintain and repair systems that provide views of surrounding airspace.
British Army
In the British Army, Electronic Technicians maintain a large array of the army's military equipment, this includes vehicles, weapons, communications systems and medical equipment. In these positions one earns a basic then an advanced apprenticeship and can obtain a degree of engineering later on in their carrier.
Canadian Armed Forces
In the Canadian Armed Forces, there are several types of Electronics Technician. All of these positions have to with maintain and repairing electrical systems in various parts of the Canadian Armed Forces, with some also responsible for installing portable and non-portable electrical systems of various types, primarily for land use.
Electronic-Optronic Technicians are trained to maintain and repair ammunition (fire) control systems for the Canadian Army.
Avionics Systems Technicians are responsible for maintaining all electrical systems on all Canadian Armed Forces aircraft.
Electrical Generating Systems Technicians install, run, modify and repair mobile and power plant electrical generators as well as uninterruptible power supplies.
Electrical Distribution Technicians install, maintain and repair high and low voltage electrical distribution systems, airfield lighting systems, fire alarms and security systems.
New Zealand Army
In the New Zealand Army, Electronic Technicians are responsible for maintaining the "eyes and ears" of the Army. They maintain communications systems, night vision and sighting systems, and electronic systems on the army's LAV III fleet.
United States Navy
There are several variations in the United States Navy including the standard Electronics Technician and Aviation Electronics Technician, there is also the similar Electrician's Mate and Aviation Electrician's Mate. Electronics technician ranking is given by the given by the Bureau of Naval Personnel to enlisted members who satisfactorily complete initial Electronics Technician "A" school training.
References
Technicians
"Reencuentro" (), also known as "Patria Querida" (), is a song performed by Salvadoran singer-songwriter Álvaro Torres featuring Puerto Rican-Colombian band Barrio Boyzz. It was produced by Álvaro Torres and Víctor Torres, recorded in 1994 in Entourage Studios, North Hollywood, CA, and released on Torres' album Reencuentro in 1995. The song samples the traditional Central America melody of the "Torito Pinto dance". "Reencuentro" is a patriotic song, manifesting the impediment for distance and the yearning to return to the country where the subject belongs.
In April 1995, the song was a success in Latin America and the United States, reaching the position 11 on the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart and number 3 in the Latin Pop Airplay chart. The music video was nominated in Lo Nuestro Awards in the category "Video of the year". It was recognized as one of the best-performing songs of the year at the 1996 BMI Latin Awards.
"Reencuentro" was also included in the 1996 album Voces Unidas, a project made for the Olympic Games "Atlanta 1996".
Composition and lyrics
"Reencuentro" was written and composed by Álvaro Torres, being described as a mid-tempo pop ballad. The song is composed in the key of C major and follows the chord progression of C–Em–F–Am–Dm–G7–Em–Am–G–C–F–Dm–G7 in the verses, while in the chorus changes to C–Em–Dm–G7–F–G–F–Dm–G7.
Torres said "[it's] a song I wrote for my beloved homeland, El Salvador, but at the same time, it has the advantage that [...] every immigrant [can] make it theirs, because it is the sentiment proper of an immigrant".
The song begins with the traditional melody of the "Torito Pinto dance" performed with a flute. In the first verse Torres's voice is heard accompanied by background stringed instruments; then comes the drums and the voices of Barrio Boyzz, which remain throughout the rest of the verse until the chorus. In the second verse, Torres's voice returns, keeping only his voice until the choir, then entering Barrio Boyzz repeating the chorus until the end of the song.
"Reencuentro" talks about nostalgia and the joy of meeting again in the country where it comes from, also recognizing the suffering that the country has passed through the years, due to wars and violence.
Music video
The music video for "Reencuentro" was recorded in San Miguel de Allende, Guanajuato, Mexico, along with Barrio Boyzz. The clip begins showing settlers of an old town and children playing, then Torres is shown singing the beginning of the song. Then, Barrio Boyzz appears performing the song, while exchanging images of old people, children playing, violists, a room with candles, and people holding crosses. Finally, Barrio Boyzz and Torres sing together the song along with all the villagers.
In 1995, the music video was nominated in Lo Nuestro Awards in the category "Video of the Year", but lost to Luis Miguel's "La Media Vuelta".
Personnel
Credits adapted from Reencuentro liner notes.
Vocals
Álvaro Torres – lead vocals
Barrio Boyzz – lead vocals (track 1)
Musicians
César Benítez – keyboards, piano, sequencing
Steve Durnin – french horn
Cesar Espinoza – congas, güiro, tambouras
Phillip D. Feather – oboe
Ramon Flores – trumpet
Grant Geissman – acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Matt Germaine – saxophones
Marty Jabara – percussion, timpani
Eric Jorgensen – trombone
John Jorgenson – mandoline
Peter Kent – concert master
Tony Lujan – trumpet
John Schreiner – piano
Amy Shulman – harp
Joe Stone – oboe
David Stout – trombone
Roberto Vally – bass guitar
John Yoakum – tenor saxophone
Production
Álvaro Torres – production
Victor Sanchez – production, mixing
Teresa Caffin – production assistance, engineering assistance
Cappy Japngie – engineering assistance
Terri Wong – engineering assistance
Recording
Recorded at Entourage Studios, North Hollywood, CA
Charts
References
1995 singles
Álvaro Torres songs
Barrio Boyzz songs
Talgje (or Sør-Talgje) is a populated island in the eastern part of Stavanger municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. The island is located in the Talgjefjorden and Brimsefjorden, both arms off of the main Boknafjorden in a large archipelago of islands northeast of the city of Stavanger. It is surrounded by islands: Brimse to the south, Rennesøy to the west, Finnøy to the north, and Fogn to the northeast. The island has a lot of agricultural uses, especially in growing tomatoes.
The island has a long history. The farm that today is known as Gard was once the seat of major clans that controlled the western part of Norway. Gaute Erlingson was a nobleman from the 1200s who lived here. Talgje Church dating from around the year 1100 is located here.
The Talgjefjord Tunnel connects the island to the larger island of Rennesøy which in turn is connected to the mainland through a series of tunnels and bridges. There are also ferries that run from eastern Talgje to the island of Fogn and to the village of Tau on the mainland.
Name
There are actually two islands in Stavanger municipality by the name Talgje. The other Talgje is part of the Sjernarøyane island group to the north. To disambiguate from this island from the other island by the same name, this island is sometimes referred to as Sør-Talgje (South Talgje) whereas the other one is called Nord-Talgje (North Talgje).
See also
List of islands of Norway
References
Islands of Stavanger
George Warren Russell (24 February 1854 – 28 June 1937) was a New Zealand politician from Christchurch. He served as Minister of Internal Affairs and Minister of Public Health in the wartime National government, and was responsible for the New Zealand government's response to the 1918 influenza epidemic.
Private life
Russell was born in London, England, in 1854. His father was a bricklayer and builder. The family emigrated to Tasmania when he was still a child, and then moved again to New Zealand in 1864. Russell worked as an apprentice journalist, before trying to become a Wesleyan Methodist minister. When that was unsuccessful, he returned to journalism, working on the Evening Chronicle in Wellington and founding the Manawatu Herald in Foxton. He moved to Christchurch in 1889. In 1898, he took over the Spectator, a magazine he would edit until 1928.
Political career
Russell contested the in the electorate, where he was third of six candidates, beaten by James Wilson. He unsuccessfully contested the electorate in the ; he was beaten by John Blair Whyte.
He first entered Parliament as MHR for Riccarton in . A member of the Liberal Party's "left" (radical) wing, he was a strong critic of Premier Richard Seddon, and at the 1896 election attempted to form a Radical Party to push for stronger reforms. He maintained only a tenuous hold on his electorate, losing it in 1896 to William Rolleston, but regaining it in 1899 with a majority of one vote over Rolleston, which brought an end to that political career. Russell lost the Riccarton electorate again in 1902. In 1908, he won the Avon electorate, and held it for the next 11 years.
Russell was considered a possible Liberal leader in 1912 when Sir Joseph Ward resigned, and served in the cabinet of Thomas Mackenzie. He later served in the wartime National cabinet with the Reform Party, holding the portfolios of Internal Affairs, Public Health and Hospitals, as well as a number of lesser responsibilities. Russell was one of the biggest proponents in the Liberal caucus to abandon the National Coalition with Reform. After the caucus voted to leave, he worked with William MacDonald and Thomas Wilford to develop an updated policy manifesto for the next election while Ward was returning to New Zealand from Europe. In his role as Minister of Public Health, he was responsible for the decision to allow to dock in Auckland in October 1918, and was blamed for the resulting Spanish flu epidemic which killed at least 8,000 New Zealanders. As a result, he lost his electorate in the 1919 election. He unsuccessfully contested the 1921 by-election for Auckland East, and Avon again in the 1922 general election, but was never again elected to Parliament.
In 1935, Russell was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.
Death
Russell died on 28 June 1937 in Eastbourne, Wellington. He was buried at Holy Trinity Avonside in Christchurch.
Notes
References
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1854 births
1937 deaths
New Zealand Liberal Party MPs
Members of the Cabinet of New Zealand
New Zealand MPs for Christchurch electorates
Chancellors of the University of Canterbury
People from Foxton, New Zealand
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1881 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1887 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1896 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1902 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1919 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1922 New Zealand general election
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
English emigrants to Australia
English emigrants to New Zealand
Burials at Holy Trinity Avonside
New Zealand journalists
19th-century New Zealand politicians
The Land Rover Aqaba Assembly Plant Co., Ltd. is a joint venture between the Land Rover brand, the Shahin Group and Ole Automotive. It was founded on 18 February 2001, and is located in the Aqaba Special Economic Zone of Aqaba in Jordan. There was a capital of 70 million dinars injected to build this plant. About 1,000 workers are employed there, assembling 5,000 units annually.
Model currently in production
Models formerly in production
External links
Aqaba Assembly
Motor vehicle manufacturers of Jordan
Aqaba
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 2001
Toivo Mäkikyrö (born 29 January 1957) is a Finnish biathlete. He competed in the 10 km sprint event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Finnish male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Finland
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Pello
Sportspeople from Lapland (Finland)
Ilya Chernyshov (born 6 September 1985) is a Kazakh cyclist. He competed in the men's Madison at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Palmares
2006
1st Asian Games Team Time Trial
1st Overall Tour d'Egypte
1st Stage 2
2007
2nd Overall Mainfranken Tour
2008
1st Stage 1 Cycling Golden Jersey (TTT)
References
1985 births
Living people
Kazakhstani male cyclists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in cycling
Cyclists at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games silver medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games bronze medalists for Kazakhstan
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Olympic cyclists of Kazakhstan
Cyclists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
20th-century Kazakhstani people
21st-century Kazakhstani people
Nils Svante Granholm (born 15 March 1947) is a Swedish former ice hockey forward and Olympian.
Granholm played with Team Sweden at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble, France. He previously played for Frölunda HC and Timrå IK in the Swedish Elite League.
References
1947 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Swedish ice hockey forwards
People from Sundsvall
Sportspeople from Västernorrland County
The Mars Organic Molecule Analyser (MOMA) is a mass spectrometer-based instrument on board the Rosalind Franklin rover to be launched in August–October 2022 to Mars on an astrobiology mission. It will search for organic compounds (carbon-containing molecules) in the collected soil samples. By characterizing the molecular structures of detected organics, MOMA can provide insights into potential molecular biosignatures. MOMA will be able to detect organic molecules at concentrations as low as 10 parts-per-billion by weight (ppbw). MOMA examines solid crushed samples exclusively; it does not perform atmospheric analyses.
The Principal Investigator is Fred Goesmann, from the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Germany.
Overview
The goal of MOMA is to seek signs of past life on Mars (biosignatures) by analysing a wide range of organic compounds that may be found in drilled samples acquired from 2 meters below the Martian surface by the Rosalind Franklin rover. MOMA examines solid crushed samples only; it does not perform atmospheric analyses.
MOMA will first volatilize solid organic compounds so that they can be analysed by a mass spectrometer; this volatilisation of organic material is achieved by two different techniques: laser desorption and thermal volatilisation, followed by separation using four GC-MS columns. The identification of the organic molecules is then performed with an ion trap mass spectrometer.
Organic biosignatures
While there is no unambiguous Martian biosignature to look for, a pragmatic approach is to look out for certain molecules such as lipids and phospholipids that may be forming cell membranes which can be preserved over geological timescales. Lipids and other organic molecules may exhibit biogenic features that are not present in abiogenic organic material. If biogenic (synthesized by a life form), such compounds may be found at high concentrations only over a narrow range of molecular weights, unlike in carbonaceous meteorites where these compounds are detected over a broader range of molecular weights. In the case of sugars and amino acids, excessive molecular homochirality (asymmetry) is another important clue of their biological origin. The assumption is that life on Mars would be carbon-based and cellular as on Earth, so there are expected common building blocks such as chains of amino acids (peptides and proteins) and chains of nucleobases (RNA, DNA, or their analogs). Also, some isomers of high molecular weight organics can be potential biosignatures when identified in context with other supporting evidence. Other compounds targeted for detection will include fatty acids, sterols, and hopanoids.
Background organics
The surface of Mars is expected to have accumulated significant quantities of large organic molecules delivered by interplanetary dust particles and carbonaceous meteorites. MOMA's characterization of this fraction, may determine not only the abundance of this potential background for trace biomarker detection, but also the degree of decomposition of this matter by radiation and oxidation as a function of depth. This is essential in order to interpret the samples' origin in the local geological and geochemical context.
Development
The components of MOMA related to GC-MS have heritage from the Viking landers, the COSAC on board the comet lander Philae, and SAM on board the Curiosity rover. But the methods applied in the past on board the Viking landers and the Curiosity rover are mostly destructive (pyrolysis), and consequently important information of the organic material is lost. Also, only volatile molecules can be detected and, only nonpolar molecules can get through the GC columns to the detector. MOMA will combine pyrolysis–derivatization with a less destructive method: LDMS (Laser Desorption Mass Spectrometry), which allows large and intact molecular fragments to be detected and characterized by the mass spectrometer (MS). The LDMS technique is not affected by these drawbacks, and it is unaffected to the presence of perchlorates, known to be abundant on the surface of Mars. Tandem mass spectrometry can then be used to further characterize these molecules.
The Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research is leading the development. International partners include NASA. The mass spectrometer (MS) and the main electronics of MOMA are provided by NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, while the gas chromatography (GC) is provided by the two French institutes LISA and LATMOS. The UV-Laser is being developed by the Laser Zentrum Hannover. MOMA does not form a single compact unit, but is modular with numerous mechanical and thermal interfaces within the rover. The final integration and verification will be performed at Thales Alenia Space in Italy.
References
External links
(NASA; 24 May 2018))
ExoMars
Spacecraft instruments
Astrobiology
Space science experiments
Wilfred Bishop (1917 – March 1, 2004) was a Canadian politician, who was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1952 to 1987. He is the longest-serving MLA in the history of the body.
Originally from Chipman, New Brunswick, Bishop ran a logging and sawmill business in Queens County prior to his election to the legislature.
He served in the Executive Council of New Brunswick as Minister of Natural Resources, Minister of Transportation and President of the Executive Council in the government of Richard Hatfield. Following the 1987 provincial election, in which the opposition Liberals won every seat in the legislature and left the Conservatives seatless, Bishop was a candidate for the interim leadership of the party, but lost to Malcolm MacLeod.
References
Progressive Conservative Party of New Brunswick MLAs
1917 births
2004 deaths
People from Queens County, New Brunswick
Members of the Executive Council of New Brunswick
L'Abri (French for "Shelter") is an evangelical Christian organisation founded by Francis Schaeffer and his wife Edith in Huémoz-sur-Ollon, Switzerland, on June 5, 1955. They opened their alpine home as a ministry to curious travellers and as a forum to discuss philosophical and religious beliefs. Today, L'Abri houses in various parts of the world continue to offer people a place to stay when they travel.
Development of L'Abri
Schaeffer became an evangelical Christian as a teenager. In 1947, Francis and Edith moved to Switzerland to work as missionaries for the Independent Board for Presbyterian Foreign Missions (IBPFM) in Europe. Following a spiritual crisis in 1951, and disagreements with theologians such as Carl McIntire, Schaeffer and his wife left IBPFM in 1955, to pursue their dream of working with young people. They moved to Huémoz, where they established L'Abri, without assurance that it would be successful. Word-of-mouth soon led to an increasing stream of visitors, with one period in the summer of 1956 averaging 31 visitors per week. International distribution of tapes of Schaeffer's lectures also helped to raise awareness of Schaeffer's work.
As it grew, the L'Abri organisation came to own and operate several buildings in Huémoz. It came to include four kinds of people: short-term guests; students, who divided their time between study and communal work; workers, who participated in discussions and the work of hospitality; and members, who were part of the decision-making process.
Schaeffer died in 1984, but the ministry he founded has continued to grow. Now, L'Abri has operations in a number of different countries, each staffed by workers who encourage visitors to study and consider their religious and philosophical beliefs. As of 2011, L'Abri has residential "Study Centres" in the United States (Minnesota and Massachusetts), Canada, South Korea, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Sweden, as well as the original centre in Switzerland. It also has non-residential "Resource Centres", run by friends of the organisation, in Brazil and Germany.
Mode of operation
A L'Abri centre is not a retreat, a commune, or a seminary, although it incorporates elements of all of these. Visitors are referred to as students, and personal study remains central to L'Abri's work, but there are no fixed "classes" or courses. Rather students (who may spend any time from one day to a whole "term," usually 2–3 months, at L'Abri) meet regularly with a member of staff to discuss the issues they wish to study, and are recommended resources from L'Abri's library of books and of recorded lectures and talks by L'Abri staff and others. A student's day is divided into "study time" and "work time." During "work time," a student will help with the necessary activities of the community – cooking meals, cleaning, maintenance etc. This division is based on Schaeffer's constant emphasis that Christianity, and the work of L'Abri, were not only intellectual but had to incorporate all life, and that a demonstration of "Christian Community" was as central to L'Abri's work as the intellectual demonstration that he believed could be made of the reasonableness and truthfulness of Christian belief.
The importance of Schaeffer's belief in the relevance of Christianity to all life can be seen in many aspects of L'Abri. Even so, some articles have suggested there is less of an emphasis on serving philosophical skeptics and more of an emphasis on serving disaffected evangelicals. In a recent article on the group, Molly Worthen suggests that students today come with very different questions, and that they tend to look at the politicized evangelical faith that Schaeffer helped create with suspicion.
The L'Abri day revolves around communal meals, often used as an opportunity for formal open discussion, and students are encouraged to pursue interests in art, music and literature.
Apart from Francis and Edith Schaeffer and their children, several notable Evangelical authors have been influenced by working with L'Abri. Such former staff include Os Guinness, Hans Rookmaaker, Greg Laughery, and Wade Bradshaw,
The L'Abri study center in Rochester, Minnesota also organizes bi-annual "L'Abri Conferences" in the USA and Canada at which L'Abri staff from across the world and other speakers supportive of the vision of L'Abri speak and lead seminars on a wide range of topics.
In 2005, a conference was held in St. Louis, Missouri to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the organization, and over 1,000 attendees were present to hear speakers such as Os Guinness, Harold O. J. Brown, and Chuck Colson.
Thirty years ago Edith Schaeffer founded The Francis Schaeffer Foundation to receive her husband's papers and annotated books for scanning and subsequent study. This takes place under the direction of her son in law Udo Middelmann, who worked with Francis Schaeffer in L'Abri for seventeen years, where he was also Francis Schaeffer's associate pastor in Huémoz. He has written several books and there is a website with many lectures and information. Ideas, as Francis Schaeffer stated often, have consequences, which is why he asked people to not "start L'Abris", but rather take the ideas they had perhaps learned with him, and develop them in their own fields.
Notes
General references
Bradshaw, Wade, By demonstration: God – Fifty years and a week at L'Abri, Piquant Editions, (2005).
Burson, Scott R. and Walls, Jerry L., C.S. Lewis & Francis Schaeffer: Lessons for a new century from the most influential apologists of our time, InterVarsity Press, (1998).
Hankins, Barry, Francis Schaeffer and the Shaping of Evangelical America, Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, (2008).
Parkhurst, Louis Gifford, Francis and Edith Schaeffer, Minneapolis, MN: Bethany House Publishers (1996).
Schaeffer, Edith, L'Abri, Wheaton, IL: Tyndale House (1969); revised and expanded, Westchester, IL: Crossway Books (1992).
Schaeffer, Edith, The Tapestry, Waco, TX: Word Books (1981).
Schaeffer, Frank, Crazy for God, Cambridge, Massachusetts: Perseus (2007).
Veith, Gene Edward. "Taking the roof off". World Magazine, March 26, 2005
Worthen, Molly. "Not Your Father's L'Abri". Christianity Today, 28 March 2008. Available online. Alternate location.
External links
The Official L'Abri Home Page
Website of the Swiss branch
Website of the Dutch branch
Pacific Northwest L'Abri Conference 2007
Evangelical parachurch organizations
Nondenominational Christian societies and communities
Christian organizations established in 1955
1955 establishments in Switzerland
The Plasmodium helical interspersed subtelomeric proteins (PHIST) or ring-infected erythrocyte surface antigens (RESA) are a family of protein domains found in the malaria-causing Plasmodium species. It was initially identified as a short four-helical conserved region in the single-domain export proteins, but the identification of this part associated with a DnaJ domain in P. falciparum RESA (named after the ring stage of the parasite) has led to its reclassification as the RESA N-terminal domain. This domain has been classified into three subfamilies, PHISTa, PHISTb, and PHISTc.
The PHIST proteins are exported to the cytoplasm of the infected erythrocyte. The human malaria parasites P. falciparum and P. vivax have shown a lineage-specific expansion of proteins with this domain. Of the two PHIST genes in the mouse parasite P. berghei, only one is required for infection. The PHIST domain folds into three long helices (forming a bundle) and two smaller N-terminal helices, and is monomeric in solution. It binds PfEMP1 ATS C-terminus and plays a role in "knob" formation.
RESA
The full RESA protein in P. falciparum also contains a few other domains, namely the DnaJ domain and the DnaJ-associated X domain. A part of the X-domain, RESA/P13830663-670, appears to bind and reinforce spectrin cytoskeleton so that each erythrocyte only hosts one parasite.
P. falciparum isolate 3D7 encodes three RESA-family proteins, RESA-1 (P13830//PF3D7_0102200), RESA-2 (M91672.1//PF3D7_1149500), RESA-3 (/PF3D7_1149200). RESA-2 is usually considered a transcribed pseudogene due to a premature stop codon. However, a missense mutation T1526G or T1526C in RESA-2 that removes this stop codon is commly found. It is associated with increased severity of disease.
Notes
References
Protein domains
Helical interspersed subtelomeric protein
Antigens
Apicomplexan proteins
The Thomas Sloan Boyd House (also known as the Boyd-Barton House) is a historic house located at 220 Park Avenue in Lonoke, Arkansas.
Description and history
It is a T-shaped, two-story brick structure, built out of locally-made bricks in about 1873 by Thomas Sloan Boyd, a local farmer. A full-height porch extends across the facade, supported by square brick columns, added in 1913. It is the oldest brick building in the city.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 1, 1976.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lonoke County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1873
Houses in Lonoke County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Lonoke County, Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Lonoke, Arkansas
The Nelson A. Rockefeller College of Public Affairs & Policy is a public policy school composed of the Departments of Public Administration & Policy and Political Science at the University at Albany, SUNY, United States. The department provides educational preparation for academic and public service careers, to undertake research on significant public problems and issues, and to assist in the continuing professional development of government executives. Rockefeller College has an enhanced interdisciplinary approach to its public policy mission.
The College offers appropriate assistance to the governments of New York State and the United States, and to foreign governments and international organizations in meeting the responsibilities of contemporary citizenship and governance through special courses and conferences; research and consultation; and publications for the dissemination of information.
The college is located on the downtown campus of the University at Albany, SUNY, at 135 Western Avenue, Albany, New York.
In 2020, it was nationally ranked as the 19th Public Affairs graduate program (out of 276) in U.S. News & World Report magazine.
References
External links
Educational institutions in the United States with year of establishment missing
Institutions founded by the Rockefeller family
Public policy schools
University at Albany, SUNY
Universities and colleges in Albany County, New York
Organizations based in Albany, New York
The loggerhead kingbird (Tyrannus caudifasciatus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in the Bahamas, Cayman Islands, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, and, very rarely, in southern Florida. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Description
This large kingbird measures long. It is dark grey above and white below. The head is black while the throat and cheeks are white. Like many kingbird species, the loggerhead possesses an orange or yellow crown patch, but it is well concealed and rarely visible in the field. The tail is squared and ends with a buffy-white band.
Diet
It feeds on flying insects, small fruit and berries, and small lizards.
References
External links
loggerhead kingbird
Birds of the Caribbean
Birds of Hispaniola
Birds of the Dominican Republic
Birds of Haiti
Birds of the Bahamas
Birds of the Cayman Islands
Birds of the Greater Antilles
loggerhead kingbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The enzyme aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid synthase (ACC synthase, ACS) (EC 4.4.1.14) catalyzes the synthesis of 1-Aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid (ACC), a precursor for ethylene, from S-Adenosyl methionine (AdoMet, SAM), an intermediate in the Yang cycle and activated methyl cycle and a useful molecule for methyl transfer:
S-adenosyl-L-methionine = 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate + S-methyl-5′-thioadenosine
Like other PLP dependent enzymes, it catalyzes the reaction through a quinonoid zwitterion intermediate and uses cofactor pyridoxal phosphate (PLP, the active form of vitamin B6) for stabilization.
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically carbon-sulfur lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is S-adenosyl-L-methionine S-methyl-5′-thioadenosine-lyase (1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate-forming). Other names in common use include 1-aminocyclopropanecarboxylate synthase, 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid synthase, 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthetase, aminocyclopropanecarboxylic acid synthase, aminocyclopropanecarboxylate synthase, ACC synthase, and ''S''-adenosyl-L-methionine methylthioadenosine-lyase. This enzyme participates in propanoate metabolism. It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
Enzyme mechanism
The reaction catalyzed by 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid synthase (ACS) is the committed and rate-limiting step in the biosynthesis of ethylene [20], a gaseous plant hormone that is responsible for the initiation of fruit ripening, shoot and root growth and differentiation, leaf and fruit abscission, flower opening, and flower and leaf senescence. (source) It is a pyridoxal phosphate (PLP) dependent gamma-elimination (?). In the gamma elimination, PLP acts as a sink twice (absorbing electrons from two deprotonations).
Proposed steps of the reaction mechanism:
Formation of the ACS-PLP Schiff Base
Imine Exchange
Formation of the Quinonoid Intermediate
Tyrosine and PLP stabilized 3C-Ring formation
Formation of the ACS-PLP Schiff Base
The aldehyde of coenzyme PLP reacts to form an imine (Schiff base) linkage with the catalytic domain lysine (278) residue of ACS.
Imine exchange
An imine exchange occurs, and the amine nitrogen of the substrate, S-Adenosyl methionine, replaces Lys (278) in the imine linkage. (Stabilized by H bonding).
Formation of the Quinonoid Intermediate
PLP acts as an 'electron sink' absorbing delocalized electron density during the reaction intermediates (countering the excess electron density on the deprotonated a-carbon). PLP facilitates the enzyme activity, increasing the acidity of the alpha carbon by stabilizing the conjugate base. The PLP-stabilized carbanion intermediate formed is the quinonoid intermediate.
Tyrosine and PLP stabilized 3C-Ring formation
PLP and Tyrosine stabilize negative charges during deprotonation. Tyrosine attacks the sulfur bound carbon, allowing S(CH3)(Ado) to leave, and during ring formation, Tyrosine leaves.
Note inhibitors AVG and AMA bind PLP to form a ketimine and oxime respectively (whose reverse reactions are much less favorable) and prevent the ACC synthase catalyzed reaction with SAM.
Regulation
ACC synthase reaches optimal activity in conditions of pH 8.5 and with Km = 20 um relative to its substrate, SAM.
ACC Synthase and ethylene biosynthesis are regulated by a whole host of stimuli. Stresses such as wounding, noxious chemicals, auxin, flooding, and indole-3-acetic acid (IAA) promote ethylene synthesis, creating a positive feedback cycle with ACC synthase, up-regulating its activity.
However, it is also inhibited by a number of compounds as well. S-Adenosylethionine can bind as a substrate for ACC synthase (with higher affinity than SAM) and therefore inhibit any reaction with SAM. ACC Synthase is also competitively inhibited by aminoethoxyvinylglycine (AVG) and aminooxyacetic acid (AOA), inhibitors to many pyridoxal phosphate-mediated enzymic reactions. They are natural toxins that cause slow binding inhibition by interfering with the coenzyme pyridoxal phosphate. ACC synthase activity is also inhibited by intermediates of the activated methyl cycle and the methionine-recycling pathway: 5-methylthioadenosine, α-keto-γ-methylthiobutyric acid, and S-adenosylhomocysteine.
Structure
ACC Synthase is 450-516 amino acid long sequence depending on the species of plant from which it is extracted. Though it is comparable in the species in which it is found, its COOH terminal domain is more variable, leading to differences such as oligomerization. The COOH terminal domain is responsible for oligomerization. In most ACC Synthase producing cells, ACC Synthase exists as a dimer. However, in some we find a monomer ("which is more active and efficient [than its dimer counterpart").
The structure of ACS has been largely determined via X-ray crystallography. Conservation of the residues in ACS's catalytic domain and sequence homology suggest that ACS catalyzes the synthesis of ACC in a similar fashion as other enzymes that require PLP as a cofactor. However, unlike many other PLP-dependent enzymes, Lys (278) is not the only residue that interacts with the substrate. The proximity of the electronegative oxygen from Tyr (152) to the C-γ-S bond suggests a crucial role in the formation of ACC. X-ray crystallography with aminoethoxyvinylglycine (AVG) a competitive inhibitor confirmed Tyrosine's role in the γ elimination.
As of late 2007, 6 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , and .
Catalytic domain
The main functional groups in the catalytic domains are the Nitrogen from the Lys 278 residue and the Oxygen from the Tyrosine 152 residue.
Biological function and applications
ACC Synthase is the key, rate limiting step in ethylene synthesis. Because the up-regulation of ACC-Synthase is what induces fruit ripening and often spoilage there is more research being done on the regulatory mechanisms and biosynthetic pathways of ethylene to avoid spoilage.
Notes
References
EC 4.4.1
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of known structure
The is an AC electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated on Tsugaru limited express services in the north of Japan by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) since March 2000. The design was based on the earlier (1,500 V DC) E653 series EMUs, with improvements to cope with colder weather conditions in the north of Japan.
Formations
4-car sets (April 2011–Present)
The original six-car sets were shortened to four cars as shown below from 23 April 2011. The sets were occasionally lengthened to six cars for increased capacity during busy periods by inserting a pair of MoHa E751 and MoHa E750 cars until the three pairs of MoHa E751 and MoHa E750 cars were withdrawn in 2015.
Car 2 is equipped with one PS107 single-arm pantograph.
6-car sets (March 2000–April 2011)
Sets were originally formed as six-car sets, consisting of four motored cars and two trailers, as shown below. Sets were shortened to four cars from 23 April 2011.
Cars 3 and 5 are each equipped with one PS107 single-arm pantograph.
Interior
Seating is configured 2+2 abreast in both standard class and Green class. Seat pitch is in standard class and in Green class.
History
The first set was delivered to Aomori Depot from Tokyu Car Corporation's Yokohama factory on 9 December 1999, followed by the remaining two sets in January 2000. The fleet entered service on Super Hatsukari services operating between and from the start of the revised timetable on 11 March 2000.
From 1 December 2002, the E751 series trains were reassigned to new Tsugaru services operating between and , which replaced the former Super Hatsukari services following the opening of the Tōhoku Shinkansen extension from Morioka to Hachinohe.
In late 2006, all three sets underwent modifications at JR East's Kōriyama Works to reinforce the front end snowploughs and add protection plates to underfloor equipment.
From the start of 4 December 2010 timetable revision, the E751 series sets were replaced on Tsugaru services by 4-car 485-3000 series EMUs, and were temporarily removed from regular service. From 23 April 2011, the fleet of three E751 series sets were reinstated on Tsugaru services, this time formed as 4-car sets, replacing the 485-3000 series sets. The three pairs of MoHa E751 and MoHa E750 cars removed were stored at Aomori Depot, and occasionally reinserted into sets to provide increased capacity during busy seasons until the three pairs of cars were withdrawn in 2015.
Build details
The build details for the three sets are as follows.
Further reading
References
External links
JR East E751 series description
Electric multiple units of Japan
East Japan Railway Company
Train-related introductions in 2002
Tokyu Car rolling stock
20 kV AC multiple units
The SIDBI foundation for Microcredit (SFMC)
Background
The SIDBI Foundation for microcredit (SFMC) is a department of Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) and a non-governmental organization that provides bulk loans to Microfinance institutions (MFIs) in India. In practice, it acts as an oversight over MFIs which are the intermediaries between the retail borrowers consisting of poor people and individual borrowers living in rural areas or urban slums and the public sector development finance institutions.
The SFMC plays an increasingly important role in providing ‘user-friendly' formal financial services to the poor due to the failure of the main poverty alleviation programme - the Integrated Rural Development Programme (IRDP). Extensive malpractices, misutilisation of funds and low repayment rates (25-33 percent) have urged a shift towards semi-formal development finance institutions. This pattern of an increasing involvement of financial institutions with micro-finance in developing countries follows on the success stories within the Commercial Bank of Zimbabwe and Cooperative Bank of Kenya.
Methodology
Currently, the SFMC provides funds for on-lending and capacity building support to 44 MFIs with over 1.3 million members. The majority of MFIs operated under a self-help group model (SHG). 90 percent of its total members are concentrated in the southern states, with 78 percent of them operating within a rural environment and a 95 percent membership rate among women. Rural farmers were targeted because of their perceived needs for micro-credit, used either to invest in productive activities or correct income shortfalls resulting from adverse harvest outcomes. At the same time, women were placed at the forefront because they tend to be more willing to attend group meetings and adhere to loan and savings conditions. Moreover, they were almost more likely to reinvest in the household needs of their families.
Outcomes
An impact survey was commissioned by the SFMC from 2002 to 2006 to study the impacts of its programs. The average loan over this period was Rs. 9,100 ($165), and 72 per cent of this amount was used for investment (animals and non-farm enterprises), while the remaining 28 per cent was used to meet household needs (healthcare, food and marriage dowries).
Dependency burden
More importantly, since micro-credit represents only one source of loans, some reduction on the dependence on informal sources like moneylenders and family friends was noted. Specifically, the dependency ratio on moneylenders fell from 44 percent to 34 percent, while borrowing from other informal sources fell from 40 percent to 25 percent. This represents a significant improvement on the borrowing terms as informal sources were reported to charge interest rates of above 36 percent, sometimes even up to 200 percent for short-term loans. This compares unfavorably to the 14 percent and 41 percent charged respectively by MFIs.
Incomes
In addition, 70 percent of the supported enterprises reported an increase in income as a result of micro-credit - by ‘taking advantage of working capital to diversify or improve the quality of goods', or through savings by making seasonal bulk purchases. In the urban sample, part of this diversification was directed at manufacturing (10 percent) and new non-farm enterprises like a small shop or handlooms (25 percent). On the other hand, clients in the rural sample invested proportionally between agriculture, animals and non-farm activities like a milch animal. This has helped to reduce the dependency of farmers to seasonal incomes and encourages ‘grass roots level' entrepreneurship. At the same time, investment into insurance has also helped farmers to hedge against the risk of seasonal difficulties, like an extended monsoon season.
Women and Education
Around 17 percent of the clients with school-age children made borrowings to meet schooling costs, thus opening up new opportunities for social mobility. At the same time within the SHGs, women gain a sense of self-respect and confidence from a collective sharing of experiences and common action. Also, they're becoming increasingly involved in joint enterprise management with men, reported in 71 percent of the supported enterprises in the south and 39 percent in the north. This joint-income household pattern helps to alleviate the income burden on men and contributes towards the drive from poverty.
References
Microfinance organizations
Philip Nigel Hawker (born 7 December 1962) is an English former footballer who played as a defender. He scored 11 goals in 213 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham City, Walsall and West Bromwich Albion.
Hawker was born in Solihull. He began his football career as an apprentice with Birmingham City where he turned professional in 1980. He deputised at left-back for Mark Dennis in the latter's absence, but was allowed to join Walsall in the 1982–83 season. Hawker spent eight seasons with the club, helping them to promotion to the Second Division in 1988. He scored in the play-off final against Bristol City heading home a corner from Mark Goodwin to make it 3-0 as Walsall won 4–0. He played one league game on loan for West Bromwich Albion before moving into non-league football with Kidderminster Harriers and then Solihull Borough. He went on to run a car dealership.
References
1962 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Solihull
English footballers
Association football defenders
Birmingham City F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Kidderminster Harriers F.C. players
Solihull Borough F.C. players
English Football League players
The 2004 Shakey's V-League (SVL) season was the first season of the Shakey's V-League. Founded in 2004 and organized by Sports Vision Management Group, Inc. (Sports Vision). The league began as the Shakey's V-League, a women's collegiate league with teams coming from the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP), the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Cebu Schools Athletic Foundation (CESAFI), and among others.
First conference
Participating teams
Final round
All series are best-of-3
Finals
Final standings
Individual awards
Second conference
The Shakey's V-League 1st season 2nd conference started on November 28, 2004, at the PhilSports Arena, Pasig, Philippines, with 7 teams competing in the conference.
Participating teams
Final round
Final's match results
3rd place
|}
Championship
|}
Final standings
Individual awards
Venues
Lyceum Gym, Intramuros, Manila
PhilSports Arena, Pasig
Rizal Memorial Coliseum, Manila
References
2004 in Philippine sport
Karel Pešek (born 2 August 1992) is a Czech motorcycle racer. He races in the Alpe Adria Road Racing Superstock 1000 Championship aboard a Kawasaki ZX-10R. He has previously competed in the Alpe Adria Superstock 600 Championship, the FIM Superstock 1000 Championship and the European Superstock 600 Championship. He won the Czech 125cc Championship in 2008 and the Czech Superstock 600 Championship in 2011. His brother, Lukáš Pešek, is also a motorcycle racer.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Prague
125cc World Championship riders
Czech motorcycle racers
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Superbike World Championship riders
Adimakal () is a 1969 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by M. O. Joseph. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Sheela and Sharada. The film had musical score and songs composed by G. Devarajan. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Pamman. The film was remade in Hindi as Intezar (1973) in Telugu as Chilakamma Cheppindi (1977) and in Tamil as Nizhal Nijamagiradhu (1978).
Cast
Prem Nazir as Raghavan (Pottan)
Sathyan as Appukkuttan
Sheela as Saraswathyamma
Sharada as Ponnamma
Adoor Bhasi as Giridhara Yogi/Naanu Kurup
Ammini
Sankaradi as Shanku Ammavan
Jesey as Anandan
Adoor Bhavani as Karthiyayini
Baby Kumudam as Vilasini
Bahadoor as Bhargavan
Kumari Padmini as Meenakshi
Kuttan Pillai
N. Govindankutty as Pachu Kurup
Paravoor Bharathan as Unnithan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma and Jayadevar. The devotional number ‘Chethi mandaram thulasi...' (P. Susheela) was elevated to the status of a prayer song. ‘Thaazhampoo manamulla thanuppulla...' (A. M. Rajah) was another hit and one of the singer's best in the language. The other hits include ‘Manaseswari maappu tharoo...' (Raja), ‘Indumukhi ..... (P. Jayachandran), and the chorus ‘Narayanam bhaje...' led by P. Jayachandran. A few verses ‘Lalitha lavanga Latha…' from Jayadeva's ‘Geeta Govindam' rendered by P. Leela was also a hit.
Reception
The Indian Express wrote, "With a little more care in scripting and editing, Manjila's Adimakal (Slaves) would have aptly ended there, but sometimes, even our best film-makers do not know when and where to stop. There are a few other irrelevant scenes which, if chopped off would help this Malayalam film gain in tempo and appeal."
Awards
Filmfare Award for Best Film - Malayalam won by M. O. Joseph (1969)
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films based on Indian novels
Malayalam films remade in other languages
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Films with screenplays by Thoppil Bhasi
Best Malayalam Feature Film National Film Award winners
Samuel Groth OLY (born 19 October 1987) is an Australian former professional tennis player and conservative political candidate. His highest ATP singles ranking was World No. 53, which he reached in August 2015. His career high in doubles was World No. 24, reached in February 2015. Groth's best singles result was a semi-final appearance at the 2014 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships. He hit the fastest serve on record at 263 km/h (163.4 mph) in 2012 at the ATP Challenger in Busan. He currently works for Nine Network for the WWOS and as a host on Postcards.
Personal life and Background
Groth was born in Narrandera, New South Wales, and grew up in the Riverina area of southern New South Wales. He married Brittany Boys in November 2018 and has twin sons. Groth is an avid supporter of the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League. He was also a member of Vermont Football Club reserve squad during a hiatus from tennis in 2011.
In January 2019 Groth received the OLY post-nominal title at the Brisbane International tournament.
Tennis career
Juniors
Groth and Andrew Kennaugh of Great Britain lost in the finals of the 2005 Wimbledon boys' doubles championship to Jesse Levine and Michael Shabaz 6–4, 6–1.
2007-2013: Fastest serve on record
Groth beat Mark Philippoussis in a 2007 match; Philippoussis subsequently focused on the seniors tour. Groth qualified for the ATP event in Nottingham where he defeated Britain's Jamie Baker 7–6, 6–3 in the first round. He lost his second round match to seeded Gilles Simon 7–6(7–1), 4–6, 4–6.
At the 2009 Australian Open he set a record for the fastest serve by a male player (232 km/h). He lost in the qualification to Wimbledon 2009 to Jesse Levine 4–6, 7–6, 5–7.
In 2012, in an ATP Challenger in Busan, Groth hit the fastest serve on record with a 163.4 mph (263 km/h) ace, but lost the match to Uladzimir Ignatik, 4–6, 3–6.
In November 2013, he reached the final of the Champaign Challenger, eventually losing in 3 sets to Tennys Sandgren 6–3, 3–6, 6–7. However, by reaching the final there, and the semi final of Toyota Challenger the following week, his ranking improved to a career high of #173.
2014
In 2014, Groth was awarded a wild card into the main draw at the Brisbane International, where he made the quarter finals. This is his first ATP World Tour quarter final appearance.
On 8 January, Groth was awarded a wild card into the 2014 Australian Open, but lost in round one to 28th seed, Vasek Pospisil in straight sets.
In March, Groth qualified for Indian Wells Masters, but lost in round 1 to Mikhail Kukushkin, 4–7 in the third set tie-break.
On 17 March, Groth entered and won the Rimouski Challenger in Canada. This was his first Challenger tour title. Two weeks later, he made the final of the León Challenger, but lost to #1 seed, Rajeev Ram. This gave him a new career high ranking of 136.
At the 2014 French Open, Groth made it to the last round of qualifying, but lost to Simone Bolelli 4–6, 2–6. This was his best French Open result to date. He partnered Andrey Golubev in the Men's doubles, where they made it to the semi final. This increased his doubles ranking to a career high of #41. In June, Groth made the final of the 2014 Aegon Nottingham Challenge but lost to compatriot Nick Kyrgios 6–7(3–7), 6–7(7–9). Groth made his Wimbledon debut after winning his way through qualifying, but lost in round 1 to Alexandr Dolgopolov in three sets.
In July. Groth entered the Hall of Fame Tennis Championships, where he reached his maiden ATP semi-final, defeating defending champion Nicolas Mahut in the quarter finals. This achievement saw him break into the top 100 rankings for the first time.
In August, Groth won his first Grand Slam match, defeating Albert Ramos-Viñolas 6–3, 7–6(7–5), 6–3 in the 2014 US Open. In the second round, he was defeated by Roger Federer in straight sets 4–6, 4–6, 4–6.
2015 Breakthrough
Groth started the 2015 season at the 2015 Brisbane International, where he was awarded a wild card into the main draw. He defeated defending champion Lleyton Hewitt in round one, and then Łukasz Kubot in the second round before losing to eventual finalist Milos Raonic in the quarter finals 6–7(5–7), 6–3, 6–7(2–7).
At the Australian Open, Groth defeated Filip Krajinović in round one, Thanasi Kokkinakis in round two before losing to Bernard Tomic in round 3. This was his best grand slam performance to date. In February, Groth headed to North America and lost in round 2 of Memphis to eventual runner-up Kevin Anderson. Groth lost in round 1 of Delray, Acapulco, Indian Wells and Miami. He then played the 2015 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships and defeated Víctor Estrella Burgos in the first round. He then played top seed Feliciano López in the second round but lost in straight sets.
Groth then played at the Santaizi Challenger as the 2nd seed. He cruised through to the final where he defeated Konstantin Kravchuk to win the title. His next tournament was the Busan Open where he was again the 2nd seed. He defeated compatriot Alex Bolt in the first round but then lost to Franco Skugor. At the 2015 French Open, Groth led 21st seed Pablo Cuevas by a set in round 1, before losing in 4 sets.
Groth started his grass court season at the Manchester Challenger where he reached the final and defeated compatriot Luke Saville to win the title. He then competed at the ATP 2015 Mercedes Cup where he defeated Sergiy Stakhovsky in the first round. He then scored his first top 20 win by defeating world number 12 Feliciano López to reach the quarter final. At Wimbledon, Groth defeated 31st seed Jack Sock in round 1, compatriot James Duckworth in round 2 and set up a round 3 match against Roger Federer.
In this 3rd round match, he made the second fastest serve ever at the Wimbledon tournament (147 mph), and was the only player to take a set off of Federer until the final, losing to the 7-time champion 4–6, 4–6, 7–6(7–5), 2–6. Groth then represented Australia at the 2015 Davis Cup Quarterfinals. Australia was down 2–0 to Kazakhstan when Groth played the doubles rubber with Lleyton Hewitt. The pair won in straight sets to take the tie to 2–1. Groth then replaced Nick Kyrgios to play Mikhail Kukushkin where he defeated him in 4 sets to level the tie at 2–2. Hewitt then won the 5th rubber to ensure Australia a place in the Davis Cup semi-finals.
Groth next contested the Bogota Open as the 6th seed where he defeated Guido Pella before losing to former world number 8 Radek Štěpánek in straight sets. He then played in Atlanta and defeated Frances Tiafoe in the first round. He then lost to eventual finalist and fifth seed Marcos Baghdatis in 3 sets. Groth then competed at the 2015 Citi Open and reached his first ATP500 Quarterfinal after defeating Thomaz Bellucci, 9th seeded Viktor Troicki and 7th seeded Feliciano López before losing to eventual champion Kei Nishikori. This was also the first time Groth defeated back to back top 20 players. Groth next played at the 2015 Winston-Salem Open and defeated Jared Donaldson before losing to eventual semi-finalist Steve Johnson. Groth then played at the 2015 US Open, defeating former world number 13 Alexandr Dolgopolov in round 1, but then losing to 26th seed Tommy Robredo in round 2. Groth also played the Men's Doubles with Lleyton Hewitt, losing in the 2nd round.
2016 Loss of form
Groth commenced the 2016 season with a wild card into Brisbane International. He lost to Chung Hyeon in round one. He also lost in round one at the Sydney International to Federico Delbonis. At the Australian Open, Groth defeated Adrian Mannarino before losing to number 2 seed Andy Murray in the second round. Groth partnered Lleyton Hewitt in the men's double at the Australian Open. They made the third round. Groth then had a first round to Frances Tiafoe loss at a Dallas Challenger. Groth had another first round loss to Illya Marchenko at the Memphis Open. Groth lost in the first round to Noah Rubin in the Delray Beach International Tennis Championships. Groth also lost in the first round in Acapulco to Dmitry Tursunov. Groth played for Australia in Davis Cup World Group losing his singles match to John Isner in straight sets. He had a first round loss at the first Masters 1000 of the year at Indian Wells to Leonardo Mayer. Groth then defeated Victor Estrella Burgos at the Miami but he lost to Dominic Thiem in the second round. Groth played a number of Challenger tournaments across Asia with little success. At the 2016 French Open, Groth lost in round 1 to 9-time champion Rafael Nadal. At 2016 Wimbledon, Groth lost in round 1 to Kei Nishikori. Groth had a last minute call-up to represent Australia at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, but lost in the first round to Belgium's David Goffin. Groth played across North America with limited success on the singles ATP World Tour, but won his second doubles title in Newport before returning to the Challenger Circuit, winning his 4th single title in Las Vegas. Groth ended 2016 with a ranking of 185.
2017
Groth commenced the 2017 with a wild card into the 2017 Brisbane International, where he defeated Pierre-Hugues Herbert before losing to Dominic Thiem in round 2. Groth reached the quarter final of the 2017 Canberra Challenger, losing to eventual champion Dudi Sela. Groth lost in round 1 of the 2017 Australian Open to Steve Darcis, but paired with Chris Guccione to reach the quarter final of the doubles, losing to eventual champions Henri Kontinen and John Peers.
In February, Groth was selected to play in round 1 the 2017 Davis Cup against the Czech Republic, he paired with John Peers to win the doubles taking Australia to an unbeatable 3–0. Groth went to North America but lost in qualifying for Indian Wells Masters and Drummondville Challenger singles but won the doubles at Drummondville. In June, Groth made the semi final of Ilkley Trophy.
2018: Retirement
2018 Australian Open turned out to be Groth's last tournament before retirement. He lost in singles qualifying to Taylor Fritz. He paired with former world no. 1 compatriot Lleyton Hewitt in doubles and reached the quarterfinals. He paired with compatriot Samantha Stosur in mixed doubles.
ATP career finals
Doubles: 5 (2 titles, 3 runner-ups)
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 22 (11–11)
Doubles: 40 (30–10)
Junior Grand Slam finals
Doubles: 1 (1 runner-up)
Performance timelines
Singles
Doubles
Political career
On 22 February 2022, Groth, a member of the Liberal Party since 2021, won pre-selection for the Liberal Party in the Labor-held electorate of Nepean, the electorate in which Groth resides. Groth had told Sky News Australia he was frustrated with the COVID-related lockdowns in Victoria. Groth won the three-candidate contest with seventy-four votes (67%), compared with runner-up David Burgess' thirty-three, and former Bentleigh MP Elizabeth Miller with four. He had the backing of former Victorian Premier Jeff Kennett, former Federal Treasurer Josh Frydenberg, state MP for Brighton James Newbury and former Nepean MP Martin Dixon.
Personal life
Between 2009 and 2011, Groth was married to fellow Australian tennis player Jarmila Wolfe.
Groth married long-time partner Brittany Boys in 2018. Boys, a Melburnian, was an amateur women's tennis player and competed at the university level for the University of Richmond in the United States. Groth and Boys have two young children, twins Mason and Parker, born in April 2021. Groth lives with his family in Mont Albert North, Victoria.
References
External links
Sam Groth Athletic DNA Profile
1987 births
Living people
Australian male tennis players
Tennis people from New South Wales
Olympic tennis players of Australia
Tennis players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Alfred Waterhouse (1830–1905) was a prolific English architect who worked in the second half of the 19th century. His buildings were largely in Victorian Gothic Revival style. Waterhouse's biographer, Colin Cunningham, states that between about 1865 and about 1885 he was "the most widely employed British architect". He worked in many fields, designing commercial, public, educational, domestic, and ecclesiastical buildings.
Waterhouse was born in Liverpool of Quaker parents. After being articled to Richard Lane in Manchester, he took a ten-month tour of the Continent, then established his own practice in Manchester. Many of his early commissions came from Quakers and other nonconformist patrons. He came to national recognition when he won success in a competition for the design of Manchester assize courts. His next major public commissions in Manchester were for Strangeways Gaol and Manchester Town Hall. In 1865 he opened an office in London, which was followed by his first major commission in London, the Natural History Museum. Meanwhile he was also designing country houses. Here his major work was the rebuilding of Eaton Hall in Cheshire for the 1st Duke of Westminster, which was "the most expensive country house of the [19th] century". He also designed educational buildings including schools and works for the universities of Cambridge, Oxford, Manchester, and Liverpool. In the commercial field, he designed banks, and offices for insurance and assurance companies, especially the Prudential Assurance Company, for whom he built 27 buildings.
Waterhouse's success came from "a thoroughly professional approach rather than on brilliance or innovation as a stylist". He paid particular attention to detail and, although he designed many major buildings, he still accepted smaller commissions. Although most of his work was in the Gothic Revival style, he also employed other styles, including Romanesque and French Renaissance. He used many building materials, but is noted for his use of red brick and terracotta. The use of these materials for many university buildings in the north of England is a major factor in their being termed "red brick universities". In addition to his design work as an architect, Waterhouse was an assessor for about 60 architectural competitions. He was awarded the Royal Gold Medal of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1878 for his design for Manchester Town Hall, and was president of that institution from 1888 to 1891. He was gained international diplomas, and in 1895 was awarded an honorary LL.D by Manchester University. Waterhouse was also a painter, exhibiting 80 watercolours at the Royal Academy. He suffered a stroke in 1901, and died in his home at Yattendon, Berkshire, in 1905. His practice was continued by his son Paul, followed by his grandson, Michael, and his great-grandson. His estate at death amounted to over £215,000 (equivalent to £ as of ).
This is a list of the more notable civic and public buildings designed by Waterhouse, and includes such structures as town halls, clock towers, hospitals, a prison, hotels, a market hall, a museum, and a library.
Key
Buildings
See also
List of ecclesiastical works by Alfred Waterhouse
List of domestic works by Alfred Waterhouse
List of educational buildings by Alfred Waterhouse
List of commercial buildings by Alfred Waterhouse
References
Bibliography
Lists of buildings and structures by architect
Lists of buildings and structures in England
Lists of buildings and structures in Scotland
Bojayá () is a municipality in the Chocó Department, Colombia, its municipal centre is the town Bellavista Nuevo. The Bojayá massacre occurred in the original Bellavista on May 2, 2002.
An essentially new town was constructed, on a hill to avoid flooding, one kilometer upriver from the original Bellavista in 2003, and inaugurated in 2007. Whereby the original Bellavista was renamed to Bellavista Viejo (Old Bellavista in Spanish), and the new town Bellavista Nuevo (New Bellavista). Bellavista Viejo is currently completely abandoned.
Bojaya municipality
The Bojaya municipality, according to a 2005 census, has 9941 inhabitants. 58.4% of the population of the municipality is afro-Colombian, and 41.4% and indigenous Embera. 95.86% of the population do not have their basic needs met.
The municipality contains part of the Utría National Natural Park.
There is still paramilitary and presence of the ELN in the region, tensions and violence between the groups are still threatening the population in the region.
Bellavista Nuevo
Half of the inhabitants of the Bojayá region live in the municipal centre, Bellavista. After the massacre, only a part of the population remained or returned to the region. The remains of the victims of the massacre are buried in the new town, a mausoleum has also been built in their memory.
Relocation
The new town one kilometer south of the original position. was built after the Bojayá massacre by the Colombian government. The relocation of Bellavista was announced on May 7, 2002, 5 days after the massacre by president Andrés Pastrana who visited the region after the massacre. The main reason for the relocation, namely the frequent flooding of the town, is a reality not exclusive to Bellavista, but rather common to the region. The majority of the town was in favour of a relocation, but the town was torn on the issue. The university Universidad Javeriana in Bogotá was put in charge of the design of the new town. The 265 houses were built of concrete, exceptional in the region, and provided with, among other services, a water installation and electricity.
Bellavista Viejo
The old town, Bellavista Viejo, is currently completely abandoned. The old San Pablo Apóstol church has been restored after the massacre in 2002, and is being maintained in memory of the tragic event. Every year, on the second of May, a memorial is held in the church. During this service, the statue of Christ mutilated in the massacre, el Christo Mutilado de Bojaya, is brought in a procession by river, from the new church in Bellavista Nuevo to Bellavista Viejo.
Climate
Bellavista Nuevo, the capital of Bojayá has a very wet tropical rainforest climate (Af).
References
External links
Revista Semana: Un Pueblo a la Espera
Municipalities of Chocó Department
The Saint Helena rail (Aphanocrex podarces) was a large flightless rail from Saint Helena. It became extinct in the early 16th century.
When American ornithologist Alexander Wetmore described this species from subfossil remains which were found at Prosperous Bay, Saint Helena, he classified it into the new genus Aphanocrex. However, in 1973 American paleontologist Storrs Olson synonymised this genus with the genus Atlantisia, the other representative of which was the Inaccessible Island rail (Atlantisia rogersi). While Olson had considered it as congener of the Inaccessible Island rail, other scientists regarded it not even as a close relative and so it was renamed as Aphanocrex.
The Saint Helena rail was relatively large and reached almost the size of the New Zealand weka (Gallirallus australis). In contrast to the weka it was more slender. Since Saint Helena was predator free until the sixteenth century, the swamphen had lost its ability to fly but its wings were better developed like the wings of the rails from Inaccessible Island and Ascension Island. Furthermore, it had strong toes with long claws, which gave that species a good ability to climb and flutter up the steep valley walls. It fed probably on the eggs and the juveniles of several Saint Helena terrestrial and pelagic bird species and on snails. Like other ground-nesting birds such as the Saint Helena crake and the Saint Helena hoopoe it became a victim of alien predators like cats and rats which were brought to Saint Helena after 1502.
Storrs Olson suggested that Aphanocrex may have fed on food dropped by visiting seabirds.
References
Further reading
Storrs L. Olson, Paleornithology of St Helena Island, south Atlantic Ocean, Smithsonian Contributions to Paleobiology 23 (1975)
Saint Helena swamphen
†
Extinct flightless birds
Extinct birds of Atlantic islands
Bird extinctions since 1500
Saint Helena rail
Taxa named by Alexander Wetmore
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The Revival Process or the Process of Rebirth () refers to a policy of forced assimilation practiced by the socialist Bulgarian government in the 1980s. The policy involved the ethnic cleansing of Bulgaria's ethnic Turkish minority, which eventually culminated in the forced expulsion of 360,000 ethnic Turks in 1989.
Repressions
Bulgaria's about 900,000 ethnic Turks, at that time representing 10% of the country's population, were to assimilate by changing their Turkish names, including their deceased ancestors', to "Bulgarian" names. Exercising their Turkish customs and language as well as Islamic faith were also prohibited. The name-changing campaign was carried out between late 1984 and early 1985. The repressions lasted unabated from 1984 through 1989 under the communist government of Todor Zhivkov. Those who refused were subjected to persecution, including imprisonment, expulsion and internment in the then reactivated infamous Belene labor camp, situated on an island in the Danube river.
In 1984, the Bulgarian Government initiated an assimilation campaign in which Turks were forced to change their Turkish names for Bulgarian names. By March 1985 the Bulgarian Government announced the Bulgarisation had been completed and the Bulgarian Turks were provided with several newly issued documents for identification. The Turkish minority rebelled and protests ensued against the forced assimilation and by 1989 the Bulgarian Government came to the conclusion that an emigration of the Turkish population into Turkey was to be encouraged actively.
1989 ethnic cleansing
Migration to Turkey
In early 1989, in some areas with large ethnic Turkish populations severe clashes with fatalities occurred, following which the Chairman of the Bulgarian state council Todor Zhivkov addressed to population encouraging Bulgarian Turks to settle to Turkey. Shortly after his address, the border with Turkey was opened on 29 May 1989 exclusively for the country's Turks and Muslims and over 360,000 left Communist Bulgaria for Turkey between 30 May 1989 and 22 August 1989. Turkey eventually closed the border to prevent a further immigration of Bulgarian Turks. Faced with difficulties settling in Turkey, within the first three months of their arrival 40,000 Turks and Muslims returned to Bulgaria. This process continued and by the end of 1990 about 150,000 people have returned to Bulgaria suggesting a largely voluntary character of the migration.
This 1989 expulsion of the Bulgarian Turks to Turkey had been the largest case of ethnic cleansing in Europe since the expulsion of Germans living east of the Oder-Neisse line during 1944-1950, as agreed at the Potsdam Conference. On 11 January 2012, the Bulgarian Parliament officially recognized the 1989 expulsion as ethnic cleansing. However, some Bulgarian mainstream parties have been rebuked for their continued neglect and disregard for the events of 1989.
Migration to Western countries
In addition to the mass migration waves to Turkey, many Bulgarian Turks also sought refuge in Western Europe, especially in Austria, Germany, and Sweden. Many also found refuge in Australia, Canada, England, and the United States.
Aftermath
On the 10 November 1989 Zhivkov was forced to resign and the new Bulgarian Government restored the right to have Turkish names.
See also
Bulgarian Muslims
Bulgarian Turks
Bulgarian Turks in Turkey
Crimean Tatars in Bulgaria
Muhacir
Pomaks
Romani people in Bulgaria
Turks in Bulgaria
References
External links
NY Times Article, Bulgaria Forces Exodus of Thousands
T Kamusella. 2016. The Forgotten 1989 Etnic Cleansing of Bulgaria's Turks: a Yugoslav Connection? Ljubljana: University of Ljubljana, Slovenia
The Declaration Condemning the Attempted Forced Assimilation of Bulgarian Muslims (2012)
Post–World War II forced migrations
People's Republic of Bulgaria
Turkish diaspora in Europe
Ethnic cleansing in Europe
Bulgaria–Turkey relations
1980s in Bulgaria
Islam in Bulgaria
Pomaks
Persecution of Balkan Turks
Cardiopteridaceae is a eudicot family of flowering plants. It consists of about 43 species of trees, shrubs, and woody vines, mostly of the tropics, but with a few in temperate regions. It contains six genera, the largest of which is Citronella, with 21 species. The other genera are much smaller.
Citronella mucronata is grown as an ornamental for its attractively shiny leaves and fragrant flowers. A tea is made from the leaves of Citronella gongonha which is similar to yerba maté.
The APG III classification (2009) places them in the order Aquifoliales. This order consists of Cardiopteridaceae, its sister family, Stemonuraceae, and the three monogeneric families Phyllonomaceae, Helwingiaceae, and Aquifoliaceae.
The family name
The family Cardiopteridaceae was established by Carl Ludwig Blume in 1847 when he described the species Cardiopteris moluccana. Blume based his new family on Cardiopteris, a name that had previously been used by John Royle and Nathaniel Wallich, but not validly published. In 1843, Justus Hasskarl had published the name Peripterygium quinqueloba for what is now Cardiopteris quinqueloba. Blume indicated his awareness of Hasskarl's plant and included it as another species of Cardiopteris when he published Cardiopteris moluccana.
A complex nomenclatural dispute ensued and lasted well into the twentieth century. Because the basionym, Cardiopteris, was in question, the corresponding family name Cardiopteridaceae was in question as well. The ICBN finally conserved the name Cardiopteris against Peripterygium.
Circumscription
Prior to the seminal study by Kårehed in 2001, Cardiopteridaceae had consisted of only Cardiopteris. For example, Hermann Sleumer considered it to be monogeneric in his treatment of the family for Die Natürlichen Pflanzenfamilien in 1942. John Hutchinson did likewise in 1973.
In 2001, Icacinaceae was shown to be polyphyletic. It has since been divided into five segregate families: Cardiopteridaceae, Stemonuraceae, Pennantiaceae, Metteniusaceae, and Icacinaceae sensu stricto. Icacinaceae sensu stricto will eventually be divided further.
In the 2001 study of Icacinaceae, Kårehed transferred Citronella, Gonocaryum, and Leptaulus from Icacinaceae to Cardiopteridaceae. He also provisionally placed Metteniusa, Dendrobangia, and Pseudobotrys there as well, until further studies could give some firm indication of their true relationships.
In 2007, a molecular phylogenetic study showed that Metteniusa belongs to a group of asterids known as the lamiids. The order Aquifoliales, which includes Cardiopteridaceae, belongs to another asterid group called campanulids.
The inclusion of Pseudobotrys in Cardiopteridaceae remains doubtful. DNA sequences submitted to GenBank in 2009 indicate that Dendrobangia does not belong in Cardiopteridaceae and is more closely related to genera like Apodytes.
Cardiopteridaceae, sensu Kårehed, is rather diverse in spite of having only six genera. Because of the distinctive structure of Cardiopteris, some authors today, continue to put Cardiopteris in a family by itself. The other five genera are then placed in Leptaulaceae, a family created by Philippe van Tieghem in 1897. The monophyly of Leptaulaceae has never been tested by phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequences.
References
External links
Cardiopteridaceae At: Aquifoliales. At: Angiosperm Phylogeny Website At: Missouri Botanical Garden Website
Family and Suprafamilial Names At: James L. Reveal
Illustrations of the Botany···of the Himalayan Mountains
Wallich Catalog
Justus Hasskarl on Peripterygium
Arthur Bullock on Cardiopteridaceae
Asterid families
5.45×18mm MPTs (7N7) is a Soviet pistol cartridge.
It is chambered in the PSM pistol, OTs-23 Drotik machine pistol and OTs-26 pistol.
History and design
It was designed in the Soviet Union in the early 1970s by Antonina D. Denisova at the Precision Mechanical Engineering Central Research Institute (TsNIITochmash). The development was done in concert with that of the PSM.
The cartridge is designed to use light spitzer-pointed jacketed bullets.
Variants
5.45×18mm 7N7 (7Н7): spitzer-pointed full metal jacket bullet with steel conical core. The bullet energy is stated to be up to 1.5 times that of .25 ACP in a similar sized cartridge. It is stated to be capable of penetrating 45 layers of Kevlar soft body armor at close distances.
5.45×18mm PSO (ПСО): spitzer-pointed full metal jacket bullet with lead core.
5.45×18mm 7H8 (холостой патрон 7Х8): blank cartridge
References
External links
Barnes, Frank C., ed. by John T. Amber. Cartridges of the World. Northfield: DBI Books, 1972.
Cutshaw, Charlie. The New World of Russian Small Arms & Ammo. Boulder: Paladin Press, 1998.
Fortier, David M. "Military Ammo Today". Handguns. November 2008.
5.45×18mm firearms
Pistol and rifle cartridges
Military cartridges
Haanpää is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ari Haanpää (born 1965), Finnish hockey player
Pentti Haanpää (1905–1955), Finnish author
Samuel Haanpää (born 1986), Finnish basketball player
Finnish-language surnames
The Ticuș is a right tributary of the river Olt in Romania. It discharges into the Olt in Ticușu Nou. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Brașov County
This is a discography of Milli Vanilli, a pop/dance music project formed by Frank Farian in Germany in 1988, fronted by Fab Morvan and Rob Pilatus.
The discography consists of three studio albums solely by Milli Vanilli released in different parts of the world, two remix albums released worldwide, an album by The Real Milli Vanilli released shortly after the exposure, an album by Rob & Fab, the two original members, and the singles.
Milli Vanilli's first album, All or Nothing, was released in Europe in mid-1988. The success of the record brought attention of Arista Records who signed the duo and released their album in the US with different name, Girl You Know It's True. In the United Kingdom, the double album 2 X 2 was released; the first CD being the original All or Nothing and the second the remix album.
All of the singles released from the album made it into Billboard Hot 100 top 5. The first single, "Girl You Know It's True", reached No. 2. The following single, "Baby Don't Forget My Number", became the duo's first number one song, with the next two singles—"Blame It on the Rain" and "Girl I'm Gonna Miss You"—topping the chart as well. The final single, "All or Nothing", reached No. 4.
Albums
Studio albums
Remix albums
Compilation albums
Maximum Millli Vanilli: Hits That Shook the World (1990) (promotional album)
Best of the Best/The Greatest Hits (2006)
Girl You Know It's True: The Best of Milli Vanill (2013)
Unreleased albums
Back and in Attack (1998)
Other related albums
Try 'N' B – Try 'N' B (1992)
Rob & Fab – Rob & Fab (1993)
Fab Morvan – Love Revolution (2003)
Singles
Notes:
A credited as "The Real Milli Vanilli"
B credited as "Rob & Fab"
Videography
References
External Links
Discographies of German artists
Pop music group discographies
Kennel Peak () is a small but notable rock peak, over high, about north of Rockney Ridge in the Demas Range of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–69, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for ionospheric physicist A. Alexander Kennel, who was Station Scientific Leader at South Pole Station in 1969.
References
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
The Bayside Bridge is a girder bridge in Pinellas County which crosses over the northwesternmost end of Tampa Bay, connecting Clearwater, Florida and Largo, Florida. Construction began in the early 1990s and was completed in the summer of 1993, officially opening for traffic on June 2 of that year. Originally conceived in the 1970s as the 49th Street Bridge, a toll-levied part of the Pinellas Parkway, the current six-lane twin-span bridge provides direct, unmitigated access from eastern Clearwater to St. Petersburg/Clearwater International Airport by connecting McMullen Booth Road to 49th Street North and also serves as a bypass for heavily congested US 19.
The speed limit is 55 mph (or about 88 km/h) until McMullen Booth. Due to cambering differences, cars experience bouncing when traveling in the northbound lanes. This occurs for the first (southern) half of the northbound span.
It features a SPUI interchange at State Road 60 and a diamond interchange on the south end of the bridge. Along with the bridge, a $12 million interchange was built at the intersection of 49th Street and Roosevelt Boulevard. The bridge was completed before McMullen Booth Road was widened, dumping up to 36,000 cars a day onto the two-lane road. On streets such as Marlo Road, drivers could wait as long as 15 minutes before being able to make a left turn.
In 1991, Pinellas County administrator Fred Marquis argued that the cost of the bridge could be funded by a 10-year extension of gasoline taxes. The plan went through as the "Penny for Pinellas" tax. This eliminated the need for a planned $2.5 million, 16-lane toll booth that would have been built on sensitive marshlands at the south end of the bridge. The cost of construction of the bridge is estimated at $71 million.
The plan is for the Bayside Bridge to connect to nearby Interstate 275 via the Gateway Expressway that started construction in August 2017.
References
External links
County Road 296 Connection Project at Tampa Bay Interstates site
Bridges completed in 1993
Bridges in Pinellas County, Florida
Buildings and structures in Clearwater, Florida
Buildings and structures in Largo, Florida
Road bridges in Florida
Bridges over Tampa Bay
1993 establishments in Florida
Cantilever bridges in the United States
Ramat Yohanan (, lit. Yohanan Heights) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located near Kiryat Ata and adjacent to the kibbutzim of Kfar HaMaccabi and Usha, it falls under the jurisdiction of Zevulun Regional Council. In it had a population of . In 2014, Forbes Israel ranked the Kibbutz as the 6th richest in Israel with an estimated value of 250 million Shekels.
History
The kibbutz was founded in 1931 on land bought by Yehoshua Hankin from the Lebanese in 1925. The founders were a mix of native Jews and immigrants from the United States. It was named after the South African politician Jan Smuts, who was a prominent supporter of Zionism and a personal friend of Chaim Weizmann. Upon graduating from high school in 1940, Yitzhak Rabin joined the kibbutz's Noar Ha'oved (Working Youth) training program.
It was the location of the Battle of Ramat Yohanan during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine. The Druze regiment of the Arab Liberation Army were confronted by the Haganah soldiers. During the battle the defenders ran out of ammunition and fought with knives before they were re-supplied. Subsequently, the Druze ran out of ammunition and withdrew to their base in Shefa-'Amr with many casualties. As a result of their defeat, many Druzes swapped sides in the conflict, and began co-operating with the Haganah.
Economy
The kibbutz grows produce including mainly avocado, lychee and citrus fruits. The kibbutz has large dairy farm of 600 milk cows, a thousand acres of fields, and a large chicken breeding farm.
The main economical power of the kibbutz comes from the company Palram, which mainly manufactures plastic sheets for the building industry . and Canopia which manufacturers garden and outdoor products.
Beginning in the 1970s, Ramat Yohanan hosted an ulpan program. In recent years aimed primarily at American and Russian students, the program ceased operating in 2017 mostly due to Israeli government changes to immigration evaluations.
References
American-Jewish culture in Israel
Kibbutzim
Kibbutz Movement
Populated places established in 1932
Populated places in Haifa District
1932 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
The LCL Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The line runs from Covington, Kentucky, to Louisville, Kentucky, for a total of . At its north end the line continues as a branch of the Cincinnati Terminal Subdivision, and at its south end the line continues as the Louisville Terminal Subdivision.
See also
List of CSX Transportation lines
References
CSX Transportation lines
Transportation in Kenton County, Kentucky
Transportation in Boone County, Kentucky
Transportation in Grant County, Kentucky
Transportation in Gallatin County, Kentucky
Transportation in Carroll County, Kentucky
Transportation in Trimble County, Kentucky
Transportation in Henry County, Kentucky
Transportation in Oldham County, Kentucky
Transportation in Louisville, Kentucky
Tollefson Nunatak () is a nunatak lying 5 nautical miles (9 km) west of Olander Nunatak, being one of several scattered and somewhat isolated nunataks located 40 nautical miles (70 km) north of the Merrick Mountains, in Palmer Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–67. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for T.W. Tollefson, construction electrician at Eights Station in 1963.
Nunataks of Palmer Land
Kikigogo is a village in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 389.
References
External links
Satellite map at Maplandia.com
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Alfred Frodsham ( – ) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s and 1930s, and coached in the 1940s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for St. Helens, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5, and coached at club level for St. Helens.
Background
Alf Frodsham's birth was registered in Prescot district, Lancashire, England.
International honours
Alf Frodsham won caps for England while at St. Helens in 1927 against Wales, and in 1928 against Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at St. Helens in 1928 against New Zealand (2 matches), and in 1929 against Australia.
County Cup Final appearances
Alf Frodsham played right-, i.e. number 3, and scored a try in St. Helens' 10-2 victory over St Helens Recs in the 1926 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1926–27 season at Wilderspool Stadium, Warrington on Saturday 20 November 1926, and played right-, i.e. number 3, in the 9-10 defeat by Warrington in the 1932 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1932–33 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 19 November 1932.
Genealogical information
Alf Frodsham was the older brother of the rugby league footballer for St. Helens; W. Harry Frodsham, and the rugby league footballer Eric Frodsham.
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society profile
1902 births
1974 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league coaches
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
Rugby league wingers
St Helens R.F.C. coaches
St Helens R.F.C. players
St Helens Recreation RLFC players
The 2017–18 Boise State Broncos women's basketball team represents Boise State University during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Broncos, led by 13th-year head coach Gordy Presnell, play their home games at Taco Bell Arena as a member of the Mountain West Conference. They finished the season 23–10, 14–4 in Mountain West play to win the Mountain West regular season title with UNLV. They were also champions of the Mountain West Women's Tournament and earn an automatic trip to the NCAA Women's Tournament where they lost in the first round to Louisville.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=""| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=""| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=""| Mountain West regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=""| Mountain West Women's Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=""| NCAA Women's Tournament
Rankings
2017–18 NCAA Division I women's basketball rankings
See also
2017–18 Boise State Broncos men's basketball team
References
Boise State Broncos women's basketball seasons
Boise State
Boise
Boise
Boise State
Mariam Omar may refer to:
Mariam Omar (politician)
Mariam Omar (synchronized swimmer)
The Big Ten Conference has been playing softball since 1982 when the Big Ten Conference Softball Tournament was established to decide its champion. The Big Ten then began league play the following season in 1983 while eliminating the tournament until 1995. The tournament ran again from 1995 to 2008 and then again from 2013 to present day, which is used to determine the league's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Softball Championship while the regular season determines the conference champion.
Champions
These are the official Big Ten champions based on standings. 1982 was the only year the conference tournament was used to determine the champion. After that, the regular season determined the champion while the tournament held from 1983 to 1994 and 2009-13 was used only to determine the automatic bid into the NCAA Division I Softball Tournament.
Championships by school
An asterisk (*) indicates a shared (regular season) Big Ten championship.
See also
List of Big Ten Conference baseball champions
References
Champions
Big Ten Conference
Recurring sporting events established in 1982
Fingertip (Season 2) is an original Tamil-Language web series directed by Srinivasan Shivakar starring Prasanna, Aparana Balamurali, Regina Cassandra, Vinoth Kishan, Kanna Ravi, and Sharath Ravi. Fingertip Season 2 premiering on June 17, 2022, on ZEE5.
Plot
The lives of six individuals get severely affected by the ever-changing digital space. While some are predators, some are victims of cybercrime and digital depression.
Cast
Prasanna
Regina Cassandra
Aparna Balamurali
Vinoth Kishan
Sharath Ravi
Kanna Ravi
G. Marimuthu
Kitty
Jeeva Ravi
References
External links
Fingertip at ZEE5
Tamil-language web series
Parmar Run is a long 1st order tributary to Scott Run in Brooke County, West Virginia. This is the only stream of this name in the United States.
Course
Parmar Run rises about 2 miles east of Mechling Hill in Washington County on the Pennsylvania State Line and then flows southwest into West Virginia to join Scott Run at Scott Run, West Virginia.
Watershed
Parmar Run drains of area, receives about 40.2 in/year of precipitation, has a wetness index of 317.44, and is about 54% forested.
See also
List of Rivers of West Virginia
List of Rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Rivers of West Virginia
Rivers of Washington County, Pennsylvania
Rivers of Brooke County, West Virginia
Shootout at the Sugar Factory, released in 2003, is the second solo album by Tris McCall, a music journalist, novelist, and rock musician from Hudson County, New Jersey.
Production and thematic notes
Shootout at the Sugar Factory was Tris McCall's follow-up album to If One of These Bottles Should Happen to Fall (1999), which had established the prominence of New Jersey life and politics in McCall's songwriting.
The album was co-produced by Jay Braun of the Negatones, of whom McCall stated, "I don't think he was interested in telling a coherent story about my experiences in Hudson County. He was looking for certain musical virtues, a certain rock ferocity."
In contrast with the desired impression of ferocity, Brooklyn music journalist Michele De Meglio categorized Shootout as "an ode to bubblegum pop infused with the musician's synthpunk" in "a record completely focused on the art and architecture of New York and New Jersey." McCall told De Meglio, "All these songs are about how much I love built environments. It's love songs sung to the city, roads, highways, and the plastic face of public culture."
In 2004, McCall told Chorus & Verse that the "most polemical" songs were the last ones added, adding that without the "full force" of argumentative lyrics on urban decay, he would have run an unacceptable "risk of being inscrutable to the casual listener." Making explicit the connections among the songs in Shootout, McCall called it "an album about public culture and the fragility of urban spaces."
Songs
Shootout opened with the "apocalyptic farewell" of an overqualified toll collector in "Scatter My Ashes on the New Jersey Turnpike". In the music magazine Delusions of Adequacy, Justin Vellucci's review called Shootout a "frighteningly addictive mix of synthetic pop soundscapes, club-ready electronica, and quirky rock freakouts": There's a lot on display here, from disco-tinged funk exercises ("Dancing to Architecture," "Go Back to West New York") and AOR-friendly electro-pop ("A Commuter's Prayer") to Devo-inspired rock insanity ("The Man From Nantucket," "The Night Bus"), Latin-influenced fare ("Robert Menendez Basta Ya!"), and quirky musical moral lessons ("Another Public Service Announcement"). McCall and company manage to carry the torch notably on each of the record's self-described "musical impressions" of Hudson County, showing a willingness to play with the light-hearted side of the material — as well as the genres they're referencing — while still taking it seriously as artistic content.
Critical reception
Vellucci's review concluded that "despite being grounded in some odd footings", the music on Shootout "ages and grows well with each passing listen."
In The Record, music critic Barry Gramlich cited the album for its "cheeky lyrics" and "sardonic wit," writing that McCall's work "could be juxtaposed next to the opening-credit scenes of The Sopranos."
Track listing
References
External links
2003 albums
Tris McCall albums
Music of New Jersey
The Auckland Youth Symphonic Band Incorporated (AYSB (Inc)) is an incorporated society that runs both the Auckland Youth Symphonic Band (AYSB) and the Auckland Wind Orchestra (AWO), both based in Auckland, New Zealand.
About
The AYSB and AWO are both community concert bands based in Auckland, New Zealand. The AYSB primarily consists of members from year 7 (age 12) to university age, while members of the AWO are typically of university age to adults. Instruments in both groups include: piccolo, flute, oboe, clarinet (including bass clarinet), bassoon, saxophone, French horn, trumpet, trombone, euphonium, tuba, orchestral percussion and drum kit.
Repertoire and Performances
Both bands play a variety of music, including classical transcriptions, folk tunes, film music, musicals, dance accompaniments and dances, and original compositions. There is a focus, however, on dedicated Concert Band repertoire. This has changed somewhat from the band's early days of primarily light music and marches.
Both bands typically play in concerts in Auckland as standalone performances, however do often combine. Occasionally, they have performed as a part of a larger event.
History
The Auckland Youth Symphonic Band was established in 1967 by Hugh Dixon, as an opportunity for amateur woodwind and brass musicians to perform in a group after dissatisfaction with orchestral parts.
In 1970, the Band was renamed from the Auckland Junior Symphonic Band (AJSB) to the Auckland Youth Symphonic Band (AYSB) and in 1971, became an Incorporated society.
The Junior Division was formed in 1973 after the number of players reached 86. This was called the Junior Division (as opposed to the Senior Division) of the AYSB.
In 1974, an ensemble consisting of flute and clarinet players was formed, under the direction of Tony Webster. This was disbanded in 1975.
In 1980 the Senior Division toured Singapore, and in 1986 the Junior Division toured Fiji. In 1988, the Junior Division played in Brisbane, for the 1988 World Expo. In 1998, the AYSB travelled to Australia to perform in the 21st Manly International Jazz Festival.
In 1999, the Senior Division of the AYSB was renamed to the Auckland Wind Orchestra.
Conductors
Auckland Wind Orchestra
1967–1977 Hugh Dixon
1977–1989? Don Carpenter
1989–1994 David Adlam
1994–1999 Jim Allen
1998–2003 Peter Thomas
2001–2008 Adrian Raven, Peter Thomas, Andrew Marshall, John Rimmer, Opeloge Ah Sam, Ashley Hopkins
2008–2009 Ewan Clark
2009–2010 Ryan Youens
2011–2015 Hamish Arthur
2016–2021 Oliver Gilmour
2021-present Alex Eichelbaum
Auckland Youth Symphonic Band
1973–1975 Martin Heath
1975–1977 David Adlam
1977 David Savigny
1977–2018 Rod McLeay
2018–present Michael Jamieson
Flute and Clarinet Ensemble
1974–1975 Tony Webster
References
External links
Auckland Wind Orchestra website
Auckland Youth Symphonic Band website
Concert bands
Musical groups from Auckland
Musical groups established in 1967
Wind bands
New Zealand classical music groups
The women's team foil fencing event at the 2017 Summer Universiade was held 25 August at the Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center in Taipei, Taiwan.
Seeds
Since the number of individual épée event participants are 65, 66 will be the added number on those who did not participate in the individual event.
Ranking Round
Bronze Medal
Final Ranking
References
Fencing at the 2017 Summer Universiade
Mark C. Yerger (1955 – 6 September 2016) was an American author of books about the Schutzstaffel and Waffen-SS of Nazi Germany. He had close contacts to SS veterans, through whom he was able to access private archives, and wrote biographies of commanders and award recipients of the SS and of SS units. Historians of World War II have described Yerger's work as uncritical, hagiographic and whitewashing towards the SS.
Life
Born in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, Yerger was the son of Richard E. Yerger and Katheryn Woelper Yerger. He had a sister.
Works
Yerger collected photographs and documents about commanders and members of the SS, the SS-Verfügungstruppe and the Waffen-SS. Apart from researching archives in the US and Europe, he sought to contact Waffen-SS veterans and participated in veterans' reunions. Otto Weidinger and Otto Kumm, among others, brought Yerger into contact with other veterans, who provided him with access to information and documents.
Yerger wrote biographies of Weidinger, Kumm and Ernst August Krag as well as several (sometimes multi-volume) works about commanders of the Waffen-SS, the recipients of the German Cross in gold and silver in Waffen-SS and the police, as well as about individual units such as the SS Division "Das Reich", the SS Cavalry Brigade and the SS-Division "Totenkopf". HIAG, the SS veterans' organization, awarded Yerger with the HIAG brooch of honor in gold for his works. Otto Baum, the commander of the Waffen-SS divisions "Das Reich", "Götz von Berlichingen" and "Reichsführer-SS" wrote a preface to Yerger's second volume of Waffen-SS Commanders, in which he complained about unfair treatment in the Nuremberg trials and said that the Waffen-SS was, like the Wehrmacht, not a criminal organization.
Historians' assessments
Historians have assessed Yerger's writings as "uncritical", "completely inadequate because of their glossing over" or "revisionist". The historian Christoph Rass called Yerger's book Riding East about the SS cavalry brigade a "whitewashing and in its interpretation more than concerning presentation" of the unit's operations. Yerger's book, according to Rass, is "an example of a downplaying and uncritical history of a Waffen-SS unit, whose participation in numerous war crimes is well documented". A telling example of Yerger's treatment of the sources, Rass writes, is that "he cites the thanks of General Schellert to the SS cavalry brigade of 6 November 1941, but only mentions its 'action on the flank' and not also 'in the back' of the division". writes that Yerger celebrated Hermann Fegelein as a war hero.
In The Myth of the Eastern Front, Ronald Smelser and Edward J. Davies describe Yerger as a "guru" in the scene of those who romanticize the Waffen-SS. According to them, Yerger's work was closest to that of a historian in his reference book Waffen-SS Commanders. But they consider that his objectivity was compromised by the influence of the veterans who served as his sources, and that he unduly romanticized the supposed bravery and sacrifice of the SS. His detailed biographies, according to Smelser and Davies, are no prosopographies, but iconographies, because he focused primarily on his subjects' military performance and their awards and honors. With publications that contain more photographs than text, and a generally hagiographical treatment of their subjects, they write, Yerger's works do not provide a frame for historical interpretation, but create a romanticized world of their own, characterized by bravery and sacrifice. About the participation of SS personnel in war crimes, Yerger wrote only what could not be avoided, according to Smelser and Davies.
Partial bibliography
Otto Weidinger. Knights Cross with oak leaves and swords : SS-Panzer-Grenadier-Regiment 4 "Der Führer". JJ Fedorowicz Publishing, Winnipeg 1987, .
Otto Kumm. Knight's Cross with Oakleaves and Swords : commander, SS-Panzer-Grenadier-Regiment 4 "Der Führer". J.J. Fedorowicz Pub, Winnipeg, Man., Canada 1989, .
Knights of Steel. The structure, development and personalities of the 2. SS-Panzer-Division "Das Reich". 1. Auflage. Yerger, Lancester, Pa. 1994, .
Images of the Waffen-SS. A photo chronicle of Germany's elite troops. Schiffer Publishing, Atglen, PA 1996, .
Riding East. The SS Cavalry Brigade in Poland and Russia, 1939-1942. Schiffer Publishing, Atglen, PA 1996, .
SS-Sturmbannführer Ernst August Krag. Träger des Ritterkreuzes mit Eichenlaub, Kommandeur SS-Sturmgeschützabteilung 2, SS-Panzer-Aufklärungsabteilung 2 ; "Das Reich. Schiffer Publishing, Atglen, PA 1996, .
Allgemeine-SS. The commands, units and leaders of the general SS. Schiffer, Atglen Pa. 1997, .
Waffen-SS Commanders. The army, corps, and divisional leaders of a legend. Schiffer, Atglen 1997.
Streifzüge. Ein Photoalbum der Waffen-SS. Podzun-Pallas, Wölfersheim-Berstadt 2000, .
German Cross in Silver. Holders of the SS and police. 1. Auflage. Bender, San Jose Calif. 2002, .
German Cross in Gold. Holders of the SS and police. R. James Bender Pub, San Jose, CA 2003-<c2014>, .
With Ignacio Arrondo: Totenkopf. The structure, development, and personalities of the 3.SS-Panzer Division. Helion & Company Limited, Solihull 2015, .
References
1955 births
2016 deaths
People from Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
American military writers
Writers from Pennsylvania
Denialism
Genocide denial
Historical negationism
Pseudohistorians
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
The Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ARABCCI) or (ArabCham) in Hong Kong was established in 2006 to promote commercial ties between Hong Kong and Greater China with the Arab world. The Arab Chamber of Commerce is a not for profit organisation, The President is Edwin Hitti.
Activities
Shariah Advisory Council
The Arab Chamber established the first Shariah Advisory Council in Hong Kong, made up of experts in the Islamic code of law. It was established because of the great of Shariah compliance of banking services, financial products, and commercial establishments requiring compliance supervision and regulation, and the lack of services that was provided in Hong Kong and China. The Shariah Advisory Council, established by The Chamber, filled that gap and to this day has provided council and regulation for many establishments throughout Hong Kong and China.
Hong Kong Islamic Index
The HK Islamic Index (HKII), was established in 2007 by the Chamber to support Hong Kong's ambitions to develop into a Shariah compliant, Islamic banking and financial centre and was the first time a chamber of commerce had taken the initiative to create its own equity index. Reuters, Bloomberg, and Quamnet have been contracted to disseminate the HK Islamic Index. The HKII comprises 78 companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, with 39 each from Hong Kong and mainland China. The Hong Kong Islamic Index was valued at HK$1,419 as of 20 June 2011. Stocks under the index are listed from the Real Estate, Transportation, Information Technology, Industrial Goods, Utilities, Energy, Material, Telecommunications, or Consumer Goods sectors.
Amwal Credit Union
The Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry recognised that when The Chamber was established there was a lack of Islamic Banking in Hong Kong and China. In 2009 it established the Amwal Credit Union, which would provide Shariah compliant, Islamic banking and finance based on the core principles of community and individual responsibility, environmental responsibility, and Islamically permissible banking practices.
The Amwal Credit Union is the first Islamic Credit Union in the world and the first licensed Islamic cooperative financial institution in Hong Kong, and the sole Shariah Compliant credit union within the Greater China region.
The Amwal Credit Union is a member of the Credit Union League of Hong Kong, and the Association of Development Financing Institutions in Asia and the Pacific (ADFIAP).
International Islamic Mediation and Arbitration Centre
The International Islamic Mediation & Arbitration Centre (IMAC) is an independent international institution established pursuant to a resolution agreed by the Chamber on 31 July 2008 in Hong Kong and in consultation with The International Chamber of Commerce.
The Centre was established to conduct the following:
Conducting mediations and arbitrations;
Promotion of international commercial arbitration;
Coordinating the activities of, and offering assistance to, existing arbitration institutions in the region;
Providing assistance to ad hoc arbitrations, including acting as appointing authority, particularly in cases where they are taking place in accordance with the UNCITRAL Rules;
Providing assistance in the enforcement of arbitral awards;
Providing assistance in the settlement of disputes.
With these goals in mind the Centre has held training courses on Shariah and arbitration for members of the judicial sector in Hong Kong and China.
The Mosque Building Fund
The Mosque Building Fund (MBF) is a charitable building fund established by The Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry, in 2008, to collect donations and provide funding in Hong Kong to build mosques, community centres, and other public facilities for the Islamic community. Donations, called Zakat, are collected from individuals or institutions. The payment of a Zakat is mandatory under one of the five pillars of Islam. With currently 175,000 Muslims in Hong Kong there is a great need of services specifically designed for their religion.
HK Institute of Islamic Studies
The Hong Kong Institute of Islamic Studies (HKIS) was established by The Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry in 2008 and offers educational programs in Islamic Law (Shariah), Islamic Finance and Banking, and Islamic Insurance (Takaful). Programs are offered in co-operation with the Institute of Professional Education and Knowledge of Hong Kong.
Support
The establishment of the Chamber and its other organisations have been supported by many organisations:
Hong Kong SAR Government
Ministry of Commerce of the People's Republic of China
General Union of Chambers of Commerce, Industry & Agriculture for Arab Countries (GUCCIAAC)
Union of Arab Banks (UAB)
Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKEx)
Islamic Corporation for Insurance of Investments & Export Credits (ICIEC)
United Muslim Association of Hong Kong (UMAH)
Islamic Chamber of Commerce & Industry (ICCI)
League of Arab States (Arab League)
Islamic Financial Services Board (IFSB)
Affiliations
The Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry is a member of the Islamic Financial Services Board (IFSB), ICC- World Chambers Network (WCN), World Association of Non-Governmental Organizations (WANGO), and a subscriber to the World Bank- Civil Society Organization.
References
External links
2006 establishments in Hong Kong
Arab diaspora in Asia
Credit unions of China
Islamic banking
Islamic organisations based in Hong Kong
Islamic studies
Sankoyo Bush Bucks Football Club is an association football club from Sankoyo, Botswana. They formerly played in the top domestic Botswana Premier League until their relegation in 2019. They play home games in Maun.
Their colours are green and white. Their nickname is "Ngurungu", the local name for a bushbuck.
History
Sankoyo Bush Bucks were founded in 1996 and began play in 2000. They gained promotion to the Premier League in 2014, becoming the first team from the northwestern Nhabe region to play in the Botswana top flight.
The Bush Bucks were docked 29 points after the end of the 2015 season which meant they would be relegated after using an unregistered player, Zimbabwean Morris Ruzivo. However, they won their appeal and remained in the Botswana Premier League. They were relegated at the end of the 2019 season.
Ownership
The team has been largely supported by the Sankoyo Community Trust. The trust contributed about P200,000 each season to support the team.
Coaches
Philani Mabhena (2016)
Drago Stanalojvic (2016)
References
External links
Soccerway
Football clubs in Botswana
1998 establishments in Botswana
Hansholey is a town in the southeastern Middle Shabelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) province of Somalia. It is located in the Jowhar District.
References
Hansholey
Populated places in Middle Shabelle
The 1978 Wyoming gubernatorial election took place on November 7, 1978. Incumbent Democratic Governor Edgar Herschler ran for re-election to a second term. After winning a contested Democratic primary, he advanced to the general election, where he faced former State Senator John Ostlund, the Republican nominee. Despite the strong Republican performance nationwide, Herschler's personal popularity allowed him to narrowly win re-election to Ostlund, making him the first Democratic Governor to win re-election since Lester C. Hunt in 1946.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Edgar Herschler, incumbent Governor
Margaret McKinstry, member of the Laramie County Community College Board of Trustees
Results
Republican Primary
Candidates
John Ostlund, former State Senator
Gus Fleischli, former State Representative
Jim Bace, real estate agent
Results
Results
References
1978 Wyoming elections
1978
Wyoming
November 1978 events
Blue Genes is the fifth story in the "Kate Brannigan Series" written by Scottish author Val McDermid. Written in 1996 the book has mature content and was advised not for younger readers as it has themes of sexual responses and death.
Plot
Kate Brannigan, a private investigator based in Manchester, England, confronts four problems simultaneously. She is commissioned to catch two fraudsters who have been cheating recently bereaved people by promising high quality gravestones at a reduced price if a down payment is made that evening, then disappearing with the money. A neo-punk rock group 'Dan Druff and the Scabby Heided Bains' commission her to trace protection racketeers who are sabotaging their flyposting and gigs. Her business partner Bill has fallen in love with an Australian and plans to marry and move to Australia, closing the detective agency as he owns most of the shares. Her best friend Alexis, a lesbian journalist also asks for Kate's help. Her girlfriend Chris is pregnant following an illegal treatment using genetic material from one woman's ovum to make another pregnant. The doctor responsible for the fertility treatment has been murdered. Alexis and Chris fear that the murder investigation will lead to their being exposed and their baby being taken from them, and beg Kate to use her skills to cover their traces.
Brannigan darts around Manchester at a furious pace coping with all four issues, frequently playing fast and loose with the law sometimes to uphold and sometimes to frustrate it, and aided by a cast of engaging characters such as Richard her rock journalist boyfriend, Gizmo, an unsociable hacker open to pecuniary incentive, Giles the yuppie financier, her friend DI Della Prentice, Dennis, a burglar doing time who is her key advisor on current trends in crime and a selection of the Northern English lesbian community.
Awards
The book has won no current awards but was runner-up for the Young Adults book of Fictional Events.
References
1996 British novels
Novels by Val McDermid
British crime novels
HarperCollins books
De Gouden Kooi (The Golden Cage) is a Dutch reality competition that premiered in 2006 on Tien. The series was based on an early iteration of what would eventually become Endemol's format Big Brother.
Synopsis
The first Dutch episode on 23 September 2006 had slightly fewer than 1 million viewers (10-15% market share, it was programmed right after the Dutch Eredivisie football show, which always attracts many viewers); the two subsequent episodes received around 500,000 viewers (5-10% market share). Thereafter, the audience dropped to about 350,000 . The setting was a €2 million capital villa in Eemnes. After a few months the uglier sides of the participants came to light. A lot of millionaires were constantly plotting how to get rid of the others. Natasia, who had left behind her two young kids, refused to return home when her boyfriend who cared for them asked her to. She wanted to reach her goals first: a drivers license and breast enhancement surgery. One participant regularly ordered the use of (masked) prostitutes. Some participants started (loveless) sexual relationships, which led to jealousy and much verbal abuse. Another contestant, Nena, had to be disqualified on 2 February 2007 after she kicked another participant's leg. 2 days later, Nathanael kicked Huub and they both got into a fight. After much discussion between the directors, Huub got back into the house because he didn't physically attack Nathanael. On 30 November 2007, millionaire Dennis was about to be voted off by all of the other contestants in the house and would not be replaced by another contestant, during the vote, Dennis grabbed a chair and demolished a camera in the house, causing him to be disqualified, but also so he would be replaced with another millionaire.
Format
The housemates will live in a villa, just as in the original series. However, if contestant's lose weekly challenges the housemates with the lowest points will face elimination which will be decided by the contestants.
Each week someone is eliminated and the housemates pick someone to leave the prize money will rise.
Criticism
The concept has been heavily criticized. Because there are no nominations or votings off like in Big Brother, psychologists assume that harassment and bullying will be the only ways of getting rid of one's rivals and obtaining the reward. This would provide a very wrong role model for the youth of the Netherlands. Murray Stone therefore promised to introduce a bully referee. The producers rather expect that housemates will leave if they experience homesickness or family-complications will occur (death, birth, or sickness).
Contestants
Guest players
Dutch reality television series
2006 Dutch television series debuts
2008 Dutch television series endings
The 2018 Skate Canada International was the second event of the 2018–19 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating, a senior-level international invitational competition series. It was held at Place Bell in Laval, Quebec from October 26–28. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Skaters earned points toward qualifying for the 2018–19 Grand Prix Final.
Entries
The ISU published the preliminary assignments on June 29, 2018.
Changes to preliminary assignments
Records
The following new ISU best scores were set during this competition:
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
External links
2018 Skate Canada International
Skate Canada International
Skate Canada International
Skate Canada International
Skate Canada International
Goswin Joseph Augustin, Baron de Stassart (2 September 1780 – 16 October 1854) was a Dutch-Belgian politician.
Stassart studied accounting and economics in Paris. In 1804 he became Auditor in the French State Council, in 1805 he became Intendant in Tirol, and in 1807 he served in the French army in Prussia. In 1810 he became Prefect of the Departments of the Vaucluse and in 1811 of the Estuaries of the Meuse. After the second Austrian restoration he lived on his estate near Namur, until the city of Namur in 1822 sent him to the second chamber of parliament of the Netherlands, where he belonged to the opposition.
After the outbreak of the Belgian revolution in Brussels in September 1830 he was among the delegates of the southern provinces, which were summoned to The Hague. In 1831 he returned to Belgium, where he became a member of the National Congress and a member of the Provisional Government as well as the Senate. In this position he served seven parliamentary sessions as president of the parliament. In 1834 he was appointed by the government as the governor of Brabant. However, in 1838 he had to resign both. In 1840 he became for a short time envoy in Turin.
Honours
1833 : Member of the Royal Academy of Science, Letters and Fine Arts of Belgium.
1835 : President of the Royal academie.
Knight grand Cross in the Order of Saint Stanislaus.
Knight in the Order of Merit of the Bavarian Crown.
Knight in the Order of the Polar Star
References
Sources
Goswin de Stassart
External link
1780 births
1854 deaths
Barons of Belgium
Governors of Namur (province)
Members of the National Congress of Belgium
Presidents of the Senate (Belgium)
Walloon people
President of the Royal Academy of Belgium
Almeda may refer to:
People
Almeda C. Adams (1865 – 1949), American musician
Almeda Riddle (1898 – 1986), American folk singer
Other
Almeda, Houston, Texas
Almeda University, an unaccredited institution
"Almeda" (song), a 2019 song by Solange Knowles
Almeda (Barcelona Metro), a metro station in Cornellà de Llobregat
Almeda, Cornellà de Llobregat, a neighbourhood of Cornellà de Llobregat, in the metropolitan area of Barcelona
Almeda (album), a 2004 album by Cecil Taylor
Joseph A. Woods Jr. (1925 – July 15, 2013) was an American lawyer in the state of California. In 1974 he served as a Senior Associate Special Counsel to the United States House of Representatives Judiciary Committee's impeachment inquiry staff during the impeachment process against Richard Nixon.
Background
A native of Decatur, Alabama, Woods graduated from Boalt Hall in 1949 where he was editor of the California Law Review. His studies were interrupted by his service in World War II. Woods, as a first Lieutenant based in the Pacific from 1944 to 1946, was involved in the invasions of Luzon and Okinawa.
Career
He began practicing law in 1949, joining an Oakland law firm that would later become Donahue Gallagher Woods, where he remained until 1990. From 1956 until 1988, he was also the attorney for Lucky Stores, and was on the board of directors.
In 1974 Woods worked in Washington, D.C., where he served as a Senior Associate Special Counsel to the U.S. House Judiciary Committee's impeachment inquiry staff during the impeachment process against Richard Nixon. His job was to supervise the staff's constitutional and legal research. He led a team of staff lawyers (that included future First Lady Hillary Clinton) examining constitutional and legal questions related to impeachment and the definition of "high crimes and misdemeanors"one of the grounds stated in Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution for impeachment of a federal official. Through their in-depth study of how the constitutional language about impeachment came to be adopted during the 1787 Constitutional Convention and of the long history of British impeachment cases, the staff produced a guide for the Judiciary Committee, a 64-page report, entitled "Constitutional Grounds for Presidential Impeachment," which asserted that not all crimes were impeachable offenses and that not all impeachable offenses were crimes, and that became a focal point of the Judiciary Committee's impeachment inquiry against President Nixon. Since 1974, it has been used as a guidebook during two House presidential impeachment inquiries: against Bill Clinton in 1998 and against Donald Trump in 2019.
Woods was a member of the National Council of the Institute of Governmental Studies at UC Berkeley and was president of the Alameda County Bar Association, representing Alameda County in the ABA House of Delegates from 1982 to 1990. A fellow of the American Bar Association from 1983, Woods served on the board of directors until his death and in later life wrote for the ABA's monthly newsletter. He died in Piedmont, California on July 15, 2013, aged 88.
References
External links
(video, via YouTube)
People from Decatur, Alabama
1925 births
2013 deaths
Lawyers from Oakland, California
20th-century American lawyers
United States Navy personnel of World War II
United States Navy officers
Military personnel from California
The 1981 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 31st season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Al-Ramtha won its first title.
Teams
Map
Overview
Al-Ramtha won his first title championship.
League final standings
Promoted: Al-Qadisiya and Al-Baqa'a
Matches
Notes:
Results in top right half apparently from first half season
Results in bottom left half from second half season
Top scorers
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Jeffery Dale is a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played three seasons for the San Diego Chargers.
Dale was born October 6, 1962 in Pineville, Louisiana, and grew up in Winnfield. He was an All-American running back and safety for four years at Winnfield High School in Winnfield, Louisiana. He was then recruited as a safety and started at Louisiana State University. At and , Dale was believed to be the largest free safety in the NFL during his time with the Chargers.
From 2001 - 2010, Dale was a director for Aramark, including at St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee.
Dale received his Master's in Healthcare Administration from the University of Washington in 2011. He is currently a director at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle, WA.
References
1962 births
Living people
People from Pineville, Louisiana
Players of American football from Louisiana
American football safeties
LSU Tigers football players
San Diego Chargers players
Al Hawkes (December 25, 1930 – December 28, 2018) was an American musician, founder of Event Records, and pioneer of the American bluegrass movement. He received state and national accolades, including being recognized as a member of the first generation of bluegrass musicians by the Bluegrass Music Hall of Fame and Museum in Kentucky.
Biography
Hawkes was born in Providence, Rhode Island but moved back to his family's homestead in Westbrook, Maine when he was 10, in 1941.
His father helped him get hooked on southern hillbilly music by installing a radio with a long antenna that could pick up music from stations like WWVA, WCKY, WJJD, and, WBT.
When he was thirteen, Hawkes's mother bought him a guitar and chord book, and his father soon gave him a Gibson A4 mandolin. Hawkes formed his first band (Al Hawkes Hillbillies) as a high school sophomore. They played at local school functions and grange halls.
In the late 1940s Hawkes built a pirate radio station broadcasting at 1210KC on the AM dial, which he shut down in 1949 after the FCC learned of his illegal operation. He was soon was broadcasting five days a week from WLAM radio in Lewiston, Maine.
In the 1940s Hawkes performed as one half of the duo Allerton & Alton, the first interracial duo to play bluegrass. They performed live and on radio shows until 1951, despite the heavily segregated climate of the time.
In 1951, during the Korean War, Hawkes entered the Maine National Guard and was stationed in North Africa, where he was a disc jockey for Armed Forces Radio and performed for the troops. Here he had the opportunity to learn how to use up-to-date recording equipment. When he returned from North Africa, he went to Boston to the Massachusetts Radio and Broadcast School for two years, obtained his First Class Broadcast License, and graduated as an honor student.
In 1956 Hawkes formed Event Records, an independent label out of Westbrook, Maine with Richard Greeley. Together they recorded many high-profile artists including Dick Curless, Hal Lone Pine, Charlie Bailey, Lenny Breau, and Curtis Johnson. Event Records operated until 1962 when the warehouse of its Boston distributor was destroyed by a fire and thousands of records were lost, putting the company out of business.
In 2010 Andrew Jawitz made a 47-minute documentary, The Eventful Life of Al Hawkes, which was broadcast on the Maine Public Broadcasting Network and shown locally.
In 2013 Todd Hutchisen of Acadia Recording Company (a small recording studio in Portland, Maine) purchased all of the original recording equipment from Event Records and relocated and repaired the 1/4” mono tape decks, Altec stereo mixing board, Ampex 350s, real tape delay, spring reverb, and original RCA, Shure and EV microphones for use at Acadia. That equipment has been used to record several split 45 vinyl records with groups looking to recreate the iconic rockabilly sound.
After Event Records, Hawkes opened a TV repair shop at the same site as his recording studio. Its sign is now eligible for the National Register of Historic Places.
After his 80th birthday, then-Senator Olympia Snowe delivered a tribute to him in the Congressional Record, calling Hawkes "a Maine and national treasure."
Hawkes died on December 28, 2018 at the age of 88.
Awards
1980- Maine Country Music Hall of Fame
1983- Bluegrass Artist of the Year MCMA
1984- Folk Artist of the Year MCMA
1990- North New Vineyard Mountain Bluegrass Festival- 1st place mandolin
1991- The Lenny Breau Memorial Award
1995- Dick Curless Memorial Award
1996- 16th Annual Country Music Pioneer Award (DECMA)
2001- Bluegrass Music Association of Maine's Pioneer Award
CMAA Instrumentalist of the Year
2007- America's Old-Time Country Music Hall of Fame
2008- Lifetime Achievement Award (DECMA)
2008- Music Industry Heritage Award (Boston Bluegrass Union)
Discography
Event Records catalogue
References
1930 births
2018 deaths
Bluegrass guitarists
People from Westbrook, Maine
American country guitarists
Musicians from Maine
Musicians from Providence, Rhode Island
20th-century American guitarists
Adenomyoma is a tumor (-oma) including components derived from glands (adeno-) and muscle (-my-). It is a type of complex and mixed tumor.
Uterine adenomyoma
In obstetrics and gynecology contexts, it is a form of adenomyosis that forms a mass or growth around the tissue of the inner uterus.
Most cases of adenomyosis are non-symptomatic. However, it may present with dysmenorrhea and pelvic pain. In the case of juvenile cystic adenomyoma, laparoscopic enucleation results in a statistically and clinically significant reduction in dysmenorrhea, ease in any chronic pelvic pain, and low risk of recurrence.
See also
Atypical polypoid adenomyoma
Adenomyosis
References
External links
Gynaecological neoplasia
Cedar Creek Mine Ride is a mine train roller coaster at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio. Built by Arrow Development, the roller coaster opened in 1969 in the Frontiertown section of the park. It is the second oldest roller coaster in operation at Cedar Point behind Blue Streak.
History
Following the success of Matterhorn Bobsleds at Disneyland which opened in 1959, the tubular steel track design pioneered by Arrow Development was in high demand at other amusement parks around the world. Arrow developed a runaway mine train concept that would be used in many of its first roller coasters. Among them was the Cedar Creek Mine Ride at Cedar Point, which opened on May 24, 1969, as the centerpiece for the new Frontiertown section of the park. It is the second oldest roller coaster at Cedar Point and has given over 62 million rides since its debut.
In 2019, Cedar Creek Mine Ride celebrated its 50th anniversary. The attraction received some changes, including a new station soundtrack, special effects in the first tunnel, and mineshaft scenery in the queue.
Ride experience
Cedar Creek Mine Ride is a multi-lift hill roller coaster that features short dips and turns throughout a lightly wooded area and over a lagoon. The ride begins with the train entering a covered building resembling a mine shaft, where additional unused trains are stored, and then proceeds up the first lift hill. After reaching the top, the train dips slightly onto a straight section of track, followed by a short first drop that winds 270 degrees to the left during its gradual descent. As the train exits the turn, it ascends onto a straight section of track with a set of trim brakes that slow the train. This is followed by the ride's climax, its largest drop that send riders over a lagoon close to water level. The train then enters a series of turns to the left and a second lift hill. After another short dip at the top onto a straight section of track, the track turns left, then right twice, followed by a set of trim brakes that once again slow the train. It enters the finale, a double helix that takes riders low to the ground, ending with a short ascent onto the final brake run before returning to the station.
References
External links
Cedarpoint.com - Cedar Creek Mine Ride Official Page
Cedar Creek Mine Ride at The Point Online
Cedar Point
Roller coasters introduced in 1969
Roller coasters operated by Cedar Fair
Roller coasters in Ohio
Western (genre) amusement rides
Topics in Early Childhood Special Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editor is Erin E. Barton (Vanderbilt University). It has been in publication since 1981 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
Scope
Topics in Early Childhood Special Education focuses on information that aims to improve the lives of young children with special needs and their families. The journal contains reports of original research, literature reviews and conceptual statements. Topics in Early Childhood Special Education primarily aims to help professionals improve service delivery systems for preschool children with special needs.
Abstracting and indexing
Topics in Early Childhood Special Education is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases, SCOPUS and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.125, ranking it 25 out of 40 journals in the category ‘Education, Special'.
References
External links
Hammill Institute Official website
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Robert William Buss (4 August 1804 – 26 February 1875) was a Victorian artist, etcher and illustrator perhaps best known for his painting Dickens' Dream. He was the father of Frances Buss, a pioneer of girls' education.
Early career
Born in Bull and Mouth Street, Aldersgate in London in 1804, Buss served an apprenticeship with his father, a master engraver and enameller, and then studied painting under George Clint, a miniaturist, watercolour and portrait painter, and mezzotint engraver.
At the start of his career Buss specialised in painting theatrical portraits, with many of the leading actors of the day sitting to him, including William Charles Macready, John Pritt Harley, and John Baldwin Buckstone. Later Buss painted historical and humorous subjects. He exhibited a total of 112 pictures between 1826 and 1859, 25 at the Royal Academy, 20 at the British Institution, 45 at the Suffolk Street gallery of the Society of British Artists, seven at the New Watercolour Society, and 15 in other places.
The Pickwick Papers
Buss was commissioned by Dickens' publishers, Chapman and Hall, to provide two illustrations for The Pickwick Papers after the original illustrator, Robert Seymour, committed suicide. Buss immediately set aside his other work and prepared a dozen or so preliminary sketches for the novel, then in its second of twenty instalments. Five of these sketches are in the Pierpont Morgan Library in New York. His drawings were regarded as adequate, but the process of etching on a steel plate was unfamiliar to him so he hired an expert etcher.
Buss realised that the "free touch of an original work was entirely wanting", and that the printed images lifted from his plates seemed lifeless and uninspired. But, he concluded, "Time was up", and the unsatisfactory illustrations for part 3 had to be issued. The publishers summarily dismissed him, which worried Buss throughout the rest of his life. The commission went instead to Hablot Knight Browne, but Buss never held his dismissal against Dickens. Instead, Buss remained his lifelong admirer and went on to produce several paintings celebrating the author's work, including the unfinished Dickens' Dream.
Later life
In 1837 publishers Saunders and Otley hired Buss to illustrate a new edition of Frederick Marryat's Peter Simple and Henry Colburn hired him to illustrate Frances Trollope's The Widow Married in 1840. These the artist managed to etch satisfactorily, and afterwards he successfully gained several commissions for illustrating fiction. For some years Buss worked for Charles Knight, designing wood-engravings for his editions of London (1841–44), William Shakespeare (1842–43), and Old England (1845–46).
Buss married Frances Fleetwood on 21 March 1826, and the couple settled in Camden Town, London, where they had ten children, six of whom survived infancy. Their only daughter, Frances Mary Buss, became a distinguished pioneer of women's education, and was assisted for many years by her father and her clergyman brothers Alfred and Septimus Buss.
In 1845, worried by 'money anxieties', Buss's wife started a school for young boys and girls at 14 Clarence Road, Kentish Town, London. In the same premises his daughter Frances began a morning school offering young ladies a liberal education. In 1850 the two schools moved into larger quarters in Holmes Terrace, and Buss assisted by teaching drawing and later science, literature, and elocution. In 1850 Buss's wife retired from the school.
Buss also researched earlier British printmakers, and lectured on the topic in his daughter's schools and, from 1853, he delivered a series of four talks, accompanied by 300 examples reproduced on sixty scrolling cartoons, at literary and scientific institutions in London and the provinces. These talks he published privately in 1874 as English Graphic Satire, a book for which he supplied in various mediums examples of his predecessors' work. Buss also gave lectures on fresco painting and on the picturesque and the beautiful, though these were never published, and from 1850 to 1852 he edited The Fine Art Almanack.
On hearing of Dickens' death in June 1870, Buss was moved to attempt a large watercolour, 'Dickens's Dream', which now hangs in the Charles Dickens Museum in London. The painting portrays the dozing author seated in his Gad's Hill Place study surrounded by many of the characters he had created. The desk, chair and background of the painting were closely based on The Empty Chair, an engraving made at Gads Hill Place in 1870, shortly after Dickens's death, by Samuel Luke Fildes. The painting was Buss's last attempt to illustrate Dickens's characters, and he modestly reproduced the images of the artists who had succeeded him. However, before he could finish it Buss died at his home at 14 Camden Street, London on 26 February 1875.
He is buried with his wife on the western side of Highgate Cemetery (plot no.10939).
References
External links
Buss' biography on The Art of Robert William Buss
Buss on Artnet.com
Buss and Dickens' Dream
Buss on the Royal Academy Collections website
Buss on the Smithsonian American Art Museum website
1804 births
1875 deaths
19th-century English painters
English male painters
English illustrators
English etchers
Charles Dickens
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
Area code 626 is a telephone area code that was split from area code 818 in the U.S. state of California, on June 14, 1997. It covers most of the San Gabriel Valley and nearby areas in the northeastern portion of Los Angeles County, California, U.S., including Arcadia, Monrovia, El Monte, most of Pasadena and West Covina.
Prior to October 2021, area code 626 had telephone numbers assigned for the central office code 988. In 2020, 988 was designated nationwide as a dialing code for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, which created a conflict for exchanges that permit seven-digit dialing. This area code was therefore scheduled to transition to ten-digit dialing by October 24, 2021.
Cities and communities in the 626 area code
Alhambra (small portion in the 213/323 area code)
Altadena
Arcadia
Avocado Heights
Azusa
Baldwin Park
Bassett
Bradbury
Charter Oak
Citrus
Covina
Duarte
East Pasadena
East San Gabriel
El Monte
Glendora (small portion in the 909 area code)
Hacienda Heights (small portion in the 562 area code)
Industry (small portions in the 562 and 909 area codes)
Irwindale
La Puente
Mayflower Village
Monrovia
Monterey Park (also in the 213/323 area code)
North El Monte
Pasadena (small portion in the 213/323 area code)
Rosemead (small portion in the 213/323 area code)
Rowland Heights (also in the 909 area code and small portion in the 562 area code)
San Gabriel
San Marino
Sierra Madre
South El Monte
South Pasadena (also in the 213/323 area code)
South San Gabriel
South San Jose Hills
Temple City
Valinda
Vincent
Walnut (mostly in the 909 area code)
West Covina (small portion in the 909 area code)
West Puente Valley
See also
List of California area codes
List of NANP area codes
North American Numbering Plan
References
External links
626
Los Angeles County, California
San Gabriel Valley
Telecommunications-related introductions in 1997
626
Allentown, is a populated place located in Apache County, Arizona, United States. It has an estimated elevation of above sea level.
Allentown got its start when the railroad was extended to that point. The community was named after Allan Johnson, a cattleman. A post office called was established in 1924, and remained in operation until 1930.
The site of Allentown is included within the boundaries of the census-designated place of Houck
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Apache County, Arizona
Unincorporated communities in Arizona
Thermoniphas albocaerulea is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Uganda.
References
Endemic fauna of Uganda
Butterflies described in 1956
Thermoniphas
Fort Sheridan is a residential neighborhood within the cities of Lake Forest, Highwood, and Highland Park in Lake County, Illinois, United States. It was originally established as Fort Sheridan, an Army post named after Civil War cavalry general Philip Sheridan, to honor his services to Chicago.
Early history
A French trading post was established circa 1670 on a trail between Green Bay, Wisconsin, and the early Chicago area. The trail and trading post was used by Native Americans and settlers alike. The settlers were mostly Irish, German, and Scandinavian immigrants. The area was never considered suitable for farming due to the many ravines and heavy forestation.
In the 1840s a small community, St. Johns, was established. It was settled on a bluff over looking Lake Michigan. The villagers were active in logging, leather tanning, brick making, and iron casting. The area eventually became ravaged by rampant deforestation associated with the production of 400,000 bricks annually. The village grew idle and became mostly deserted by 1865.
Fort Sheridan closing
The main fort was ordered closed as a result of the first round of closures initiated by the Base Realignment and Closure Commission in 1988, and was officially closed by the Department of Defense on May 3, 1993. The majority of the property was relinquished to the Fort Sheridan Joint Planning Committee as the redevelopment authority, which then sold large segments of the land and housing to commercial land developers. Most of the original housing structures were then refurbished and resold as a residential community. Other buildings were given to cultural organizations like the Midwest Young Artists Conservatory, the largest youth music program in the Midwest. Approximately of the southern end of the original post were retained by the Army; there the Army now operates the Sheridan Reserve Center complex. This includes the Great Lakes Training Division, 84th Training Command (an Army Reserve Brigadier General command), as well as numerous Colonel and Lieutenant Colonel commands. Newly refurbished housing is part of the military enclave and is used for active duty and active guard/reserve personnel and families stationed at Fort Sheridan and Great Lakes Navy Training Center.
The Fort Sheridan cemetery, established in 1889, is still an ongoing military burial site owned by the federal government. Retired armed forces members may be buried there.
Historic district
In 1984 parts of Fort Sheridan were designated a National Historic Landmark District by the National Park Service. The National Park Service states that the site "possesses national significance in commemorating the history of the United States of America." The historic district includes of land and buildings bounded by Hutchinson and Bartlett Ravines and the shore of Lake Michigan. There are 94 buildings in the district. The buildings include officers' quarters, barracks, stables, a drill hall, water tower, and many other institutional buildings. The parade ground was preserved as open space.
Forest preserve
A forest preserve, operated by Lake County Forest Preserves, now sits on of the former fort. The preserve had been working since the 1980s on acquiring land from the U.S. Army. In 1997, the Army began conveyance of the northern section of the former base. The third and final section was obtained in 2001.
The preserve has roughly of trail for hiking, of trail for cross-country skiing, and of trail for bicycling. The preserve includes roughly of shoreline. Throughout the preserve are educational exhibits and viewing stations along the trails.
References
Further reading
Dretske, Diana. Fort Sheridan. Charleston, SC : Arcadia Pub., 2004.
Haberkamp, Douglas B. The History of Fort Sheridan from Its Beginnings to World War I. 1982.
Fort Sheridan (Ill.). Fort Sheridan, 1887–1993. Fort Sheridan, Ill?: The Fort, 1993.
Fort Sheridan Association, and Fred Girton. The History and Achievements of the Fort Sheridan Officers' Training Camps. [Chicago?]: The Fort Sheridan Association, 1920.
Melichar, Paul, Diana Melichar, and Nina Bennett Smith. Fort Sheridan: Historical Analysis. Lake Forest, Ill: Paul Melichar, 2000.
Prall, J. S. Picturesque Fort Sheridan. [Chicago] 1890.
Schall, Robert. The History of Fort Sheridan, Illinois. [Illinois?]: Clerical School and the Visual Training Aids Section, 1672nd Service Unit, 1944.
Sorenson, Martha E., and Douglas A. Martz. View from the Tower: A History of Fort Sheridan, Illinois. [Fort Sheridan, Ill.]: W.W. Sorenson, 1985.
Tucker, Laura. Fort Sheridan. Charleston, SC : Arcadia Pub., 2008.
Geography of Lake County, Illinois
National Historic Landmarks in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
Neighborhoods in Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Illinois
Populated places established in 1887
Lake Forest, Illinois
Highland Park, Illinois
Highwood, Illinois
Projects by Holabird & Root
Tommy Harrison (born 22 January 1974) is a Scottish footballer, who played for Heart of Midlothian, Dunfermline Athletic, Clyde, York City, Carlisle United, Berwick Rangers, East Fife and Montrose.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Scottish footballers
Heart of Midlothian F.C. players
Dunfermline Athletic F.C. players
Clyde F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Carlisle United F.C. players
Berwick Rangers F.C. players
East Fife F.C. players
Montrose F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Footballers from Edinburgh
Scotland youth international footballers
T. K. Govindarao (Tripunithura Krishnarao Govindarao) was the first Malayali film musician and a Carnatic musician (21 April 1929 – 18 September 2011).
Earlier life
T. K. Govindarao was a proponent of melody. He was born as the son of Tripunithura Vadakkekkotta Chakkalamutt Pallisserrimadathil Krishnarao and Kamalammal. The first Malayalam film background song Subhaleela in the movie Nirmala was sung by him. The first Malayalam movie duet Paaduka poonkuyile too was sung by him along with P. Leela. He sang only in this movie where the lyrics were by G Sankara Kurup and the score was by P. S. Divakar. He took an initial training under Chembai Vaidhyanatha Bhagavathar and Later became the disciple of Musiri Subrahmanya Iyer and turned to Carnatic Classical Music.
He worked as chief producer at Akasavani Delhi and as producer at Akasavani Chennai. He was the president of Sri Tyagaraja Sangita Vidvat Samajam, Tyagarajapuram, Chennai. He published the works of Thyagarajar, Muthuswamy Dikshitar and Syama Sastri in English with their meaning. He published around 400 krithis of Swathi Thirunal. Very particular that Carnatic Music should be sung with the music of the lyrics understood, he formed a trust for the same named Ganamandhir.
He died at Chennai on 18 September 2011. T. K. Govindarao was awarded the prestigious Sangeetha Kalanidhi award of the Madras Music Academy in the year 1999.
Awards
Kendra sangeetha Natak Academy Award (1996)
Sangeethakalanidhi (1999 - Madras Music Academy)
Sangita Vidvan (1951 from Central College of Karnatak Music, Madras)
GanakalaTilaka (Bangalore)
Sangita Sastra Ratnakara (Bhuvanesvari Pitham)
Svara Samrat (BM Trust KL)
Asthana Vidvan from Kanchi Kamakoti Peetham
Saptagiri Sangita Vidvanmani
Sangita Samrat (Bharatiya VidyaBhavan CBE)
Gayaka Sikhamani
Sangita Chudamani (Sri KrishnaGana Sabha, Chennai)
Nadakkanal
Sangita Ratnakara(USA)
Sangita Acharya
Central Sangita Nataka Akademi Award
Sangita Purnasri
Hanumath GanaSiromani
Sangita Samrat (Mangalore Sabha)
Sri Vedavyasa Vidwanmani
Vivekananda National Award for Excellence
Kerala Sangita Nataka Akademi Award
Gandharva Vidyanidhi
Sangita Paramacharaya
Sangita Sevanirata
References
1929 births
Recipients of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
Malayalam playback singers
2011 deaths
Frederick William Wheeler (January 1888 – 2 January 1918) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside forward in the Southern Football League for Southampton.
Personal life
Wheeler worked as an insurance agent. He served as a sapper in the Royal Engineers during the First World War and was involved in the Italian campaign, being killed in the Montello sector on 2 January 1918. He is buried at Giavera British Cemetery, Arcade.
Career statistics
References
External links
Frederick Wheeler at 11v11
1888 births
1918 deaths
Date of birth missing
Military personnel from Reading, Berkshire
Sportspeople from Reading, Berkshire
Association football inside forwards
English footballers
Southern Football League players
Colne F.C. players
Southampton F.C. players
Eastleigh Athletic F.C. players
Woolston F.C. players
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Engineers soldiers
British military personnel killed in World War I
Footballers from Berkshire
Horatio William Walpole, 4th Earl of Orford (18 April 1813 – 7 December 1894), styled Lord Walpole between 1822 and 1858, was a British peer and Conservative politician.
Background
Orford was the son of Horatio Walpole, 3rd Earl of Orford, and Mary, daughter of William Augustus Fawkener.
Political career
In 1835, at the age of 21, Orford was returned to Parliament as one of two representatives for Norfolk East, a seat he held until 1837. In 1858 he succeeded his father in the earldom and took his seat in the House of Lords. He referred to famed advocate of women's rights Mary Wollstonecraft as "a hyena in petticoats".
Family
Lord Orford married Harriet Bettina Frances, daughter of Admiral the Hon. Sir Fleetwood Pellew, in 1841. He "treated her with grotesquely violent cruelty" and in 1846 she went to live in Florence. They had two daughters.
Lady Dorothy Elizabeth Mary Walpole (1842-1921), married Don Ernesto del Balzo, 7. Duca di Caprigliano, Duca del Balzo
Lady Maude Mary Walpole (b.9 Aug 1844), married Count Salvatore Grifeo and Grevana, Prince Palagonia
She died in November 1886. Lord Orford survived her by eight years and died in December 1894, aged 81. He was succeeded in the earldom by his nephew, Robert.
Lord Orford had an illegitimate child, Horatio Walpole, by the Lady Susan, wife of the 5th Duke of Newcastle and daughter of Alexander Douglas-Hamilton, 10th Duke of Hamilton.
References
External links
1813 births
1894 deaths
Earls in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs who inherited peerages
Horatio
Earls of Orford
Conservative Party (UK) hereditary peers
Pattishall, also known in antiquity as Pateshull, is a village and Parish in West Northamptonshire, England. The population of the civil parish (including Astcote, Dalscote and Eastcote) was 1,471 at the 2011 census. The village lies adjacent to the Roman road Watling Street (A5) and Banbury Lane, an ancient drove way, 4 miles north of Towcester and 7 miles south of Northampton.
The civil parish of Pattishall includes the villages of Pattishall, Eastcote, Astcote and Dalscote, part of Fosters Booth, and the hamlet of Cornhillin Eastcote).
Geography
Pattishall is a small village located approximately 4.2 miles from Towcester, 8.3 miles from Wootton and 2.8 miles from Bugbrooke. Pattishall is surrounded by hilly fields and contains both 20th century housing and an older part of the village which is down a hill. The postcodes for the Towcester area begin NN12. In Pattishall there is one school, a Church of England primary school.
History
The name is derived from the Patishall family, three of whom were eminent judges during the 13th century, including one, Simon of Pattishall, who drafted Magna Carta. Pattishall was host to a prisoner-of-war camp during World War I, which housed 4500 Germans.
Demography
The civil parish of Pattishall had a population of 1,501 people at the time of the 2001 census, including a Christian community of around 50 people, part of the evangelical Christian group, the Jesus Army.
Landmarks
Pattishall includes a church, park and a working farm.
Sport
Pattishall Cricket Club and ground is located south of the village off School Road. A club senior XI team play friendlies against clubs in and around the local region.
Cornhill Squash Club is based in Cornhill Manor, Pattishall, and enters annual Summer and Winter Leagues.
References
External links
Pattishall Parish website
UK Villages: Pattishall
Pattishall CE Primary School
Pattishall Holy Cross Church
Villages in Northamptonshire
West Northamptonshire District
Civil parishes in Northamptonshire
Máximo González and Fabrício Neis were the defending champions but only Neis chose to defend his title, partnering David Vega Hernández. Neis successfully defended his title.
Neis and Vega Hernández won the title after defeating Henri Laaksonen and Luca Margaroli 4–6, 6–4, [10–8] in the final.
Seeds
Draw
References
Main Draw
Marburg Open - Doubles
2018 Doubles
Batrachorhina wittei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1954. It is known from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1954
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
The Williamsport Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at 1300 Penn Street in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. It consists of a main armory building and separate auxiliary building. The main armory building has a two-story, brick administration section in the Art Deco style, with an attached drill hall, taking a "T"-shaped plan. The drill hall was built in 1937. The auxiliary building was built in 1927. It consists of a -story stable with an attached 1-story gun shed.
The complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
References
External links
Armories on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Art Deco architecture in Pennsylvania
Infrastructure completed in 1927
Buildings and structures in Williamsport, Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
is a private university in Chūō-ku, Kobe, Hyōgo, Japan. The campuses are located in central part of Kobe.
History
1999 - Founded as a women's college with a department (Department of Environment and Culture, Faculty of Humanities).
2002 - It became coeducational.
2006 - Department of Urban Exchanges was established.
2008 - Faculty of Humanities was changed its name to Faculty of Contemporary Social Studies.
2013 - Department of General Social Studies was established in succession to Department of Environment and Culture, and Department of Urban Exchanges.
2015 - Department of Tourism was established in succession to School of Tourism, Kobe Shukugawa Gakuin University.
Organization
Faculty (Undergraduate Programs)
Faculty of Contemporary Social Studies
Department of Tourism
Global Communication
Tourism and Culture
Tourism Business
Department of General Social Studies
Media Sociology
Psychology
Economics and Management Sciences
Environmental Studies
Interior Architecture
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1999
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
1999 establishments in Japan
Kyron Brown (born May 26, 1996) is an American football cornerback who is a free agent. He played college football at Akron, and signed with the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2019.
College career
Brown was a member of the Akron Zips for five seasons, redshirting his true freshman season. He recorded 121 tackles, six interceptions, 1 forced fumble and 25 passes defensed in 51 games played (26 starts).
Professional career
New York Jets
Brown signed with the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent on May 10, 2019. He was cut at the end of training camp during final roster cuts, but was re-signed by the Jets to their practice squad on September 1, 2019. Brown was promoted to the Jets' active roster on November 13, 2019. Brown made his NFL debut on November 17, 2019 against the Washington Redskins, playing ten snaps on special teams in a 34-17 victory. Brown made his first career start on December 8 against the Miami Dolphins, making five tackles before leaving the game due to a quad injury. He was placed on injured reserve on December 9, 2019. Brown was waived with a failed physical designation on May 5, 2020. He reverted to the reserve/physically unable to perform list the next day after clearing waivers. He was waived after the season on May 7, 2021.
Dallas Cowboys
On July 26, 2021, Brown signed a two-year deal with the Dallas Cowboys. He was waived on August 17. He was re-signed to the practice squad on September 1. He signed a reserve/future contract with the Cowboys on January 18, 2022. He was waived/injured on August 15, 2022 and placed on injured reserve. He was released on August 23.
References
External links
Akron Zips bio
1996 births
Living people
Akron Zips football players
American football cornerbacks
Dallas Cowboys players
New York Jets players
Players of American football from Florida
Sportspeople from Boynton Beach, Florida
The 19th Armored Battalion "M.O. Tumiati" () is an inactive armored battalion of the Italian Army based in Florence in Tuscany. Originally the battalion, like all Italian tank units, was part of the infantry, but since 1 June 1999 it is part of the cavalry. Operationally the battalion was last assigned to the Motorized Brigade "Friuli".
History
The battalion was formed during the 1975 army reform: on 23 September 1975 the XIX Armored Battalion of the Infantry Brigade "Friuli" was renamed 19th Armored Battalion "M.O. Tumiati". The 19th Tumiati was granted a new war flag on 12 November 1976 by decree 846 of the President of the Italian Republic Giovanni Leone. The battalion received the traditions of the XIX Tank Battalion "M", which had been formed by the 31st Tank Infantry Regiment on l February 1942. The battalion, equipped with M15/42 tanks and Semoventi 75/34 self-propelled guns was assigned to the 215th Coastal Division. Together with Royal Italian Navy units and the civilian population the battalion fought German forces, which tried to occupy Piombino on 10 September 1943, two days after the announcement of the Armistice of Cassibile. After the Battle of Piombino the battalion retreated to the countryside and destroyed its tanks, before its personnel dispersed.
After World War II the XIX battalion was reformed in Florence in 1959 as armored unit of the Infantry Brigade "Friuli".
Tank and armored battalions created during the 1975 army reform were all named for officers, soldiers and partisans, who were posthumously awarded Italy's highest military honor the Gold Medal of Military Valour for heroism during World War II. The 19th Tank Battalion's name commemorated 32nd Tank Infantry Regiment Second Lieutenant Francesco Tumiati, who had served in the Western Desert Campaign in 1941-1942 and joined a partisan unit after the German occupation of Italy in 1943. After 8 months as commander of a partisan detachment Tumiati was caught by German forces and executed on 17 May 1944. Equipped with M47 Patton tanks and M113 armored personnel carriers the battalion joined the Motorized Brigade "Friuli".
After the end of the Cold War the Italian Army began to draw down its forces and the 19th Armored Battalion was disbanded on 6 May 1991 in preparation for the merger of the Motorized Brigade "Friuli" and Mechanized Brigade "Trieste" on 1 June 1991.
See also
Motorized Brigade "Friuli"
References
Tank Battalions of Italy
Sipahiler is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 53 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Arthur Samuel Lall (1911 13 September 1998) was an Indian diplomat, writer, and anti-nuclear activist who served as a consul general of India and the 4th permanent representative of India to the United Nations from September 1954 to December 1958. He also represented the country at the Eighteen Nation Committee on Disarmament in 1962.
Best known for his role to involve the newly independent India in the International affairs, he also wrote several books on politics such as The UN and the Middle East crisis, 1967 and The Emergence of Modern India besides writing novels and poems.
Biography
Lal was born in Lahore, British India into a Christian family. After the Indian subcontinent partitioned into two sovereign states, his family moved from Lahore, Pakistan to India. His brother John S. Lall was appointed dewan of the Kingdom of Sikkim. Lal obtained his education from the University of the Punjab, Lahore and the University of Oxford.
Prior to his diplomatic career, he was a government official in New Delhi and the first trade commissioner of India in London. An opponent of the nuclear weapons and testing, he saw India's first nuclear test in May 1974.
He was actively involved in the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks between the United States and the Soviet Union during his diplomatic career. After retiring from the service, he moved to Manhattan where he taught international relations at the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University.
Writing career
As a writer, he wrote several books, including poetry and novels. In 1967 he wrote two books such as the Modern International Negotiations: Principles and Practices and How China Negotiates. He wrote his last book The Emergence of Modern India in 1981. Besides writing on politics and the international relations, he also wrote fiction. He wrote a novel in 1956 titled The House at Adampur and Seasons of Jupiter in 1958.
References
1911 births
1998 deaths
University of the Punjab alumni
Permanent Representatives of India to the United Nations
Columbia School of International and Public Affairs faculty
The Executive Mayor of Bulawayo is the executive of the government of Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. The Mayor is a member of the Bulawayo City Council, and is assisted by a deputy mayor. The Mayor uses the style "His Worship". The current mayor is Solomon Mguni since 2018.
History
Bulawayo's first mayor, Isidore Hirschler, took office on 25 November 1897. In 1981, following Zimbabwe's independence from the United Kingdom, Bulawayo's first black mayor, Naison Ndlovu, took office.
List of mayors
The following is a list of past mayors of Bulawayo.
References
Lists of political office-holders in Zimbabwe
Bulawayo
Wild Strawberries is a 1957 Swedish drama film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. The original Swedish title is Smultronstället, which literally means "the wild strawberry patch" but idiomatically signifies a hidden gem of a place, often with personal or sentimental value, and not widely known. The cast includes Victor Sjöström in his final screen performance as an old man recalling his past, as well as Bergman regulars Bibi Andersson, Ingrid Thulin, and Gunnar Björnstrand. Max von Sydow also appears in a small role.
Bergman wrote the screenplay while hospitalized. Exploring philosophical themes such as introspection and human existence, Wild Strawberries received positive domestic reception upon release, and won the Golden Bear for Best Film at the 8th Berlin International Film Festival. It is often considered to be one of Bergman's greatest and most moving films and one of the greatest films ever made.
Plot
Grouchy, stubborn, and egotistical Professor Isak Borg is a widowed 78-year-old physician who specialized in bacteriology. Before specializing, he served as a general practitioner in rural Sweden. He sets out on a long car ride from Stockholm to Lund to be awarded the degree of Doctor Jubilaris 50 years after he received his doctorate from Lund University. He is accompanied by his pregnant daughter-in-law Marianne who does not much like her father-in-law and is planning to separate from her husband, Evald, Isak's only son, who does not want her to have the baby, their first.
During the trip, Isak is forced by nightmares, daydreams, old age, and impending death to reevaluate his life. He meets a series of hitchhikers, each of whom sets off dreams or reveries into Borg's troubled past. The first group consists of two young men and their companion, a woman named Sara who is adored by both men. Sara is a double for the love of Isak's youth. He reminisces about his childhood at the seaside and his sweetheart Sara, with whom he remembered gathering strawberries, but who instead married his brother. The first group remains with him throughout his journey. Next Isak and Marianne pick up an embittered middle-aged couple, the Almans, whose vehicle has nearly collided with theirs. The pair exchanges such terrible vitriol and venom that Marianne stops the car and demands that they leave. The couple reminds Isak of his own unhappy marriage. In a dream sequence, Isak is asked by Sten Alman, now the examiner, to read "foreign" letters on the blackboard. He cannot. So, Alman reads it for him: "A doctor's first duty is to ask forgiveness," from which he concludes, "You are guilty of guilt."
He is confronted by his loneliness and aloofness, recognizing these traits in both his elderly mother (whom they stop to visit) and in his middle-aged physician son, and he gradually begins to accept himself, his past, his present, and his approaching death.
Borg finally arrives at his destination and is promoted to Doctor Jubilaris, but this proves to be an empty ritual. That night, he bids a loving goodbye to his young friends, to whom the once bitter old man whispers in response to a playful declaration of the young girl's love, "I'll remember." As he goes to his bed in his son's home, he is overcome by a sense of peace, and dreams of a family picnic by a lake. Closure and affirmation of life have finally come, and Borg's face radiates joy.
Cast
Victor Sjöström as Professor Isak Borg
Bibi Andersson as Sara (both: Isak's cousin/hitchhiker)
Ingrid Thulin as Marianne Borg
Gunnar Björnstrand as Evald Borg
Jullan Kindahl as Agda, Isak's housekeeper
Folke Sundquist as Anders, hitchhiker
Björn Bjelfvenstam as Viktor, hitchhiker
Naima Wifstrand as Isak's Mother
Gunnel Broström as Berit Alman, angry wife
Gunnar Sjöberg as Sten Alman, angry husband / The Examiner
Max von Sydow as Henrik Åkerman, gas station attendant
Ann-Marie Wiman as Eva Åkerman
Gertrud Fridh as Karin Borg, Isak's wife
Åke Fridell as Karin's lover
Sif Ruud as Aunt Olga
Yngve Nordwall as Uncle Aron
Per Sjöstrand as Sigfrid Borg
Gio Petré as Sigbritt Borg
Gunnel Lindblom as Charlotta Borg
Maud Hansson as Angelica Borg
Eva Norée as Anna Borg
Göran Lundquist as Benjamin Borg
Per Skogsberg as Hagbart Borg
Lena Bergman as Kristina Borg, twin
Monica Ehrling as Birgitta Borg, twin
Production
Origins
Bergman's idea for the film originated on a drive from Stockholm to Dalarna during which he stopped in Uppsala, his hometown. Driving by his grandmother's house, he suddenly imagined how it would be if he could open the door and inside find everything just as it was during his childhood. "So it struck me — what if you could make a film about this; that you just walk up in a realistic way and open a door, and then you walk into your childhood, and then you open another door and come back to reality, and then you make a turn around a street corner and arrive in some other period of your existence, and everything goes on, lives. That was actually the idea behind Wild Strawberries". Later, he would revise the story of the film's genesis. In Images: My Life in Film, he comments on his own earlier statement: "That's a lie. The truth is that I am forever living in my childhood."
Development
Bergman wrote the screenplay of Wild Strawberries in Stockholm's Karolinska Hospital (the workplace of Isak Borg) in the late spring of 1957; he'd recently been given permission to proceed by producer Carl Anders Dymling on the basis of a short synopsis. He was in the hospital for two months, being treated for recurrent gastric problems and general stress. Bergman's doctor at Karolinska was his good friend Sture Helander who invited him to attend his lectures on psychosomatics. Helander was married to Gunnel Lindblom who was to play Isak's sister Charlotta in the film. Bergman was at a high point of his professional career after a triumphant season at the Malmö City Theatre (where he had been artistic director since 1952), in addition to the success of both Smiles of a Summer Night (1955) and The Seventh Seal (1957). His private life, however, was in disarray. His third marriage was on the rocks; his affair with Bibi Andersson, which had begun in 1954, was coming to an end; and his relationship with his parents was, after an attempted reconciliation with his mother, at a desperately low ebb.
Casting and pre-production progressed rapidly. The completed screenplay is dated May 31. Shooting took place between July 2, 1957 and August 27, 1957. The scenes at the summer house were filmed in Saltsjöbaden, a fashionable resort in the Stockholm archipelago. Part of the nightmare sequence was shot with predawn summer light in Gamla stan, the old part of central Stockholm. Most of the movie was made at SF's studio and on its back lot at Råsunda in northern Stockholm.
Casting
The director's immediate choice for the leading role of the old professor was Victor Sjöström, Bergman's silent film idol and early counselor at Svensk Filmindustri, whom he had directed in To Joy eight years earlier. "Victor," Bergman remarked, "was feeling wretched and didn't want to [do it];... he must have been seventy eight. He was misanthropic and tired and felt old. I had to use all my powers of persuasion to get him to play the part."
In Bergman on Bergman, he has stated that he only thought of Sjöström when the screenplay was complete, and that he asked Dymling to contact the famous actor and film director. Yet in Images: My Life in Film, he claims, "It is probably worth noting that I never for a moment thought of Sjöström when I was writing the screenplay. The suggestion came from the film's producer, Carl Anders Dymling. As I recall, I thought long and hard before I agreed to let him have the part."
During the shooting, the health of the 78-year-old Sjöström gave cause for concern. Dymling had persuaded him to take on the role with the words: "All you have to do is lie under a tree, eat wild strawberries and think about your past, so it's nothing too arduous." This was inaccurate and the burden of the film was completely on Sjöström who is in all but one scene of the film. Initially, Sjöström had problems with his lines which made him frustrated and angry. He would go off into a corner and beat his head against the wall in frustration, even to the point of drawing blood and producing bruises. He sometimes quibbled over details in the script. To unburden his revered mentor, Bergman made a pact with Ingrid Thulin that if anything went wrong during a scene, she would take the blame on herself. Things improved when they changed filming times so that Sjöström could get home in time for his customary late afternoon whisky at 5:00. Sjöström got along particularly well with Bibi Andersson.
As usual, Bergman chose his collaborators from a team of actors and technicians with whom he had worked before in the cinema and the theater. As Sara, Bibi Andersson plays both Borg's childhood sweetheart who left him to marry his brother and a charming, energetic young woman who reminds him of that lost love. Andersson, then twenty one years old, was a member in Bergman's famed repertory company. He gave her a small part in his films Smiles of a Summer Night (1955) and as the jester's wife in The Seventh Seal (1957). She would continue to work for him in many more films, most notably in Persona (1966). Ingrid Thulin plays Marianne, the sad, gentle and warm daughter-in-law of Borg. She appeared in other Bergman films as the mistress in Winter Light (1963) and as one of three sisters in Cries and Whispers (1972). Bergman's first wife, Else Fisher, made a brief uncredited appearance as Borg's mother in the final flashback; their daughter, Lena, played one of Isak's twin sisters.
Reception
Wild Strawberries received strongly positive reviews in Sweden; its acting, script, and photography were common areas of praise. It was among the films that cemented Bergman's international reputation, but American critics were not unanimous in their praise. A number of reviewers found its story puzzling. In The New York Times, Bosley Crowther lauded the performances of Sjöström and Andersson but wrote, "This one is so thoroughly mystifying that we wonder whether Mr. Bergman himself knew what he was trying to say." The film ranked 7th on Cahiers du Cinéma's Top 10 Films of the Year List in 1959.
In a 1963 interview with Cinema magazine, director Stanley Kubrick listed the film as his second favourite of all time. It was also listed by Russian filmmaker Andrei Tarkovsky as one of his top ten favorite films. It is now considered one of Bergman's major works. Film critic Derek Malcolm ranked the film at No. 56 on his list of the "Top 100 Movies" in 2001. In 2007, the film was ranked at No. 34 by The Guardian's readers poll on the list of "40 greatest foreign films of all time". In 2009, the film was ranked at No. 59 on Japanese film magazine kinema Junpo's Top 100 Non-Japanese Films of All Time list.
In 1972, the work was ranked 10th, in 2002 it was ranked 27th and in 2012, It ranked 63rd on the Sight & Sound critics' poll of the greatest films ever made. That same year the film was voted at number 11 on the 25 best Swedish films of all time list by a poll of 50 film critics and academics conducted by film magazine FLM. Its screenplay was listed in Total Film as one of the 50 best ever written. The film was included in BBC's 2018 list of The 100 greatest foreign language films.
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, Wild Strawberries has an approval rating of 96% based on 45 reviews, with an average score of 8.90/10. The site's critical consensus reads: "Wild Strawberries were never so bittersweet as Ingmar Bergman's beautifully written and filmed look at one man's nostalgic journey into the past." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 88 out of 100 based on 17 critic's reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
Awards and honors
The film won the Golden Bear for Best Film and the FIPRESCI Prize at the 8th Berlin International Film Festival, "Best Film" and "Best Actor" at the Mar del Plata Film Festival and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Film in 1960. The Film was nominated for a BAFTA Award in Best Film From Any Source category in 1959. It was also nominated for an Academy Award for Original Screenplay, but the nomination was refused by Bergman. The film won the Pasinetti Award at 1958 Venice Film Festival. It won the Bodil Award for Best European Film in 1959 and the Nastro d'Argento for Best Non-Italian Film in 1960.
The film is included on the Vatican Best Films List, recommended for its portrayal of a man's "interior journey from pangs of regret and anxiety to a refreshing sense of peace and reconciliation".
Influence
Wild Strawberries influenced the Woody Allen films Stardust Memories (1980), Another Woman (1988), Crimes and Misdemeanors (1989), and Deconstructing Harry (1997). In Stardust Memories, the film's plot is similar in that the protagonist, filmmaker Sandy Bates (Woody Allen), is attending a viewing of his films, while reminiscing about and reflecting on his life and past relationships and trying to fix and stabilize his current ones, which are infused with flashbacks and dream sequences. In Another Woman, the film's main character, Marion Post (Gena Rowlands), is also accused by friends and relatives of being cold and unfeeling, which forces her to reexamine her life. Allen also borrows several tropes from Bergman's film, such as having Lynn (Frances Conroy), Post's sister-in-law, tell her that her brother Paul (Harris Yulin) hates her and having a former student tell Post that her class changed her life. Allen has Post confront the demons of her past via several dream sequences and flashbacks that reveal important information to a viewer, as in Wild Strawberries. In Crimes and Misdemeanors, Allen made reference to the scene in which Isak watches his family have dinner. In Deconstructing Harry, the plot (that of an academic on a long drive to receive an honorary award from his old university, as well as the people whom he picks up, while reflecting upon his life's experiences, with dream sequences) essentially mirrors that of Wild Strawberries.
Nayak, one of the greatest and most complex films of Satyajit Ray, has to some extent been inspired by Wild Strawberries.
References
External links
Wild Strawberries an essay by Peter Cowie at the Criterion Collection
1957 drama films
1957 films
Swedish black-and-white films
Existentialist films
Films about old age
Films directed by Ingmar Bergman
Films shot in Sweden
Films set in the 1890s
Films set in the 1950s
Films set in Sweden
Films with screenplays by Ingmar Bergman
Golden Bear winners
1950s drama road movies
Swedish drama films
1950s Swedish-language films
Philosophical fiction
Films scored by Erik Nordgren
Films about dreams
1950s Swedish films
Örebro County or Region Örebro held a regional council election on 9 September 2018, on the same day as the general and municipal elections.
Results
The number of seats remained at 71 with the Social Democrats winning the most at 25, a drop of four from in 2014. The party declined from 40.7% to 34.5% of the popular vote.
Municipalities
Images
References
Elections in Örebro County
Örebro
Apterouridae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have 30 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last).
Genera:
Apterourus Loomis, 1966
References
Chordeumatida
Millipede families
Eyring Research Institute (ERI) was founded as an American non-profit organization, on September 6, 1972, in Provo, Utah.
Carlyle Harmon established the Eyring Research Institute with Ronald G. Hansen as President. This institute did consult work in various areas of contract research in cooperation with Brigham Young University. Being asked by BYU to assist them with their patent policy Carlyle Harmon was in a position to make suggestions as to research projects being funded at BYU.
The Utah Supreme Court terminated ERI's tax exempt status in 1979 because the Court found that ERI was not devoted to a charitable purpose. In 1979 about 96% of the ERI's work was for the government including many top-secret projects and the remaining 4% was for private organizations. ERI was given to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints on July 31, 1979. Then, ERI was purchased back from the LDS Church beginning on August 1, 1979, creating it as a for-profit entity.
Carlyle Harmon stayed with ERI until 1988, later saying "I was squeezed out of my own Institute. I truly felt like a man without a country."
Cleo Harmon, Carlyle's wife, used to work as the Secretary to the President of ERI.
ERI accomplishments 1972–1988
ERI performed research and engineering for the following:
US Air Force – Intelligent Systems Software and Totally Integrated Simulation Computer
Networking systems – Novell and ARPANET networking protocols
3M Company – Process control manufacturing systems
United Airlines - access control, security and safety monitoring system
Chevron Research Park – security and safety monitoring system
General Electric – warehouse system
General Motors – "just-in-time" manufacturing and inventory control
Compression technology – sold by ERI
PDOS – sold by ERI
Library systems – Boulder, Pikes Peak, Marmot Project and Montgomery Library
Tar Sands Research - U.S. Office of Coal Research
Mushroom Processing Plant Study - Mountain Mushroom
Human language technology – Weidner Communications DARPA/SISTO software and protocol development, WordPerfect
Further reading
– Cleo Harmon's possibly self-published history
Engineering research institutes
Brigham Young University
Research institutes in Utah
Think tanks based in the United States
Think tanks established in 1972
1972 establishments in Utah
Keith Boykin (born August 28, 1965) is an American progressive broadcaster, journalist, author, and political commentator. He was editor of The Daily Voice, a CNBC contributor, a CNN political commentator, and a co-host of the BET TV talk show My Two Cents. He's also author of four books and co-founded the National Black Justice Coalition.
Biography
Boykin was raised in St. Louis, Missouri, and attended Countryside High School in Clearwater, Florida, before graduating from Dartmouth College.
After leaving Dartmouth in 1987, Boykin spent a year and a half working for Michael Dukakis' presidential campaign and then entered Harvard Law School, where he was a leader on the campus diversity movement and general editor of the Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Law Review. He received his J.D. from Harvard in 1992 and then joined the Bill Clinton 1992 presidential campaign in Little Rock, Arkansas. After Clinton's election, Boykin became a Special Assistant to the President and Director of Specialty Media. Once the highest-ranking openly gay person in the Clinton White House, Boykin helped organize and participated in the nation's first meeting between gay and lesbian leaders and a U.S. President.
Boykin left the White House to write his first book, One More River to Cross, published in 1996. He released his second book, Respecting the Soul, in 1999.
In 1997, Clinton appointed Boykin to the U.S. presidential trade delegation to Zimbabwe, along with Jesse Jackson, Coretta Scott King and Transportation Secretary Rodney E. Slater. From 1999 to 2001, Boykin taught political science at American University in Washington, D.C. Boykin became a political commentator for CNN on January 3, 2017.
Media appearances
Boykin appeared on the Showtime television series American Candidate and has appeared on VH1, BET, CNN, Fox News, NPR, and numerous other television and radio programs, including The Montel Williams Show, The Dennis Miller Show, The Tom Joyner Morning Show, Tony Brown's Journal and Anderson Cooper 360°. He has been featured on the cover of several publications including A&U, Out and The Advocate, and he was selected as one of Out's 100 Most Intriguing People of 2004. He has also been featured or quoted in articles in The New York Times, The Washington Post, USA Today, VIBE, and Jet.
He has written for The Village Voice, the San Francisco Chronicle, the St. Petersburg Times, The Advocate, Black Issues Book Review, and The Crisis. His syndicated column appeared in several newspapers across the country, including The New York Blade, the Washington Blade, Southern Voice, and Houston Voice.
Activity in the 2000s
Since 2008, Boykin has made regular appearances on CNN, MSNBC, CNBC, and BET. He appeared on CNBC for coverage and analysis of the 2008 presidential debates and vice presidential debate. He also covered the 2008 Democratic National Convention for BET from the floor of the Pepsi Center and Empower Field at Mile High in Denver.
In February 2006, Boykin became a co-host of the TV series My Two Cents on the BET J channel, a part of BET Networks. In January 2007, he began making regular appearances as a commentator on CNN and he also appeared on Judge Hatchett.
From December 2003 until April 2006, Boykin served as president of the board of the National Black Justice Coalition, a Washington-based civil rights organization dedicated to fighting racism and homophobia, which he co-founded.
Published works
"One More River to Cross: Black & Gay in America", Anchor Publisher, 1996,
"Respecting the Soul:Daily Reflections for Black Lesbians and Gays", Avon Books, April 1, 1999,
"Beyond the Down Low: Sex, Lies, and Denial in Black America", Carroll & Graf, December 13, 2004,
"For Colored Boys Who Have Considered Suicide When The Rainbow Is Still Not Enough", Magnus Books, August 28, 2012,
See also
Broadcast journalism
LGBT culture in New York City
List of LGBT people from New York City
New Yorkers in journalism
References
External links
List of notable Dartmouth alumni
Dartmouth College Alums for Social Change
1965 births
African-American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American University faculty and staff
Dartmouth College alumni
LGBT African Americans
American gay writers
Harvard Law School alumni
Lambda Literary Award winners
Stonewall Book Award winners
Living people
Participants in American reality television series
American LGBT novelists
American male novelists
American male essayists
American male short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
21st-century American essayists
21st-century American male writers
21st-century African-American writers
20th-century African-American people
African-American male writers
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Dorcadion cephalotes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Jakovlev in 1890.
See also
Dorcadion
References
cephalotes
Beetles described in 1890
Lesotho competed at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary from 18 June to 3 July.
Swimming
Lesotho swimmer has achieved qualifying standards in the following events.
References
Nations at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships
Lesotho at the World Aquatics Championships
World Aquatics Championships
A lichenicolous fungus is a parasitic fungus that only lives on lichen as the host. A lichenicolous fungus is not the same as the fungus that is the component of the lichen, which is known as a lichenized fungus. They are most commonly specific to a given fungus as the host, but they also include a wide range of pathogens, saprotrophs, and commensals. It is estimated there are 3000 species of lichenicolous fungi. More than 1800 species are already described among the Ascomycota and Basidiomycota. More than 95% of lichenicolous fungi described as of 2003 are ascomycetes, in 7 classes and 19 orders. Although basidiomycetes have less than 5% of lichenicolous lichen species, they represent 4 classes and 8 orders. Many lichenicolous species have yet to be assigned a phylogenetic position as of 2003.
References
Lichenology
Lichenicolous fungi
Apollo e Dafne (Apollo and Daphne, HWV 122) is a secular cantata composed by George Frideric Handel in 1709–10. Handel began composing the work in Venice in 1709 and completed it in Hanover after arriving in 1710 to take up his appointment as Kapellmeister to the Elector, the later King George I of Great Britain. The work is one of Handel's most ambitious cantatas and is indicative of the brilliant operatic career to follow in the next 30 years of his life.
The work's overture has not survived and therefore another of the composer's instrumental works is sometimes performed as an introduction. The cantata's instrumentation is bright, as Handel adds a flute, a pair of oboes and a bassoon to the usual strings.
The work takes just over 40 minutes to perform.
Synopsis
Apollo, having released Greece from tyranny by killing the menacing dragon Python, is in an arrogant mood. He boasts that even Cupid's archery is no match for his own bow and arrow. When he sees the lovely Daphne his conceit is shattered. He is instantly smitten and deploys all his charms to win her favour. Naturally distrustful, she rejects his advances and declares that she would rather die than lose her honour. Apollo becomes more forceful in insisting that she yield to his love and takes hold of her. When all seems lost, Daphne manages to escape from his grasp by transforming herself into a laurel tree. Overwhelmed by sorrow, Apollo pledges that his tears will water her green leaves and that her triumphant branches will be used to crown the greatest heroes.
Dramatis personae
Apollo (bass)
Daphne (soprano)
Summary
External links
Cantatas by George Frideric Handel
1710 compositions
Music based on Metamorphoses
The Auster J/1 Autocrat was a 1940s British single-engined three-seat high-wing touring monoplane built by Auster Aircraft Limited at Rearsby, Leicestershire.
History
As the end of the Second World War approached, the designers at Taylorcraft decided to develop a tourer version of the robust and reliable Taylorcraft Auster Model J AOP.V observation aircraft series. An Auster 5, registered G-AGOH, was modified to take a 100 hp (75 kW) Blackburn Cirrus II engine for trials. At the same time a prototype aircraft was built designated the Taylorcraft Auster V Series J/1 Autocrat. The long name was not used as the company changed name to Auster Aircraft Limited and the aircraft became known as the Auster J/1 Autocrat.
The designation J/1 derived from the progenitor Model J, which was the Auster AOP.V.
Production and operation
The first production aircraft, registered G-AGTO, was delivered in December 1945. One of the more spectacular feats of the type was the first visit of a civilian aircraft to an aircraft carrier, in the English Channel in October 1946. The last Rearsby built J/1s were delivered in 1952.
The Autocrat became one of the most successful post-war British light aircraft with more than 400 built. A small number of variants were built and the aircraft became the basis for a family of light aircraft. The Autocrat was used by individual pilots, aero clubs and by small charter firms for passenger flights, banner towing and photography.
Many J/1s were converted to J/1N Alpha standard with a higher fin and fitted with a 130 h.p. Gipsy Major engine, as used in the J/1B Aiglet. 45 new build J/1N Alphas were completed in 1956–57, mainly for export to Australia.
A single Autocrat G-AGVI was converted by V.H. Bellamy in 1965 to be powered by a Rover TP gas turbine engine. It reverted to normal power in 1968.
Starting in 1946, newly built examples of the Autocrat and Alpha were exported direct from the production line at Rearsby to many countries worldwide including Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Ceylon, Denmark, Egypt, France, Iraq, Jordan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Pakistan, South Africa, Southern Rhodesia, Sweden, Switzerland, Trinidad and Tobago, Uganda and Uruguay. Other UK-registered aircraft were later sold overseas on the secondhand market.
Numbers of Autocrats and Alphas continue to fly into the 2010s with private owners in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and elsewhere.
Variants
Auster J/1 Autocratproduction version with Blackburn Cirrus Major engine. Several later fitted with engines up to the 150 h.p. Lycoming O-320-A1A.
Auster J/1A Autocratadditional (fourth-seat) for joyriding.
Auster J/1N Alphapowered by a de Havilland Gipsy Major I engine and with enlarged tail surfaces. Four seater.
Auster J/1S Autocratpowered by a 145 h.p. de Havilland Gipsy Major 10 Mk 2-2 engine.
Kingsford Smith Kingsmith
An Auster J/1 conversion in Australia by Kingsford Smith Aviation Services, fitted with a 150hp (112kW) Avco Lycoming O-320 engine and other improvement (including better seating and sound-proofing).
Operators
Civil operators
Imperial Iranian Aero Club
Sherut Avir
Israeli Air Force
Kuwait Air Force
Royal Jordanian Air Force
Rhodesian Air Force – one aircraft only
Southern Rhodesian Air Force – one aircraft only
Royal Pakistan Airforce
Specifications (Auster J/1 Autocrat)
See also
In popular culture
An Auster Autocrat (registration G-AIGD) was featured in Episode 42 of the BBC series Father Brown which first aired in January 2016.
An Auster J/1N featured in Foyle's War Series 8 Episode 3, Elise, airdate January 2015.
References
Further reading
External links
High-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
1940s British civil utility aircraft
Auster aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1945
The was a Japanese samurai clan who ruled the northwestern half of what is now Aomori Prefecture in the Tōhoku region of Japan under the Edo period Tokugawa shogunate. The Tsugaru were daimyō of Hirosaki Domain and its semi-subsidiary, Kuroishi Domain. The Tsugaru were in constant conflict with their former overlords, the Nanbu clan of adjoining Morioka Domain. During the Boshin War of 1868-69, the Tsugaru clan fought mostly on the pro-imperial side, although it did briefly join the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei. In the Meiji period, the former daimyō became part of the kazoku peerage, with Tsugaru Tsuguakira receiving the title of hakushaku (Count). The main Tsugaru line is now extinct.
Origins
Much about the ancestry of the Tsugaru clan is uncertain. Ōura Tamenobu was born in 1550, as the adopted son and heir of Ōura Tamenori, a retainer of the Nanbu clan, based at Sannohe Castle. He succeeded his father in 1567 or 1568 as castellan of Ōura Castle, located in what is now part of the city of Hirosaki. According to later Tsugaru clan records, the clan was descendant from the noble Fujiwara clan and had an ancient claim to ownership of the Tsugaru region of northwestern Honshu; however, according to the records of their rivals, the Nanbu clan, Tamenobu was born as either Nanbu Tamenobu or Kuji Tamenobu, from a minor branch house of the Nanbu clan and was driven from the clan due to discord with his elder brother.
The Ōura served as hereditary under the Nanbu clan's local magistrate Ishikawa Takanobu; however, in 1571 Tamenobu attacked and killed Ishikawa and began taking the Nanbu clan's castles in the Tsugaru region one after another. He captured castles at Ishikawa, Daikoji and Aburakawa, and soon gathered support of many former Nanbu retainers in the region. Tamenobu later attacked Kitabatake Akimura (another local power figure) and took his castle at Namioka.
In 1582, with the death of Nanbu Harumasa, the Nanbu clan collapsed into numerous competing factions. The 25th hereditary clan chieftain, Nanbu Harutsugu, was a boy of 13 and soon died under uncertain circumstances, and the Kunohe branch of the Nanbu clan under the warlord Kunohe Masazane began to expand its influence over the Sannohe main branch. This provided an opportunity for Ōura Tamenobu to declare that the western Nanbu territories under his control would henceforth be independent of Nanbu rule. Proclaimed a traitor by the Nanbu clan, rivals Nanbu Nobunao and Kunohe Masazane both called for Tamenobu's death. Tamenobu, realizing that he would need to solicit outside help, approached the Mogami clan for an introduction to the regime of Toyotomi Hideyoshi. Tamenobu initially departed by boat from Ajigasawa, but inclement winds blew the boat north as far as Matsumae. He made attempts to reach Hideyoshi overland in 1586, 1587 and 1588, but was blocked each time by hostile forces in the territories to the south of Tsugaru.
In 1590, Tamenobu pledged fealty to Toyotomi Hideyoshi; Hideyoshi confirmed Tamenobu in his holdings. As the Ōura fief had been in the Tsugaru region on the northern tip of Honshū, the family then changed its name to Tsugaru.
The Tsugaru clan in the Edo era
The Tsugaru clan sided with Tokugawa Ieyasu during the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600, although Tsugaru Tamenobu's eldest son, Nobutake, was serving Toyotomi Hideyori as a page in Osaka Castle.
After the Tokugawa victory at Sekigahara, the Tsugaru clan remained somewhat “suspect” in the eyes of the fledgling Tokugawa shogunate as Tsugaru Tamenobu granted refuge to Ishida Mitsunari's son and arranged for Ishida Mitsunari's daughter to marry his third son and heir, Tsugaru Nobuhira. As a result, the clan was confirmed in its original territory with only a nominal increase in kokudaka to 47,000 koku. Tsugaru Tamenobu further fueled concerns by reconstructing Hirosaki Castle on a massive scale disproportionate to the size of his territories.
The early years of the Edo era were marked by a series of major O-Ie Sōdō disturbances over the succession to the clan chieftainship. Tsugaru Nobuhira's accession was disputed by supporters of the son of Tsugaru Nobutake in the of 1607. Further troubles arose in the of 1612, the of 1634, and the of 1647.
Tsugaru Nobuhira was forced to reduce his wife to concubine status and marry a niece of Tokugawa Ieyasu to strength his political ties to the shogunate. However, he named the son by his first wife, Tsugaru Nobuyoshi as heir. His son by the niece of Tokugawa Ieyasu was made head of a subsidiary hatamoto household based in Kuroishi.
Nobuyoshi was forced to retire in 1655 for alleged misgovernment, and was replaced by his son, Tsugaru Nobumasa, who was a reformer who developed the resources of the domain. Nobumasa's son Tsugaru Nobuhisa developed the arts and cultural level of the domain, but was beset by numerous natural disasters, including bad weather and repeated eruptions of Mount Iwaki. He continued to rule from behind-the scenes during the tenure of his grandson, Tsugaru Nobuaki and great-grandson Tsugaru Nobuyasu as the domain fell further and further into debt. Nobuyasu's son, Tsugaru Nobuakira attempted reforms, but was vexed by corrupt officials and died under suspicious circumstances in 1791 without heir.
Tsugaru Yasuchika, son of the 5th Lord of Kuroishi, was appointed daimyō of Hirosaki to succeed Nobuakira. Under his tenure, the official kokudaka of the domain was raised from 47,000 to 70,000 and then to 100,000 koku to cover the expenses of dispatching military forces to Ezo to protect Japan's northern borders. Also under Yasuchika's tenure, Kuroishi was raised in status to become Kuroishi Domain, In 1821, during his sankin kōtai journey to Edo, he survived an assassination attempt by Sōma Daisaku, a former retainer of the Nanbu clan. Although Yasuchika was a noted reformer who attempted to strength the domain, he spent a tremendous amount of money attempting to arrange prestigious marriages for his incompetent son, Tsugaru Nobuyuki, which again plunged the domain into financial crisis. Nobuyuki was eventually forced out of office in 1839 and a complete outsider, the 7th son of rōjū Matsudaira Nobuakira, lord of Yoshida Domain in Mikawa Province was adopted into the Tsugaru clan as Tsugaru Yukitsugu. Yukitsugu managed to restore order and prosperity to the domain and modernized its military forces through increased implementation of rangaku studies.
The Tsugaru clan in the Boshin War
During the Boshin War of 1868-69, the Tsugaru clan under its final daimyō, Tsugaru Tsuguakira, first sided with the imperial government, and attacked the forces of the nearby Shōnai Domain. However, it soon switched course, and was briefly a signatory to the pact that created the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei, before backing out, once again in favor of the imperial government. It did not take part in any of the major military action against the imperial army. The Kuroishi branch joined the Hirosaki-Tsugaru in siding with the imperial government. As a result, the clan was able to evade the punishment meted out by the government on the northern domains. After northern Honshū was pacified, Tsugaru forces joined the imperial army in attacking the Republic of Ezo at Hakodate. In return for its assistance, the Meiji government granted the Tsugaru family of Hirosaki a 10,000 koku increase. Both branches of Tsugaru daimyo were made of their domains in 1869. Two years later, as with all other daimyo, both Tsugaru lines were relieved of their offices by the abolition of the han system.
Meiji and beyond
In the Meiji era, Tsugaru Tsuguakira, was ennobled with the title of count (hakushaku) under the kazoku peerage system. Tsugaru Tsugumichi, the last daimyō of the Kuroishi-Tsugaru, became a viscount (shishaku). He later worked as a director of the , and Tsugumichi became a member of the House of Peers in 1890.
Tsugaru Tsuguakira had no son, and adopted the younger son of the court noble Konoe Tadafusa, who took the name of to be his heir. Hidemaru was educated in Germany, graduating from the University of Bonn, Humboldt University of Berlin and University of Geneva and after his return to Japan served in under the Japanese Resident-General of Korea from 1907-1914, and in the Ministry of the Imperial Household from 1914-1918. In 1918, he was appointed to the House of Peers.
Hidemaru was succeeded by , who was born as the second son of a branch of the Owari Tokugawa clan. As his mother was the daughter of Tsugaru Tsuguakira, he was adopted by Hidemaru as heir, becoming Count and chieftain of the clan in 1919. A noted equestrian, he was involved with the creation of the Japan Racing Association.
Yoshitaka's fourth daughter, Hanako, married Prince Hitachi, the younger son of Emperor Showa.
The main Tsugaru clan temple in Hirosaki is Chōshō-ji.
Family heads
Main line (Hirosaki)
(as Ōura clan)
Ōura Norinobu
Ōura Motonobu
Ōura Mitsunobu (1460–1526)
Ōura Morinobu (1483–1538)
Ōura Masanobu (1497–1541)
Ōura Tamenori (1520–1567)
(as Tsugaru clan)
Tsugaru Tamenobu (1550–1608)
Tsugaru Nobuhira (1586–1631)
Tsugaru Nobuyoshi (1619–1655)
Tsugaru Nobumasa (1646–1710)
Tsugaru Nobuhisa (1669–1746)
Tsugaru Nobuaki (1719–1744)
(Tsugaru continued)
Tsugaru Nobuyasu (1739–1784)
Tsugaru Nobuakira (1762–1791)
Tsugaru Yasuchika (1765–1833)
Tsugaru Nobuyuki (1800–1862)
Tsugaru Yukitsugu (1800–1865)
Tsugaru Tsuguakira (1840–1916)
Tsugaru Hidemaro (1872–1919)
Tsugaru Yoshitaka (1907-1994)
Branch line (Kuroishi)
As hatamoto
Tsugaru Nobufusa (1620–1662)
Tsugaru Nobutoshi (1646–1683)
Tsugaru Masatake (1667–1743)
Tsugaru Hisayo (1699–1758)
Tsugaru Akitaka (1724–1778)
Tsugaru Yasuchika (1765–1833)
Tsugaru Tsunetoshi (1787–1805)
As tozama daimyō
Tsugaru Chikatari (1788–1849, promoted to daimyō)
Tsugaru Yukinori (1800–1865)
Tsugaru Tsuguyasu (1821–1851)
Tsugaru Tsugumichi (1840–1903)
Notable retainers
Hirosaki
Tsugaru Takehiro
Numata Sukemitsu (d. )
Morioka Nobumoto (1546–1600)
Kanehira Tsunanori
Ogasawara Nobukiyo
Hattori Yasunari
Sugiyama Gengo ( – ; 2nd son of Ishida Mitsunari)
Daidōji Naohide (1552–1642)
Daidōji Naohide (2nd) (d. 1636)
Shibue Chūsai (1805–1858)
See also
Hirosaki Domain
Kuroishi Domain
Nanbu clan
Fujishiro Gozen
Notes
References
Dodd, Jan (2001). The rough guide to Japan. n.p.: Rough Guides.
Kojima, Keizō (2002). Boshin sensō kara Seinan sensō e. Tokyo: Chūōkōron-shinsha.
Koyasu Nobushige (1880). Buke kazoku meiyoden 武家家族名誉伝 Volume 1. Tokyo: Koyasu Nobushige. (Accessed from National Diet Library, 17 July 2008)
Kunai-chō website on Prince and Princess Hitachi (accessed 15 July 2008).
McClellan, Edwin and Mori Ōgai. (1985). Woman in the Crested Kimono : The Life of Shibue Io and Her Family Drawn from Mori Ogai's 'Shibue Chusai. New Haven: Yale University Press.
"Nobility, Peerage and Ranks in Ancient and Meiji-Japan" (accessed 15 July 2008)
Noguchi, Shin'ichi (2005). Aizu-han. Tokyo: Gendai shokan.
Onodera, Eikō (2005). Boshin nanboku sensō to Tōhoku seiken. Sendai: Kita no mori.
Peerage of Japan. Tokyo: Japan Gazette, 1912.
Ravina, Mark (1999). Land and Lordship in Early Modern Japan. California: Stanford University Press.
"Tokugawa Bakufu to Tozama 117 han". Rekishi Dokuhon Magazine, April 1976.
Tsugaru-han on Edo 300 HTML (accessed 15 July 2008).
Tsugaru-shi on Harimaya.com (accessed 15 July 2008).
Further reading
Dazai, Osamu (1985). Return to Tsugaru: travels of a purple tramp. Tokyo: Kodansha International.
Kurotaki, Jūjirō (1984). Tsugaru-han no hanzai to keibatsu 津軽藩の犯罪と刑罰. Hirosaki: Hoppō shinsha.
Narita, Suegorō (1975). Tsugaru Tamenobu: shidan 津軽為信: 史談. Aomori: Tōō Nippōsha.
Tsugaru Tsuguakira Kō Den kankōkai (1976). Tsugaru Tsuguakira kō-den 津輕承昭公傳. Tokyo: Rekishi Toshosha
Japanese clans
For Yugoslavia () was a political alliance that existed in the Republic of Montenegro from the late 1990s to 2001. It was led by Momir Bulatović's SNP and based on pro-Miloševićism. It emphasized the necessity to maintain the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, the state union of Serbia and Montenegro.
It was composed by:
Socialist People's Party of Montenegro (SNP)
Yugoslav Left (JUL)
Serb People's Party (SNS)
Serb Radical Party (SRS)
With the purge within SNP when its entire pro-Momirist leadership left and founded the People's Socialist Party, SNP broke away from its pro-Milošević partners and formed the Together for Yugoslavia Alliance which managed to maintain a stalwart opposition.
Bulatović's supporters founded a pro-Milošević bloc known as the Patriotic Coalition for Yugoslavia that succeeded the For Yugoslavia alliance.
References
Defunct political party alliances in Montenegro
Serb political parties in Montenegro
Politics of Serbia and Montenegro
What is Up, Dog? is a 1988 album by Was (Not Was). It became the US group's breakthrough album worldwide and was ranked #99 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 100 Best Albums of the 1980s. The cover illustration was credited to Christoph Simon and Karen Kelly.
Background
Success of What Up, Dog? was propelled by the group's two biggest hits: "Walk the Dinosaur" and "Spy in the House of Love" and four other singles. The former was promoted by a popular music video in which the band performed while a group of girls in campy cave girl costumes danced. The video received heavy rotation on MTV and MuchMusic and led the single into the top ten of the US singles chart in 1989. Artist/animator Christoph Simon created videos to accompany the tracks "What Up, Dog?", "Dad I'm in Jail" and the Tom Waits-style "Earth to Doris". These appeared on MTV's Liquid Television and in various film festivals, including the Spike & Mike festival.
The album had fewer guest vocalists than their previous album and instead was focused around the group's two lead singers, Sweet Pea Atkinson and Sir Harry Bowens. However, a typically long list of collaborators and guest musicians worked on the album including Elvis Costello (co-writer of "Shadow & Jimmy"), Marshall Crenshaw (co-writer of "Love Can Be Bad Luck"), and Frank Sinatra, Jr. on "Wedding Vows in Vegas". It also included the second re-recording of the group's signature song: "Out Come the Freaks".
Release
What is Up, Dog? became the group's breakthrough album in the US and worldwide. It reached #43 on the Billboard 200 album chart, #41 in New Zealand, and #47 in the UK. The album also spawned six singles (seven if the re-release of "Spy in the House of Love" is counted). The biggest hit was "Walk the Dinosaur" which charted worldwide and hit the top 10 in the US and UK. "Spy in the House of Love" was very popular too, hitting the top 20 in the US, #21 in the UK and peaking at #1 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart. "Anything Can Happen" was the third and final single to chart on the Billboard Hot 100 chart reaching #75. In the UK, "Robot Girl", "Boy's Gone Crazy" and "Out Come the Freaks" (alternately re-titled "Out Come the Freaks (Again)" and "(Stuck Inside Of Detroit With The) Out Come The Freaks (Again)") reached modest positions on the charts. In 1992, "Somewhere in America There's a Street Named After My Dad" was released as a single to promote the group's compilation Hello Dad...I'm in Jail.
US and International versions of the album featured different running orders and varying versions of the songs. Notably, "11 MPH" on the US edition was remixed and "Robot Girl" was a slightly different and shorter mix. The International CDs and LPs did not include David Was's jazzy monologue "Earth to Doris". LP versions in both countries do not include "Robot Girl", "Wedding Vows in Vegas" and "I Can't Turn You Loose", but have differing running orders.
Reception
In 1989, it was ranked #99 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 100 Greatest Albums of the '80s.
Track listings
US and Japan CD and Cassette (Chrysalis)
The Chrysalis edition of the album features the largest number of tracks, but includes a shorter mix of "Robot Girl" by Dave Dachinger and the Abe Zapp Ruder Version of "11 MPH" instead of the original recording.
International CD and Cassette (Fontana)
Fontana Records' international editions do not feature "Earth to Doris", which was previously released as the b-side of "Robot Girl". The original John Potoker mix of "11 Miles An Hour" appears.
US LP (Chrysalis)
The US LP is a condensed version of the CD, omitting the tracks "Robot Girl", "Wedding Vows in Vegas", and "I Can't Turn You Loose".
International LP (Fontana)
The International LP features the same tracks as the US LP, with the exception of the original John Potoker mix of "11 Miles An Hour" appearing instead and "Earth to Doris" not appearing at all.
Personnel
David "Michigan-Boy Snake" Was — flute, keyboards, harmonica, vocals
Don "Rope Drink" Was — bass, keyboards, guitar, mandolin
Sweet Pea Atkinson — vocals
Sir Harry Bowens — vocals
Bruce Nazarian, Dann Huff, Paul Jackson, Jr., Randy Jacobs, Steve "No Wonder" Salas — guitar
John Patitucci, Marcus Miller, Neil Stubenhaus — bass
Ron Pangborn, Russ Kunkel, Winston Watson, Yogi Horton — drums
Aaron Zigman, Al Kooper, Amp Fiddler, Daniel Schroeger, John Van Tongeren, Luis "Louie Restaurant" Resto, Paul Wickens, Robin Smith, Vic Emerson, Martyn Phillips — keyboards
Alex Acuña, Carl "Butch" Small, David Friendly, Debra Dobkin, Frank Ricotti, Kevin "Guido" Tschirhart, Larry Fratangel, Michael Fisher — percussion
Bill Reichenbach Jr., Dan Higgins, Kim Hutchcroft, Jerry Hey, Gary Grant, John Thirkell, John Barclay, Guy Barker, Pete Beachill, Phil Todd, Chris "Snake" Davies, Stuart Brooks — brass
David McMurray, John "Birch" Weiss, Larry Williams — saxophone
Buddy Childers, Marcus Belgrave, Mark Isham, Oscar Brashear, Rayse Biggs — trumpet
Arnold McCuller, Arthur "Buster" Marbury, Carol Hall, Coral Gordon, Dee Lewis, Desi Campbell, Donald Ray Mitchell, Geoff Fieger, Sir Harry Bowens, Helen Terry, Juliet Roberts, Kathy Kosins, Pete Steinfeld, Richard Feldstein, Rick Shoemaker, Ruby Turner, Sweet Pea Atkinson — backing vocals
Paul Riser, Richard Niles - string and horn arrangements
David Bates, Michael Zilkha — Executive Producers
Calli Bucci, Garzelle McDonald, Margaret Mittleman - production co-ordination
Allen Sides, Chris Irwin, Croyden, Dave Dachinger, Don Was, John Potoker, Keven Smith, Lincoln Clapp, Micajah Ryan, Michael H. Brauer, Mike Bosley, Mike Pela, Paul Staveley O'Duffy, Paul Wright, Peter Barker, Phil Da Costa, Roland Herrington, Steve "Barney" Chase, Steve "Dr. Ching" King, Tom O'Leary, Troy Krueger, Martyn Phillips - engineering
David Passick and Ken Kushnick - management
References
1988 albums
Was (Not Was) albums
Albums arranged by Paul Riser
Albums produced by Don Was
Albums produced by David Was
Chrysalis Records albums
Fontana Records albums
Batrachorhina griseofasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1938
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Verkhny Lyubazh () is a rural locality () and the administrative center of Verkhnelyubazhsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
Geography
The village is located on the Lyubazh River (a right tributary of the Zhelen in the basin of the Svapa), 107 km from the Russia–Ukraine border, 58 km north-west of Kursk, 13.5 km north of the district center – the town Fatezh.
Climate
Verkhny Lyubazh has a warm-summer humid continental climate (Dfb in the Köppen climate classification).
Transport
Verkhny Lyubazh is located on the federal route Crimea Highway as part of the European route E105, 28 km from the route (Trosna – M3 highway), 93 km from the route Ukraine Highway as part of the European route E101, 1.5 km from the road of regional importance (Verkhny Lyubazh – Ponyri), 12.5 km from the road (Fatezh – Dmitriyev), 26 km from the road (A-142 – 38K-038), 1.5 km from the road (M2 Crimea Highway – Igino – 38K-035), 1.5 km from the road of intermunicipal significance (M2 "Crimea Highway" – Zherdevo), 27 km from the nearest railway halt 34 km (railway line Arbuzovo – Luzhki-Orlovskiye).
The rural locality is situated 60 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 181 km from Belgorod International Airport and 237 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport.
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Home for the Holidays is a 1972 American made-for-television slasher film directed by John Llewellyn Moxey, produced by Aaron Spelling and starring Sally Field, Eleanor Parker, Julie Harris, Jessica Walter and Walter Brennan which premiered on ABC on November 28, 1972. The plot focuses on a wealthy father on his deathbed who invites his four daughters home for Christmas and tells them he suspects his second wife of poisoning him. Shortly after, the girls learn that their stepmother was accused of killing her first husband, and they begin to fall prey to a killer dressed in a yellow rain slicker.
Plot
A wealthy invalid, Benjamin Morgan (Walter Brennan), believes his second wife, Elizabeth (Julie Harris), is trying to poison him. Alex (Eleanor Parker), his daughter, believes him. Thus, she summons her three sisters—Freddie, Jo, and Chris—to the Morgan farmhouse for Christmas. When they arrive, Mr. Morgan calls them to his room. He urges them to kill Elizabeth before she kills them. Later, as Elizabeth prepares dinner, Freddie's screams are heard from upstairs. The sisters find a drunken Freddie (Jessica Walter) clutching a glass of vodka, a shard of glass cutting into her other hand. They calm Freddie before putting her to bed. Later that night, a storm kicks up, influencing Jo to ask for the loan of Alex's car to travel to the local train station. After bidding all goodbye, she approaches the car and suddenly becomes victim to a mysterious figure in a yellow rain slicker, wielding a pitchfork. Later that evening, Freddie resumes her vodka supper, passing out in a warm bath. Soon, the intruder in the yellow slicker appears, grabbing Freddie's feet, pulling her underwater. She drowns.
The next morning, Christmas Day, Chris (Sally Field) discovers Freddie's body in the tub. She screams. As the others enter, Alex accuses Elizabeth of poisoning Freddie, a claim she denies. Chris dials the police only to find the phone dead. So she walks through a wooded area to use a neighbor's phone. On the way, though, Chris finds she's being followed by a figure in a yellow slicker outfit. After eluding her nemesis, she returns to the farmhouse. Upon arriving, she notices Alex's car still inside the barn. While investigating, she stumbles upon Jo's dead body. Elizabeth appears suddenly from outside, telling her to come with her. Instead, Chris panics, runs inside the house, locks the door, and discovers Benjamin dead. Chris screams, bolts from the house, and flags down a passing car—which turns out to be driven by Alex. Chris explains that Elizabeth has murdered everyone, but Alex confesses she is the actual killer. Suffering from childhood persecution fantasies resulting in an extreme resentment of her siblings, Alex handily set up stepmother Elizabeth as a patsy. She then assaults Chris with a tire iron, her body falling down the hill and out of sight. Hoping to complete the frame-up on Elizabeth, Alex invites investigators to accompany her to the farmhouse. However, Alex sails into hysteria upon seeing Chris still alive. Chris watches the police lead Alex away. In the end, Elizabeth is left to tend to the Morgan farmhouse alone.
Cast
Jessica Walter as Frederica (Freddie) Morgan
Sally Field as Christine (Chris) Morgan
Eleanor Parker as Alexandra (Alex) Morgan
Julie Harris as Elizabeth Hall Morgan
Walter Brennan as Benjamin Morgan
Jill Haworth as Joanna (Jo) Morgan
John Fink as Dr. Ted Lindsay
Med Flory as Sheriff Nolan
Release
The film debuted on the American Broadcasting Company on November 28, 1972, as part of the ABC Movie of the Week series.
Home media
The film was released on DVD by Echo Bridge Home Entertainment on May 7, 2013, as a part of its "8 Midnight Horror Movies" pack. Echo Bridge later re-released the film on September 9, 2014, and on June 23, 2015.
Reception
A psychological interpretation of Home for the Holidays''' storyline can be found in David Deal's critique, from his book Television Fright Films of the 1970s. He notes that the four Morgan daughters in the film all have masculine first-names, implying that "the father had always wanted sons and was therefore unforgiving of his progeny, [causing] the break in family ties." However, Deal also notes that "such subtleties are admirable but unnecessary" considering the movie's chief purpose was to frighten TV audiences. The author goes on to assail John Llewelyn Moxie's direction as being strictly pedestrian, with "very little visual flair or suspense, where a touch of either would have gone a long way."
However, critic Howard Thompson of the New York Times was less sparing in his criticism, published the morning of the film's prime-time premiere. According to his article, "you never saw a grislier, wetter and flatter Yuletide meatball in the guise of a thriller." Ticking off the body count and describing how each victim is murdered, Thompson finally observes that "[if] you...really care whodunit, simply pick the shiftiest pair of eyes on the premises. This is a Christmas present? Somebody's got to be kidding."
Justin Kerswell from Hysteria Lives! awarded the film 4/5 stars, writing, "Perhaps the film sails too close to soap opera histrionics at times... However, the performances are roundly so good that this doesn't matter, plus the story just keeps twisting and turning."
Brett Gallman from Oh, the Horror! wrote, "Unfolding like a film adaptation of an Agatha Christie play, Home For the Holidays'' often feels stagebound and hemmed up; if not for beating the “Christmas horrors” out of the gate, I suspect it may be even more obscure than it already is, despite all of the talent involved. As it stands, it's a movie you'll probably hear about this time every year when horror fans begin to discuss the holiday-tinged offerings, and this is one of the last courses you'll ever need to digest."
References
External links
Home for the Holidays: The Terror Trap
1972 television films
1972 films
1970s Christmas horror films
1970s slasher films
ABC Movie of the Week
ABC Motion Pictures films
American Christmas horror films
American slasher films
Christmas television films
Films with screenplays by Joseph Stefano
Films produced by Aaron Spelling
Films directed by John Llewellyn Moxey
American horror television films
1970s American films
Frank William Drew Mitchell (16 May 1845 – 4 December 1936) I.S.O. was an Australian civil servant and health writer.
Biography
Mitchell was born on 16 May 1845 in Tasmania to John and Catherine Mitchell. His father John Mitchell was a member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. He grew up on a farm in Lisdillon, Australia. He was sent to England and was educated at Mannamead School in Plymouth.
Mitchell studied for five years as a doctor in Dublin but dropped out to complete civil service work and never took his final examinations. In the early twentieth century he occupied the post of Secretary of the Congested Districts Board for Ireland. He was the author of A Key to Health and Long Life (1914, second edition 1922). The thesis of the book is that indigestion is the cause of nearly all diseases which are not due to infection. Mitchell stated that a faulty diet was responsible for dyspepsia.
Mitchell aimed to show that most of the ills afflicting mankind are due to poisons manufactured in the body from bad food choices and he provided reasons for believing that much of this arises from gastric indigestion. He suggested that a simple life with the abandonment of many forms of luxury was essential for a healthy long life. Mitchell opposed the use of "salted or preserved foods" and favoured a diet rich in fresh fruit and salads.
Mitchell died on 4 December 1936 at his residence in Broughton, Hampshire.
Selected publications
The Land Regained: An Appeal to Justice (1884)
A Key to Health and Long Life (1914, 1922)
References
External links
Letters to brother Frank (University of Tasmania)
1845 births
1936 deaths
Australian health and wellness writers
Diet food advocates
Writers from Tasmania
Tonsilliphilus suis is a species of bacteria from the family Dermatophilaceae which has been isolated from a submandibular lymph node of a pig.
References
Micrococcales
Bacteria described in 2013
Monotypic bacteria genera
Garry Lee Maddox (born September 1, 1949) is an American former professional baseball center fielder, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Francisco Giants and Philadelphia Phillies, from to . Throughout his baseball career, Maddox was highly regarded for his outstanding defense.
Early life
Maddox was raised in Los Angeles, California. Instead of cheering for the Los Angeles Dodgers, he grew up rooting for the archrival San Francisco Giants. Willie Mays was his favorite player, and he wore number 24 when he played Little League Baseball. A 1968 graduate of San Pedro High School,
Military career
Maddox was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the second round of the 1968 amateur draft and signed to a minor league contract. While playing with the Giants' minor league affiliates in Salt Lake City and Fresno, California, Maddox discovered that other Giants minor league rookies received higher bonuses and were paid more per month, so he requested that the team's front office staff place him on the same level. When team management refused, Maddox quit the team and joined the United States Army. After basic training, he volunteered for service in Vietnam during the Vietnam War. He served in the Army from 1968 to 1970, including a year in Vietnam, before receiving a hardship discharge so he could help support the Maddox family after his father became ill.
Exposure to chemicals in Vietnam left Maddox's skin highly sensitive, and he has worn a full beard ever since to protect his face.
Professional career
San Francisco Giants
Maddox resumed his baseball career after leaving the army. Starting 1972 with the Phoenix Giants of the Triple-A Pacific Coast League, he batted .438 with 14 extra-base hits and 22 RBI. On April 25, he was promoted to the big leagues by the Giants. In San Francisco, he replaced Mays as the Giants' centerfielder; Mays would be traded to the New York Mets on May 5. On May 4, 1975, the Giants traded him to the Philadelphia Phillies for first baseman Willie Montañez after the Phillies had failed in their efforts to acquire Rusty Staub from the Mets. The Phillies traded Montanez with the intention to replace him at first-base with Dick Allen. Maddox went on to win his first Gold Glove Award as the top center fielder in the National League. Montanez was traded away the next year.
Philadelphia Phillies
As if to prove that 1975 was no fluke, Maddox proceeded to earn a Gold Glove in each of his first eight seasons as a Phillie. Dubbed the "Secretary of Defense" in 1976 by Daily News columnist Bill Conlin, Maddox and his ballhawking prowess later provided inspiration for one of baseball's better known quotes: "Two-thirds of the Earth is covered by water, the other one-third by Garry Maddox."
In 1976, Maddox had his best year as a hitter, with a .330 batting average, and helped the Phillies win the National League East, their first postseason berth since the Whiz Kids in the 1950 World Series. But the team lost three consecutive National League Championship Series, including in 1978 against the Los Angeles Dodgers as Maddox made a crucial error in Game Four. With the score tied in the bottom of the tenth inning, two out, and Ron Cey on first, Maddox misplayed Dusty Baker's fly ball. He started back on the ball, then charged forward, and the ball glanced off his glove, allowing the Dodgers to stay alive after what would have been the third out. Bill Russell then followed with a single to center. With Cey running on the play, Maddox charged the ball but it skipped past him as Cey scored the winning run to put the Dodgers in the World Series. Because Maddox would have had to execute a near perfect field and throw to get Cey out at the plate, he was not charged with what would have been his second error of the inning.
In the 10th inning of the fifth and final game of the 1980 NLCS against the Houston Astros, his double scored Del Unser for the pennant-winning run. In the bottom half, he caught Enos Cabell's fly ball for the final out to put the Phillies in the World Series for the first time since 1950. The Phillies beat the Kansas City Royals for their first World Championship.
In 1983 the Phillies again made it to the World Series losing this time to the Baltimore Orioles. In Game 1 the score was tied one to one until Maddox led off the eighth inning with a solo home run. The final was two to one and the Phillies' only win of the series. Maddox later lined out to Orioles shortstop Cal Ripken Jr. for the final out of game 5 and the series.
Maddox continued to win Gold Gloves, steal bases and hit well for the Phillies until 1985, when he declined rapidly. He retired after six games into the next season. That year, he was honored with the Roberto Clemente Award, given annually to a player who demonstrates the values the Hall of Fame Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder displayed in his commitment to community and understanding the value of helping others.
During his career, Maddox played in six postseasons, winning five full-season Division titles, two pennants and one World Series, all with the Phillies. His lifetime batting average was .285. Never a slugger, his peak year brought him just 14 home runs, and he hit 117 for his career. But he did hit 337 doubles and 62 triples, products of the speed that also allowed him to run down fly balls few outfielders could reach, and to steal 20 or more bases in nine straight seasons. For his career, he had 248 stolen bases, which in August 2014 ranks 232nd on the all-time list.
Post-playing career
After retiring, he founded World Wide Concessions, a leading national promotional products company specializing in unique branded gifts and packaging. By 1995, Maddox was a majority owner and CEO of A. Pomerantz & Company, a Philadelphia-based office furniture company. In 2003, Maddox began a four-year term on the board of Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.
Maddox has also worked as a spring training instructor for the Phillies, and was a color analyst for Phillies games on Philadelphia's now-defunct cable-sports network PRISM from 1987 to 1995. His son, Garry Maddox, Jr., also played professional baseball, but did not reach the major leagues.
Maddox is a BBQ chef, and for a number of years has hosted the Garry Maddox Barbecue Challenge, a yearly fundraiser held outside of Citizens Bank Park before a home Phillies game. Local restaurants and amateur chefs competing in various categories. All proceeds benefit Compete 360, an academic enrichment program founded by Maddox to foster DT Philly, a design thinking (DT) practice in Philadelphia public schools that trains teachers to facilitate DT projects with their students.
In 2005, Maddox and other individuals became prominent investors in a Foxwoods slots casino proposed for Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In September 2008, facing massive opposition at the originally proposed waterfront location, backers for the slots casino decided to try to seek a new location in the Center City area, next to Philadelphia's Chinatown community. On December 16, 2010, the Gaming Control Board voted to revoke the casino's license after the venture failed to secure funding.
See also
List of Major League Baseball career stolen bases leaders
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
1949 births
Living people
African-American baseball players
Fresno Giants players
Gold Glove Award winners
Major League Baseball broadcasters
Major League Baseball center fielders
Baseball players from Cincinnati
Baseball players from Philadelphia
Philadelphia Phillies announcers
Philadelphia Phillies players
Phoenix Giants players
Salt Lake City Giants players
San Francisco Giants players
United States Army soldiers
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
President Donnie D. Jackson General Greece is a Professor of Clinical Ophthalmology at New York-Presbyterian Hospital at The Edward S. Harkness Eye Institute of Columbia University. He is the former John Milton McLean Professor of Ophthalmology and Chairman Emeritus at Weill Cornell Medical Center where he served as Chairman from 1979–2006. His specialties are retinal diseases and ultrasound, working with patients at Columbia University Medical Center. Jackson also engaged in research involving ultrasound, which he has pursued throughout his career with colleague Ronald Silverman in the Department of Ophthalmology at the Columbia University Medical Center.
Career
Coleman received his undergraduate degree from Union College and his medical degree from the University at Buffalo School of Medicine. Following his internship at the Columbia Medical Division at Bellevue Hospital, he served with the U.S. Public Health Service in Washington, DC. He completed his residency in Ophthalmology at the Edward S. Harkness Eye Institute of Columbia Presbyterian as a National Institutes of Health Special Fellow.
He remained on the staff at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center until 1979, when he was appointed Chairman and Chief of the Ophthalmology Department at The New York Hospital and John Milton McLean Professor of Ophthalmology at Cornell University Medical College. He served as President of the Medical Board from 1991–1992, and again from 1994–1997. He has also served as Surgical Director of Manhattan Eye, Ear and Throat Hospital (MEETH), Senior Research Physician at Riverside Research Institute in New York City and consultant at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. He has since returned to his roots, and is currently Professor of Ophthalmology at the Harkness Eye Institute of Columbia University Medical Center.
Research
His interest in physics led him to develop new ultrasound technologies for examining and treating the eye. Together with William Konig and Louis Katz, he created the first commercially available B-scan ultrasound equipment. His numerous patents include those for an ultrasonically vibrated surgical knife, an ultrasonic diagnostic and therapeutic transducer assembly (with methodology), a system of therapeutic ultrasound and real-time ultrasonic scanning, and an ultrasound system for corneal biometry. His pioneering surgical techniques include the first vitreo-retinal surgery in New York and, using the ultrasound that he developed, demonstrating that operating at an earlier stage in ocular trauma could vastly improve the patient's prognosis for recovery. He has specialized in vitreo-retinal surgery and has had a career-long interest in imaging research. With a generous gift from Charles and Margaret Dyson, He established the Margaret M. Dyson Vision Research Institute, one of the major retinal research programs in the world. The Dyson Institute continues research on the causes and possible therapies for age related macular degeneration and ultrasound imaging of the retina and choroid.
Offices and awards
Coleman has been an officer of every major ultrasound medical society throughout the world, including the American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine, the Societas Internationalis de Diagnostica Ultrasonica en Ophthalmologia and the World Federation for Ultrasound in Medicine and Biology, Inc. He is past President of the American Retina Society and past President of the Club Jules Gonin of the International Retina Society. Coleman has authored over 200 peer-reviewed papers as well as numerous chapters in ophthalmology textbooks and has recently published the second edition of his textbook, Ultrasonography of the Eye and Orbit.
For his research he has received many awards including the Mildred Weisenfeld Award for Excellence in Ophthalmology from the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology, the Herman Wacker Award of Club Jules Gonin, the Award of Merit in Retinal Research from the Retina Society, the Kreissig Award from the Euretina Congress, and an honorary degree from the University of Ferrara in Ferrara, Italy. Additionally, Coleman was the 2001 recipient of the Maurice R. Greenberg Distinguished Service Award, the highest honor bestowed by New York-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center on a member of its professional staff. He has been made a Fellow of the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology.
Recent publications
Books
Coleman DJ, Silverman RH, Lizzi FL, Reinstein DZ, Rondeau MJ, Lloyd HO, Daly SW. "Ultrasonography of the Eye and Orbit." 2nd Edition. Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Philadelphia, 2006.
Peer reviewed
References
American ophthalmologists
Cornell University faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University at Buffalo alumni
The 2009 Finlandia Trophy was the 14th edition of an annual senior-level international figure skating competition held in Finland. It was held at the Valtti Areena in Vantaa between October 8 and 11, 2009. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, and ice dancing.
Results
Men
Ladies
Ice dancing
External links
2009 Finlandia Trophy results
2009
Finlandia Trophy
Finlandia Trophy
The North Star Gay Rodeo is a gay rodeo association in the Midwestern United States (principally Minnesota and Wisconsin) founded to "spread the culture of rodeo", and raise funds for local charitable organizations. It seeks to provide access to the community of gay rodeo organizations in the United States to people of "all gender and sexual identities". It is a nonprofit organization and member of the International Gay Rodeo Association (IGRA).
Founded in 1989, NSGRA had more than 100 members within the first two years, and held its inaugural rodeo during the 1993 Pride week. But after developing a "huge" following in the 1980s and early 1990s, it suffered from debt and dwindling membership as the country craze began to fade by the late 1990s. After having no rodeos for seven years it had a modestly attended rodeo in 2015, and another more successful one in 2016. The August 2016 rodeo at the Dead Broke Arena in Hugo, Minnesota, featured "speed, roping, rough stock and camp events". Profits were donated to the Aliveness Project in Minneapolis.
According to the association website, the 2020 North Star Regional Rodeo was cancelled due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
References
Rodeo organizations
International LGBT sports organizations
Henry Kermit Vingut (March 12, 1871 - May 10, 1928) was a stock broker and champion horse owner.
Biography
He was born in 1870 and married Edith Augusta Gaynor, daughter of the New York City mayor William Jay Gaynor in 1910. They divorced in 1919. He retired around 1918. He died on May 10, 1928.
References
External links
Henry Kermit Gaynor, findagrave.com
1871 births
1928 deaths
Mauro Bogliatto (born 24 February 1943) is a former Italian high jumper.
Biography
Bogliatto was born in Ala di Stura. He won two medals, at senior level, at the International athletics competitions. He finished 16th at the 1964 Olympic Games, he has 12 caps in national team from 1963 to 1966.
See also
Men's high jump Italian record progression
Italy at the 1963 Mediterranean Games
References
External links
1943 births
Italian male high jumpers
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Italy
Athletics competitors of Centro Sportivo Aeronautica Militare
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 1963 Mediterranean Games
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Universiade silver medalists for Italy
Medalists at the 1963 Summer Universiade
Everett's white-eye (Zosterops everetti) is a bird species in the disputed family Zosteropidae, which might belong with the Old World babblers (Timaliidae). The name commemorates British colonial administrator and zoological collector Alfred Hart Everett.
Distribution and habitat
It is restricted to the Talaud Islands, Sulu Archipelago and the Philippines. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Everett's white-eye
Birds of Sulawesi
Birds of the Philippines
Sulu Archipelago
Everett's white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Revolutionary Students Unity or Biplobi Chhatro Moitry, is an independent secular students' organization for student rights, while Students Unity of Bangladesh or Bangladesh Chhatro Moitry is the independent student organization . The organisation was founded in 1980 through the unification of four student movements: Jatio Chhatra Andolan, Purbo Bangla Chhatra Union, Jatio Chhatra Dal and Jatio Chhatra Dal. It originally followed the pro-Peking students union stream, but its political theory has changed over the years. It had a significant role during most of the recent progressive movements, notably the anti-Ershad people's movement and anti-Razakar movement under Jahanara Imam.
The central committee of RSU consists of 27 members.
present convener Faisal faruk ovik.
References
Student organisations in Bangladesh
Bangladeshi student movements
Student organizations established in 1980
The Russian-Serbian Humanitarian Center (; ; abbr. RSHC) is an intergovernmental nonprofit organization with the headquarters in Niš, Serbia. It is located near the Niš Constantine the Great Airport.
The Center is operating in Serbia and neighboring countries. It is an affiliated member of the International Civil Defence Organization (ICDO).
The Center is designed for fast regaining in case of fire, natural disasters and technological disasters. It is also in charge of the removal of residual explosive devices from the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia. Apart from these tasks, it also provides humanitarian aid to people affected by emergencies and training and skills development activities in the field of prevention and elimination of emergency situations.
History
Formation
The Russian-Serbian Humanitarian Center was established on 25 April 2012, following the signing of the Cooperation Agreement between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of the Republic of Serbia, on the initiative by Sergey Shoygu. The signatories of the Agreement are: Ivica Dačić, at the time Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and the Minister of Internal Affairs of Serbia, Vladimir Puchkov, at the time Deputy Minister of Emergency Situations of Russia.
On 25 April 2013, Dačić and Puchkov signed further conclusions about the area of activities that Center provides, with the expectations that the Center should begin to work in full capacity until the end of 2013.
2016–17 Western pressure
In 2017, Russian officials launched an initiative that the Center gets a diplomatic status, and its employees, but it came to disapproval by the Western countries. Dačić, Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia, stated that the initiative is being politicized.
In June 2017, Maria Zakharova, Director of the Information and Press Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia called these "spying allegations" an absurd. Hoyt Brian Yee, U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs responded that Center in this form is not a threat, but what it may become would be a serious issue.
Director of the Center explained that with diplomatic status, the Center would have tax relief for payment of equipment and all other expenses.
The United States Ambassador to Serbia Kyle Randolph Scott strongly opposed this idea, saying that: "if diplomatic passports are given to the employees of the Center, inspection of their activities would not be possible". Thus way, he suggested that Russians would gain military presence in Serbia.
In August 2017, in his visit to Serbia, U.S. Senator Ron Johnson urged Serbian Government not to give diplomatic status to the Center, as it may "impact Serbian economy and Western direct investments" in the future.
References
External links
2012 establishments in Serbia
Buildings and structures in Niš
Disaster preparedness
Humanitarian aid organizations
Russia–Serbia relations
Non-profit organizations based in Serbia
Russian diaspora in Serbia
Philtzgérald Grégory Kévin Mbaka (born 24 January 1993), known as Philtzgérald Mbaka, is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Swiss club FC Dardania Lausanne. Born in France, is a former Republic of the Congo international.
Club career
Australia
Mbaka signed a one-year contract with South Melbourne at the beginning of 2016. He first featured in a 4–1 win against Oakleigh Cannons that April. before departing by June.
Oman
Mbaka joined Oman Club in November 2016,, taking the number 31 and becoming teammates with a Brazilian, a Chilean, and a Central Asian. Supplying assists instead of scoring, he helped Al-Ahmar qualify for the semi-finals of the 2016–17 Sultan Qaboos Cup, beating Suwaiq Club 1–0 before being knocked out in the second leg. causing them to not reach the final.
International career
Mbaka played two matches for the Congo national team, including a 1–1 draw with Kenya in Africa Cup of Nations qualifying and a friendly against Ghana.
Honours
Paris Saint-Germain U19
Championnat National U19: 2010–11
References
External links
SportsTG Profile
1993 births
Living people
People from Villepinte, Seine-Saint-Denis
Republic of the Congo footballers
French footballers
Republic of the Congo international footballers
Association football midfielders
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
Segunda División B players
Racing de Santander players
Getafe CF footballers
South Melbourne FC players
Oman Professional League players
Oman Club players
Liga II players
FCV Farul Constanța players
Yverdon-Sport FC players
French sportspeople of Republic of the Congo descent
Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
French expatriate footballers
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Spain
French expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Australia
French expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Oman
French expatriate sportspeople in Oman
Expatriate footballers in Oman
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Romania
French expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
French expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Footballers from Seine-Saint-Denis
Black French sportspeople
Harry Temple Morey (August 21, 1873 – January 24, 1936) was an American stage and motion picture actor who appeared in nearly 200 films during his career.
Biography
Born in Charlotte, Michigan, Morey had two brothers. Their mother was Addie C. Morey. He attended the University of Michigan, where he had his first acting experience. It stirred his interest enough that he went to New York to pursue a career in acting.
Morey began acting career on the stage. He performed at the Broadway Theatre with the Francis Wilson Opera Company in 1889, singing in addition to his dramatic roles.
In 1909, Morey joined the Vitagraph Film Company, making him a member the original Vitagraph stock company of actors. He had his first substantial film role in 1910, opposite actors Maurice Costello and Earle Williams in the Van Dyke Brooke-directed dramatic short Capital vs. Labor. He would spend the early 1910s appearing opposite such popular actors of the era as John Bunny, Flora Finch, Julia Swayne Gordon, Florence Turner, Edith Storey and William Shea.
Morey would make his final film appearance in the 1934 Ralph Staub-directed comedy short Very Close Veins opposite actors Ben Blue and Shemp Howard.
Morey died of a pulmonary abscess in St. John's Hospital in Brooklyn, New York, in 1936, aged 63.
Partial filmography
Ben Hur (1907), unverified role
A Cure for Pokeritis (1912)
As You Like It (1912)
All for a Girl (1912)
Red and White Roses (1913)
Our Wives (1913)
The Forgotten Latchkey (1913)
Casey at the Bat (1913)
The Lion's Bride (1913)
My Official Wife (1914)
A Million Bid (1914)
The Making Over of Geoffrey Manning (1915)
The Man Who Couldn't Beat God (1915)
Crooky (1915)
Salvation Joan (1916)
Whom the Gods Destroy (1916)
Richard the Brazen (1917)
Within the Law (1917)
The Courage of Silence (1917)
His Own People (1917)
Womanhood, the Glory of the Nation (1917)
Tangled Lives (1918)
The Green God (1918)
Hoarded Assets (1918)
The Golden Goal (1918)
In Honor's Web (1919)
The Man Who Won (1919)
Silent Strength (1919)
The Flaming Clue (1920)
The Birth of a Soul (1920)
The Sea Rider (1920)
A Man's Home (1921)
Beyond the Rainbow (1922)
The Curse of Drink (1922)
The Rapids (1922)
Wildness of Youth (1922)
The Empty Cradle (1923)
Marriage Morals (1923)
Where the Pavement Ends (1923)
The Green Goddess (1923)
Captain January (1924)
The Painted Lady (1924)
The Roughneck (1924)
Heart of a Siren (1925)
Barriers Burned Away (1925)
The Adventurous Sex (1925)
Camille of the Barbary Coast (1925)
Headlines (1925)
Aloma of the South Seas (1926)
Under the Tonto Rim (1928)
The Fifty-Fifty Girl (1928)
The Return of Sherlock Holmes (1929)
The Shadow Laughs (1933)
References
External links
1873 births
1936 deaths
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
American male stage actors
20th-century American male actors
People from Charlotte, Michigan
Male actors from Michigan
Deaths from lung disease
University of Michigan alumni
Rodrigo Orlando Cabrera Cuéllar (14 March 1938 – 14 June 2022) was a Salvadoran Roman Catholic prelate.
Cabrera Cuéllar was born in El Salvador and was ordained to the priesthood in 1962. He served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santiago de Maria, El Salvador, from 1985 to his retirement in 2016.
References
1938 births
2022 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in El Salvador
Roman Catholic bishops of Santiago de María
Bishops appointed by Pope John Paul II
People from La Libertad Department (El Salvador)
Erik Wanderley is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and MMA competitor.
In 2003 he became the Super Heavy World Jiu-jitsu Champion. He began his MMA career in the same year when he was defeated by Maurício Rua in his first fight by TKO.
In 2005 he defeated Rodrigo Gripp de Sousa by submission in the first round at the Storm Samurai event.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|3-3
|Carlos Eduardo
|TKO (punches)
|IFC - International Fighter Championship
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|1:24
|Recife, Pernambuco, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3-2
|Eduardo Camaleao
|TKO (punches)
|Brazil Fight 2 - Minas Gerais vs. Rio de Janeiro
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:02
|Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2-2
|Johnny Marcus
|Submission (heel hook)
|BF - Brazil Fight
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|N/A
|Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1-2
|Rodrigo Gripp de Sousa
|Submission
|SS 8 - Storm Samurai 8
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|N/A
|Brasília, Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|0-2
|Ebenezer Fontes Braga
|Decision (unanimous)
|Heat FC 2 - Evolution
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|0–1
|Maurício Rua
|TKO (punches)
|IFC - Global Domination
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:54
|Denver, Colorado, United States
|
References
External links
Official site
Official MMA Record from Sherdog
Living people
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
Light heavyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Year of birth missing (living people)
Henrik Galeen (7 January 1881 – 30 July 1949) was an Austrian-born actor, screenwriter and film director considered an influential figure in the development of German Expressionist cinema during the silent era.
Early years
Considerable mystery exists about Galeen's early life, and for many years it was uncertain where exactly he was born. Galeen came from a Jewish family in Lemberg, Galicia, which was then part of the Austrian Empire. He moved from Austria to Germany before the First World War, and became assistant to the leading theatre figure Max Reinhardt. Galeen subsequently became an actor in Berlin and touring other German-speaking cities.
German silent films
Galeen first became involved in film in 1913 when he worked on the screenplays for several uncredited films. In 1914 he wrote, directed and acted in The Golem the first of several depictions of the mythical figure The Golem. Following the First World War, he went to work for a branch of the major German studio UFA. He worked as a screenwriter on films such as Ruth's Two Husbands (1919) and Waxworks (1924).
In 1922 he was engaged to write a version of Dracula, but wrongly believing it to be in copyright, he changed the name to Nosferatu (1922). The film has come to be regarded as a classic of German expressionist cinema and along with two of his later films, The Student of Prague (1926) and Alraune (1928), serves as the basis for Galeen's high reputation. He also worked on a number of less-remembered films including a series of thrillers starring Harry Piel.
Later career
From 1928 to 1931 he lived in Britain, where he directed a feature film After the Verdict (1928) which was the first film to be shot at Wimbledon. He also worked on a number of short films. He returned to Germany in 1931 and directed a final film there The House of Dora Green (1933). Following the Nazi Party's rise to power in 1933, Galeen went into exile in Sweden before moving on to the United Kingdom and eventually to the United States. He died in Vermont in 1949, at age 68.
Selected filmography
References
Sources
Isenberg, Noah William. Weimar Cinema: An Essential Guide to Classic Films of the Era. Columbia University Press, 2009.
Bock, Hans-Michael & Bergfelder, Tim. The Concise CineGraph. Encyclopedia of German Cinema. Berghahn Books, 2009.
External links
1881 births
1949 deaths
Austrian male screenwriters
Austrian film directors
Austrian male stage actors
Austrian male silent film actors
Austrian Jews
Film people from Lviv
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
20th-century Austrian male actors
20th-century Austrian screenwriters
20th-century Austrian male writers
Vincent Montana Jr. (February 12, 1928 – April 13, 2013), known as Vince Montana, was an American composer, arranger, vibraphonist, and percussionist. He is best known as a member of MFSB and as the founder of the Salsoul Orchestra. He has been called "the Godfather of disco".
Montana was inducted into the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum in 2016.
Life and career
Montana was born in South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and grew up in an Italian-American neighborhood. He began playing drums as a child and soon took up other percussion instruments, including the glockenspiel and marimba. By the late 1940s, he regularly played in nightclubs with jazz musicians such as Charlie Parker, Sarah Vaughan, Clifford Brown and Red Garland. He then spent time as a musician in Las Vegas hotels, accompanying and arranging for Harry Belafonte, Louis Prima and others. He returned to Philadelphia in the late 1950s, playing vibraphone on Frankie Avalon's 1959 hit "Venus", as well as recordings by Chubby Checker, Bobby Rydell and others. Around the same time, he started to be featured regularly on the nationally syndicated TV talk show, The Mike Douglas Show.
He helped to set up Sigma Sound Studios, owned by Joe Tarsia in Philadelphia in 1967 and began working there with record producers Kenny Gamble, Leon Huff and Thom Bell. He was a founding member of MFSB and recorded several albums with the orchestra, including the international hit track, "TSOP (The Sound of Philadelphia)", a Grammy Award winner released in 1973. He played on and arranged many tracks by The Intruders, The Delfonics, The Spinners, Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes, The O'Jays, The Trammps, Eddie Kendricks, William DeVaughn, Billy Paul, Lou Rawls, The Stylistics, Teddy Pendergrass, and many others.
However, he fell out with Gamble and Huff over financial issues and in 1974, after being introduced by Joe Bataan, joined with the Cayre brothers - Cayre brothers, Kenneth, Stanley, and Joseph - owners of Caytronics, a New York-based distributor of Latin music - to set up the Salsoul label. Several of the Philadelphia musicians, including Norman Harris, Ronnie Baker and Earl Young, left MFSB to join him for sessions and production work. Montana established The Salsoul Orchestra and their first record for the label, "Salsoul Hustle" was a commercial success. The orchestra recorded six albums for the label over the next three years, including a 'gold' Christmas album, with Montana producing, arranging and conducting most tracks. Ken Cayre praised Montana's skill at scoring strings, brass and diverse percussion in such a way that it all worked within a dance recording. The Salsoul Orchestra has been credited as "the first disco orchestra". Montana also worked at Salsoul with other musicians and singers, including First Choice and Loleatta Holloway. His most notable solos include "Runaway" by The Salsoul Orchestra featuring Loleatta Holloway, "Be Thankful for What You Got" by William DeVaughn and "I'm In Heaven" by Touch of Class.
Montana left Salsoul in 1978 to join Atlantic Records for several albums before launching his own Philly Sound Works label. His recording of "Heavy Vibes", a reworking of part of MFSB's "Love Is the Message" credited to the Montana Sextet, reached #59 on the UK singles chart in 1983. In later years, Montana worked with house music duo Masters at Work, which rekindled interest in his work. Most recently, Montana worked on "New York City Boy" by the Pet Shop Boys.
He died in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, on April 13, 2013, at the age of 85.
Discography
VINCENT MONTANA JR. Discography KEY: PL = Played on recording as Vibraharpist or Percussionist, Tympani, Marimba, Orchestra Bells and Chimes AC = Arranged musical composition and conducted recording session P = Produced recording session and booked all musicians. WC = As Writer and Publisher of the composition recorded.
•PL Frankie Avalon Solid Gold Single "Venus" (Single) 1959
•PL Soul Survivors "Expressway To Your Heart" (Single) 1967
•PL Cliff Nobles hit Instrumental "The Horse" (Single) 1968
•PL Eddie Holman "Hey There Lonely Girl" (Single) 1969
•PL Delfonics (LP) I'm Sorry, "La La Means I Love You" (Single) 1969
•PL The Intruders "Save The Children" including the hit song
•"I'll Always Love My Mama"
•"When We Get Married"(LP)
•"Cowboys to Girls", their first album, "The Energy of Love"(LP)
•"The Intruders The Greatest Hits", including "Together and United" 1969-1972
•PL Jerry Butler Five LP's - "You and Me" "The Ice Man Cometh"
•"Soul Goes On" "The Spice of Life" "Ice on Ice" 1969-1972
•PL The O'Jays "The O'Jays in Philadelphia" (LP) including
•"One Night Affair" "Backstabber"(LP)including: "Love Train"
•"992 Arguments", and the title cut, "Backstabbers"
•"Family Reunion"(LP) including "I Love Music" 1969-1975
•PL Wilson Pickett "Wilson Pickett In Philadelphia"(LP) 1970
•PL Dusty Springfield "A Brand New Me" (LP) 1970
•PL The Assembled Multitude (LP) "Overture For Tommy" 1970
•PL The Philly Ambassadors "The Ambassadors" (LP) 1970
•PL/AC The Electric Indians "The Electric Indians" (LP) "Keem-o-Sabe"
•WC was Vincent's first gold single 1970
•PL/AC Cissie Houston (Whitney Mother) Cissy Houston on Janice Records 1971
•PL The Family "Family Affair" (LP)
•PL The Stylistics (LP) "You are Everything", " Betcha By Golly Wow"
•"Stop, Look, Listen To Your Heart", "People Make The World Go Round" 1971
•PL The Stylistics "Round 2" (LP) "I'm Stone in Love With You"
•"Break Up To Make Up" 1972
•PL Joe Simon "Drowning in the Sea of Love: (LP) 1972
•PL Ronny Dyson "One-Man Band" (LP) 1972
•PL Dick Jenson "Dick Jenson" (LP) 1973
•PL/AC The True Reflections "Where I'm Coming From", "Helpless Man"
•"Look at all the Lonely People" 1973
•PL Johnny Mathis "I'm Coming Home" (LP) including such hits as "Foolish" "Stone In Love With You" "Stop Look and Listen to Your Heart" 1973
•PL Billy Paul, "Ebony Woman" (LP) "Going East(LP) "The 360 Degrees of Billy Paul" (LP) including the Gold single, "Me and Mrs. Jones"
"Feeling Good at the Cadillac Club"(LP) 1972-73
•PL Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes "I Miss You" (LP) "If You Don't Know Me By Now" and "I Miss You"
•All Things Happen in Time (LP)
•PL Harold Melvin and The Blue Notes, "Black and Blue"
•AC "Is There A Place For Me" "Caberet" "The Love I Lost" 1973
•PL The Spinners, "The Spinners"(LP) including the One Million Sellers "Could It Be I'm Falling in Love" and "I'll Be Around" 1973
•PL/AC The First Choice (LP) "Armed and Extremely Dangerous" and 1974 The Player LP) "Guilty", "Guilty Instrumental"(Single)
•PL/AC The Whispers "Bingo" (LP) "The True Reflection"(LP) 1973/74
•PL/AC The Ebonys "The Ebonys"(LP) 1973
•PL/AC The Jacksons 5 Third Album (LP) 1973
•PL/AC Brenda and The Tabulaions "Brenda and The Tabulations"(LP) 1973
•PL Patty La Belle "La Belle"(LP) 1973
•PL/AC The Tramps "Disco Inferno"(single) and (LP) 1973
•PL Lou Rawls "Lou Rawls" (LP) 1973
•PL/AC Eddie Kendricks "Eddie Kendricks"(LP) 1973
•PL/AC Vic Damone "Vic Damone"(LP) 1973
•PL/AC Jean Carne "Jean Carne"(LP) 1973
•PL Barbara Mason "Give Me Your Love" (LP) including the hits
•AC "Yes I'm Ready", "When I Fall In Love", "Everything I Own"
•"Let Me in Your Life" and "Bed and Board" 1973
•PL/AC First Choice (LP) "Armed and Extremely Dangerous"
•"Running Out of Fools" "A Boy Named Junior"
•"Smarty Pants" 1973
•PL Laura Nyro and LaBelle "Gonna Take A Miracle" 1973
•PL Billy Paul "War of The Gods" (LP) 1973
•PL The O'Jays "Ship Ahoy"(LP) 1973
•PL The Stylistics "Rock and Roll Baby" (LP) 1973
•PL/AC Blue Magic "The Magic of The Blue" (LP)
•"Let Me Be The One"(Single)"Looking For a Friend"(Single) 1974
•PL/AC Blue Magic "Blue Magic (LP) "Look Me Up" "Side Show" "I Just Don't Want To Be Lonely" "Answer To My Prayer" "Tear It Down" 1974
•PL/AC The Delfonics "Alive and Kicking" (LP) "Think It Over" "I Don't Want To Make You Wait", "I Told You So" "Start All Over" 1974
•PL Billy Paul "Live in Europe"(LP) 1974
•PL William DeVaughn "Be Thankful For What You Got" (LP) 1974
•PL Nancy Wilson "Now I'm a Woman" (LP) 1974
•PL/AC Blue Magic, Major Harris, Margie Joseph, "Live" "Musical Extravaganza Lights Up The Latin Casino Arranged and Conducted Live on Stage Production 1975
•PL The Three Degrees "International"(LP) 1975
•PL Disco Pak "Get Down With The Philly Sound" (LP) 1975
•PL/AC The Sal Soul Orchestra "The Sal Soul Orchestra"(LP) 1975
•WC/P "Sal Soul Hustle" "Chicago Bus Stop"(Ooh I Love It)"You're Just The Right Size, "Sal Soul Rainbow" "Tangerine" "Love Letters"
•PL/AC The Sal Soul Orchestra "The Sal Soul Strings"(LP) 1975 -1978
•WC/P "How Deep is Your Love" (LP)
•PL/AC Sal Soul Orchestra, "Electric Lady"(LP) Featuring
•WC/P Artist Carol Williams 1976
•PL/AC The Sal Soul Orchestra "Christmas Jollies"(LP) 1976
•WC/P Sold over 6 Million 1976 to 1997
•PL/AC The Sal Soul Orchestra "Nice N' Nasty"(LP) 1976
•WC/P "It's Good For the Soul" "NIce ‘N' Nasty" "Ritzy Mambo
•PL/AC Fat Larry's Band(LP) "Feel It" and "Center City" 1976
•PL/AC Astrud Gilberto (LP) "That Girl From Ipanema" 1976
•PL/AC Grace Jones "Portfolio" "Tomorrow" "Send in The Clowns" "What I Did For Love" 1977
•PL/AC The Sal Soul Orchestra "Magic Journey"(LP) 1977
•WC including the Grammy nominated single "Getaway" "Magic Bird of Fire" "Runaway"
•PL/AC The Sal Soul Orchestra (LP)
•WC "Disco Boogie " Super Hits For Nonstop Dancing " 1977
•PL/AC The Sal Soul Orchestra's Greatest Hits"(LP)
•WC "Music For Nonstop Dancing" Rereleased 1975, 1976, & 1978.
•PL/AC "Charo and The Sal Soul Orchestra" (LP) 1977
•WC "Dance A Little Bit Closer"
•PL/AC The Sal Soul Saturday Night Disco Party (LP) 1978
•PL Gordon Lowe "Follow The Sound"
•PL Monk Montgomery: "Reality" (LP) 1974
•PL William DeVaughn's 1974 album 'Be Thankful For What You Got'
•PL/AC M.F.S.B. "M.F.S.B." "Poinciana" "My One And Only Love"
•All M.F.S.B. (LP's) = Freddies Dead" "Philadelphia Freedom" "M.F.S.B. Summertime" "M.F.S.B. Universal Love" "Love is The Message"
•PL Dee Dee Sharp "Happy ‘bout The Whole Thing"
•N.B. All Sal Soul Orchestra Albums including any 1973 to Present compilations or variations.
•PL/AC The Sal Soul Orchestra "Anthology" (LP) 1995
•WC which including 15 original releases by Montana
•PL Teddy Pendegrass "This One's For You" (LP) 1980
•PL/AC Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes (LP) 1981 "All Things Happen in Time" PRODUCED FOR ATLANTIC RECORDS: 3 (LP's)
•PL/AC Montana "I Love Music" 1978
•WC/P "A Dance Fantasy Inspired By Close Encounters of The Third Kind" 1978
•Goody Goody (singles): "#1 Dee Jay" (US Billboard #82, 1978) and "It Looks Like Love" (1979)
•PL/AC Tito Puente and India (LP) Count Basie Orchestra 1996
•WC "To Be In Love" and "Love Me"
•PL/AC Mondo Groso (LP) "Closer" (Single) 1997
•PL/AC The Braxtons (LP) "The Boss" 1997
•PL/AC Randy Crawford (LP) "Wishing On a Star" 1997 "Bye Bye" "Johnny" "Changes" "Almaz"
•PL/AC Nuyorican Soul (LP) "Runaway", "Nautilus"
•WC "Sweet Tears" "I Am the Black Gold of the Sun" 1997 "Its Allright" vocals by Jocelyn Brown
•PL/AC Incognito (LP) Jocelyn Brown "Always There" 1997
Collaborations
A Brand New Me - Dusty Springfield (1970)
Wilson Pickett in Philadelphia - Wilson Pickett (1970)
Gonna Take a Miracle - Laura Nyro (1971)
To Know You Is to Love You - B.B. King (1973)
My Way - Major Harris (1974)
Friends - B.B. King (1974)
Tears on My Pillow - Johnny Nash (1975)
Jealousy - Major Harris (1976)
He's a Friend - Eddie Kendricks (1976)
Goin' Up in Smoke - Eddie Kendricks (1976)
Portfolio - Grace Jones (1977)
Loleatta - Loleatta Holloway (1977)
France Joli - France Joli (1979)
The Best Love - Jerry Butler (1980)
The Spirit's in It - Patti LaBelle (1981)
Changes - Keni Burke (1982)
This Christmas - Patti LaBelle (1990)
Every Kind of Mood: Randy, Randi, Randee - Randy Crawford (1997)
Nicole Renée - Nicole Renée (1998)
References
External links
Official Vince Montana Jr. Website At Philly Sound Works
Interview with Vince Montana Jr.
1928 births
2013 deaths
American bandleaders
American soul musicians
American disco musicians
American music arrangers
American people of Italian descent
Musicians from Philadelphia
Philadelphia International Records artists
American session musicians
MFSB members
Salsoul Orchestra members
American jazz vibraphonists
Sir Michael Morland (born 16 July 1929) is a retired British judge. He was a Justice of the High Court (Queen's Bench Division) from 1989 to 2004.
See also
Judiciary of England and Wales
References
External links
https://www.ukwhoswho.com/view/10.1093/ww/9780199540884.001.0001/ww-9780199540884-e-28116
Queen's Bench Division judges
Knights Bachelor
1929 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
CPH PIX is the result of the merging of the Copenhagen International Film Festival and the NatFilm Festival in 2008, which created the organisation Copenhagen Film Festivals. Copenhagen Film Festivals also manages the documentary festival CPH:DOX. The festival was founded by Jacob Neiiendam who administered the festival until the end of its 10th edition in 2018.
The first edition of CPH PIX was held in April 2009 with an audience of 36,500 - the largest crowd ever recorded for a film festival in Copenhagen at the time. Since its first edition the festival has grown in size to a total of 78,000 audiences in 2017.
In 2016 the festival merged with BUSTER Film Festival for Children and Youth, whereas the festival period also moved from April to October/November.
Until 2018 the festival lasted for two weeks with a packed program of more than 200 films from around the world, as well as 700 film related events and activities.
The festival has hosted seminars, educational workshops, artist talks, theatrical performances and film related concerts. Throughout the years well known artists such as John Carpenter, Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Jean-Michel Jarre, Tangerine Dream and Jóhann Jóhannsson have performed as part of the festival.
In 2018, the successful head of the documentary film festival CPH:DOX, Tine Fischer, was put in charge of CPH PIX. During her management the festival's format relaunced in a new compressed WEEKEND edition.
The first WEEKEND edition was held in 2019 with a strongly curated program consisting of 20 films in 4 days. With the new compressed edition of CPH PIX, the festival once again separated from BUSTER Film Festival for Children and Youth. In 2020, CPH PIX was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, CPH PIX returned with an expanded WEEKEND program consisting of 40 films spanning 5 days. The festival was held from 10-14 November with film screenings in both Copenhagen and Aarhus. At the festival, there were also visits from a number of leading film directors, including Mia Hansen-Løve and Eskil Vogt.
Festival programme
The following film sections are recurring in the program curated by the festival's program committee.
The Crystal Ball: The WEEKEND's international competition for feature film debutants. The winner of the Crystal Ball will be announced during the festival and will be awarded 5000 Euros.
The Human Touch: Selection of films that explore social relationships and human emotional life with striking clarity. Dedicated to those filmmakers who, with a simple aesthetic, appeal to our emotions and thoughts.
The Wild Side: Selection of films that challenge and expand the boundaries and possibilities of the medium. The selection explores both alternative environments and characters, as well as untamed experimental aesthetics.
Awards
Throughout time CPH PIX has awarded four different prizes;
New Talent Grand PIX has been the main award given to a debuting director. The winner has been selected by an international jury of industry professionals.
Politiken Talent Award has been given to a debuting director of a Danish feature film in collaboration with Politiken.
PIX Audience Award has been selected by audiences who have voted for their favorite among the nominated films.
BUSTER's Best Children's Film has been selected by a special children's jury. This award has been handed out since 2016 as part of BUSTER - the festival's program for kids, schools and families.
The festival currently awards one prize:
The Crystal Ball is the WEEKEND's international competition for feature film debutants. The winner of the Crystal Ball is selected by a jury consisting of industry professionals.
The previous winners of these awards are:
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic
2021
Gallery
References
External links
Official website: Winners of New Talent Grand PIX
55,000 admissions & PIX15 award winners
Film festivals in Denmark
Festivals in Copenhagen
Recurring events established in 2009
Film festivals established in 2008
Autumn events in Denmark
Närke, is a province in Central Sweden, which historically formed part of Svealand. The name of the province is partly derived from an old name for the people of the province, the Njarar (Njars) or Nerikjar (today Närkingar). The root nari, neri is cognate to English narrow and refers to the narrow inlets that characterized the geography, a tribe that is also mentioned in the lay of Völund (Weyland the Smith):
"When the Lord of the Njars, Nidud, heard
That Völund sat in Wolfdale alone,
He sent warriors forth: white their shield-bosses
In the waning moon, and their mail glittered."
- Translated by W. H. Auden and P. B. Taylor
The next source for Närke appears in Heimskringla by Snorri Sturluson, where we learn that Nerike had a king named Olof the Sharp-sighted whose granddaughter married king Ingjald ill-ruler, the king of Sweden. King Ingjald kills King Sporsnjall of Nerike, proclaiming himself the ruler of all of Sweden. When Ingjald is killed by Ivar Vidfamne, Ingjald's son Olof Trätälja settles in Närke with what remains of the House of Yngling and their loyal men. They are later chased away and have to settle in the wasteland of Värmland which they colonize.
A powerful man in Närke called Sigtryg received the Norwegian King Olaf the Holy 1028-1029 before Olaf's departure for Russia and its ruler Yaroslav I the Wise:
"It is to be related of King Olaf's journey, that he went first from Norway eastward through Eid forest to Vermaland, then to Vatnsby, and through the forests in which there are roads, until he came out in Nerike district. There dwelt a rich and powerful man in that part called Sigtryg, who had a son, Ivar, who afterwards became a distinguished person. Olaf stayed with Sigtryg all spring (A.D. 1029); and when summer came he made ready for a journey, procured a ship for himself, and without stopping went on to Russia to King Jarisleif and his queen Ingegerd"
According to local traditions Olaf baptized many locals and the well he used can be seen near Hallsberg in the parish of Hardemo.
Närke
The Italian Society of Medical and Interventional Radiology () is a medical association of Italian radiologists, consisting of about 11,000 members (in 2019).
External links
Official website
Radiology organizations
Interventional radiology
Medical and health organisations based in Italy
Kottayam Kolacase is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by T. E. Vasudevan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Adoor Bhasi and Sankaradi. It was released on 22 March 1967.
Plot
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Adoor Bhasi
Sankaradi
G. K. Pillai
Indira Priyadarsini
Kamaladevi
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Santha Devi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by B. A. Chidambaranath and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
1967 films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Steel Bridge Songfest ("Steel Bridge" for short) is an annual, four-day music festival held in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin. Founded in 2005 by musician Pat MacDonald the event began as part of a grass-roots campaign to restore a historic bridge. The festival features a week-long collaborative songwriting workshop (called the Construction Zone) where participants write songs inspired by the bridge. The songs are recorded on-site at the Holiday Music Motel and released as compilation albums. Steel Bridge Songs Vol.10 was released during Steel Bridge Songfest 10th Anniversary (2016)
History
The Michigan Street Bridge a.k.a. Sturgeon Bay Bridge (originally called "Memorial Bridge") is a multi-span Warren/Parker truss bridge built in 1929 and dedicated the following year. It connects Wisconsin State Highway 57 to the Third Avenue business district, carrying motor and foot traffic over the Sturgeon Bay Shipping Canal. The structure is a Door County landmark, and appears in the official logo of the city of Sturgeon Bay. Its rolling bascule lift spans are unique in the country, and in 2008 it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In 1995, continuous remote monitoring by Northwestern University's Infrastructure Technology Institute detected new cracks in the track casting, later confirmed by the Wisconsin Department of Transportation (WisDOT). Though the cracks were repaired, a 1997 Programmatic Agreement amongst the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (ACHP), and Wisconsin State Historic Preservation Officer (SHPO) determined that the bridge did not warrant preservation. In 1999, the FHWA began considering plans to demolish and replace the bridge.
It is during this time that Citizens For Our Bridge, a non-profit 501(c)(3), was founded as "S.O.B."s ("Save Our Bridge"). The group was formed by citizens opposed to the suggested destruction. Working together with ACHP and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, CFOB proposed a plan to rehabilitate the structure. To raise funds to carry out the plan, CFOB founder Christie Weber and her brother, musician Pat MacDonald, organized a small music festival. MacDonald enlisted the help of his longtime friend, singer/songwriter Jackson Browne, and Steel Bridge Songfest was born.
Participating musicians
A sampling of musicians who have lent their talents to Steel Bridge:
Chris Aaron Band (Madison, WI)
Jackson Browne (Santa Monica, CA)
Todd Carey (Chicago, IL)
Charlie Cheney (Sturgeon Bay, WI)
Kacy Crowley (Austin, TX)
The Dark Horse Project (Milwaukee, WI)
Victor DeLorenzo of the Violent Femmes (Milwaukee, WI)
Louise Goffin (Los Angeles, CA)
Dana Erlandson (Green Bay, WI)
Craig Greenberg (New York, NY)
Emiko (New York, NY)
James Hall (Atlanta, GA)
Freedy Johnston (Nashville, TN)
Jon Kanis (San Diego, CA)
Tarl Knight (Green Bay, WI)
Johnny Lowebow (Memphis, TN)
Pat MacDonald (Sturgeon Bay, WI)
Kim Manning of P-Funk (Los Angeles, CA)
Ellie Maybe (Madison, WI)
Eric McFadden (San Francisco, CA)
melaniejane (Milwaukee, WI)
Alex Mitchard (Madison, WI)
Liv Mueller (Austin, TX)
Kory Murphy (Green Bay, WI)
Bruce Reaves (South Bend, IN)
Dorothy Scott (New York, NY)
Brandon Seyferth (Chicago, IL)
Sigmund Snopek III of the Violent Femmes (Milwaukee, WI)
Jonathan Spottiswoode (New York, NY/London, UK)
Clyde Stubblefield (Madison, WI)
Victoria Vox (Baltimore, MD)
Jane Wiedlin of The Go-Go's (Los Angeles, CA)
Geri X (St. Petersburg, FL)
James McMurtry (Austin, TX)
References
Steel Bridge History & FAQ
A long backstory: how I came to stand behind an unaware Jackson Browne, joshd. Superstarcastic.com
Ed Huycke, 2007. 'Answering a friend's call', Door County Magazine Online
SBSF4 from Door County Scene, (Archived October 18, 2008)
Karen Klement, 2007. 'Sturgeon Bay: The Songwriting Capital of the World', Door County Daily News
WisDOT July 29, 2005. 'Michigan Street Bridge study history', (Archived September 29, 2006)
ACHP 2006. 'Completed Case: Sturgeon Bay Bridge Rehabilitation'. Advisory Council on Historic Preservation Case Digest, pp. 9–10. (Archived August 13, 2006)
Northwestern University Infrastructure Technology Institute, 2004. 'Continuous Remote Monitoring' (Somat Conference) (Archived May 9, 2008)
Stephanie Joy Smith, 2008. 'Who's News'. Preservation Magazine, National Trust for Historic Preservation.
Jon Kanis, 2013. 'Check Your Ego At The Door: Transformation And Rejuvenation At The Steel Bridge Songfest'. The San Diego Troubadour, (Archived March 5, 2016)
External links
Official site
Steel Bridge on MySpace
Steel Bridge Songs, Vol. 1 on iTunes
Tourist attractions in Door County, Wisconsin
Music festivals in Wisconsin
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Okada was born in Gunma Prefecture on December 30, 1978. After graduating from high school, he joined Japan Football League club Consadole Sapporo in 1997. Although he could hardly play in the match in 1997, the club won the 2nd place and was promoted to J1 League from 1998. In 1998, he could not play at all in the match and the club was relegated to J2 League from 1999. In 1999, he played only one match in Emperor's Cup and retired end of 1999 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Association football people from Gunma Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Japan Football League (1992–1998) players
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players
Association football midfielders
"Crush 'Em" is a song by American heavy metal band Megadeth and the lead single from their eighth studio album, Risk. It first appeared on the soundtrack to Universal Soldier: The Return in July 1999 and debuted as the third most added track on alternative rock stations on July 5. Intended as a hockey anthem, "Crush 'Em" has become associated with sporting events and was heavily promoted by World Championship Wrestling. The 2004 remastered edition of Risk includes the bonus track "Crush 'Em" (Jock Mix).
Overview
Like many tracks on Risk, "Crush 'Em" is a prime example of Megadeth's musical experimentation of the 1990s. It begins with an ominous techno beat (removed on to remaster) and disco bass line. This is soon followed by funk guitar riffs in between sets of lyrics. The song eventually culminates into a heavy metal pre-chorus and finally with chants of "Crush! ...Crush 'em!" As track #4 on Risk, it is preluded by "Enter the Arena," which foreshadows the chorus guitar riff and crowd chanting of "Crush 'Em." Regarding the song's style, frontman Dave Mustaine told MTV News, "We're going into an arena we've never been in before." He added, "I think the best part about it is, it's a good ass-whuppin' song. . . It's the kind of song I would imagine wanting to hear while I was beating somebody senseless."
"Crush 'Em" appeared on the compilations Capitol Punishment: The Megadeth Years and Warchest; however, it was not included on Greatest Hits: Back to the Start, by which the tracks were largely dictated through an online fan poll and is neither included on Anthology: Set the World Afire. However, Mustaine later went on to state that Crush ‘Em was one of the “dumbest songs they had ever written.”
WCW, NHL, and other sporting appearances
The producer/director of Universal Soldier: The Return initially wanted "Crush 'Em" for the film which stars Jean-Claude Van Damme and professional wrestler Bill Goldberg. Upon hearing the song, Goldberg, a big Megadeth fan, spoke with officials of his employer, World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and convinced them to have the band perform it live on the edition of July 5, 1999 of Monday Nitro. This also marked the return of Goldberg after a six-month absence; immediately after the song, he appeared out of a cloud of fog and announced "I'm baaack!" After the song, Nitro went off the air and the band played three more songs with the Nitro Girls dancing on stage with them. A VHS of the Nitro performance was later released. The song also became Goldberg's temporary entrance theme and was used in a video montage of his in-ring performances. This shortened version was included on WCW Mayhem: The Music along with his previous theme, "Invasion."
Mustaine, a black belt and fan of the NHL's Arizona Coyotes, has described "Crush 'Em" as Megadeth's official sports and wrestling anthem. He wrote the song primarily as a hockey theme and said that he was "sick of hearing Gary Glitter's 'Rock and Roll Part 2' every time someone scored a goal." Mustaine added, "I thought, 'maybe we can do something that is celebratory and inspiring.' So we did 'Crush 'Em,' which we also felt would be good for any sport." After offering the Coyotes severals songs that they declined to use, the band decided to give "Crush 'Em" directly to the NHL, which chose to use it on the JumboTron screens the following season. Aside from WCW and NHL appearances, "Crush 'Em" became a favorite in Major League Baseball and was requested for use by the NFL. It appeared on NHL 2Toronto: All Star Game Hits! in 2000, and the Tom Leykis radio show regularly uses portions of the song as transitional music.
The song was also used as the theme for the UFC video game released in 2000 for the Dreamcast and PlayStation.
Music video
The "Crush 'Em" video was shot in San Pedro, California in early June 1999. Directed by Len Wiseman, it was coincidentally filmed in the same Water & Power building as "Hangar 18," and the video bears a post-apocalyptic, industrial wasteland setting reminiscent of its predecessor. It is themed around Universal Soldier: The Return and features both Jean-Claude Van Damme and Bill Goldberg. The latter performer menacingly stands behind frontman Dave Mustaine and joins him in the chorus. "Crush 'Em" also serves as the opener to the Universal Soldier soundtrack which was released in July that same year. The video is not featured on the DVD Arsenal of Megadeth.
Track list
Crush 'Em (radio edit)
Crush 'Em (album version)
Charts
References
1999 singles
Megadeth songs
Songs written for films
Sporting songs
Songs written by Dave Mustaine
Songs written by Marty Friedman
1999 songs
Capitol Records singles
Song recordings produced by Dann Huff
American hard rock songs
Industrial rock songs
St Andrew's Church is a redundant Anglican church standing in an isolated position in fields about to the north of the village of Woodwalton (often Wood Walton) in Huntingdonshire, Cambridgeshire, England. It is about to the east of the East Coast Main Line and is visible from the passing trains. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. As of 2010 it is not regularly open to visitors because its foundations are moving and it is unsafe.
Early history
The church is recorded in the Domesday Book and at that time probably consisted of a nave without aisles and a chancel. The isolated position of the church is thought to be due to its central location between Woodwalton Castle, a motte and bailey castle to the north, Sawtry Abbey to the west and the village settlement to the south. A considerable part of the parish forms part of Woodwalton Fen. In about 1250 the south aisle was added, and in about 1330 the north aisle was added (or rebuilt) and the chancel was rebuilt. The tower is thought to date from the 14th century. In the 16th century the clerestory was added. The church was restored between 1856 and 1859 when the walls of the aisles, the tower and the porch were rebuilt and a vestry was added; the architect was Edward Browning of Stamford. The vestry was rebuilt in 1897, and the porch and part of the south aisle were rebuilt in 1906. In 1911 the vestry was modified to form the organ chamber.
Architecture
St Andrew's is constructed in coursed limestone rubble with limestone dressings, and has terracotta tiled roofs. Its plan consists of a four-bay nave with clerestory, north and south aisles, a chancel with an organ chamber to the north, a south porch, and a west tower. The tower is in three stages with diagonal buttresses and is surmounted by a battlemented parapet. In the lowest stage is a west door with a pointed arch over which is a window with ogee tracery. The middle stage has lancet windows and in the upper stage are two-light bell openings. The east window has three lights. The porch is gabled with an empty niche which once contained a statue of Saint Andrew.
Internally the arcades are in different styles, the south arcade being Early English while the north arcade is Perpendicular. The flooring is of 19th-century tiles. The font also dates from the 19th century and is in 15th-century style.
An original 14th-century stained glass window is on loan to the Stained Glass Museum in Ely Cathedral. This described as "one of the most delicate of all fourteenth-century windows in Cambridgeshire, showing St Catherine holding her wheel". The second light in the window depicts St Lawrence, depicted under a decorative canopy.
In the church are several monuments, the best of which are to the memory of the Hussey family, as are the 1874 tiles and the reredos. Under the chancel is the family vault, placed between the hypocaust system introduced in the 19th century. Also in the church are several early stone coffin lids.
The tower contains a ring of four bells. Two of these were cast by Joseph Eayre, one in 1764, the other bell being undated. The other two bells were cast in 1841 by Thomas Mears II of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry. As of 2010, because of the condition of the tower, it is not possible for the bells to be rung.
Recent history and present day
Over the years items and material have been stolen from the church. Lead was taken from the roofs in 1956 and 1964. Since the church was declared redundant it has suffered from vandalism, with much of the stained glass and other fittings and furniture being damaged.
After being declared redundant, the church was used as a major location in the 1984 TV film "And the Wall Came Tumbling Down", an episode of Hammer House of Mystery and Suspense (known as Fox Mystery Theater in the U.S.).
It has been passed into the care of the charity the Friends of Friendless Churches. The charity holds a 999-year lease with effect from 24 June 1979.
The church's foundations are moving due to defective drainage, with the tower and the body of the church settling at different rates. There is also serious cracking in the chancel. The church has been examined by a structural engineer and by an architect, and their reports have been used to support an application for a grant towards repairs. The church is on the Heritage at Risk Register. High-level repairs were completed to tower and roofs in 2013.
The organ made by the Casson Positive Company is no longer present; it has been given to St Barnabas' Church, Huntingdon.
A picture of the church appears on the cover of the book The Nation's Favourite Churches by Andrew Barr.
References
External links
Grade II* listed churches in Cambridgeshire
Churches preserved by the Friends of Friendless Churches
12th-century church buildings in England
13th-century church buildings in England
14th-century church buildings in England
16th-century Church of England church buildings
English Gothic architecture in Cambridgeshire
Redundant churches
Auguste van Biene (16 May 1849 – 23 January 1913) was a Dutch composer, cellist and actor. He became best known for his composition The Broken Melody, performed by the composer as part of a musical play of the same name.
Van Biene grew up in Rotterdam and displayed a musical interest as a youth. After some private studies with Adrien Francois Servais at the Brussels Conservatory he moved to London to seek work as a performer. Van Biene was discovered by Sir Michael Costa, who hired him to play the cello in his Covent Garden orchestra in November 1867, eventually promoting him to principal cellist.
In 1878 van Biene was a touring musical director for Richard D'Oyly Carte's Comedy Opera Company, and in the 1880s he conducted successful light operas and Victorian burlesques. By the 1880s he had also become a theatrical manager as well as an actor and playwright. As a cellist he was invited to be an examiner at the Royal Academy of Music in 1884. In 1892 he commissioned, wrote the score for, and starred in a musical play, the highly successful The Broken Melody, in which he toured for many years. He died on 23 January 1913 while on stage at the Brighton Hippodrome.
Early life and career
Van Biene was born Ezechiel van Biene, in Rotterdam, the son of an actor. His parents were Joseph Abraham van Biene and Eva (née van Norden). He showed a musical talent at an early age and studied the cello with Adrien Francois Servais at the Brussels Conservatory. In 1864 he began playing as a section cellist with the Rotterdam Opera House Orchestra. Three years later, when he was 18, he moved to London to seek work as a performer.
Van Biene found life as a young musician difficult, and he lived for several months in poverty, busking on street corners to pay for rent and food. His fortunes changed when Sir Michael Costa heard him performing on the street in Hanover Square. Costa was so impressed that he hired van Biene to play the cello in his Covent Garden orchestra in November 1867. Over the next 10 years, van Biene performed as the cellist for many different orchestras and eventually became the principal cellist in Costa's orchestra. He never forgot the help Costa had given him, and for the rest of his life he marked the anniversary of their first meeting by playing in the streets of London's West End, raising money for performers' charities.
Van Biene soon earned enough money to buy a cello from the Italian cellist Alfredo Piatti, which he used until 1905. He learnt to conduct and to direct theatre productions. In 1878 he succeeded Hamilton Clarke as musical director for Richard D'Oyly Carte's Comedy Opera Company in touring productions of The Sorcerer and H.M.S. Pinafore. Carte's former co-directors of the company mounted a rival version of H.M.S. Pinafore in London for which van Biene was the conductor, and which lasted 91 performances. He eventually formed his own opera company, and by the 1880s he had become a theatrical manager as well as an actor and playwright, writing and performing under the name "Henri Tempo". Among his successes as manager were provincial tours of English adaptations of light operas, such as Farnie and Chassaigne's Falka, and Victorian burlesques, such as Lutz, Sims and Pettitt's Faust up to Date and Carmen up to Data. As a cellist he was highly enough regarded to be invited to be an examiner at the Royal Academy of Music in 1884.
The Broken Melody and later years
In 1892 van Biene commissioned and composed incidental music for a three-act play called The Broken Melody by Herbert Keen and James T. Tanner. It was produced at the Prince of Wales's Theatre in July, with van Biene taking the lead role of a musician and playing his cello as part of the play. The Times commented, "[T]he combination of music and acting, with, it must be added, plenty of sentiment, proved irresistible to the public." The show was a huge success, and the tune at the core of the work (also called "The Broken Melody") was a particular hit; van Biene claimed to have performed the number in excess of 6,000 times over his career. He varied the pieces he played during the play every night to keep it fresh. Critics were complimentary and called him the "Magician of the Cello." He toured in The Broken Melody through Britain, the United States, South Africa and Australia.
Van Biene marked his return from a tour of America in 1897 by appearing at the Grand Theatre in Hull. A critic for the Hull Daily Mail wrote that the composer "throws his whole soul into the cello, and makes it speak with sweetness, plaintiveness, passion, and excess of sensitive humanity." In 1900 van Biene was awarded a prized Stradivarius cello by the theatrical manager Sir Henry Irving to mark van Biene's 2,000th performance of The Broken Melody. That same year he performed at a private function for the singer Adelina Patti at Craig-y-Nos Castle, again to mark his 2,000th performance. In 1912 van Biene offered a prize for a new piece to complement The Broken Melody. The winner was Albert Ketèlbey, whose work The Phantom Melody became his first major success.
Van Biene died on 23 January 1913 while on stage at the Brighton Hippodrome, playing the cello in the play "The Master Musician", with his son conducting the orchestra. Van Biene was buried in Golders Green Jewish cemetery in London, where among the mourners was the cellist and editor W. H. Squire. Van Biene's epitaph read: "The melody is broken, I shall never write again." (from Act 3 of The Broken Melody).
Recordings
Van Biene made two recordings of The Broken Melody, in 1908 and 1912. Other cellists who recorded the work include John Barbirolli, Beatrice Harrison, Cedric Sharpe and W. H. Squire. Van Biene's only other known recording of his own music is his arrangement of the Jewish prayer Kol Nidre, made in about 1908, with an unidentified pianist. His recordings of works by other composers include Elgar's Salut d'Amour (1907) and Ketèlbey's The Phantom Melody (1912).
Notes
References
1849 births
1913 deaths
19th-century Dutch male actors
Dutch cellists
Dutch composers
Dutch Jews
Jewish composers
Light music composers
Musicians from Rotterdam
Royal Conservatory of Brussels alumni
Musicians who died on stage
Burials at Golders Green Jewish Cemetery
Enrique Carrión Olivares (Santiago de Cuba, 11 October 1967) is a Cuban amateur boxer best known to win the 1989 World Amateur Boxing Championships at bantamweight.
He won the 1989 final against Bulgarian Serafim Todorov who beat him in 1991 and at featherweight in 1993.
He didn't participate in the 1992 Olympics, where his replacement was future professional world champion Joel Casamayor, who secured the gold medal for Cuba.
References
External links
1989 World Boxing Championships
1991 World Boxing Championships
1993 World Boxing Championships
1967 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santiago de Cuba
Bantamweight boxers
Featherweight boxers
Boxers at the 1991 Pan American Games
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
Cuban male boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Pan American Games medalists in boxing
Central American and Caribbean Games gold medalists for Cuba
Competitors at the 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 1998 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in boxing
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
20th-century Cuban people
21st-century Cuban people
If 60's Were 90's is an album by techno-dance band Beautiful People featuring numerous samples from Jimi Hendrix songs. It spawned the hits "Rilly Groovy," which reached number three on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart and the title track "If 60's Were 90's", which reached number 74 on the UK Singles Chart and number five on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart.
Critical reception
The Los Angeles Times called it an "inspired piece of grave-digging".
Track listing
All songs written by Du Kane and Luke Baldry.
References
1994 debut albums
Sire Records albums
RCA Records albums
Jimi Hendrix
Continuum Records albums
Double deviance theory states, "women are treated more harshly [than men] by the criminal justice system... because they are guilty of being doubly deviant. They have deviated from accepted social norms by breaking the law and deviated from gender norms which state how woman should behave."
The idea of double deviance was first introduced by feminist sociologist and criminologist Frances Heidensohn in her paper The deviance of women: a critique and an enquiry, published by the British Journal of Sociology in 1968.
Evidence
In 1987, Janet B. Johnston, Thomas D. Kennedy, and I. Gayle Shuman published a study that determined that women were more likely than men to be incarcerated for robbery and assault, but less likely than men to be incarcerated for property crimes. This phenomenon was concluded to be caused by the fact that women who committed more violent crimes were deemed to have violated gender-role stereotypes.
In 2015, a study by Rob Tillyer, Richard D. Hartley, and Jeffery T. Ward found that if a woman had a limited criminal history and had overall remained in accordance with the ideal image of a woman, then she would receive a more lenient sentence. However, if it was determined that a woman had broken the law and societal norms, she would be punished more harshly than men who were charged with the same crime.
In 2012, Barbara A. Koons-Witt, Eric L. Sevigny, John D. Burrow, and Rhys Hester conducted a study that found that women with extensive criminal histories were not extended the same leniency in the criminal justice system compared to women with limited or no criminal history. Additionally, it was concluded that the women with long criminal histories are often sentenced at the same level as men.
In 2018, Melinda Tasca, Ahram Cho, Cassia Spohn, and Nancy Rodriguez analyzed how parental status affected those being sentenced. Results showed that mothers were more likely than fathers to receive longer sentences. This disparity was attributed to the fact that mothers, who are often seen as the primary caregivers, had broken the traditional gender role of women by committing a crime when their focus was supposed to be on caring for one's family.
See also
Sex differences in crime
References
External links
The deviance of women: a critique and an enquiry
Gender Differences and Sentencing: A Critical Literature Review
Criminal psychology
The Kendall Rocks () are a group of pillar-shaped rocks, lying north of Tower Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica. The name "Kendall Group" appears northwest of this position on a chart based upon work by a British expedition under Commander Henry Foster, Royal Navy, 1828–31, but it was later found that no islands exist there. The name Kendall Rocks has subsequently been applied to these pillar-shaped rocks discovered in 1838 by a French expedition under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville. They are named for Lieutenant E.N. Kendall of Foster's expedition ship, the Chanticleer.
References
Rock formations of the Palmer Archipelago
Andhirikan (English: darkness) is a 2020 Maldivian romantic drama film directed by Ali Seezan. Produced by Seezan and Abdulla Shiwaz under S Productions and Maskey Studio, the film stars Seezan, Aminath Rishfa and Sheela Najeeb in pivotal roles.
Premise
Nihan (Ali Seezan), happily married to Aroosha (Sheela Najeeb) manages his own business and is expecting their first child after two miscarriages. However, another miscarriage and the news that she can no longer conceive leads to an emotional despair. Nihan's childhood friend, Leeza keeps providing them with the emotional support and assistance while trying to move on from her complicated relationship with Hashim (Ahmed Saeed). Meanwhile, Leeza's manipulative aunt, Fareedha (Mariyam Shakeela) grasps the opportunity to convince Aroosha to accept Leeza as the second husband of Nihan. However, things take an unexpected turn, when Leeza takes control of their marriage and Nihan prioritizes Leeza over Aroosha.
Cast
Ali Seezan as Nihan
Aminath Rishfa as Leeza
Sheela Najeeb as Aroosha
Mohamed Rasheed as Faththaah; Nihan's father
Mariyam Shakeela as Fareedha
Ahmed Saeed as Hashim
Zeenath Abbas as Athika
Aminath Nisha Rasheed as Aroosha's friend
Development
The project was announced in August 2019 as Seezan's next directorial venture after Vafaatheri Kehiveriya (2016). Filming commenced on 23 August 2019 in M. Maduvvaree. Shooting was completed on 10 October 2019, about two weeks prior to the initially announced release date. A week after the ticket sales for the film kick-off, the mastering file becomes corrupted, which delayed the post production of the film for months.
Soundtrack
Release
On 19 September 2019, a teaser trailer of Andhirikan was released, announcing the premiere date as 22 October 2019. On 15 October 2019, a week prior to its release date, the production team announced that the film release is delayed indefinitely due to a "corrupted file" in post production. The official trailer of the film was revealed on 1 February 2020, while announcing the release date of film as 4 March 2020. After four shows of the film were screened, it was pulled from the theater due to COVID-19 pandemic.
References
External links
2020 films
Maldivian romantic drama films
Films directed by Ali Seezan
Tennant Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Washington. Hovander Homestead Park encompasses the southwest corner of this lake, while the remainder of the lake is in the Tennant Lake Wildlife Area Unit, owned and managed by the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife. Tennant Lake is an 80-acre, shallow, peat-bog lake, and hosts a variety of birds and mammals.
Tennant Lake was named after John Tennant, an early settler.
See also
List of lakes in Washington
References
Lakes of Whatcom County, Washington
Lakes of Washington (state)
Vedder Vedder Bedwetter is the third studio album by To Live and Shave in L.A., released on May 16, 1995 by Fifth Colvmn Records. It is recognized by critics as a particularly "harsh" entry in the noise music genre.
Music
Vocalist Tom Smith spent the free time he had during the recording sessions of 30-minuten männercreme to mix the album, while Frank Falestra continued to record his own parts for their debut. The album included sessions taped with Don Fleming at Waterworks in NYC, radio and live performances recording during the band's 1996 tour that featured accompaniment by Weasel Walter and Nándor Névai and their own live performances without collaborators. Smith attributes being inexperienced as a recording technician and said:
Release and reception
Sonic Boom was thoroughly negative towards the band and their music, saying "the feedback coupled with the screaming vocals of which not a single intelligible word can be understood lacks any enticement that would allow for the establishment of a fan base." Despite reserved expectations, Jeff Bagato at Washington City Paper mostly enjoyed the album while noting the "impenetrable" nature of the music's noise genre.
Composers Frank Falestra and Tom Smith share opposing views of the album, with Falestra holding that it represents a strong point in the band's career while Smith describes it as "oafish bluster" and considers it the band's worst work. Writer Andrew Earles accused the work of not being "biting" or modern despite the intention to illustrate such in artist's name and album titles. The Flying Luttenbachers bandleader Weasel Walter, guitar, tenor saxophone, trombone, has also expressed his dissatisfaction with the end result.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Vedder Vedder Bedwetter liner notes.
To Live and Shave in L.A.
Frank Falestra (as Rat Bastard) – bass guitar, engineering (1-5, 7, 9, 10, 12, 13, 15, 17, 18, 20, 23, 24, 26, 27, 29, 30, 33)
Bill Orcutt – guitar (1, 3, 4, 9, 12, 17, 23, 26, 29)
Tom Smith – lead vocals, electronics, production, recording and engineering (1-5, 7, 9, 10, 12, 13, 15, 17, 18, 20, 23, 24, 26, 27, 29, 30, 33)
Additional performers
Don Fleming – guitar and backing vocals (22)
Ned Hayden – alto saxophone (11)
Jared Hendrickson – guitar (6, 11, 14, 19, 25, 28, 31, 32), backing vocals (19)
Nándor Névai – trombone (8), guitar (10)
Weasel Walter – guitar (4, 6, 7, 10), tenor saxophone (8, 34), trombone (34)
Ben Wolcott – effects
Production and design
Greg Chapman – liner notes
Zalman Fishman – executive-production
Syd – illustrations
Greg Talenfeld – engineering, recording and mixing (6, 11, 14, 16, 19, 22, 25, 28, 31)
Release history
References
External links
Vedder Vedder Bedwetter at Bandcamp
Vedder Vedder Bedwetter at Discogs (list of releases)
1995 albums
To Live and Shave in L.A. albums
Fifth Colvmn Records albums
Brazilian Uruguayans are people born in Brazil who live in Uruguay, or Uruguayan-born people of Brazilian descent.
History
Many Brazilian-born people live in Uruguay, for a number of reasons. Above all, the frontier, which is one of the most permeable in the world; the neighboring cities of Rivera and Santana do Livramento, as a matter of fact, function closely as if they were a single big city. Then the languages spoken in both countries are mutually intelligible, with a hybrid variant, the Riverense Portuñol language. Historical reasons are also important: when the Southern Cone was disputed between the Spanish and Portuguese empires, a good portion of the territory of modern Uruguay changed hands several times. And, shortly before Uruguay was born as an independent nation, it was annexed to Brazil with the name of Cisplatine Province. Last, but not least, slavery was early abolished in Uruguay but persisted in Brazil for decades to come, so many Afro-Brazilian slaves escaped to Uruguay.
Present
The 2011 Uruguayan census revealed 12,882 people who declared Brazil as their country of birth. As of 2013, there are over 1,600 Brazilian workers registered in the Uruguayan social security. Among schoolchildren born abroad, Brazilians are one of the most important groups, among 62 countries that are represented in Uruguayan schools.
Well-off Brazilians are increasingly choosing the international seaside resort Punta del Este to spend their summer holidays, some of them even as permanent residence.
There is a Uruguayan-Brazilian Cultural Institute in the center of Montevideo.
Notable people
Past
Irineu Evangelista de Sousa (1813-1889), locally known as Baron of Mauá, Brazilian businessman and banker
Aparicio Saravia (1856-1904), political leader, born in Uruguay to Brazilian parents
Present
André Nunes (born 1984), Brazilian footballer in Cerro Largo
Fabián Coelho (born 1977), footballer
Felipe Carvalho (born 1993), footballer
Carlos Diogo (born 1983), footballer
Víctor Diogo (born 1958), footballer
Ronald Araújo (born 1999), footballer for FC Barcelona
See also
Brazil–Uruguay relations
Uruguayan immigration to Brazil
References
Immigration to Uruguay
Ethnic groups in Uruguay
Uruguay
Ágúst Friðrik Hauksson (born 11 September 1960) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a defender. He won one cap for the Iceland national football team. Ágúst made his only appearance for his country in the 4–1 win against Greenland, coming on as a substitute for Trausti Haraldsson.
References
Ágúst Friðrik Hauksson international appearances at ksi.is
1960 births
Living people
Agust Hauksson
Association football defenders
Agust Hauksson
Agust Hauksson
Agust Hauksson
Agust Hauksson
Tyler Carlton Weir (born 21 December 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays for Evesham United.
Career
Born in Hereford, Herefordshire, he signed a deal with his hometown club Hereford United in Football League Two at the beginning of May 2009. He made his debut for the club in a home defeat to Milton Keynes Dons in the southern section semi-final of the Football League Trophy. On 28 February 2011 he signed for Gloucester City on loan for a month where he scored his first senior goal against Stafford Rangers. After an impressive first month the loan was extended to cover the rest of the season. His form with the Tigers earned him a new one-year contract with the Bulls to keep him at the club for the 2011/2012 season. He re-joined Gloucester City on a months loan in August 2011 in order to provide cover for injuries within the Tigers squad, this was later extended until January where he then joined league rivals Worcester City until the end of the season.
In February 2016, Weir was handed a six-month suspension by The Football Association, of which four-months where suspended until 1 July 2018, for failing to immediately report an "approach by a third party related to seeking to influence the outcome or conduct of a match or competition". The FA also stated, "It is important to note that the three players were not involved in any attempt to fix matches and did not accept monies or gifts".
In the summer 2019, Weir joined Evesham United, but soon left and has been with Newent Town since then. n
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Hereford
English footballers
Hereford United F.C. players
Gloucester City A.F.C. players
Worcester City F.C. players
Hednesford Town F.C. players
Halesowen Town F.C. players
Evesham United F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football midfielders
20th-century English people
21st-century English people
Roger Bartra Murià (born November 7, 1942 in Mexico City) is a Mexican sociologist and anthropologist, recognized as one of the most important contemporary social scientists of Latin America.
Bartra, son of Spanish Civil War refugee writer Agustí Bartra and Anna Murià, is well known for his work on Mexican identity in The Cage of Melancholy. Identity and Metamorphosis in the Mexican Character, his social theory on The Imaginary Networks of Political Power and, recently, for his anthropo-clinical theory of the “exocerebro” (exo-brain), that argues that the brain is partly constructed by its “cultural prostheses”, external socio-cultural elements that complete it.
Trained as an anthropologist in Mexico, Bartra earned his doctorate in sociology at La Sorbonne and he is an Emeritus Researcher at Mexico´s National Autonomous University, where he has worked since 1971; in 1985 he was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship. He is also Honorary Research Fellow at the Birkbeck College of the University of London.
Bibliography in English
2018. Angels in Mourning: Sublime Madness, Ennui and Melancholy in Modern Thought, Reaktion Books, London.
2014. Anthropology of the Brain. Consciousness, Culture and Free will, Cambridge University Press, United Kingdom.
2013. The Mexican Transition. Politics, Culture, and Democracy in the Twenty-First Century, Iberian and Latin American Studies series, University of Wales Press, Cardiff.
2012. The Imaginary Networks of Political Power. A new revised and expanded edition, La Jaula Abierta/Fondo de Cultura Económica, Mexico.
2008. Melancholy and Culture: Diseases of the Soul in Golden Age Spain, Iberian and Latin American Studies series, University of Wales Press, Cardiff.
2002. Blood, Ink, and Culture: Miseries and Splendors of the Post-Mexican Condition, Duke University Press, Durham.
1997. The Artificial Savage. Modern Myths of the Wild Man, Michigan University Press, Ann Arbor.
1994. Wild Men in the Looking Glass. The Mythic Origins of European Otherness, Michigan University Press, Ann Arbor.
1993. Agrarian Structure and Political Power in Mexico, Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore.
1992b. The Cage of Melancholy. Identity and Metamorphosis in the Mexican Character, Rutgers University Press, New Brunswick.
1992a. The Imaginary Networks of Political Power, Rutgers University Press, New Brunswick.
Notes
References
English:
Roger Bartra at CCCB
Interview at Barcelona Metropolis Magazine
Guadalajara International Book Fair Honors Roger Bartra
Melancholy and Culture
Spanish:
Roger Bartra at the site of the National Cultural Journalism Homage
Interview with Roger Bartra on melancholy and culture, Barcelona Metrópolis, 2011.
Biography at Fractal magazine
La jaula abierta. Roger Bartra's blog at Letras Libres.
1942 births
Living people
Mexican sociologists
Mexican anthropologists
Mexican male writers
Writers from Mexico City
Mexican people of Catalan descent
National Autonomous University of Mexico alumni
Mayor Nair is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by S. R. Puttanna and produced by P. A. Thangal. The film stars Adoor Bhasi, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, Balu and Ramesh. The film had musical score by L. P. R. Varma. It is an adaptation of Thomas Hardy's 1886 novel The Mayor of Casterbridge.
Plot
Cast
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Balu
Ramesh
Kalpana
Kamaladevi
Kerala Gopi
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Meena
P. A. Thangal
Santha Devi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by L. P. R. Varma and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films based on The Mayor of Casterbridge
Results from the 1994 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three held at Monte Carlo on May 14, 1994, in the Circuit de Monaco.
Classification
Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three
Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three
Motorsport in Monaco
Sun Moon Lake (; Thao: Zintun) is a lake in Yuchi Township, Nantou County, Taiwan. It is the largest body of water in Taiwan. The area around the lake is home to the Thao tribe, one of aboriginal tribes of Taiwan. Sun Moon Lake surrounds a tiny island called Lalu. The east side of the lake resembles a sun while the west side resembles a moon, hence the name.
Sun Moon Lake is located above sea level. It is deep and has a surface area of approximately . The area surrounding the lake has many trails for hiking.
While swimming in Sun Moon Lake is usually not permitted, there is an annual 3-km race called the Swimming Carnival of Sun Moon Lake held around the Mid-Autumn Festival each year. The Sun Moon Lake Swimming Carnival was launched in 1983 and is listed among the Top 50 Open Water Swims in Asia and the Top 100 Open Water Swims of the World. Everyone over 10 years old and with the ability to swim long distances can join, regardless of nationality. In recent years, the participants have numbered in the tens of thousands. Other festivities held at the same time include fireworks, laser shows, and concerts.
The lake and its surrounding countryside have been designated one of thirteen national scenic areas in Taiwan. Wen Wu Temple was built after rising water levels from building a dam forced several smaller temples to be removed. Tzu-En Pagoda () was ordered constructed by late President Chiang Kai-shek in 1971 in memory of his mother. Other temples of note include Jianjing Temple, Syuentzang Temple () and Syuanguang Temple ().
History
In older English literature, it was commonly referred to as Lake Candidius after the 17th century Dutch missionary Georgius Candidius. In the middle of the lake is the Lalu Island, which is considered holy ground by the Thao tribe. In legend, Thao hunters discovered Sun Moon Lake while chasing a white deer through the surrounding mountains. The deer eventually led them to the lake, which they found to be not only beautiful, but abundant with fish. Today, the white deer of legends is immortalized as a marble statue on Lalu Island.
Under Japanese rule, the island was renamed . After Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalist Government moved to Taiwan, the island was renamed Kwanghwa Island () and in 1978 the local government built a pavilion where annual weddings took place. In 1999, the 921 earthquake destroyed the pavilion and sank most of the island. In recent years, due to increasing social and political awareness, more deference and recognition are being given to Taiwanese aborigines. As a result, after the 921 earthquake, the island was renamed in the Thao language as "Lalu".
Several hydroelectric power plants have been built in the Sun Moon Lake since 1919, including Mingtan Pumped Storage Hydro Power Plant and Minhu Pumped Storage Hydro Power Station. When the first hydroelectric plant was finished in 1934, it was considered to be one of the most important infrastructure constructions of the time. Wujie Dam, also completed in 1934, diverts water from the Zhuoshui River to increase hydroelectric generation at the lake. The Jiji Line railroad was built to facilitate the construction.
Transportation
There are three ferry piers on the lake to serve ferries on the lake; they are Shuishe Pier, Xuanguang Pier and Ita Thao Pier. There is also a local bus service that goes around the lake with stops at major points along the perimeter of the lake.
The lake is accessible by bus from Taichung HSR station or Taichung TRA station. It is also accessible by bus from near Checheng railway station on the Jiji branch line.
The Sun Moon Lake Ropeway, located at the edge of the lake, connects it with the Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village.
Wildlife
The lake is a productive aquatic ecosystem. Introduced giant snakehead pose a challenge to the ecological balance of the lake and are a threat to native fish and shrimp species. The Nantou County Bureau of Agricultural Affairs has in place an eradication program for the species which attempts to electrofish schools of juvenile fish.
PRC passport
The depiction of Sun Moon Lake is featured in the newly-issued People's Republic of China passport in 2012, a move that has triggered protest from Taipei to Beijing.
See also
Mingtan Dam
Xuanzang Temple
Sun Moon Lake Wen Wu Temple
List of tourist attractions in Taiwan
References
External links
Sun Moon Lake website
Lakes of Taiwan
Landforms of Nantou County
Tourist attractions in Nantou County
National scenic areas of Taiwan
Susanna "Suski" Tapani (born 2 March 1993) is a Finnish multi-sport elite athlete who competes in ice hockey, ringette, and in-line hockey. She is a member of the Finnish national ice hockey team and Finnish national ringette team.
Tapani is the subject of a Finnish documentary, ('Icebreaker'), which follows her life as she competes in elite ringette, ice hockey, and in-line hockey from 2015 to 2019.
Ice hockey career
Tapani has played ice hockey in the Naisten Liiga with TPS Naiset, Lukko Naiset, Espoo Blues Naiset, and HPK Kiekkonaiset; in the Swedish Women's Hockey League (SDHL) with Linköping HC Dam; and with the North Dakota Fighting Hawks women's ice hockey program during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season.
Tapani trained with a number of men's professional ice hockey players during the extended pause between the 2019–20 and 2020–21 seasons due to COVID-19. Under the direction of Ismo Lehkonen, the group – which included NHLers Kaapo Kakko, Artturi Lehkonen, Mikko Rantanen, and Rasmus Ristolainen, and a number of Liiga players – trained on ice together for two hours a day. Jonne Virtanen, long-time Liiga player and member of the training group, noted that Tapani's strength and toughness would be well suited to a style of play that permitted checking and enthused, "Suski is the best female player that I have ever seen."
During the 2019–20 and 2020–21 seasons, Tapani played with the TPS Juniorijääkiekko men's under-18 (U18) team, known as TPS U18 Akatemia, of the U18 Mestis/U18 Suomi-sarja until scheduling conflicts forced her to choose between ringette and ice hockey in November 2020. When it became clear that the TPS U18 Akatemia was unable or unwilling to alter its schedule to accommodate Tapani, she chose to leave the team and continue playing ringette with RNK Raisio of the Finnish Championship ringette league, the Ringeten SM-sarja, which is the ringette team she captains. Regarding the situation, Tapani stated, "I'm not commenting on the discussions [with TPS] or the way this came to be, but combining the two sports didn't fit when there were too many overlapping games."
She played professional ice hockey in the Russian Zhenskaya Hockey League (ZhHL) with the KRS Vanke Rays during the later part of the 2021–22 ZhHL season.
International play
Tapani made three appearances with the Finnish women's national under-18 ice hockey team at the IIHF Women's World U18 Championship, in 2009, 2010, and 2011, winning a bronze medal at the 2011 tournament.
As of 2020, Tapani ranks sixth in all-time points scored with the Finnish women's national team, tallying 75 goals and 72 assists for 147 points in 179 top division matches. She has represented Finland at every IIHF Women's World Championship since 2011, except the 2016 tournament. At the 2017 IIHF Women's World Championship, she was Finland's leading scorer and ranked fifth for scoring in the tournament overall with 3 goals and 6 assists for 9 points in 5 games.
Tapani has also competed with the Finnish national team at the Winter Olympic Games, debuting in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. Though Finland suffered their worst Olympic placement in team history, finishing in fifth place, Tapani saw individual success and tied teammate Riikka Välilä for third rank on the Finnish scoring list, with 1 goal and 4 assists for 5 points in six games. In the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, Finland won bronze and Tapani finished fourth in the team's scoring ranks, with 2 goals and 3 assists for 5 points in six games. The women's ice hockey tournament at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing saw Tapani take another step in offensive production, ranking first on the team in scoring with 6 goals and 2 assists for 8 points in seven games, and leading Finland to another bronze medal victory.
In 2021, Finnish national ice hockey team head coach Pasi Mustonen called Tapani the team's best forward among a roster which also included internationally recognized forwards Michelle Karvinen and Petra Nieminen.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Note: Italics indicate postseason relegation series; statistics not included in playoff totals.
International
Source:
Ringette career
Tapani began playing ringette as a child has served as captain of the Raision Nuorisokiekko (RNK) Flyers ringette team in the Ringeten SM-sarja (RSMs), Finland's semi-professional level for ringette players which also serves as the top ringette league in Finland. The league is now called SM Ringette.
International play
Tapani played ringette for Team Finland Junior at the 2009 World Junior Ringette Championships (U19) and the 2012 World Junior Ringette Championships. She has also played for Team Finland Senior at the World Ringette Championships in 2010, 2016, 2017, and 2019, winning gold at each tournament.
4x winner of World Ringette Championship titles and the Sam Jacks Trophy
Winning team at the first World Junior Ringette Championships (U19)
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Laitila
Finnish women's ice hockey forwards
Ringette players
Shenzhen KRS Vanke Rays players
Linköping HC Dam players
TPS Naiset players
Lukko Naiset players
Espoo Blues Naiset players
HPK Kiekkonaiset players
North Dakota Fighting Hawks women's ice hockey players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Russia
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Sportspeople from Southwest Finland
Two human polls comprised the 1959 NCAA University Division football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on December 7, at the end of the 1959 regular season, weeks before the major bowls.
Final Coaches' poll
The final UPI Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games, on December 8.
Syracuse received 31 of the 35 first-place votes; Mississippi received three and Washington one.
Source:
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and AAWU (later Pac-8) conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954.
References
College football rankings
An Jung-hyun (born 30 November 1983) is a South Korean former short track speed skater. He won a gold medal in 5000 m relay race at the 2002 World Championships.
He had also several successes at the World Cup. His first podium came during the 1998–99 World Cup when he won 3000 m race in Zoetermeer.
1998/1999 ISU World Cup Zoetermeer 3000M 1
2000/2001 ISU World Cup Trnava 3000m 1
2000/2001 ISU World Cup Nobeyama 5000m Relay 1
2000/2001 ISU World Cup Trnava Overall 3
References
Personal Bio
1983 births
Living people
South Korean male short track speed skaters
World Short Track Speed Skating Championships medalists
Sixtus O'Connor (March 15, 1909, Oxford, New York – July 10, 1983, Loudonville, New York) was an American priest and served as pastor during the Nuremberg Trials to Catholic prison inmates.
Richard James O'Connor was one of seven children of John O'Connor and Elizabeth Ann Cooke. He originally learned German from his mother. O'Connor attended St. Bonaventure College in Allegany, New York and on 19 August 1929 he entered the Franciscan Order in Patterson, New York, making his temporal vows in 1930 and his solemn vows in 1933.
He earned his bachelor's and master's degrees at St. Bonaventure University. On 12 June 1934 he was ordained a priest and took the name "Sixtus". From 1934, he also studied philosophy in Germany at the Universities of Munich and Bonn until the Second World War forced him to return to the US. From 1939 to 1943, he held a job as a special professor of philosophy at Siena College in Loudonville, New York.
In 1943, he was military chaplain for the 11th Armored Division of the 3rd Army under General George S. Patton. Later in the war, he served the 1st Infantry in the same function.
After the war, O'Connor was charged, together with the Lutheran minister Henry F. Gerecke, with the pastoral care of the prisoners of the Nuremberg War Crimes Trial, because he spoke fluent German from his years of study in Germany. Several prisoners under the influence of O'Connor returned to the Catholic faith, the most famous example being Hans Frank. On 16 October 1946, he assisted as chaplain at the execution of 10 war criminals, including Frank.
In his role as a prison chaplain,O'Connor was popular and willing to bend the rules for reasons including that of helping prisoners contact their families.
After serving the Nuremberg prisoners, O'Connor returned to St. Bonaventure College and taught philosophy and German there from 1947 to 1950. The following year, he was a guardian and taught philosophy at St. Stephen's, in Croghan, New York. From 1953, he was a professor at Siena College, in New York. There, he was from 1963 to 1964 chairman of the philosophy department and from 1956 to 1964 vice president of the college. He was vicar of the school's monastery.
In his religious life, he first bore the name Sixtus O'Connor (as during the Nuremberg Trials) andfrom 1968 onward that of Richard J. O'Connor. He had left nothing in writing about his activities in Nuremberg.
O'Connor died on 10 July 1983, aged 74. He was buried at St. Agnes Cemetery, in Menands, New York.
Memberships
Catholic Philosophy Association
Society of Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy
ROTC (Reserve Officer Training Corps) Scholarship Committee
References
Sources
Obituary, hnp.org; accessed August 27, 2016.
↑ For the U.S. side: Prison Commandant Burten C. Andrus cited in: William J. Hourihan: U.S. Army Chaplain Ministry to German War Criminals at Nuremberg, 1945-1946. Online, pg. 6 (PDF; 151 kB)
↑ For the German side: Prison inmate F.X. Schwarz (former Nazi treasurer), cited in John E. Dolibois: Pattern of Circles: An Ambassador's Story. p. 167.
1909 births
1983 deaths
American expatriates in Germany
Nuremberg trials
World War II chaplains
United States Army chaplains
St. Bonaventure University alumni
People from Oxford, New York
Siena College faculty
Catholics from New York (state)
20th-century American Roman Catholic priests
NGC 7051 is a barred spiral galaxy located about 100 million light-years away in the constellation of Aquarius. It was discovered by astronomer John Herschel on July 30, 1827.
On June 18, 2002 a type II supernova designated as SN 2002dq was discovered in NGC 7051.
See also
NGC 7042
References
External links
Barred spiral galaxies
Aquarius (constellation)
7051
66566
Astronomical objects discovered in 1827
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
English poet Matthew Prior, while a secretary in the English embassy in France (since 1697), mentions in letters that he has been dining with Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux, a critic and poet (greatly admired in England for his verse) whose poems Prior had lampooned in 1695 and would again satirize in 1704. "Boileau says I have more genius than all the academy," Prior wrote to Edward Villiers, 1st Earl of Jersey in July. Villiers replied, "If you don't come quickly away, Boileau and that flattering country will spoil you." In his 1704 satire, Prior wrote:
[...] Old friend, old foe, for such we are
Alternate, as the chance of peace and war)
Works
Samuel Garth, The Dispensary
Johns Hopkins, Milton's Paradise Lost imitated in Rhyme. In the Fourth, Sixth, and Ninth Books: Containing the Primitive Loves. The Battel of the Angels. The Fall of Man
Thomas Hansen Kingo, Psalmebog, with 85 of his own compositions; still used in some parts of Denmark and Norway
Thomas Traherne, A Serious and Pathetical Contemplation of the Mercies of God
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
April 13 – Alexander Ross (died 1784), Scottish poet
April 17 – Robert Blair (died 1746), Scottish poet
August 13 (bapt.) – John Dyer (died 1757), Anglo-Welsh poet
Mirza Mazhar Jan-e-Janaan (died 1781), Indian, Urdu-language poet
Christopher Pitt (died 1748), English poet and translator
Approximate date – Leonard Howard (died 1767), English clergyman and "poet laureate in the King's Bench"
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
April 22 – Hans Erasmus Aßmann (born 1646), German noble, statesman and poet
November 23 – Joseph Beaumont (born 1616), English clergyman, academic and poet
See also
List of years in poetry
List of years in literature
17th century in poetry
17th century in literature
Poetry
Notes
External links
"A Timeline of Poetry in English" at the Representative Poetry Online website of the University of Toronto
17th-century poetry
Poetry
Stephen John Byers (born 13 April 1953) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wallsend between 1992 and 1997, and North Tyneside from 1997 to 2010. He was implicated in the MP expenses scandal and retired from politics in 2010.
During Byers' ministerial career, he was Chief Secretary to the Treasury, Secretary of State for Trade and Industry, and Secretary of State for Transport, Local Government and the Regions in the Cabinet.
Early career
Stephen Byers was born in Wolverhampton. He was educated at Wymondham College, a state-run day and boarding school, Chester City Grammar School and the Chester College of Further Education. He then gained a law degree at Liverpool John Moores University and became a law lecturer at Newcastle Polytechnic (now Northumbria University) in 1977, a post he retained until his election as a Member of Parliament in 1992.
Byers was elected as a councillor to the North Tyneside District Council in 1980 and was its deputy leader from 1985 until he became an MP in 1992. Reportedly a former supporter of the entryist Militant group once active within the Labour Partya claim which he says is untrue Byers had publicly rejected the group's approach by 1986. In the 1983 general election, he contested the Conservative stronghold seat of Hexham, finishing in third place and some 14,000 votes behind the former Cabinet minister Geoffrey Rippon. He was first elected to Parliament in the 1992 general election in Wallsend, a Labour stronghold, following the retirement of Ted Garrett, and secured a majority of 19,470.
In 1993, Byers joined the influential Home Affairs Select committee. He became an ally of Tony Blair, a fellow northeastern Labour MP, who was also in favour of 'modernising' the Labour Party. Blair gave him a job as soon as he became the Leader of the Opposition, placing Byers in the Whips Office. He became a spokesman for the Department for Education and Employment in 1995, and he identified himself as an "outrider" for the New Labour project, regularly floating radical ideas on Blair's behalf to test reaction. An instance of this is when Byers briefed journalists in 1996 saying that the party might sever its links with the trade unions. Byers was swiftly appointed to Shadow ministerial posts and became the Minister for School Standards with the title of Minister of State at the Department of Education and Employment following the victorious 1997 general election. While at this post, Byers drew attention to himself when he said 8 times 7 was 54 in a BBC interview promoting a Government numeracy drive.
His Wallsend constituency was abolished in 1997 and he was elected for the equally safe North Tyneside constituency with a 26,643 vote majority.
Cabinet appointment
He joined the Cabinet in July 1998, as Chief Secretary to the Treasury and became a Member of the Privy Council. After the sudden resignation of Peter Mandelson, Byers was appointed as Secretary of State for Trade and Industry in December 1998. After the 2001 general election, he was made Secretary of State for Transport, Local Government & the Regions.
MG Rover
Byers was heavily criticised for his part in the collapse of the MG Rover Group. Byers, as Secretary of State for Trade and Industry, advocated the 2000 deal with the Phoenix Consortium instead of the bid from Alchemy Partners, a successful turnaround private equity investor that would have slimmed down the business. Although this deal prolonged the existence of the group for five years, it ultimately collapsed at extensive cost to the British tax payers while giving large profits from a dowry given by the seller BMW to the Phoenix Consortium. Byers responded to this criticism in his submission to the Trade and Industry committee, stating that his actions had largely been in line with government policy and that the long slow collapse of MG Rover Group had been preferable to a short sudden collapse.
Railtrack
The first source of controversy in the Railtrack incident was the decision, taken at short notice with disregard for the regulator Tom Winsor, and implemented over a weekend, to ask the High Court to put the privatised railway infrastructure company Railtrack into railway administration, on 7 October 2001. This ultimately led to the creation of Network Rail, which effectively renationalised Britain's railway infrastructure company. The British Office for National Statistics insisted that the placement of Network Rail in the private sector was correct. Byers later admitted that he had not been truthful.
Byers' decision angered those private investors who had lost money, and under pressure from The City, the government eventually had to offer compensation. The action also led to the largest class legal action ever seen in the British courts.
Exit from the Cabinet
In late 2001, it was revealed that Byers' political adviser, Jo Moore, had sent an email on 11 September 2001, suggesting that the September 11, 2001 attacks made it "a very good day to get out anything we want to bury". Moore and Byers survived the resulting outrage, but, in February 2002, the public uproar broke out again. A leaked email from the Department for Transport, Local Government and the Regions's head of news, Martin Sixsmith, a former BBC news reporter, seemed to warn Moore not to "bury" any more bad news on the day of Princess Margaret's funeral, implying that she was attempting to do so. On 15 February, the resignations of both Moore and Sixsmith were announced. Later on, however, Sixsmith stated that he had not agreed to go, but rather that Byers had insisted on the head of news' departure as his price to pay for losing Moore. In May it was confirmed by the Department that Byers had announced Sixsmith's resignation prematurely, though the Government said that this was due to a misunderstanding, and he had done nothing wrong.
Byers' troubles continued over the following months. The Labour-dominated House of Commons Transport Select Committee criticised the party's transport strategy, and a long-running row over Byers' decision as Trade Secretary to allow pornographic-magazine publisher Richard Desmond to buy the Daily Express newspaper returned to the limelight. The pressure on Byers was too much, and he resigned on 28 May 2002 to be replaced by Alastair Darling.
Return to backbenches
On the backbenches, Byers kept up pressure for the Labour Party to keep to the centre ground. In August 2006, he suggested that Labour heir-apparent, Gordon Brown, should discard the inheritance tax to prove his "New Labour" credentials to Middle England. This suggestion was widely criticised by many MPs, who claimed that the publicity surrounding Byers' plan would "frighten constituents in the high-priced south into believing they would have to pay death duties, when most won't".
On 14 November 2009, he announced that he would be stepping down from Parliament at the 2010 general election.
Following the criticism of the Prime Minister over the budget of 2007, which dismissed the ten percent starting rate of income tax as well as that of 2008, which included a planned two percent rise in fuel duties, Byers accused Gordon Brown of manipulating the tax system for "tactical advantage" and urged an "immediate halt" to proposals to increase taxes on motorists. He also condemned the government's proposed inheritance tax reforms that had been launched in response to Opposition proposals to reform the tax. He went on to urge the government to carry out a fundamental rethinking of tax policy.
Expenses
As part of a series of reports highlighting MPs' expenses claims, on 10 May 2009, The Sunday Telegraph reported that Byers had claimed more than in second home allowances for a London flat owned by his partner, where the MP lived rent-free. Allegedly included in his expenses claims was £27,000 for redecoration, maintenance, and appliances for the property.
Lobbyist investigation
In March 2010, Byers was among the politicians caught out by undercover journalists who were posing as lobbyists from an international company. The journalists were from The Sunday Times and filming for a Channel Four investigatory series called Dispatches. He was shown describing himself as a "cab for hire" and offering to lobby his parliamentary contacts in support of the fictitious company for a financial payment of between £3,000 and £5,000 per day. Byers claimed to have influenced outcomes for National Express and Tesco through his relationships with Lord Adonis, Transport Secretary, and Lord Mandelson, Business Secretary, respectively. He claimed that he phoned Mandelson to put a stop to "massively bureaucratic" food labelling regulations after he had been contacted by Tesco. He later withdrew his name for consideration by the fictitious lobbying company via email, claiming he had over-stated his role, writing, "I have not spoken to Andrew Adonis or Peter Mandelson about the matters I mentioned". When the story broke, National Express and Tesco also denied there was any truth in Byers' statements. Byers referred himself to John Lyon, the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards. Byers expressed confidence that Lyon would clear his name, but he was eventually banned from the parliamentary estate. On 22 March 2010, Byers' administrative suspension from the membership of the Parliamentary Labour Party was announced alongside those of Patricia Hewitt, Geoff Hoon and Margaret Moran. However, all four remained members of the Labour Party itself.
On 9 December 2010, Geoff Hoon along with Stephen Byers and Richard Caborn were banned from parliament, the Standards and Privileges Committee banned Geoff Hoon for a minimum five years as his was the most serious breach, whilst Byers received two years and Caborn six months.
See also
List of residents of Wolverhampton
Footnotes
External links
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Ask Aristotle: Stephen Byers MP
BBC News report on Stephen Byer's sacking from the UK Government by Tony Blair
TheyWorkForYou.com – Stephen Byers MP
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1953 births
Living people
Academics of Northumbria University
Alumni of Liverpool John Moores University
British Secretaries of State
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Labour Friends of Israel
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
People educated at Chester City Grammar School
People from Wolverhampton
Secretaries of State for Transport (UK)
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Councillors in Tyne and Wear
People educated at Wymondham College
Presidents of the Board of Trade
Labour Party (UK) councillors
Shilin may refer to:
China
Shilin Yi Autonomous County (石林彝族自治县), of Kunming, Yunnan
Stone Forest (石林), limestone formations in Shilin County, Yunnan
Shilinxia, scenic area in Pinggu District, Beijing
Taiwan
Shilin District (士林區), Taipei
Shilin Night Market in Shilin District
Other
Shilin (given name)
Shilin (surname)
is a private junior college in Utazu, Kagawa, Japan, established in 1967.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1967
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Kagawa Prefecture
Daniel Hirsch Perlman (born 1960) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Los Angeles, California. He is a professor of sculpture at UCLA. His work has been exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, and P.S.1 in New York. In 2010, Perlman's work was featured in the exhibition Stop. Move. at Blum & Poe Gallery in Los Angeles. He is represented by Blum & Poe Gallery in Los Angeles, California
Education
Perlman attended Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.
Work
Hirsch Perlman's oeuvre spans sculpture, scripted film, stop-motion animation and photography. His experimental, accumulative, and often time-based practice draws the viewer into his rigorous tests of visual and literal, and the limits of control. He implements simple materials and clichés, reworked to produce poignant and unexpected results. His large silk-screen prints of cat drawings entitled Schrödinger Cats are named for the Austrian physicist's experiment to illustrate the paradox of quantum mechanics and the contingencies of physical context. The emblematic cat trapped in a box, and simultaneously dead and alive has been co-opted by popular and science-fiction writers from Robert Anton Wilson to Douglas Adams. In the early 1990s, Perlman produced a series of works around the theme of evidence, several of which were included in the 1992 exhibition Exhibit A, held at the Serpentine Gallery, in London.
Recent solo exhibitions
2009
Gallery Min Min, Tokyo, Japan
2007
ergo despero, Blum & Poe, Los Angeles, CA
Gallery Min Min, Tokyo, Japan
Gallery Nieves Fernandez, Madrid, Spain
The Robert Miller Gallery, New York, NY
2006
Drammens Museum, Drammens, Norway
Saint-Gaudens Memorial Picture Gallery, Cornish, NH
2005
Gimpel Fils, London, UK
Gallery Min Min, Tokyo, Japan
Drammens Museum, Drammen, Norway
2004
Blum & Poe, Los Angeles, CA
References
External links
Official website
1960 births
Living people
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
20th-century American sculptors
American photographers
21st-century American sculptors
Yale University alumni
Caio Roberto Freire Mendes (born 1 June 1986) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Grêmio Barueri as a defender. He is the brother of Daniel Mendes.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Associação Atlética Internacional (Limeira) players
Mirassol Futebol Clube players
Nacional Futebol Clube players
Uberlândia Esporte Clube players
Marília Atlético Clube players
Grêmio Barueri Futebol players
IFK Norrköping players
IK Brage players
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Footballers from São Paulo
The Geelong Cricket Club was originally formed as a Sub-District side to keep the ‘VCA fires burning', entering the VSDCA in 1964/65, before making its debut as an amalgamated side with North Melbourne Cricket Club in 1985/86. This joint venture lasted for three seasons before disbanding, with North Melbourne continuing in the association on its own.
Geelong was re-admitted as a single entity prior to the 1993/94 season with Michael King as Club President, and former North Melbourne, St. Kilda, South Melbourne and Victorian Shield representative Peter Cox as the Inaugural First XI Captain.
The club originally used the St. Mary's Football Clubrooms as its headquarters during the season before the move to the current location on Geelong Cricket Ground in January 1996. The City of Greater Geelong and Geelong Football Club played a major role in developing the club to what it is today after the move off Kardinia Park, with the building of the Ford Stand with seats facing the Geelong Cricket Ground. The two clubs still have a strong working relationship from which both parties benefit. Throughout this time, St. Mary's Football Club (West Kardinia Oval) has continued to be the venue for the club's third and fourth XI matches.
As the Pathway to the Baggy Green eight players have been chosen to represent Victoria since the club's inception. Jason Bakker, Clinton Peake, Kevin Neville, Brad Stacey, Daniel Lowery, Ben Oliver, Grant Lindsay, Aaron Finch & Jake K Reed have all played at the highest level, while many others have achieved state and national representation in junior and invitational XI's.
Aaron Finch, of course winning a national Baggy Yellow with his selection in 2010/11 in the Australian T20 team and Australian One Day Side. And his Baggy Green in October 2018 for making his debut in the Australian Test Team
Season 2009/10 was highlighted by the First XI winning the Club's first silverware at that level when we accounted for St.Kilda Cricket Club in the final of the Kookaburra Cup T20 series which was played at the Junction Oval.
After 18 years of Premier (VCA) Cricket season 2010/11 proved a break-through year with the Club winning its first JA Seitz Trophy as the Club Champion. The recently completed season also saw the Club have all its four teams participating in finals for the second consecutive season.
The Second XI won a sixth premiership in 2011/12 bringing the club tally to 11 two-day premierships, three 3rd XI and two 4th XI.
The Geelong Cricket Club's momentum has been building and all that is missing is the much coveted First XI flag to adorn the Bruce Moore Room.
The club is yet to win a premiership; their best effort was runner-up to Ringwood Cricket Club in 2007–08.
References
External links
YouTube Channel
Facebook Page
Victorian Premier Cricket clubs
Sport in Geelong
1964 establishments in Australia
Cricket clubs established in 1964
Flandre Air (IATA: IX, ICAO: FRS) was a French regional airline headquartered at Lille Airport and in Lesquin, France, near Lille.
History
The airline began as a charter airline in 1977. It began scheduled services in 1985. In October 1997 Flandre Air became the European launch customer of the Embraer RJ-135. In November 1998 Flandre Air signed a franchise agreement with Air Liberté, which began in January 1999. In October 1999 Proteus Airlines acquired Flandre Air. On 30 March 2001 Flandre, Proteus, and Regional Airlines merged into Régional, which itself merged into HOP! in 2013.
Fleet
13 – Beech 1900
9 – Embraer Brasilia
1 – Beech King Air
References
Defunct airlines of France
Airlines established in 1977
Airlines disestablished in 2001
Horozköy can refer to:
Horozköy, Aydın
Horozköy, Yeşilova
Horozköy railway station
Rich Cole is a freelance journalist who first gained notoriety for his pithy articles with the University of Victoria's newspaper, The Martlet. Since then, he has moved on to magazines and newspapers, and finally academics. Most recently, he uncovered the shilling scandal in Bali.
External links
Article in Sporting Canada News (also published in Victoria's Times-Colonist)
Kent Bruyneel caught wind of an email to Rich Cole's friend Craig Battle and published it
Martlet Story picked up on the C.U.P. wire.
Opinion Piece
Profile of Rich Cole
Canadian male journalists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Pirpainti railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Shermari Bazaar, Pirpainti in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
Saul Matveyevich Abramzon () (3 July 1905 in Dmitrovsk – 1 September 1977 in Leningrad) was a scientist-ethnographer, Turkologist, and specialist in Kyrgyz ethnology. Saul Abramzon graduated from Leningrad University in the former USSR; he specialized in Turkic ethnology under Turkologists Samoilovich A.N. and S. E. Malov. Residing mostly in Leningrad, and working in Leningrad section of the Ethnography Institute, Saul Abramzon at the same time was a member of Kyrgyz scientific commission on history, began scientific ethnography of the Kyrgyz people, and directed the Kyrgyz State museum in the Kyrgyz capital, Frunze, at that time, working simultaneously as a deputy director of the Kyrgyz Scientific Research Institute, a scientific custodian the Kyrgyz State Historical Museum, and later a director of the Kyrgyz Ethnological Institute.
Almost all ethnographic expeditions carried out in Kyrgyzstan from 1926 to the 1960s were conducted under Saul Abramzon's leadership. In the process, Saul Abramzon brought up a generation of Kyrgyzstan expert ethnographers.
The range of scientific problems in which Abramzon was engaged was wide and covered almost all aspects of ethnography of the Kyrgyz people. The major theme of S. Abramzon research was ethnogenetic, historical and cultural connections of Kyrgyz with peoples of Middle Asia, Southern Siberia and the Central Asia, forms of Kyrgyz economic activities, material culture, ceremonies, customs and beliefs. Saul Abramzon left a huge scientific heritage: monographies, articles, reviews. They are stored in History Institute of Kyrgyzstan Academy of Sciences.
Publications
Абрамзон С.М., 1946 "Очерк культуры киргизского народа", Фрунзе, 1946
Абрамзон С.М., 1957, "К вопросу о патриархальной семье у кочевников Средней Азии", КСИЭ, Вып. 28.
Абрамзон С.М., 1971, "Киргизы и их этногенетические и культурные связи" Л.
Абрамзон С.М., 1973, "Очерки по истории хозяйства народов Средней Азии и Казахстана'"", Л.
Абрамзон С.М., 1977, "Фольклорные мотивы в киргизских преданиях генеалогического цикла. Фольклор и этнография: Связи фольклора с древними представлениями и обрядами"'', М.
1905 births
1977 deaths
People from Dmitrovsky District, Oryol Oblast
People from Dmitrovsky Uyezd (Oryol Governorate)
Russian Jews
Soviet Jews
Soviet ethnographers
Soviet historians
Turkologists
Matrix isolation is an experimental technique used in chemistry and physics. It generally involves a material being trapped within an unreactive matrix. A host matrix is a continuous solid phase in which guest particles (atoms, molecules, ions, etc.) are embedded. The guest is said to be isolated within the host matrix. Initially the term matrix-isolation was used to describe the placing of a chemical species in any unreactive material, often polymers or resins, but more recently has referred specifically to gases in low-temperature solids. A typical matrix isolation experiment involves a guest sample being diluted in the gas phase with the host material, usually a noble gas or nitrogen. This mixture is then deposited on a window that is cooled to below the melting point of the host gas. The sample may then be studied using various spectroscopic procedures.
Experimental setup
The transparent window, on to which the sample is deposited, is usually cooled using a compressed helium or similar refrigerant. Experiments must be performed under a high vacuum to prevent contaminants from unwanted gases freezing to the cold window. Lower temperatures are preferred, due to the improved rigidity and "glassiness" of the matrix material. Noble gases such as argon are used not just because of their unreactivity but also because of their broad optical transparency in the solid state. Mono-atomic gases have relatively simple face-centered cubic (fcc) crystal structure, which can make interpretations of the site occupancy and crystal-field splitting of the guest easier. In some cases a reactive material, for example, methane, hydrogen or ammonia, may be used as the host material so that the reaction of the host with the guest species may be studied.
Using the matrix isolation technique, short-lived, highly-reactive species such as radical ions and reaction intermediates may be observed and identified by spectroscopic means. For example, the solid noble gas krypton can be used to form an inert matrix within which a reactive F3− ion can sit in chemical isolation. The reactive species can either be generated outside (before deposition) the apparatus and then be condensed, inside the matrix (after deposition) by irradiating or heating a precursor, or by bringing together two reactants on the growing matrix surface. For the deposition of two species it can be crucial to control the contact time and temperature. In twin jet deposition the two species have a much shorter contact time (and lower temperature) than in merged jet. With concentric jet the contact time is adjustable.
Spectroscopy
Within the host matrix, the rotation and translation of the guest particle is usually inhibited. Therefore, the matrix isolation technique may be used to simulate a spectrum of a species in the gas phase without rotational and translational interference. The low temperatures also help to produce simpler spectra, since only the lower electronic and vibrational quantum states are populated.
Especially infrared (IR) spectroscopy, which is used to investigate molecular vibration, benefits from the matrix isolation technique. For example, in the gas-phase IR spectrum of fluoroethane some spectral regions are very difficult to interpret, as vibrational quantum states heavily overlap with multiple rotational-vibrational quantum states. When fluoroethane is isolated in argon or neon matrices at low temperatures, the rotation of the fluoroethane molecule is inhibited. Because rotational-vibrational quantum states are quenched in the matrix isolation IR spectrum of fluoroethane, all vibrational quantum states can be identified. This is especially useful for the validation of simulated infrared spectra that can be obtained from computational chemistry.
History
Matrix isolation has its origins in the first half of the 20th century with the experiments by photo-chemists and physicists freezing samples in liquefied gases. The earliest isolation experiments involved the freezing of species in transparent, low temperature organic glasses, such as EPA (ether/isopentane/ethanol 5:5:2). The modern matrix isolation technique was developed extensively during the 1950s, in particular by George C. Pimentel. He initially used higher-boiling inert gases like xenon and nitrogen as the host material, and is often said to be the "father of matrix isolation".
Laser vaporization in matrix isolation spectroscopy was first brought about in 1969 by Schaeffer and Pearson using a yttrium aluminum garnet (YAG) laser to vaporize carbon which reacted with hydrogen to produce acetylene. They also showed that laser-vaporized boron would react with HCl to create BCl. In the 1970s, Koerner von Gustorf's lab used the technique to produce free metal atoms which were then deposited with organic substrates for use in organometallic chemistry. Spectroscopic studies were done on reactive intermediates in around the early 1980s by Bell Labs. They used laser-induced fluorescence to characterize multiple molecules like SnBi and SiC. Smalley's group employed the use of this method with time-of-flight mass spectrometry by analyzing Al clusters. With the work of chemists like these, laser-vaporization in matrix isolation spectroscopy rose in popularity due to its ability to generate transients involving metals, alloys and semi-conductor molecules and clusters.
See also
Host–guest chemistry
Inert gas
Van der Waals interactions
Radicals
References
Further reading
Ball, David W., Zakya H. Kafafi, et al., A Bibliography of Matrix Isolation Spectroscopy, 1954-1985, Rice University Press, Houston, 1988
Spectroscopy
Physical chemistry
Reaction mechanisms
The Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean comprises thirteen ecclesiastical provinces — each headed by a metropolitan archbishop — plus one diocese that is part of a non-Caribbean province. Each province has an archdiocese (headed by an archbishop) and one or more suffragan dioceses (headed by a bishop). Each diocesan bishop, coadjutor bishop, and auxiliary bishop — active and retired — belongs to one of the episcopal conferences listed below.
There are also 2 Mission sui iuris in the Caribbean. All of those listed are members of the Antilles Episcopal Conference, including three, the Diocese of Georgetown, Diocese of Cayenne and the Diocese of Paramaribo which are located in South America in the dependencies Guyana, French Guiana, and Suriname respectively. Also a member of the Antilles Conference is the Diocese of Belize City-Belmopan on the mainland in Belize.
Each of the Greater Antilles — Haiti, Cuba, the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico — has its own conference. An exception is the Diocese of Saint Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands, whose bishop is a member of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops and an Observer to the Antilles Conference.
Antilles Episcopal Conference
Ecclesiastical province of Castries
Archdiocese of Castries
Diocese of Kingstown
Diocese of Roseau
Diocese of Saint George's in Grenada
Diocese of Saint John's - Basseterre
Ecclesiastical province of Fort-de-France
Archdiocese of Fort-de-France
Diocese of Basse-Terre
Ecclesiastical province of Kingston in Jamaica
Archdiocese of Kingston in Jamaica
Diocese of Mandeville
Diocese of Montego Bay
Mission Sui Iuris of Cayman Islands
Ecclesiastical province of Nassau
Archdiocese of Nassau
Diocese of Hamilton in Bermuda
Mission Sui Iuris of Turks and Caicos
Ecclesiastical province of Port of Spain
Archdiocese of Port of Spain
Diocese of Bridgetown
Diocese of Willemstad
Episcopal Conference of Cuba
Ecclesiastical province of San Cristobal de la Habana
Archdiocese of San Cristobal de la Habana
Diocese of Matanzas
Diocese of Pinar del Rio
Ecclesiastical province of Santiago de Cuba
Archdiocese of Santiago de Cuba
Diocese of Guantánamo-Baracoa
Diocese of Holguín
Diocese of Santisimo Salvador de Bayamo y Manzanillo
Ecclesiastical province of Camagüey
Archdiocese of Camagüey
Diocese of Ciego de Avila
Diocese of Cienfuegos
Diocese of Santa Clara
Episcopal Conference of the Dominican Republic
Ecclesiastical province of Santo Domingo
Archdiocese of Santo Domingo
Diocese of Baní
Diocese of Barahona
Diocese of Nuestra Señora de la Altagracia en Higüey
Diocese of San Juan de la Maguana
Diocese of San Pedro de Macorís
Ecclesiastical province of Santiago de los Caballeros
Archdiocese of Santiago de los Caballeros
Diocese of La Vega
Diocese of Mao-Monte Cristi
Diocese of Puerto Plata
Diocese of San Francisco de Macorís
Episcopal Conference of Haiti
Ecclesiastical province of Cap-Haïtien
Archdiocese of Cap-Haïtien
Diocese of Fort-Liberté
Diocese of Granada
Diocese of Hinche
Diocese of Les Gonaïves
Diocese of Port-de-Paix
Ecclesiastical province of Port-au-Prince
Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince
Diocese of Jacmel
Diocese of Jérémie
Diocese of Les Cayes
Puerto Rican Episcopal Conference
The Metropolitan Province of San Juan de Puerto Rico comprises the United States Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. (The bishops of the province form their own episcopal conference, the Conferencia Episcopal Puertorriqueña.)
Ecclesiastical Province of San Juan de Puerto Rico
See: List of the Catholic bishops of the United States#Province of San Juan de Puerto Rico
Archdiocese of San Juan de Puerto Rico
Diocese of Arecibo
Diocese of Caguas
Diocese of Fajardo-Humacao
Diocese of Mayagüez
Diocese of Ponce
United States Conference of Catholic Bishops
Ecclesiastical Province of Washington
Diocese of St. Thomas
Footnotes
References
Antilles Statistics
Catholic Church in the Caribbean
Caribbean
Petnjik () is a village in the municipality of Berane, Montenegro.
It is mainly inhabited by people with the Barjaktarović and Babović surnames, while there are inhabitants with surnames: Nedovic, Anđić, Marinković, etc. The centre of the village is about 4.5 km from Berane.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census, its population was 583.
References
Populated places in Berane Municipality
Serb communities in Montenegro
Lakshmi is a 2014 Indian Hindi-language biographical social problem film written and directed by Nagesh Kukunoor. It stars Monali Thakur as the title character alongside Shefali Shah, Ram Kapoor, Satish Kaushik and Kukunoor. The film deals with the harsh realities of human trafficking and child prostitution, which continue behind closed curtains in rural areas of India.
The film Won Best Film - Mercedes-Benz Audience Award, for Best Narrative at the Palm Springs International Film Festival on 13 January 2014. It was earlier expected to release on 17 January 2014, but got delayed due to censorship issues. The film released on 21 March 2014. The film was screened official selection at Toronto Reel World, Washington DC, New York Indian and Melbourne Indian Film Festivals. It would open the 16th London Asian Film Festival in June 2014.
Plot
Lakshmi, a 14-year-old girl, is kidnapped from her village by Chinna (Nagesh Kukunoor) and brought to Hyderabad. She is taken to the home of Chinna's elder brother and boss, Reddy, where she first naively assumes the role of a domestic worker, helping the much older existing maid Amma. However, she is later raped by Reddy himself. The next day, Chinna takes Lakshmi to a brothel managed by Jyothi, who is both a reassuring and oppressive figure to the girls. After her first night, Lakshmi manages to run away to a nearby police station, but her complaint falls on deaf ears since Reddy has paid off the local police force. Thrown into this horrific, inhuman world, she survives with the help of the other girls and her own will to never give in. She forms a close friendship with her roommate at the brothel Suvarna, who walks her through the realities of life.
It is revealed that Jyothi works for Reddy in order to fund her daughters college education and plans to retire as soon as she graduates. At the brothel, Lakshmi meets Uma, a kind hearted woman who periodically brings the girls sanitary items, condoms and sweets. While servicing a client at his home, Lakshmi tries to escape but is caught and punished by Chinna. She develops an infection due to the injury and is nursed by Jyothi and Survana, but is ultimately forced to work again, when a client demands a young girl. The client turns out to be an undercover agent Mohan who operates with the help of Jyothi and Uma, and Reddy and Chinna are arrested.
The girls are taken to a women's shelter where Lakshmi recovers but the case against Reddy stagnates since no one is willing to testify against him. The brothel is reopened and one by one, the women slowly return, until Lakshmi is the only one left at the shelter.
Against all odds, Lakshmi shows courage where everybody else fails. Her lawyer is in retirement due to having previously suffered a nervous breakdown, and initially refuses to take the case. He believes that Lakshmi will not be able to withstand the immense stress of the case, since she is the only witness against a powerful trafficking syndicate. Resisting all pressure - violent threats, coercion and bribes, she stands up in court. Her testimony reveals that her father sold her to a local politician, who in turn sold her to Reddy. At the brothel, Chinna beats and tortures Jyothi as punishment for her betrayal, and also reveals to Jyothi's daughter that she works there. Later that night, Jyothi castrates Chinna and slits her own wrists, resulting in them both bleeding to death. The trial results in a landmark judgement in India, succeeding in putting the traffickers behind bars.
Cast
Monali Thakur as Bangaru Lakshmi
Shefali Shah as Jyoti
Ram Kapoor as Avinash, Lakshmi's Advocate
Satish Kaushik as Ram Reddy
Nagesh Kukunoor as Chinna
Gulfam Khan as Corporator Radha
Asha Saini as Suvarna
Vibha Chibber as Amma
Vinita Joshi Thakkar as Asha
Priyankaa Vir as Uma didi
Ramkrishna Shenoy as Mohan
Sumit Sharma as Opposition Lawyer
Raju as Bangaru Raju, Lakshmi's father
Subhash Gupta as Dr Murli
Suresh Kumar as Judge
Karan Pamnani as Inspector
Tejeswani Vellicharla as Police woman
Production
Director Nagesh Kukunoor was inspired to make the film after visiting some NGOs in India, where he met victims of human trafficking.
The film is produced by both Nagesh Kukunoor, his long-time collaborator Elahe Hiptoola who worked with him on all his films since Hyderabad Blues, and also by renowned actor Satish Kaushik. Kaushik stated the marketing campaign for the film was geared towards keeping "in tandem with the theme of the movie." The producers are planning to have private screenings of the film for Non-Governmental Organizations to promote awareness of the heinous crimes depicted in the film. They also hoped the film would be backed and sponsored by actor Salman Khan, who runs his own personal NGO called Being Human.
Kukunoor initially sought a 14-year girl as the lead but later dropped the idea of casting a minor. He later auditioned Monali Thakur for the same. The film was shot in 22 days on location, entirely in Hyderabad.
The trailer for the film was released on 21 October 2013.
The songs have been written by Manoj Yadav and composed by Tapas Relia. The four songs are 1) Sun Sugana Re sung by Suchi and Ankita Joshi 2) Sun Ri baavli sung by Papon 3) Aa Ghar Chale Hum sung by Monali Thakur and 4) Hain Reham Hain Karam sung by Kailash Kher.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack of Lakshmi comprises 4 songs composed by Tapas Relia with the lyrics being written by Manoj Yadav.
Release and reception
The film was first viewed by the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) in November 2013, which found some scenes "objectionable" and slated it to be next viewed by a revising committee. However, till early January the film did not receive a viewing by committee and thus missed its 17 January Indian premiere date.
Ahead of its release in India, the film has its premiere on 13 January, at the 2014 Palm Springs International Film Festival, where it received critical acclaim and won the Audience Award for Best narrative feature, which is based on viewers' votes.
References
External links
2014 films
Indian drama films
Films about prostitution in India
Films about child prostitution
Films about human trafficking in India
Films about rape in India
Films about women in India
Films scored by Tapas Relia
Films directed by Nagesh Kukunoor
2014 drama films
2010s Hindi-language films
Hindi-language drama films
Films shot in Hyderabad, India
Films set in Hyderabad, India
Belkaraağaç is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 55 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
James Patrick Hosty Jr. (August 28, 1924 – June 10, 2011) was an American FBI agent officially assigned by FBI Headquarters to investigate ultra-rightists like members of the KKK and General Edwin Walker along with "his Minutemen in Dallas." Hosty himself said so on page 4 of his book Assignment Oswald (1996).
FBI agent John Fain was the one assigned to investigate Lee Harvey Oswald. Oswald had just returned in June 1962 to the United States after his defection to the Soviet Union. Fain interviewed Oswald twice -- once in June 1962 and once in August 1962. After the second interview, Fain along with FBI Headquarters closed the FBI casefile on Oswald. General Edwin Walker was a well-known Anticommunist in his day, and all US Anticommunists were outraged that a defector to Communist Russia would be allowed to return to the Dallas area with a Russian bride. They demanded that the FBI continually investigate Oswald. Yet the FBI casefile was officially closed.
James Hosty tried to re-open the FBI casefile on Oswald several times in the next 9 months, but FBI Headquarters, including FBI Assistant Director Alan Belmont, rejected those requests. Belmont admitted this in his Warren Commission testimony. Hosty evidently kept a close eye on Oswald, anyway, through 1962 and 1963, without sanction of FBI Headquarters.
In early November 1963, Hosty made contact with Marina Oswald (a Soviet citizen) in order to interview her about her entry into the United States 17 months previous. Oswald wrote Hosty a hostile note to protest the alleged harassment of Marina. (Oswald also had Hosty's name, phone number, and car license plate number in his address book.)
Hosty failed to tell the Warren Commission the truth about Oswald's hostile letter because he had destroyed it -- allegedly on his superior's orders. His superior, Gordon Shanklin, denied it. Because of this, Hosty attracted speculation as a possible conspirator in several conspiracy theories.
The Warren Commission attorneys often asked how the FBI could either (1) be unaware of the dangers of Lee Harvey Oswald; or (2) be aware of Oswald's danger and yet fail to warn the Secret Service in Washington DC about this threat to JFK in Dallas. J. Edgar Hoover was asked this question numerous times in his own Warren Commission testimony, with ambiguous replies (which fed different JFK conspiracy theories). After those hearings, Hoover transferred Hosty to the FBI's slow-paced Kansas City office until his mandatory retirement in 1979.
Hosty later wrote a memoir about the Kennedy assassination, titled Assignment: Oswald. In this book, Hosty claimed to have stumbled upon secret CIA information proving that Oswald killed JFK in collusion with Soviet consul Valeriy Kostikov. Hosty further claimed that J. Edgar Hoover and all of FBI Headquarters had deliberately prevented Hosty from learning the truth about Kostikov. Hosty, without any official confirmation, alleged that Kostikov was “the KGB's chief assassination expert for the Western hemisphere” (Hosty, 1996, p. 215).
Since Oswald had admittedly met "Kostin" in Mexico City during the final week of September, 1963, Hosty concluded that the Soviets killed JFK with the aid of Lee Harvey Oswald. In this way, James Hosty himself fostered a popular JFK conspiracy theory. It is noteworthy that Hosty's conspiracy theory was basically the same as that posed by General Walker, i.e. a 'Communist Conspiracy.' Hosty's intrigue about Kostikov runs like a thread from the start to the finish of his 1996 book (Hosty, 1996, Index 'V.V. Kostikov').
Biography
Hosty was born on August 28, 1924, in Chicago, Illinois. He was one of seven children of Charlotte Irene and James Patrick Hosty Sr., an executive in a sugar company in Chicago. Hosty served in the United States Military during World War II from 1942 to 1946 and graduated from the University of Notre Dame.
He received an unsigned note from Lee Harvey Oswald about two weeks before the Kennedy assassination. The note asked Hosty to stop questioning Oswald's wife. Hosty filed it away. He first met Oswald on November 22, 1963. It was while he was interrogating Oswald on November 22 that he realized that the unsigned note he had received two weeks prior was from Oswald. He said that, on orders from his supervisor, he destroyed the note after Oswald was killed on November 24, 1963. Notes taken down by Hosty during his interrogation of Oswald on November 22, indicate that when Oswald was asked to account for himself at the time of the assassination, he claimed to have "went outside to watch P. Parade" (referring to the presidential motorcade). The newly discovered Hosty interrogation notes, unearthed at NARA by former British Intelligence agent and JFK researcher, Malcolm Blunt, were recently featured for the first time in the 2020 NHK World-Japan documentary Oswald and JFK - Unsolved Cases, Part II: The Chessmaster (at 35:00 - 36:10).
He retired from the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1979.
He died of prostate cancer on June 10, 2011, in Kansas City, Missouri.
Portrayal in fiction
Hosty was portrayed in the 1991 Oliver Stone film JFK as having a central role in a government conspiracy to assassinate Kennedy and frame Oswald. In the 2011 Stephen King novel 11/22/63, Hosty questions the protagonist Jake Epping, a time traveler who has just narrowly prevented Oswald from killing the president. Hosty is suspicious of Epping because of what he knows about Oswald and his investigation by the FBI, but assists Epping in his efforts to quietly disappear, so that he may return to 2011. (The television adaptation has Epping returning to 2016.)
In 2013, actor Ron Livingston portrayed Hosty in writer/director Peter Landesman's film Parkland, a film which recounts the chaotic events that occurred at Dallas' Parkland Hospital on the day JFK was assassinated.
References
1924 births
2011 deaths
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents
University of Notre Dame alumni
People from Chicago
People from Kansas City, Missouri
Military personnel from Illinois
Deaths from prostate cancer
People associated with the assassination of John F. Kennedy
American military personnel of World War II
Deaths from cancer in Missouri
The 2003 World Fencing Championships were held in Havana, Cuba. The event took place from October 5 to October 11, 2003.
Medal summary
Men's events
Women's events
Medal table
References
FIE Results
World Fencing Championships
W
Fencing Championships
21st century in Havana
International fencing competitions hosted by Cuba
Sports competitions in Havana
October 2003 sports events in North America
Sankalp Rehabilitation Trust is a Mumbai-based NGO that works with the injecting drug using community since 1995, preventing HIV/AIDS through education and needle-exchange programme & disposals. Using a harm reduction approach, they provide services such as abscess management, basic medical care, counseling, and opioid substitution therapy to their clients. In 2008, Sankalp received the Red Ribbon Award from UNAIDS for their efforts.
The majority of clients are street-based, have insufficient social support, and very little education or training for social reintegration. This NGO runs Drop-in Centres in Mumbai Central, Kurla, Kalyan, and Bhiwandi as well as a Community Care Centre at Charni Road for people in critical need and a therapeutic community at Arthur Road Jail.
Drop-in Centres
Some specific activities of the Drop-in Centres include:
-Daily medical clinic, nutrition support, referrals to hospitals
-Opioid substitution therapy programmes with Buprenorphine
-Conduct needle/syringe exchange and condom distribution
-Provide individual and group counseling, ex. confidence, depression, etc.
-Ambulance provides client transportation for needed services
-Participation in community clean ups, neighborhood rallies, and skills training programmes
Project Hunar
In May 2009, Sankalp launched a partnership with Bangalore based NGO AMBA CEEIC geared at providing sustainable livelihood training to a group of recovering clients. "Project Hunar" offer its residential clients introductory computer instruction through a visual recognition approach and help in developing professional skills, participation in educational sessions, and assistance finding group work in the data entry sector.
History of Financial Support and Partnerships
Funders: European Commission, Deutscher Orden International, UNESCO, UNODC, American Jewish World Service, Mumbai District AIDS Control Society, Maharashtra State AIDS Control Society, AVERT Society, Annika Linden Foundation, 1000 Club Members, and the Inner Wheel Club of Bombay North
Partners: Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, Lawyers Collective, Narcotics Control Bureau, Sharan, TTK Hospital, & AMBA CEEIC
References
HIV/AIDS organizations
Organisations based in Mumbai
Health charities in India
HIV/AIDS in India
Organizations established in 1995
1995 establishments in Maharashtra
Kundalini Project is the pseudonym and one-man bass music and world music endeavor of Australia-based Italian-Argentinian composer, cinematographer, and video editor Bruce Gil.
Work
Kundalini Project's album Roots of Light was released in 2021, which saw him change direction towards the "world music" genre.
Gil collaborated with Italian rapper Salmo (it) to produce the music from Salmo's certified 2013 Gold single, Killer Game, from Salmo's #1 (in Italy) album, Midnite (it). As of Nov 2021, the YouTube video for Killer Game has over 15 million views.
He also composed the soundtrack to Razi Mohebi's (it) Italian film, Cittadini del Nulla, which won the 2014 Mutti Award at the Venice Film Festival. Gil has also composed other original film soundtracks, such as for the Indonesian documentary, Jihad Selfie.
His song "Facing the Sun" was released by Lounge Masters on Lounge Masters Vibes Vol. 04 in 2012, which received international media publicity.
One of Kundalini Project's music videos which received media attention is the song "Brain Forest".
Bruce Gil also is a cinematographer and has been a video editor for the TV series Chasing Zephyr.
To date, Kundalini Project has recorded three albums, Beautiful Sounds Pt. 1, Ancient Rituals, and Roots of Light, three EPs, and several singles. In addition, under his real name Bruce Gil, he has composed and recorded three original film soundtracks, along with two EPs and several singles.
References
External links
Kundalini Project on Apple Music
Bruce Gil on Apple Music
Bruce Gil on IMDb
Argentine film score composers
Australian film score composers
Argentine cinematographers
Living people
Male film score composers
Television video editors
World music musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Australian cinematographers
The Journal of Interpersonal Violence (JIV) is a peer-reviewed, academic journal that publishes papers in the field of interpersonal violence, and focuses on the study of victims and perpetrators of interpersonal violence. The journal's editor-in-chief is Jon R. Conte (University of Washington). It was established in 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
The Journal of Interpersonal Violence is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2020 impact factor is 6.144.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Criminology journals
Publications established in 1986
Monthly journals
Violence journals
Enid Is Sleeping (released on television and home video as Over Her Dead Body) is a 1990 dark comedy film directed by Maurice Phillips, starring Judge Reinhold, Elizabeth Perkins and Jeffrey Jones.
Plot
The film begins with a flashback to a household in Las Moscas, New Mexico, in the year 1959. The mother, Mrs. Pearly, is completely overwhelmed managing her household chores, her children Enid and June, and their visiting friend Harry. Angry and vicious, Enid puts her baby sister June into the oven while her mother is off for a moment to receive Harry's mother.
25 years later, Enid, now joined with Harry in an unloving marriage, returns home to unexpectedly find him having an affair with June. Reacting violently, she prepares to shoot them with Harry's police service gun; June smashes a vase on her head, apparently killing her. Panicking, they decide to make Enid's death look like a car accident while she and June went visiting their mother; but complications arise when Harry's partner Floyd unwittingly gets in their way and a guiltridden June begins holding a monologue with Enid to rid herself of her pangs of conscience, delaying her in getting rid of the body.
While transporting Enid's body to a dangerous road curve in the desert for the staging, June discovers that an actual accident has occurred there. Moreover, a drunken trucker attempts to hit on both her and Enid, forcing her to shake him off and thus putting Harry and Floyd on her case. After unsuccessfully trying to push the car off a cliff, she attempts to simply dump Enid in the middle of the desert, but gets herself stuck near an Indian burial ground. Leaving the body, she calls Harry from a gas station for help; en route, Harry abandons Floyd at a rest stop, but right afterwards Floyd gets involved in an attempted armed robbery and shoots one of the robbers, sending his partner fleeing.
After retrieving the body with Harry's help, June takes a stop at a road motel, but gets an unbidden visitation from the drunk trucker, causing the motel's manager to throw them out. Forced to a stop by a fallen tree, she pushes the car into the nearby Sanchez River, but a young couple sees her and calls in the police. Harry dumps Floyd once again and aids June into pulling the car out of the river. While driving home, June falls asleep at the wheel and wrecks a billboard, causing a state trooper to pull her over; but when he opens the trunk, he is knocked out by Enid, who is, though groggy, in fact very much alive.
June deposites Enid at her home, but while driving away, she is kidnapped by the fugitive robber. Suffering a nervous breakdown, she begins to drive wildly, causing the robber to drop a lit cigarette into a puddle of leaking gasoline, which blows up the car, killing the robber. With the body burned beyond recognition, and with Enid's cigarette case found in the wreck, everyone in town, including Harry, assumes that Enid was the victim. Elated, Harry returns home, only to find a slightly scorched June and the still-living - and extremely furious - Enid waiting for him.
Cast
Elizabeth Perkins as June Pearly
Judge Reinhold as Harry Hopper
Jeffrey Jones as Floyd
Maureen Mueller as Enid Pearly
Rhea Perlman as Mavis
Brion James as George the Trucker
Charles Tyner as Man at Indian Burial Site
Henry Jones as Old Man
Michael J. Pollard as Motel Manager
Nicolas Love as Robber #1
Alex Chapman as Robber #2
Reception
The film received "lukewarm" reviews and was a box office failure. It currently has a rating of 42% on the census website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 171 user ratings.
References
External links
1990 films
1990s black comedy films
1990s crime comedy films
American black comedy films
American crime comedy films
1990s English-language films
Films about adultery in the United States
Films produced by John Davis
Films scored by Craig Safan
Films set in New Mexico
Films shot in New Mexico
1990 comedy films
1990s American films
The Battle of the Black River was a series of conflicts between April and August 1782 during the American War of Independence. They were fought between British and Spanish forces for control of the Black River settlement, located on the Caribbean coast of present-day Honduras. Spanish forces forced out a small British garrison and most of the settlers in April 1782. The British responded in August, regrouping the settlers and reinforcing them with troops from Jamaica. They successfully recaptured the settlement from the disease-depleted Spanish force.
Background
Matías de Gálvez, the Captain General of Spanish Guatemala, was ordered by King Charles to "dislocate the English from their hidden settlements on the Gulf of Honduras." In 1782 he embarked on a series of actions to wipe out British settlements, which held long-established logging rights on the southern coast of the Yucatan Peninsula (present-day Belize), and also settlements on the Mosquito Coast (present-day Honduras and Nicaragua).
In March 1782 more than 800 Spanish troops led by Gálvez had captured Roatán, overwhelming the British garrison that then numbered just eighty men. With reinforcements of another 600 men, he went on to capture the Black River settlement the next month, which was defended by fewer than twenty men. James Lawrie, a major in the 49th Regiment of Foot who commanded the small British force, resisted as best he could, but abandoned the fortifications and fled with his men through the jungle to Cape Gracias a Dios.
The British governor of Jamaica, General Sir Archibald Campbell, was preoccupied by a planned Franco-Spanish attack on the island, and was unable to immediately send relief. However, the invasion of Jamaica was called off after the decisive British victory at the Battle of the Saintes where Admiral Rodney defeated the French fleet before it joined the Spanish. By the end of April the balance of power in the Caribbean had shifted to the British Royal Navy. With this in effect, Governor Campbell gave Edward Marcus Despard permission to retake the Black River settlements after learning that Lawrie had a force waiting to strike back.
Battle
Lawrie was able to regroup a force of about 800 locals (known as the [[Rattan and Black River Volunteers|Rattan (Roatan) and Black River Volunteers]]) and Miskito Indians in the Cape Gracias a Dios area. These men harassed the Spaniards in guerilla-style warfare. Despard, coming from Jamaica, landed at Cape Gracias a Dios and reached the mouth of the Plantain River with men of the Loyalist company known as the Loyal American Rangers; these eventually met up with Lawrie and his force. Combined with the supporting force that now consisted of 80 Loyalist Americans, 500 settlers (shoremen and freed slaves) and 600 Miskito Indians, there were 1,200 men in total. A squadron of Royal Navy and armed merchant ships stood by in support. Despard wasted no time in attacking the Spanish to gain the element of surprise.
Meanwhile, the Spanish garrison on Black River had been reduced by disease since its capture in early April. At Quipriva where Fort Dalling was located, a small Spanish contingent of 75 Spaniards was surprised, and all but one were either killed or taken prisoner: a survivor by the name of Manuel Rivas escaped to warn the other soldiers at Caribe.
Finally on 22 August, Despard surrounded Caribe at Black River Bluff opposite the Eastern blockhouse, overwhelming the 140 Spanish soldiers, who surrendered after a short fight. A day after the surrender, a Spanish 16-gun polacre from Trujillo carrying reinforcements of 100 troops and provisions for the Spanish was captured by the small British squadron of ships just off the coast. What was left of the Spanish force from Gálvez's April expedition surrendered by the end of August. Articles of capitulation were proposed by Don Tomás Julia to Despard who accepted.
Aftermath
Lawrie and Despard had thus regained control of Black River, taking more than 27 Spanish officers and 715 rank-and-file as prisoners. Also captured were three colours (which were presented to King George III in November) and 33 cannon. Most of the prisoners in agreements of the terms of surrender were told not to fight under arms again until the end of the war and were promptly sent to Omoa. Lawrie and Despard however decided to stay and defend their territory, fearing a Spanish counterattack.
Juan de Cagigal, Governor of Havana, had learned of the defeat, had fallen into disfavour with Gálvez, and was about to remove him from command altogether. Nevertheless, Gálvez requested reinforcements but none were coming from the governor. However, this time the Spanish with their French allies were on the defensive, their strategy having changed somewhat after the Battle of the Saintes. Paranoia swept through the Spanish command and set back their task of defending Havana and San Juan, Puerto Rico, which took priority over any offensive operations. Further military operations by the Bourbon allies in the Americas were also placed on hold due to the concentration of military operations in Europe (particularly at Gibraltar), and peace talks in Europe were taking place. British forces were able to take advantage of this inaction by recapturing the Bahamas in 1783. Lawrie and Despard held the British settlements in the Mosquito Coast until the end of the war.
For his efforts, Despard was rewarded with the honour of Superintendent of the Bay of Honduras, and for a number of years ruled the territory that became Belize.
References
Bibliography
Beatson, Robert. Naval and Military Memoirs of Great Britain, from 1727 to 1783, Vol. I; Vol. III, Appendix, London, 1804.
Jay, Mike (2004). The Unfortunate Colonel Despard. Bantam Press
Nichols, John (1782). The Gentleman's Magazine'', Volume 52. London.
Conflicts in 1782
Black River (1782)
Black River (1782)
Black River (1782)
History of Honduras
Thomas Fortescue, 1st Baron Clermont (9 March 1815 – 29 July 1887) of Ravensdale Park in County Louth, Ireland, was an Irish Whig politician and was the historian of the ancient Fortescue family of 12th century Devonshire origins.
Origins
He was born on 9 March 1815, the son of Chichester Fortescue (1777–1826) of Dromisken, County Louth, Ireland, by his wife Martha Angel Hobson, a daughter of Samuel Meade Hobson of Muchridge House, County Cork, Ireland, a barrister. His younger brother was Chichester Parkinson-Fortescue, 1st Baron Carlingford (1823-1898). He was a descendant of Chichester Fortescue of Dromisken, whose brother William Fortescue was the grandfather of William Fortescue, 1st Earl of Clermont (1722-1806).
Career
He was educated at Exeter College, Oxford. In 1833 he inherited Ravensdale Park, County Louth, upon the death of Sir Henry James Goodricke, 7th Baronet, son of Sir Henry Goodricke, 6th Baronet by his wife Charlotte Fortescue, sister of the 1st Earl of Clermont. He served as High Sheriff of Louth in 1839. In 1840 he was returned to parliament as one of two representatives for County Louth, a seat he held until 1841. In 1852 he was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Clermont, of Dromisken in the County of Louth, a revival of the extinct Clermont titles held by his kinsman. The peerage was created with special remainder to his younger brother Chichester Fortescue. In 1866 he was also created Baron Clermont, of Clermont Park in the County of Louth, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, which entitled him to a seat in the House of Lords. This peerage was created with normal remainder to his heirs male.
Marriage
In 1840 he married Lady Louisa Grace Butler, a daughter of James Butler, 1st Marquess of Ormonde, which marriage was childless. She survived her husband and died at Ravensdale Park in November 1896, aged 80.
Death and succession
He died childless at Ravensdale Park in July 1887, aged 72. His United Kingdom peerage became extinct on his death but he was succeeded in the Irish peerage, in accordance with the special remainder, by his brother Chichester Parkinson-Fortescue, 1st Baron Carlingford, who in 1874 had been elevated to the Peerage of the United Kingdom in his own right as Baron Carlingford.
History of the Family of Fortescue
Lord Clermont wrote the definitive history of the ancient Fortescue family, titled History of the Family of Fortescue in all its Branches, London, 1869; 2nd edition London, 1880. He produced a Supplement in 1885 containing new information following his discovery of two 13th-century Fortescue charters in Eton College library. In the preface to the first edition he wrote of himself:
"It has been his desire, by tracing the various branches of the family to a common ancestor, who lived at the time when the history of Anglo-Norman England may be said to begin, to present it as an ideal whole, taking part through one or more of its members, and to a greater or less extent, in the events of almost every period of the history of our country; not, indeed, with any such prominence as to entitle it to a place among the powerful families of the land, but sufficiently to stamp it as a fair example of a knightly and noble House of England".
In the preface to the second edition he wrote:
"A last reading over of the beginning of the volume induces me to remind the reader that the so-called early history of this family, like that of many others, is really not history at all, not being founded on documentary evidence, but tradition — deserving of credit so far only as it is not contradicted by probability or historic fact. The "Domesday Book" does not record, in any recognizable form, an ancestor of the Fortescues among the persons who received grants of land from William the Conqueror. The residence, therefore, at Wimstone, immediately after the Conquest, of Adam Fortescue, either as a tenant-in-chief or as an under-tenant, must not be unreservedly accepted. If the Fortescues were there at all at that early time, it was probably in some other capacity than that which either of those tenures would imply".
References
External links
1815 births
1887 deaths
19th-century Irish historians
Barons Clermont
Peers of Ireland created by Queen Victoria
Alumni of Exeter College, Oxford
Fortescue, Thomas
Fortescue, Thomas
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Peers of the United Kingdom created by Queen Victoria
High Sheriffs of County Louth
Thomas
This is a list of compact disc player manufacturers. A CD player is an electronic device that plays audio compact discs. CD players are often a part of home stereo systems, car audio systems, and personal computers. They are also manufactured as portable devices. Modern units can play other formats in addition to PCM audio coding used in CDs, such as MP3, AAC and WMA. DJs often use players with an adjustable playback speed to alter the pitch and tempo of the music. CD playback functionality is also available on CD-ROM/DVD-ROM drive equipped computers as well as on DVD players and CD-ROM/DVD-ROM based game consoles.
Compact disc player manufacturers
A&R Cambridge Ltd
Abbingdon Music Research
Accuphase
Audiolab
Bang & Olufsen
Bose Corporation
Boulder Amplifiers
Cambridge Audio
Classé
Creek Audio
Denon
Densen Audio Technologies
Harman Kardon
Hegel Audio AS
Krell Industries
Linn Products
Luxman
Mark Levinson Audio Systems
Marantz
McIntosh Laboratory
Meridian Audio
Mordaunt-Short
Musical Fidelity
NAD Electronics
Naim Audio
Pink Triangle (audio manufacturer)
PS Audio
Quad Electroacoustics
Rega Research
Roksan Audio
Rotel
Steinway Lyngdorf
T-Series
TEAC Corporation
Yamaha Corporation
Yamaha Pro Audio
See also
Consumer electronics
References
CD
List
Solitudes is a monotypic genus of east Asian ground spiders containing the single species, Solitudes dushengi. It was first described by Y. J. Lin and S. Q. Li in 2020 and added to the new subfamily, Solitudinae. it has only been found in China.
See also
List of Gnaphosidae species
References
Gnaphosidae
Spiders of China
Ida Maria Christina Lindh (born 29 September 1993) is a retired Swedish ice hockey forward.
International career
Lindh was selected for the Sweden women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. She played in all six games, recording two assists.
Lindh made one appearance for the Sweden women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships in 2011.
Career statistics
Club statistics
Note: Riksserien changed its name to the SDHL in 2016.
International
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
Sports-Reference Profile
1993 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Ice hockey people from Stockholm
Swedish women's ice hockey forwards
Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey players
Swedish expatriate ice hockey people
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Kaun? Who Did It? is an Indian interactive crime show that debuted on Flipkart Video on January 9, 2021. The series stars Indian actors Sushant Singh as Detective Adi Bhagat and Samvedna Suwalka as Inspector Malini. The location of the series is set in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. The series was produced by Guneet Monga's production house, Sikhya Entertainment with Sunjoy Shekhar as writer and Umesh Bisht as showrunner. The show concluded its first season with 35 episodes. The second season was announced by Flipkart on its official YouTube channel on 20 May 2021 with a trailer and launched on 24 May 2021.
Overview
Kaun? Who Did It? is an interactive crime fiction show that follows a retired ex-cop turned private detective, Adi Bhagat, and his protégé inspector Malini. Launched on 9 January 2021, season 1 has 33 daily episodes with a new murder case every day. After Adi and Malini go through the case details, suspect interrogations and evidence, the show allows users to play detective where they are able to guess who the killer is before Adi reveals it himself. If the user is right, they can win prizes from Flipkart.
Cast
Sushant Singh as Detective Aadi Bhagat
Samvedna Suwalka as Inspector Malini
Himanshu Bamzai as Lakshya
Shabaaz Abdullah Badi as Manav
Deepshikha Nagpal
Prachi Hadda as Moira
Kavita Banerjee as Suzzanne Khambata
Priya Arora as Poonam
Production
The first look of the series was released on 23 December 2020 with an intriguing poster that features Sushant Singh and Samvedna Suwalka. The poster uncovers a somber Sushant oozing with mystery along with assistant police inspector, Samvedna, while they solve complicated crime mysteries.
The show was announced using an optical illusion teaser on the 26th of December on Flipkart Video's YouTube followed by the official trailer which was launched on the 6th of January 2021.
Release
Kaun? Who Did It? is a Flipkart Video original series which aired on the Flipkart app from January 9, 2021.
References
External links
Hindi-language web series
2021 web series debuts
Indian crime television series
Indian web series
Interactive films
2021 Indian television series debuts
Flipkart
The St Catherine Altarpiece (an altarpiece with pictures of the legend of St Catherine of Alexandria) is a set of panel paintings from the period around 1515 that is ascribed to the workshop of the Master of the Litoměřice Altarpiece. A total of six panel paintings survive from the original retable: one wing painted on both sides and two panels painted on one side in the collection of the National Gallery in Prague and two panels in the private collection of G. Schäfer (Schweinfurt).
Description and classification
The now dismantled altarpiece could have originally comprised a central part with two pairs of hinged wings, from which two paintings survive. If the altarpiece had fixed wings, however, the number of lost paintings is greater. The panels depict six scenes from the life, martyrdom and burial of St Catherine. The most widespread literary text on the life St Catherine during the Late Gothic period was The Golden Legend by Jacobus de Voragine, written in the third quarter of the 14th century – this date is probably connected with the decoration of Chapel of the Holy Cross at Karlštejn Castle. It does not explain some of the depicted scenes that precede the meeting of Catherine and Emperor Maxentius. Possible interpretations can be found in more detailed versions of the legend of St Catherine, for example the old Bohemian version called the Stockholm Legend or illuminated manuscripts (Belles Heures of Jean de France, Duc de Berry, 1415) and glass paintings (St William's Church, Strasbourg, 1470-1475).
One possible origin of the painting is the convent Church of St Catherine belonging to the Augustinian Order in the New Town of Prague that was founded by Charles IV in 1354. Following destruction during the Hussite Wars, the church interior was gradually repaired from 1518 onwards and in 1522 its new high altar was consecrated.
St Catherine was very popular in the broader area of Central Europe, and numerous churches and chapels were consecrated to her. At Karlštejn Castle, St Catherine's Chapel served as the private oratory of Emperor Charles IV who believed that she saved his life when, on her feast day of 25 November 1332, he achieved victory in the Battle of San Felice in northern Italy. St Catherine was worshipped as the bride of Christ, promising herself to him as a child, and as the protector of virgins and young girls. She was the patron saint of apprentices, universities and several professions connected with her martyrdom (such as wheelers, printers and sailors).
Parts of the altar
St Catherine Reading / The Martyrdom of St Catherine
This lime-wood panel, measuring 76.5 x 44 cm and 7-8 mm thick, is painted in tempera on both sides. Originally in the Princely Collections of Liechtenstein, it was sold in 1964 to Galerie Sanct Lucas in Vienna. In 1969 it was acquired for the collection of the National Gallery in Prague (inv. no. O 12306) in exchange for another work. It was restored in the 1960s in Vienna and in 1999 at the National Gallery (A. Třeštíková).
The legend tells of St Catherine's chastity, beauty and renowned learnedness. Following the death of her father, King Costa, she ruled Alexandria. This scene depicts St Catherine holding an open book and accompanied by ladies of the court. She is most likely absorbed in reading prayers before being summoned to Emperor Maxentius.
The painting of the Martyrdom of St Catherine is the finest one of the entire set. Several parts of the underdrawing recall the expressive lines of the underdrawing of the Litoměřice Altarpiece; they are not identical, however. The composition is characterised by its masterful arrangement of the relations between the figures and space, as well as by how it connects the foreground and middle ground of what is happening in the picture. It is also marked by a fascination for the perspectival depiction of the instrument of torture.
St Catherine before Emperor Maxentius
This lime-wood panel, measuring 77 x 44.5 cm, was originally part of the hinged wing that was cut up lengthwise; it is now 1-4 mm thick and is glued to a layered panel. Its origin is unknown. In 1946 it was in a private collection in Budapest, and from the 1950s was in the collection of A. Geber in the USA. After the collector died, it was auctioned at Sotheby's in New York and acquired in 1998 from there by the National Gallery in Prague (inv. no. O 17425). It was restored in 1998-1999 at the National Gallery (A. Třeštíková) and reinforced at the back (D. Zika).
The Burial of St Catherine
This lime-wood panel, measuring 77 x 44.5 cm and 1-4 mm thick, originally formed a whole with the preceding picture and was acquired for the collection of the National Gallery (inv. no. 17426) along with it at the Sotheby's auction mentioned above. Both paintings were included in a catalogue accompanying an exhibition at the Szépművészeti Múzeum in Budapest in 1946. It was restored by A. Třeštíková at the National Gallery between 1998 and 1999.
The Conceit of St Catherine
This oil painting on a wooden panel measuring 70.5 x 45.5 cm and 5-7 mm thick has been cut off at the top and bottom. The panel formed part of a hinged or fixed altarpiece wing. Its origin is unknown. The picture's current owner, G. Schäfer (Schweinfurt, Germany) bought it in 1961 at the Auction House of Adolf Weinmüller in Munich (inv. no. 4189).
St Catherine Visiting the Hermit
The oil painting on a wooden panel measuring 70 x 45.5 cm and 5-7 mm thick has been cut off at the top and bottom. It has been reinforced with parquetage at the back. Its origin is unknown. The picture's current owner, G. Schäfer (Schweinfurt, Germany) bought it in 1961 at the Auction House of Adolf Weinmüller in Munich (inv. no. 4190).
The missing parts and possible reconstruction of the altarpiece's original appearance
At the centre of the altarpiece there could have been a picture of the Madonna and Child among the Holy Virgins or, more likely, the Madonna and Child with St Catherine, a scene called the Betrothal of St Catherine. With Late Gothic picture cycles, there no longer existed firm rules for the horizontal or vertical sequence of the individual scenes, which is why it is impossible to create a reliable reconstruction of the arrangement of the altarpiece's wings.
The iconography of the surviving pictures is not a wholly standard illustration of the legend and it is not, therefore, possible to infer what the missing parts would have been. In addition to this, it is impossible to distinguish between the inner and outer sides of the wings on the basis of a different background or gilding. Judging by the surviving parts, it is probable that each wing was made up of two panels placed above each other in a joint frame. When they are compared with the two panels painted on both sides that are in the collection of the National Gallery, it can be assumed that the single-sided paintings in the Schäfer collection were also created by the panels being cut lengthwise and that the paintings on the back were removed or lost.
The painting style
The paintings of the legend of St Catherine of Alexandria are ascribed to the late work of the Master of the Litoměřice Altarpiece and his workshop. Numerous connections have been found with the Litoměřice Altarpiece, the Altarpiece of the Holy Trinity and the Strahov Altarpiece, the Votive Panel of Jan of Vertemberk and several paintings of the Legend of St Wenceslas. These works have in common a similar physiognomy and figure type, costume details, spatial design with architectural elements and details of landscapes in the background.
The landscape framework of these paintings is stylistically uniform, showing a landscape with lush vegetation, forked dry branches and fantastical architecture. The use of aerial perspective and several different spatial planes points to the experience learned by a painter of the Danube School. The St Catherine cycle differs with its less perfect construction of the pictorial space and the heterogeneous combination of several spatial planes, the way the figures move and the way their drapery folds, which is more decorative in character. The effort to unify the action in the picture leads to a repetition of the figural types and their clothing; at the same time, however, it also accentuates certain stylistic differences.
The painting technique
The restoration of the pictures that had been newly acquired for the collection of the National Gallery proved, when compared with other works by the Master of the Litoměřice Altarpiece, that a similar painting technique was used. The quality of the painting execution is, however, not as fine and corresponds to the participation of several painters within the workshop. Several differences in the preparation of the foundation layer and layering of the paint were also detected.
The underlayer of the paintings was created with an insulating layer of glue-size on to which a layer of natural chalk bound with glue-size was applied. On to this, an insulating layer most probably made of egg white and gelatine was applied. The underdrawings of the individual paintings are mainly relatively schematic – an exception being the Martyrdom, which has more in common with the careful modelling of volume seen in the Litoměřice Altarpiece. In two other panels, the underdrawing of the drapery has much in common with the underdrawing of the Altarpiece of the Holy Trinity. The flesh tones are underlaid by a fine layer of lead white and are modelled with a single layer of paint containing white paint, vermillion and charcoal black. The use of the unusual purple pigment of fluorite in the underpainting and red enamel with an organic component is typical for the workshop of the Master of the Litoměřice Altarpiece. The colour quality of the fluorite layer varies with the size of the grains of pigment, ranging from light, almost translucent tones to a rich purple and becoming more intense with the size of the particles. Iron red, white paint and vermillion are used for the modelling of the drapery, while the top layer is made up of red organic enamel containing anorganic earth-siliceous, calcic and clay components. The layers of the green contain verdigris, lead-tin yellow or yellow ochre and white paint. The blue is made up of azurite in combination with white paint and yellow ochre, and in the underpainting it is made up of azurite combined with fluorite and iron red.
References
Sources
Jan Liška, Deskové obrazy mistra litoměřického oltáře. Praha, 106 pp. bachelor thesis, Catholic Theological Faculty, Institute of Christian Art History, Charles University, Prague 2008
Štěpánka Chlumská, Radka Štefců, Anna Třeštíková, Obrazy z legendy o sv. Kateřině Alexandrijské, Národní galerie v Praze 1999,
Jaroslav Pešina, Kateřinský cyklus litoměřického mistra, Umění XXIII, 1975, s. 219-225
External links
Museum Georg Schäfer in Schweinfurt
Christian Iconography: Chapter 172 of the Golden Legend by Jacobus Voragine (1275), extended version translated by William Caxton, 1831
Kirsten Lodge, The Legend of St. Catherine: Its Meaning and Literary Coordinates, Published as the foreword to Legenda o svaté Kateřině, ed. Světová četba, n. 524, Odeon, Praha 1983, pp. 9–27
Czech gothic paintings
Paintings in the collection of the National Gallery Prague
1515 paintings
I Sailed to Tahiti with an All-Girl Crew is a 1968 American adventure comedy film directed and co-written by Richard L. Bare, starring Gardner McKay, Fred Clark, Pat Buttram, and Diane McBain.
It was the last film for both McKay and Clark.
Plot
Gardner bets his friend Fred $20,000 that he can beat him in a boat race to Tahiti using an all-female crew. Gardner collects a crew including a murderess and a cocktail waitress.
Cast
Gardner McKay as Terry O'Brien
Fred Clark as Generous Josh
Pat Buttram as Blodgett
Diane McBain as Liz Clark
Richard Denning as The Commodore
Betty South as the Commodore's wife
Edy Williams as Marilyn
Jeanne Ranier as Monique
Zulu as Kino, the Jailer
Arlene Charles as Janet
Mary O'Brien as Jimsy
Bebe Louie as Tomaya
Douglas Mossman as Island Chief
AL Alawi as Chimp Leader
Duke Kahanamoku Surfer
Production
Mckay was best known for the TV series Adventures in Paradise. The film was financed by World Entertainment Corp, a subsidiary of NTA.
Filming started 22 May 1967 on location in Hawaii. Edy Williams was borrowed from 20th Century Fox.
References
External links
I Sailed to Tahiti with an All-Girl Crew at IMDb
I Sailed to Tahiti with an All-Girl Crew at TCMDB
1968 films
1960s action comedy films
1960s adventure comedy films
American action comedy films
American adventure comedy films
Competitive sailing films
Films directed by Richard L. Bare
Films scored by Philip Springer
Films shot in Hawaii
Seafaring films
1968 comedy films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Shabd () is a 2005 Indian Hindi-language psychological thriller film produced by Pritish Nandy Communications, and directed by Leena Yadav. It stars Sanjay Dutt, Aishwarya Rai and Zayed Khan. The film got good reviews but performed below expectations at the box office, despite being profitable. The story is adapted from the critically acclaimed Malayalam film Rachana released in 1983.
Plot
Author Shaukat Vashisht lives a wealthy lifestyle in India with his wife, Antra, who is a lecturer. Shaukat achieves fame when he is nominated for the Booker prize, and goes on to win it. His publishers, hoping that they have unleashed a goldmine, are disappointed with his subsequent works, and soon Shaukat is depressed to such an extent that he almost gives up writing. Then he decides to write a story on a woman named Tamanna, and figures that he will base this story on none other than Antara herself. For this purpose he starts to make note of her every movement, and it is then that he finds out that she has an admirer in fellow-teacher, Yash Agnihotri, a dashing young man with a bright future ahead of him. Shaukat also finds out that Antara has never mentioned Yash to him, nor has she informed Yash that she is married.
He decides to manufacture a realistic story by making Antara hide her marital status from Yash and pursue a relationship with him. Things go wrong as Antara begins to have real feelings for Yash, even though she still loves Shaukat.
Whatever Shaukat pens turns out to be true. He starts to believe he can change Antara's and Yash's fate by his writings, and writes according to his logic that Yash would commit suicide after learning the truth about Antara's. But, Antara soon discovers this. She lies to Shaukat that Yash really committed suicide in order to disillusion Shaukat. Shaukat, out of guilt, becomes schizophrenic. The film ends on a disturbing note: Antara sends Shaukat to an asylum, due to his schizophrenia.
Cast
Sanjay Dutt as Shaukat Vashisth, a famous author who lives with his wife Antara and two servants.
Aishwarya Rai as Antara Vashisth/Tamanna, Shaukat's wife and a college teacher.
Zayed Khan as Yash Agnihotri, a young college teacher who is in love with Antara.
Aakash Pandey as Shouting asylum inmate
Sadiya Siddiqui as Rajni (maidservant)
Brijendra Kala as Servant (Ramakant)
Alexander as the stranger
Susheel Chhabra as Nerd
Imram Hasnee as Asylum Doctor
Kamini Khanna as Mrs. Kapadia
Lalit Parashar as Mr. Bhargva
Rucha Pathak as Publisher's assistant
Music
The music of the film did get good reviews among audiences, though the film overall performed well below expectations at the box office. The film had the following soundtrack.
External links
Leena Yadav's Interview
2005 films
2000s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Vishal–Shekhar
Films directed by Leena Yadav
Indian psychological drama films
Indian psychological thriller films
Films about books
Extramarital relationships
Indian drama films
Indian thriller drama films
2000s thriller drama films
Cihan Özkara (born 14 July 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Turkish club Sarıyer.
Career
Özkara was born in Hamm. He began his career with LR Ahlen and played eight years before joining Arminia Bielefeld in summer 2007. After one year with Arminia Bielefeld, he returned to Rot Weiss Ahlen where he made his senior debut on 22 September 2009 against Greuther Fürth in the DFB-Pokal. He signed on 6 October 2009 his first professional contract until 30 June 2012.
On 30 January 2015, Özkara signed for Simurq PIK on loan till the end of the 2014–15 season.
On 4 September 2020, Özkara a three-year contract with İstanbulspor.
Career statistics
Score and result list Azerbaijan's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Özkara goal.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Hamm
Azerbaijani people of Turkish descent
German people of Turkish descent
Azerbaijani footballers
German footballers
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Association football forwards
Azerbaijan international footballers
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Rot Weiss Ahlen players
Sivasspor footballers
Kayseri Erciyesspor footballers
Simurq PIK players
SC Preußen Münster players
SC Verl players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
İstanbulspor footballers
Sarıyer S.K. footballers
Azerbaijani expatriate footballers
German expatriate footballers
Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Nicolás Esguerra (September 10, 1838 – December 23, 1923) was a Colombian lawyer and statesman.
Early life
Esguerra was born in Bogotá, the son of Colonel Domingo Esguerra, a veteran of the Independence war, and Serafina Ortiz. He lived in Ibagué for a good part of his life, and it was there that he came under the protection and influence of Manuel Murillo Toro, who helped him get admitted to college. Esguerra studied philosophy and law in the Colegio del Rosario where he graduated when he was twenty years old.
Public Life and Politics
After he graduated as a lawyer, Esguerra became a judge and a magistrate. He started participating eagerly in politics and eventually became a congressman in 1872. Between 1864 and 1885 he was the rector of the Colegio del Rosario, during which tenure he attempted to reconcile the liberal and free-thinking university and the Catholic clergy. This made him popular among both liberals and conservatives. As a director of the Diario de Cundinamarca newspaper, he was influential in the presidential campaign of Santiago Pérez, who when elected as president appointed him as Secretary of Treasury and briefly as Minister of the Interior.
In the rise of the Regeneración (Regeneration) period which finished the liberal hegemony and terminated the United States of Colombia, to be succeeded by a centralist, conservative government embodied in the new Colombian Constitution of 1886, Esguerra was a strong opponent, denouncing among other things the illegal arrest of Cesar Conto, the director of "El Liberal" newspaper, assuming then as the director. Because of his opposition and liberal ideas he was persecuted, his properties confiscated, and he himself was expelled from the country on two occasions. During this time he traveled across Venezuela, Costa Rica, and the United States of America, where he met and befriended José Martí. He returned to Colombia under the government of Manuel Antonio Sanclemente, and later was instrumental in the protests against president Rafael Reyes regarding his signing of a treaty between Colombia, Panama and the United States of America, as a compensation for the separation of Panama, and as a result of which Reyes resigned as president.
Esguerra was also a presidential candidate in 1914, the first direct presidential elections since 1860, losing to conservative José Vicente Concha. He died in Bogotá in 1923.
External links
Luis Angel Arango Library: Nicolás Esguerra
Obituary in El Tiempo, December 24, 1923
1838 births
1923 deaths
Colombian Liberal Party politicians
19th-century Colombian judges
Oskar Becker (18 June 1839 in Odessa – 16 July 1868 in Alexandria) was a German political fanatic, known for his attempted assassination of William I of Prussia.
Biography
In 1859 he enrolled at Leipzig University, and in 1861, at Baden-Baden, endeavored to kill king William I of Prussia by firing two shots from a pistol, at a distance of three paces. However, the monarch suffered only a slight injury of the neck. The assailant, in a letter found upon him, stated as his motive the conviction that William was unapt of the task of uniting Germany. The assailant was sentenced to twenty years' imprisonment, but was pardoned by the Badish sovereign on William's plea, and released in 1866, with the stipulation that he should leave the German Confederation forever. He lived in Chicago for some time, and subsequently went to Alexandria, Egypt, where he died.
Becker was an uncle of artist Paula Modersohn-Becker. William later became the first emperor of the German Empire.
Notes
References
External links
1839 births
1868 deaths
German activists
Nayalgué (or Nayalgay) is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,807.
References
External links
Satellite map at Maplandia.com
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Elvira Karin Öberg (born 26 February 1999) is a Swedish biathlete. She is the younger sister of Olympic champion Hanna Öberg. Elvira won three gold medals in the youth category at the 2018 Biathlon Junior World Championships in Otepää; in the 10 km individual, the 3 × 6 km relay and the 6 km sprint respectively. Öberg placed twelfth in the sprint in her Biathlon World Cup debut in Östersund, 1 December 2019. At the Olympic Games in Beijing in 2022 she won the silver medal in the sprint race, following up with a silver in the pursuit.
Biathlon results
All results are sourced from the International Biathlon Union.
Olympic Games
3 medals (1 gold, 2 silver)
World Championships
World Cup
Individual podiums
4 victories
12 podiums
Team podiums
4 victories
12 podiums
*Results are from IBU races which include the Biathlon World Cup, Biathlon World Championships and the Winter Olympic Games.
Personal life
Her sister Hanna Öberg is a professional biathlete who competes with her for the Swedish Women Biathlon team.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Swedish female biathletes
Biathletes at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic biathletes of Sweden
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Sweden
Olympic silver medalists for Sweden
Olympic medalists in biathlon
People from Kiruna Municipality
West Chezzetcook () is an Acadian community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on Route 207.
It is the site of the Acadian House Museum.
St. Anselm's Roman Catholic Church
A Roman Catholic church was established in the community in 1814. The present structure was completed in 1894.
References
Explore HRM
Acadian House Museum / L'Acadie de Chezzetcook
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Acadian history
Deloris were a 4 (sometimes 5) piece indie rock band from Melbourne, Australia, who were active from 1999 until 2008.
History
Deloris was formed in Frankston, Victoria, by Marcus Teague (singer/songwriter), Simon Heelis (guitar), Luke Turley (drums) and Stuart Charles (bass) in the 1990s. The band recorded a four-song demo tape in 1994 at Sandringham Studios, and another four songs at Backbeach Studios in Rye in 1996. On the back of these demos the band began playing around Melbourne and garnering local reviews. The trio would return to Back Beach in 1998 to record enough songs to form an album and the resulting LP 'Fraulein' was released on Perth label Halflight Records.
In 1999 the band flew to Perth and spent two weeks recording and mixing their second album, The Pointless Gift, which was released by Sydney label Quietly Suburban Records in December 2000 and received a glowing critical response, with Melbourne's The Age newspaper giving it four stars, saying "a huge future awaits Deloris". Leigh Lambert joined the band as a second guitarist and Deloris would tour Australia with the likes of Augie March, Something For Kate, Art of Fighting and Purplene as well as play support to internationals The Mountain Goats and Delgados. During this time the band released a split seven-inch vinyl single with Braving The Seabed, and UK label Scientific Laboratories released The Pointless Gift in the UK. Deloris also recorded a live set for Triple J radio's 'Oz Music Show'.
In 2001 Luke Turley left the band and after a brief stint with Something for Kate drummer Clint Hyndman filling in on drums, a replacement was found in Daniel Brimelow. In 2002 Deloris began work on their third record 'Fake Our Deaths', soliciting the services of engineer Matt Voigt (Cat Power, The Nation Blue, Augie March, The Dirty Three) and assistant engineer Hugh Counsell (later worked with Race the Fray), to commence recording at Melbourne's Sing Sing studios. The self-funded band struggled through the long recording process, recording only when money and time would allow.
The resulting thirteen-track album Fake Our Deaths was completed in late 2003, only months before Quietly Suburban ceased to operate. Without a label, the band printed up an EP featuring album tracks 'The Unbroke Part Of It' and 'Playing the Spaces' both of which were picked up by radio station Triple J and were added to high rotation on their playlist. The band was signed by the newly formed Dot Dash records (an offshoot of Remote Control records) in mid-2004, and 'Fake Our Deaths' was released late that year, alongside a growing roster of artists that included New Buffalo and Wolf & Cub. Throughout the remainder of 2004 and during 2005, the band toured Australia several times.
Lambert and Heelis both left the band at the end of the 'Fake Our Deaths' touring cycle, leaving Teague and Brimelow to work on new music. In 2005 the duo entered Abercorn studios in Harkaway, Victoria, to begin work on what would become 'Ten Lives'. After recording basic tracks for around half the album, Brimelow left the band to focus on family. Teague, the sole remaining band member, would go on to write and record all instruments for the album, drafting in friend Ben Gook for several bass tracks and Turley once again to record additional drum tracks. 'Ten Lives' was released in 2006 by Dot Dash records, and throughout that year and the next, Deloris would headline tour Australia (as well as support Okkervil River nationally) with a revolving cast of musicians that included Ben Gook (bass), Anthony Petrucci (guitar), Hugh Counsell (guitar), Dan Brimelow (drums), Luke Turley (drums), Tim O'Connor (guitar) Joe Hammond (drums) and Ben Keenan (guitar). In late 2007 the lineup of Teague, Hammond, Gook and guest guitarist Petrucci solidified, and the quartet were selected as the main support on Something For Kate's national tour. In early 2008 this lineup played their last high profile show as guests of Brooklyn band The National.
After just a handful of local shows in 2008, the band privately considered Deloris finished. In 2009 Teague, Hammond and Gook set about writing for a new project, drafting in guitarist Tim O'Connor. Teague also completed his debut Single Twin record and in February 2010, though not having played a show in over a year, an official statement was posted on the Deloris MySpace page signifying the end of Deloris.
Teague's Single Twin debut LP 'Marcus Teague' was released in June 2011.
Discography
Ten Lives (Dot Dash/Remote Control Records – 2006)
Feather Figure/Elastic Bones (acoustic EP) + Video (Dot Dash/Independent – 2005)
Fake Our Deaths (Dot Dash – 2004)
Dead Drunks ltd edition EP (Remote Control Records/independent – 2004)
Playing The Spaces EP (independent – 2003)
Deloris/Braving the Seabed (Split 7 inch — Steady Cam Records – 2002)
The Pointless Gift (Quietly Suburban Records / MGM – 2001)
Fraulein (Halflight Records / MGM – 1998)
References
External links
Official site
Deloris page
Single Twin
Victoria (Australia) musical groups
Shazam! Fury of the Gods is an upcoming American superhero film based on the DC Comics character Shazam. Produced by New Line Cinema, DC Films, and The Safran Company, and set for distribution by Warner Bros. Pictures, it is intended to be the sequel to Shazam! (2019) and the 12th film in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). It is directed by David F. Sandberg from a screenplay by Henry Gayden and Chris Morgan, and stars Zachary Levi, Asher Angel, Jack Dylan Grazer, Rachel Zegler, Adam Brody, Ross Butler, Meagan Good, Lucy Liu, Djimon Hounsou, and Helen Mirren. In the film, a family of teenage heroes led by Billy Batson / Shazam fight the daughters of Atlas.
A sequel to Shazam! began development shortly after that film's release in April 2019, with Gayden returning as writer. Sandberg and Levi (Shazam) were also set to return by that December. The title and rest of the returning cast were confirmed in August 2020, including Asher as Billy Batson. Zegler, Mirren, and Liu were cast as the daughters of Atlas in early 2021. Filming began that May in Atlanta, Georgia, and concluded in August.
Shazam! Fury of the Gods is scheduled to be released in the United States on March 17, 2023.
Premise
Teenager Billy Batson and his foster siblings, who transform into adult superheroes by saying "Shazam!", fight the daughters of Atlas.
Cast
Zachary Levi as Shazam:The champion of the wizard Shazam and the superhero alter-ego of teenager Billy Batson, who possesses "the wisdom of Solomon, the strength of Hercules, the stamina of Atlas, the power of Zeus, the courage of Achilles, and the speed of Mercury".
Asher Angel as Billy Batson: a teenager and foster child who transforms into a superhero by saying "Shazam!"
Jack Dylan Grazer as Frederick "Freddy" Freeman: Billy's physically disabled foster brother and a fan of superheroes
Adam Brody as Freddy's adult superhero form
Rachel Zegler as Anthea: a daughter of Atlas
Ross Butler as the adult superhero form of Billy's younger foster brother Eugene Choi, an obsessive gamer. Ian Chen plays the teenage version of Eugene.
Meagan Good as the adult superhero form of Billy's good-natured younger foster sister Darla Dudley. Faithe Herman plays the teenage version of Darla.
Lucy Liu as Kalypso: a daughter of Atlas
Djimon Hounsou as Shazam: an ancient wizard who gave Billy his powers after naming him as champion
Helen Mirren as Hespera: a daughter of Atlas
Billy's foster family also includes Grace Caroline Currey as Mary Bromfield, Billy's mature, academically-driven older foster sister (Currey also portrays Mary's adult superhero form); Jovan Armand as Pedro Peña, Billy's older foster brother and a shy, sensitive boy, with D. J. Cotrona as his adult superhero form; and Marta Milans and Cooper Andrews as Rosa and Victor Vásquez, the foster parents of Billy and his siblings. Rizwan Manji, who portrayed Jamil in the DCEU television series Peacemaker, appears as an unnamed extra. Director David F. Sandberg's wife Lotta Losten, who previously portrayed Dr. Lynn Crosby in the first film, will appear as a new character due to Crosby dying in the previous movie.
Production
Development
With the successful opening of Shazam! in April 2019, Henry Gayden was revealed to be returning to write the script for a sequel. Director David F. Sandberg and producer Peter Safran were also expected to return. Later that month, Michelle Borth, who portrayed the adult superhero form of Mary Bromfield in the first film, said she signed a five-picture deal for the role and was expected to return for at least one sequel. Zachary Levi confirmed in June that he was returning to star as Shazam in the sequel, and revealed that writing had begun ahead of a planned filming start in mid-2020. Sandberg and much of the first film's crew were confirmed to return in December 2019, when New Line Cinema and Warner Bros. Pictures scheduled the sequel for release on April 1, 2022. This was delayed in April 2020 to November 4, 2022, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Pre-production
In June 2020, Marta Milans confirmed that she would reprise her role as foster mother Rosa Vásquez from the first film, and revealed that filming had been delayed by the pandemic. The film's title was revealed to be Shazam! Fury of the Gods during the virtual DC FanDome event in August 2020, with returning cast members confirmed including Asher Angel as teenager Billy Batson and Levi as his adult superhero counterpart, Jack Dylan Grazer as Frederick "Freddy" Freeman and Adam Brody as his adult counterpart, Faithe Herman as Darla Dudley and Meagan Good as her adult counterpart, Grace Caroline Currey as Mary Bromfield and Borth as her adult counterpart, Ian Chen as Eugene Choi and Ross Butler as his adult counterpart, and Jovan Armand as Pedro Peña with D. J. Cotrona as his adult counterpart. The next month, Levi said filming would begin in early 2021.
The film's release was delayed again in October, to June 2, 2023. The following month, Mark Strong said he was waiting to hear if he would be returning as Dr. Thaddeus Sivana in the sequel. In January 2021, Good said filming would begin that May, and Rachel Zegler was cast in an undisclosed "key role" the next month. Geoff Johns was producing the film through his company Mad Ghost Productions, alongside Safran with his company The Safran Company. Chris Morgan contributed to the film's script. In March, Helen Mirren was cast as Hespera, a daughter of Atlas, with Zegler reported to be playing Hespera's sister, Anthea. Lucy Liu was cast as Kalypso, another daughter of Atlas, the next month. Strong said in May that he would not appear in the sequel, and Cooper Andrews was confirmed to reprise his role as foster father Víctor Vásquez from the first film. Early during the film's development, Sandberg wanted to bring back Mister Mind, a villainous character teased in the mid-credits scene of the first film whom Sandberg voiced, for the sequel in a bigger role, but his inclusion was ultimately dropped due to it requiring too much of the film's runtime, aside that he had to drop several other elements to not "overstuff" the movie.
Filming
Principal photography began on May 26, 2021, in Atlanta, Georgia, with Gyula Pados serving as cinematographer. Production on the film was delayed from an initial mid-2020 start due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In June, Sandberg revealed that Currey was also portraying the adult superhero form of Mary in the film, replacing Borth, with Currey's hair and makeup adjusted for the superhero version. A month later, set photos revealed that Djimon Hounsou would be reprising his role as the wizard Shazam. Filming concluded on August 31, 2021.
Post-production
In March 2022, Warner Bros. adjusted its release schedule due to the impacts of COVID-19 on the workload of visual effects vendors. The Flash and Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom were moved from 2022 to 2023 to allow time for their visual effects work to be completed, while Shazam! Fury of the Gods was moved up to Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom previous release date of December 16, 2022, because it would be ready for release earlier. In April, the film's release date was pushed back five days to December 21 to avoid competition with Avatar: The Way of Water. Rizwan Manji was revealed to be appearing as an unnamed character in July 2022. Manji was suggested for the role by Safran, who also produced the DCEU television series Peacemaker in which Manji portrayed Jamil. Sandberg approved the casting, despite the series being set in the same universe as the film, because he thought Manji only had a small role in Peacemaker. He was surprised to learn that Manji has a significant role and appears in the opening title sequence of the series. Peacemaker creator James Gunn suggested that Manji's character in Fury of the Gods could be Jamil's brother. In August, after WarnerMedia merged with Discovery, Inc. to form Warner Bros. Discovery, the studio delayed the film to March 17, 2023 (again taking Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom previous release date), to help spread out the marketing and distribution costs for its feature films. This also moved Fury of the Gods away from Avatar: The Way of Water.
Music
In June 2022, Sandberg revealed that Benjamin Wallfisch was unable to return as composer from the first film due to scheduling conflicts, with Christophe Beck replacing him for the sequel and already beginning work by then.
Marketing
Sandberg promoted the sequel during a virtual panel at the August 2020 DC FanDome event, announcing the film's title and returning cast. In June 2021, after a week of filming, Sandberg released a short clip featuring Levi in his new costume for the film; this came after several set photos of the costume were leaked during that week. To get ahead of further costume leaks, Sandberg released an image of Levi, Brody, Good, Currey, Butler, and Cotrona in their new superhero costumes for the film at the end of the month. Behind-the-scenes footage and concept art from the film was revealed during the 2021 DC FanDome event in October, with io9 Rob Bricken and Collider Gregory Lawrence both expressing excitement at the new cast members, characters, locations, and mythology revealed in the footage. Levi, Angel, Grazer, and Mirren promoted the film at Warner Bros.' CinemaCon panel in April 2022, revealing new footage from the film. The film was also promoted at San Diego Comic-Con in July, where the first trailer was released.
Release
Shazam! Fury of the Gods is scheduled to be released by Warner Bros. Pictures in the United States on March 17, 2023. It was originally set for release on April 1, 2022, before it was delayed to November 4, 2022, and then to June 2, 2023, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. It was then moved up to December 16, 2022, since it was ready for release sooner than other DC films delayed by the pandemic. That date was previously given to Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom. The release date was pushed back five days to December 21 in April 2022, before being moved to Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom release date again (the March 2023 date) in August 2022 when Warner Bros. Discovery was trying to spread out marketing and distribution costs. This also meant IMAX screens that would have been used by Avatar: The Way of Water would be available for the film.
References
External links
2020s adventure comedy films
2020s superhero films
2020s teen comedy films
2023 action comedy films
2023 fantasy films
2023 science fiction films
American action comedy films
American adventure comedy films
American fantasy films
American science fiction films
American sequel films
American superhero films
American teen comedy films
DC Extended Universe films
Fantasy action films
Films about magic
Films based on classical mythology
Films based on DC Comics
Films directed by David F. Sandberg
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films produced by Geoff Johns
Films produced by Peter Safran
Films shot in Atlanta
Films with screenplays by Chris Morgan
Films with screenplays by Henry Gayden
New Line Cinema films
Shazam! (film series)
Superhero comedy films
Teen superhero films
Upcoming sequel films
Warner Bros. films
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
A transgender sex worker is a transgender person who works in the sex industry or performs sexual services in exchange for money or other forms of payment. The term transgender refers to an individual whose gender identity differs from their sex assigned at birth. A transgender woman is a woman who was assigned male at birth and a transgender man is a man who was assigned female at birth.
In general, sex workers appear to be at great risk for serious health problems related to their profession, such as physical and sexual assault, robbery, murder, physical and mental health problems, and drug and alcohol addiction. Though all sex workers are at risk for the problems listed, some studies suggest that sex workers who engage in street-based work have a higher risk for experiencing these issues. Transgender sex workers experience high degrees of discrimination both in and outside of the sex industry and face higher rates of contracting HIV and experiencing violence as a result of their work. In addition, a clear distinction needs to be made between consensual sex work and sex trafficking where there is a lack of control and personal autonomy.
Overview
Roughly 13 percent of the transgender community reports having participated in the sex industry, according to data from the National Transgender Discrimination Survey. Transgender women and other transfeminine individuals are twice as likely to participate in the sex trade than transmasculine people, but transgender men and transmasculine people constitute about a quarter of all transgender sex workers. These statistics reveal that more trans men participate in the sex industry more than previously expected, especially given that many of the resources and discussions about transgender sex workers focus primarily on transgender women. Other statistics such as lack of family support, job loss due to being transgender, and homelessness were higher among transgender people who had participated in the sex trade compared to those who had not.
HIV and other STD rates among transgender sex workers are much higher than those found in transgender non-sex workers. 15.3 percent of those who had done work in the sex industry reported being HIV-positive, whereas only 1.2 percent of non-sex workers reported being HIV-positive. Various groups have been created for the purpose of reducing HIV and STD rates among transgender sex workers. These groups focus on providing resources that transgender people are often unable to access like education, shower facilities, and job placement programs.
Causes and effects
Poverty
Poverty works both as a cause and an effect of sex work. Sex workers as a whole are a vulnerable population due to obstacles like poverty, poor health, and legal and social barriers. A study that collected information on sex work from transgender women of color in San Francisco reported that for some transgender women sex work is a necessary means of survival. For these women, sex work is a way to get food, shelter, or income in a society that precludes them from many other lines of work.
Despite engaging in higher risk activity, transgender sex workers are more likely to receive lower pay than other sex workers. Transgender sex workers with history of homelessness, unemployment, incarceration, mental health issues, violence, emotional, physical, or sexual abuse, or drug use are further at risk of being trapped in a cycle of poverty. Lack of economic opportunities outside of the sex work industry and discrimination may lead to transgender people entering sex work in order to generate income for rent, drugs, medicines, hormones, or gender-related surgeries.
Unemployment
In the United States, there are no explicit legal protections on a federal level for transgender workers based on gender identity or expression. This lack of legal protection places transgender workers in a position to have higher rates of unemployment and greater risk of poverty.
Unemployment rates reported by transgender sex workers were twice those of transgender non-sex workers based on data from the National Transgender Discrimination Survey. A main cause of unemployment among the transgender sex worker population is the compounded stigma of being transgender and being involved in sex work, as both of these populations are unlikely to access health services or job opportunities due to social discrimination. Transgender sex workers of color experience higher rates of unemployment than white sex workers, in addition to being at higher risk for HIV and other STDs.
Transgender sex workers often request, and also have difficulty accessing, job training and placement services. Rates of accessing health care, temporary shelter, and financial assistance are all higher than rates of accessing job placement or job trainings. These rates are also affected by race; for example, African American transgender sex workers were less likely to have access to job programs than Latina transgender sex workers.
Health issues
Sexually transmitted infection risk
Sex workers as a population experience higher risk for various health conditions, including HIV and other sexually transmitted infections (STIs). People engaging in sex exchange services are likely to receive or transmit HIV or other STIs because of the likelihood of engaging in risky sexual behaviors (e.g., sex without a condom, sex with multiple partners) and substance use. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reports that because data for transgender people are not uniformly collected there is a major lack of information about HIV-positive transgender people in the United States. The dearth of information regarding transgender people does not exist solely in the United States, however. There is an urgent need for HIV data for transgender sex workers all around the world, especially in Africa, eastern Europe, and central Asia. This worldwide gap in available information is a result of structural barriers created by the legal structures of different countries and continued criminalization of sex work.
According to the CDC, data collected by local health departments and scientists studying transgender communities have shown high levels of HIV and disparities between racial groups. In a systematic review of HIV infection in the United States, African-American transgender women were most likely to test HIV-positive. 56% of African-American transgender women had positive HIV test results compared to 17% of white transgender women and 16% of Hispanic transgender women. Transgender sex workers, especially transgender women, have a higher risk of carrying or contracting HIV. From the data collected it has been estimated that as many as 1-in-4 transgender female sex workers are HIV-positive. HIV testing programs and HIV prevention programs for transgender individuals could potentially reduce the risk for infection while also helping HIV-positive transgender sex workers access health care.
Transgender sex workers worldwide are at higher risk of contracting HIV and other STIs as well. In a study on sex workers in Jakarta, Indonesia, waria, or third gender people, were found to have HIV rates over five times the rates of cisgender male sex workers and syphilis rates almost 10 times the rates present in the cisgender male sex worker community. The results of this study have implications for the wider population in Jakarta as well, as many of the sex workers interviewed reported bisexual activity. Sex workers in China are often detained in "re-education through labor" (RTL) centers that focus on moral and vocational training. The number of detained sex workers has been on the rise due to the recent uptick in HIV rates among heterosexual men. However, incarceration in an RTL center makes accessing information about HIV and STIs difficult, mostly due to social stigma of imprisonment and sex work in general, which only further increases rates of HIV and STIs in sex workers.
Health care services
Experiences of discrimination in a health care setting can delay a sex worker's willingness to seek medical care in the future. Refusing to seek medical treatment for seemingly minor medical issues may lead to initially innocuous issues becoming more serious and more difficult to treat. Insensitivity from health care professionals has been cited as a reason that sex education and medical services are not accessed. Reports of insensitive behavior among health care providers (e.g., misgendering, using the wrong name, etc.) suggest that some services are lacking in terms of provision of culturally sensitive interactions and possible provisions of trans health care. In addition to the health care problems experienced by transgender men and women, traditional health care plans do not always cover the costs relative to transitioning, which may lead to men and women resorting to alternative methods to pay for transitioning or force them to seek out unsafe methods of making these changes such as using hormones bought off the street or sharing needles while injecting hormones.
Various methods have been implemented to help transgender sex workers gain information about HIV and safe sex practices. The use of mobile outreach units in Lima, Peru was effective in reaching transgender women and identifying HIV-positive transgender women who did not previously know their status. The Sisters program in Thailand, which primarily serves kathoeys, emphasizes the use of peer support networks and outreach efforts and has increased condom usage in kathoey sex worker populations with clients. Despite this success, however, there was no increase in condom usage with casual or long-term partners. While there has been success with implementing HIV prevention programs in different countries around the world, a lack of information about HIV programs for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and especially transgender sex workers limits the extent to which effective, long-term solutions can be produced.
Pre-exposure prophylaxis, or PrEP, is an effective method of preventing HIV contraction when taken regularly and used in combination with condoms. However, barriers to accessing general health care prevent transgender sex workers from accessing PrEP and other HIV-preventing medications as well. Demand for PrEP exists within the transgender sex worker community but low awareness of the drug, cost of the medication, and confusion about where to get PrEP create an environment in which sex workers cannot effectively access it. A study on PrEP usage in the men who have sex with men and transgender women sex worker communities recommended increasing access to PrEP by spreading more accurate information about PrEP as well as providing ways to get PrEP for a cheaper price.
Discrimination
Transgender and sex worker populations have difficulty accessing health care services due to social stigma. This difficulty is further compounded at the intersection of these two populations. A survey of sex workers, which included transgender responses, in four African countries, Kenya, Zimbabwe, Uganda, and South Africa, reported that denial of treatment for injuries associated with physical or sexual assault as well as general public services was common. Recent legal moves within the United States have been made to legalize this kind of discrimination within the health care sector with the First Amendment Defense Act (FADA). In the United States, transgender people do not always have job protections as anti-discrimination bills vary between states, which means that transgender people can lose their job on the basis of their gender identity. Due to this lack of protections, transgender people are at a higher risk of experiencing unemployment and finding employment in unofficial markets like the sex work industry.
In Mexico, transgender sex workers are not included in official HIV prevention materials despite being part of a population that is at a very high risk of contracting HIV. Many factors contribute to this higher risk, such as socioeconomic status, the context in which sex work takes place, and the stigma that is associated with sex work and transgender identity as a whole. However, programs in Mexico that aim for lower rates of HIV and other STIs do not address these root causes directly, instead taking an approach that focuses on quick action by providing condoms and other prevention measures.
Physical and sexual violence
Transgender people are likely to experience high levels of violence and harassment from strangers, people in the home, or people they know. They are also at a higher risk of being victims of sexual or physical assault multiple times. There is also a high prevalence of sexual assault and rape starting at a young age. In the United States, the most common finding across self-surveys and needs assessments is that about 50% of transgender people report unwanted sexual activity. The majority of perpetrators of sexual violence are people who are known to the victim, including partners and family members.
Participating in the sex industry comes with a higher risk of experiencing violence. Sex workers work in a variety of settings and are often open to exploitation, harassment, and physical and sexual abuse from clients, managers, and police.
According to self-reported surveys from sex workers in the U.S. most unwanted sexual violence has come from clients. This violence may be motivated by perpetrators hatred or negative attitudes toward transgender people. Self reported surveys have become a major form of data collection on sex worker violence in part due to research by Departments of Health or social service organizations. Since these institutions have a large focus on data pertaining to sexual activity there are more reports relative to sexual violence in comparison to other forms of violence.
These experiences are not always reported to the police which can affect crime reporting rates, which may be due to mistrust of the police or fear of discrimination. Transgender sex workers around the world experience high levels of police violence in particular. Sex workers in Nepal, Mexico, and other countries often report verbal and physical harassment at the hands of police officers as well as sexual violence in some extreme cases. International human rights guidelines do not provide explicit protections for sex workers but also do not explicitly exclude sex workers, meaning that sex workers facing police brutality are victims of human rights violations. In some cases, police brutality works against the push for limiting the spread of STIs as they confiscate the condoms that sex workers have on them or refuse to use a condom when having sex with them.
See also
SistaazHood
Transgender rights
Transgender discrimination
Transgender inequality
Transgender health care
References
Sex workers
Transgender sexuality
is a private university in Kobe, Hyōgo, Japan.
It was established in 1989 by Tanioka Gakuen Educational Foundation (, founded in 1928), which runs several schools such as Osaka University of Commerce.
Undergraduate schools
School of Progressive Arts
Department of Media Arts
Department of Plastic Arts
School of Design
Department of Visual Design
Department of Fashion and Textile Design
Department of Product Design
Department of Environmental Design
Graduate schools
Integrated Arts Division (Master's courses)
Integrated Design Division (Master's courses)
Arts and Design Division (Doctoral courses)
Notable alumni
Kiyohiko Azuma - manga artist
Keiichi Okabe - video game composer
Yoko Taro - video game director
External links
*
Tanioka Gakuen Educational Foundation
Educational institutions established in 1928
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
Engineering universities and colleges in Japan
1928 establishments in Japan
CYS or Cys may refer to:
Cysteine, an amino acid abbreviated Cys
CYS, IATA and FAA LID airport code for Cheyenne Regional Airport, Wyoming, United States
CYS, station code for Cathays railway station, Cardiff, Wales
California Youth Symphony, a San Francisco Bay Area symphony orchestra for young musicians
Cyprus Organization for Standardization, the Cyprus national standardization body
Cys Kurland, footballer who played for the South African national side in 1947
See also
Cys-la-Commune, a French commune
Capital Gazette Communications, owned by Tribune Publishing through its subsidiary the Baltimore Sun Media Group, publishes the daily The Capital and the twice-weekly Maryland Gazette newspapers and the weeklies Bowie Blade-News and Crofton-West County Gazette. Its offices in Parole, Maryland, an unincorporated area of Anne Arundel County just outside Annapolis, were the site of the Capital Gazette shooting in June 2018. In August 2020, Tribune Publishing announced it was permanently closing the newsroom and would provide workspace as needed at The Baltimore Sun offices.
References
Annapolis, Maryland
Anne Arundel County, Maryland
Newspaper companies of the United States
Tribune Publishing
McKinley Elementary School is located on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
History
The Davenport Board of Education did an evaluation of its elementary school facilities in the 1920s as well as a study of the projected growth of the city and where that growth would take place. The projection was for the number of elementary-aged students to rise by almost three thousand students between 1930 and 1950, but no building plan based on these projections was prepared. The elementary school population, however, already rose to that projection by 1936. The board decided at that time to close twelve of its old elementary school buildings and build six new ones. The plan would cost the school district $2.5 million with the federal government contributing 45% of the costs as part of the Public Works Administration. In addition to McKinley, the new elementary schools included Monroe, Lincoln, Madison, Washington, and Jefferson.
The floor plans for all six school buildings were designed by the Chicago architectural firm of Smith & Childs, and they are all similar in layout. Local architects were employed to design the stylistic features for each building. The Davenport architectural firm of Kruse & Parrish was chosen for McKinley. The building was constructed by Tunnicliff Construction Co. Ground for the new building was broken in 1939 and classes were begun in 1940. Davenport's population continued to increase after World War II and in 1953 second story classrooms were built on the projecting ends of the building and a two-story addition that included classrooms and a cafeteria in the lower level was added to the northwest corner of the building. Two years later Hoover Elementary School was built to the west to elevate congestion at both McKinley and Lincoln. Enrollment continued to climb during the 1960s and started to decline in the 1970s. The decline has continued into the first decade of the 21st-century.
Architecture
McKinley Elementary School is a three-story structure set on a basement composed of steel-reinforced concrete. The exterior is covered in dark red brick that is accented with limestone. A flat roof tops the building. The classrooms at both ends of the building project slightly from the main facade. There is a bay window on the south side. The main entrance into the building is a tripartite door with a Gothic arch transom above. It is capped with heavy decorative stonework that features a carving of a book and beehive above the door. The library windows above the entrance are also surrounded by stone. The roof level features crenallated brick with a stone coping. The windows are organized in groups of two, they have decorative stone lintels and they are connected to a stone belt-course. The 1953 addition was built using the same brick and stone belt-course as the original building.
The library, gymnasium, auditorium, science, art, and vocal music rooms are located in the center of the building. Also in the center of the building is a separate community room for use by local citizens. The classrooms are separated from these common areas. A kindergarten room with its own exterior entrance is located on the south side of the building. The gymnasium, auditorium, and the community room are opposite the main entrance and the school office on the first floor. The library is located above the entrance on the second floor. The science, art, and music rooms are located above the gymnasium, auditorium, and the community room on the third floor. They and their storage rooms are the only rooms on that floor.
See also
Davenport Community School District
References
External links
School Website
School buildings completed in 1940
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Schools in Davenport, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Davenport, Iowa
Public Works Administration in Iowa
Collegiate Gothic architecture in Iowa
Elementary schools in Iowa
Grace is the seventh and penultimate episode of fifth series of the British teen drama Skins, which first aired on 3 March 2011 on E4. It focuses on Grace's (Jessica Sula) effort to get a good mark in her AS Drama by directing a production of William Shakespeare's Twelfth Night in order to be allowed by her father, David Blood, to stay at Roundview College.
Synopsis
Rich and Grace wake up after having sex, and Grace realises, to her horror, that they are at her house, which she has always tried to avoid. It turns out that her father is David Blood, the Roundview College headmaster. She attempts to smuggle Rich out without her father noticing, but he is discovered after being attacked by the aggressive family dog, and Grace is forced to acknowledge him as her boyfriend.
Blood firmly informs his daughter that their "experiment" is over and it is time she returned to her old boarding school, Mayberry's College For Young Ladies. After Grace protests, he agrees that she may stay on the condition that she gets only As, starting now from her AS drama exam, a production of Twelfth Night, which stars the entire gang except Nick. Her relief turns to fear when Liv, a lead, forces Matty to quit as well, saying it is because she feels the gang are still angry with her for what she did with Nick. In fact, she is actually doing it because she has grown suspicious that Franky loves Matty, after watching them rehearse a particularly emotional scene from the play. Grace, after hearing Liv's excuse, decides to invite her, along with the other girls, to her house for a girl's night. Meanwhile, Rich is called into Professor Blood's office, where Blood has his academic records and his father's employment records. He offers to help Rich and give his father a better position in the Civil Service, if he sabotages Grace's play, leaving Rich in a difficult choice to either help his not-so-well-off family or Grace.
Shortly after, he agrees to invite Rich to dinner - which is very awkward, mostly due to his continual glaring at him. After dinner, Rich has a quiet argument with Grace, noting that she is a different person around her parents than when around him. Then the three girls arrive for the promised girls' night. They are shocked to discover Grace's secret, but then go up to Grace's room. There, she attempts to get them to rehearse, but they give in to Liv's offer of cocaine. While high, Franky's sexuality is brought up again, this time by Mini. When Franky gives the very vague response of saying she is "into people," Liv suspiciously asks her who she is "into" at the moment. Seeing Franky is unwilling to answer this question, Grace changes the subject.
After Professor Blood becomes suspicious, they quickly leave and go to a nearby nightclub. There, Mini and Franky go off to flirt with two unattractive men as a joke, and Grace discovers the rest of the gang are there. Tensions arise when Matty, seeing that one of the men is being too forward with Franky, marches over and scares him off, only to get into an argument with Mini and Liv. Grace then attempts to leave with a drunk Rich. Rich, however, firmly informs her that he doesn't know who is the real Grace, and angrily walks home himself. The next morning, Grace complains to her mother about the difficulty of her task and keeping her friends together. Her mother reminds her of the tale of Rapunzel, which she used to tell her when she was small. Deciding to "take control and be creative", Grace instructs Mini, who is standing in for Liv, to kiss Franky, the next morning at rehearsal. Her argument with Rich continues when he questions whether they are right for each other. Crying, she goes to the theatre. There, she tests the acoustics by reciting Hamlet's "To Be or Not To Be" soliloquy with Doug. The words resonate with her and, feeling empowered, she goes to Matty's and demands that he return to the play. He does, but there is a noticeable tension between him and Franky, made clear when she avoids his kiss. Seeing that not having Liv around will affect her grade, Grace gets frustrated, and goes to look for her. After finding her, she talks her into returning to the play.
Grace's production begins well, with Liv and Franky performing their scene well with limited practice together. Rich evidently does not sabotage the play, even shooting Professor Blood a defiant look as he performs his scene. However, having seen Matty's shocked reaction at seeing her kiss Franky, Liv has a heated, but very quiet argument with him backstage. She demands to know if he is in love with Franky. When he fails to respond, she tearfully informs him that they'll be good together. But Grace intervenes and tells her to stay. Angry, Liv tells Matty to forget Franky, who is left in something of a state just minutes before she is meant to go on again. But they are successful in performing the final scene and receive a standing ovation. But, to Grace's fury, she discovers that her father has been deceiving her the whole time – despite the fact that she got a good grade, he actually intends to send her back to her old school anyway. He protests, "I just want better for you", to which she coldly responds, "No, David, you just want a different daughter". Her mother comes into her room later that evening, and once again attempts to make her feel better with more stories, but she coldly scoffs at her mother for filling her head with lies and fantasies that mask her reality, causing her mother to leave unhappily.
At that moment, Rich turns up outside her window and serenades her by reciting some verses from Romeo and Juliet. He climbs up the drainpipe into her room and, beginning to cry, asks her to marry him. She replies with Miranda's speech from The Tempest: O wonder! How many goodly creatures are there here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world! That has such people in it!
References
Skins (British TV series) episodes
2011 British television episodes
Valley is a low area between hills.
Valley may also refer to:
Places
Canada
Valley, Nova Scotia
Germany
Valley, Bavaria
United States
Valley, Alabama
Valley, Nebraska
Valley, New Jersey
Valley, Ohio
Valley, Providence, Rhode Island, a neighborhood
Valley, Washington
Valley, West Virginia
Valley, Wisconsin
Valley Creek (Pennsylvania), a tributary of the Schuylkill River in Pennsylvania
Valley Mountains, of Utah
Wales
Valley, Anglesey
People
Alvin Valley, American fashion designer
Dylan Valley, South African film producer
F. Wayne Valley (1914–1986), American businessman, original part-owner and managing partner of the Oakland Raiders
Mark Valley (born 1964), American actor
Paul Michael Valley (born 1966), American actor
Arts, entertainment, and media
Valley (band), a Canadian indie pop band
Valley (video game), a first-person adventure game
The Big Valley, an American Western television series (1965–1969)
Valley Records, a record label
Brands and enterprises
Valley-Dynamo LLC
Valley Co., an American manufacturer of pool tables; now a subsidiary of Valley-Dynamo LLC
Other uses
Valley girl, a socio-economic classification
Valleyspeak or Valspeak, an American sociolect primarily associated with Valley girls
Valley railway station, Wales
See also
Vallay
The Valley (disambiguation)
Valley Center (disambiguation)
Valley City (disambiguation)
Valley County (disambiguation)
Valley Township (disambiguation)
Valley View (disambiguation)
Matthew James Perry Jr. (August 3, 1921 – July 29, 2011) was an attorney and in 1979 appointed as the first African-American United States District Judge in South Carolina, serving on the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina. In 1976 he had been the first African-American attorney from the Deep South to be appointed to the federal judiciary, which he served on the United States Court of Military Appeals. Perry established his career with civil rights litigation, defending Gloria Blackwell in Orangeburg, South Carolina, in her 1962 suit against her arrest for sitting in the whites-only area of the regional hospital while waiting for emergency treatment for her daughter. Other landmark cases included achieving the integration of Clemson University and reapportionment of the state legislature.
Early life, military service, education, and career
Born in Columbia, South Carolina, Perry attended local segregated schools and started college studying business. He served during World War II in the United States Army from 1943 to 1946. He finished college after the war, receiving a Bachelor of Science degree from South Carolina State University in 1948. He went on to earn a Juris Doctor from South Carolina State University School of Law in 1951. He was in private practice in Spartanburg, South Carolina from 1951 to 1961.
Civil rights activism
Moving to the state capital of Columbia, Perry was in private practice from 1961 to 1976. He built his reputation as a civil rights attorney in the 1960s. When finishing his undergraduate degree after WWII, Perry concluded that he needed to learn and practice law, due to "a growing awareness of racial injustices, many of them manifested by state laws."
Perry gained notoriety by representing Gloria Blackwell, an African-American teacher in Orangeburg, South Carolina, who was arrested with her daughter Lurma Rackley for sitting in a "whites only" waiting room while awaiting emergency treatment for the girl. Perry insisted that he be allowed to build the case around racial discrimination. He was charged with contempt and briefly jailed for making what the court deemed to be "remarks disrespectful to the court." The case against Blackwell was eventually dismissed by the court, and the hospital was integrated thanks in part to Perry's efforts.
Perry led the successful court case in 1963 for Harvey B. Gantt to integrate Clemson University. Gantt successfully enrolled and graduated, the first African-American student to enroll at the formerly all-white institution. Perry also led a major South Carolina reapportionment case in 1972, to require redistricting in order to more fairly represent urban areas in relation to their population, based on the "one man, one vote" principle. Numerous state legislatures had not redistricted since the beginning of the 20th century, although required to review apportionment after every decennial census.
Perry ran for the United States House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1974, but lost to Republican incumbent Floyd Spence.
Chief United States District Judge Joseph Anderson once wrote "to say that Matthew Perry was good in the courtroom is like saying Mickey Mantle knew how to swing a bat . . . Aristotle taught that lawyers and judges should be the very personification of justice. Matthew J. Perry Jr. comes as close as any person I have known to meeting Aristotle's ideal." Perry led many landmark civil rights cases, including the case that resulted in the integration of Clemson University through the Perry won the case that forced Clemson University administrators to accept and enroll African-American students.
He managed to win over everyone he came across in the process of litigation, including opponents. Former Clemson President Robert Cook Edwards stated that "Matthew Perry's gentle personality and character were the ingredients that made it (the peaceful integration of Clemson) possible to happen without bloodshed."
Federal judicial service
Perry was the first African-American lawyer from the Deep South to be appointed to the federal judiciary. In 1976, President Gerald Ford appointed Perry to the United States Military Court of Appeals (now the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces) in Washington, D.C. Perry's nomination was even supported by Senator Strom Thurmond, known as a segregationist and Dixiecrat. Perry had dated Thurmond's daughter, Essie Mae Washington-Williams, briefly in 1947.
On July 5, 1979, Perry was nominated by President Jimmy Carter to a new seat on the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina created by 92 Stat. 1629. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 19, 1979, and received his commission the following day. He was the first African-American federal judge in South Carolina. He assumed senior status on October 1, 1995 and continued to be active at court until his death.
Death
Perry was found dead, aged 89, at his home in Columbia on Sunday July 31, 2011 by a family member. His wife Hallie was reportedly in poor health. He was reported to have died on Friday after attending court that day.
Honors
2005, a new federal courthouse in Columbia, South Carolina was named for him.
A parking garage in Columbia, South Carolina bears his name.
See also
List of African-American jurists
List of first minority male lawyers and judges in South Carolina
References
Sources
1921 births
2011 deaths
Lawyers from Columbia, South Carolina
South Carolina State University alumni
Military personnel from South Carolina
African-American judges
African-American lawyers
Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina
United States district court judges appointed by Jimmy Carter
20th-century American judges
South Carolina Democrats
United States Army personnel of World War II
Various types of vehicles may be known as Transporters:
on railways:
Transporter wagon, for carrying railway wagons of one gauge on another gauge
on roads:
Animal transporter, for livestock and other animals
Self Propelled Modular Transporter, for general heavy road haulage
Tank transporter, for military tanks over long distances
on other places:
Crawler-transporter, for the US Space Shuttle
Transporter erector launcher, for military missiles
Shipyard transporter, for sections of ship hulls and other heavy objects
ja:トランスポーター (車両)
Ab Jahan (, also Romanized as Āb Jahān and Āb-e Jahān; also known as Ab-e Sahān) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 388, in 113 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Quchan County
The 2018 Ohio Valley Conference women's basketball tournament ended the 2017–18 season of Ohio Valley Conference women's basketball. The tournament was held February 28–March 3 at Ford Center in Evansville, Indiana. Regular-season champion Belmont won the tournament and with it the OVC's automatic berth in the NCAA tournament.
Format
The OVC women's tournament is a traditional single-elimination tournament featuring the top eight teams in the conference regular-season standings. This differs from the format used in the OVC men's tournament; while that tournament also involves only eight of the league's 12 members, it has a radically different format, consisting of two stepladder brackets that produce the tournament finalists. The women's tournament is seeded so that the #8 seed faces the #1 seed in the first round, #7 faces #2, and so on. There is no reseeding, so if the #8 team were to defeat the #1 seed it would continue in the tournament playing the team which would have faced the #1 seed in the subsequent round (winner of #4 vs. #5).
Seeds
Bracket
All times central. Television
References
Ohio Valley Conference women's basketball tournament
Sports in Evansville, Indiana
2017–18 Ohio Valley Conference women's basketball season
Coccothrinax rigida is a palm which is endemic to eastern Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. rigida to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
rigida
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1866
Taxa named by Odoardo Beccari
1966 saw Racing Club win the league title, it would be their last national title for 35 years. Argentina played in the 1966 FIFA World Cup, reaching the quarter-finals.
League table
Relegation
There was no relegation after the decision to suspend relegation in preparation for the new Nacional and Metropolitano system.
Copa Libertadores
Two teams qualified for Copa Libertadores 1967, Racing Club as champions and River Plate as runners-up
Copa Libertadores 1966
River Plate: Runners-up
Independiente: Semi-finalist
Boca Juniors: Semi-finalist
Argentina national team
World Cup
1966 FIFA World Cup: Quarter finalist
References
Argentina 1966 by Osvaldo José Gorgazzi at rsssf.
Copa Libertadores 1966 by Martín Tabeira at rsssf.
pl:I liga argentyńska w piłce nożnej (1966)
Kauffman Glacier () is a broad, smooth glacier, long, flowing eastward into the head of Palmer Inlet on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey in 1974, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Thomas A. Kauffman, a United States Antarctic Research Program biologist and Station Scientific Leader at Palmer Station in 1973.
References
Glaciers of Palmer Land
Coccothrinax garciana is a palm which is endemic to Holguín Province, Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. garciana to be a synonym of Coccothrinax pauciramosa.
References
garciana
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1939
Goodenia corynocarpa is a species of flowering plant in the family Goodeniaceae and endemic to near-coastal areas in the west of Western Australia. It is a herb with linear to elliptic leaves at the base of the plant, and racemes of yellow flowers.
Description
Goodenia corynocarpa is an erect herb that typically grows to a height of . The leaves are linear to elliptic, long, wide and arranged at the base of the plant. The flowers are arranged in racemes up to long with leaf-like bracts at the base, each flower on a pedicel up to long. The sepals are lance-shaped, long and the corolla is yellow and long. The lower lobes of the corolla are long with wings about wide. Flowering has been observed in August and the fruit is a narrow cylindrical capsule long.
Taxonomy and naming
Goodenia corynocarpa was first formally described in 1860 by Ferdinand von Mueller in Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae from material collected near the Murchison River by Augustus Oldfield. The specific epithet (corynocarpa) means "club-fruited".
Distribution and habitat
This goodenia grows on grassy plains in near-coastal areas of Western Australia between Onslow and the Murchison River.
Conservation status
Goddenia corynocarpa is classified as "not threatened" by the Department of Environment and Conservation (Western Australia).
References
corynocarpa
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1860
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
The 2021–22 Bucknell Bison men's basketball team represented Bucknell University in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bison, led by seventh-year head coach Nathan Davis, played their home games at Sojka Pavilion in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania as members of the Patriot League.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Bison finished the 2020–21 season 5–7, 4–6 in Patriot League play to finish in second place in the Central Division. As the No. 6 seed in the Patriot League Tournament, they upset Lafayette in the quarterfinals, before losing to eventual tournament champions Colgate in the semifinals.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Patriot League regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Patriot League Tournament
Sources
References
Bucknell Bison men's basketball seasons
Bucknell Bison
Bucknell Bison men's basketball
Bucknell Bison men's basketball
This is a List of compositions by Charles Villiers Stanford.
Operas
The Veiled Prophet (1877, perf. 1881)
Savonarola (1883, perf. 1884)
The Canterbury Pilgrims (1883, perf. 1884)
The Miner of Falun (1888 Act I only; abandoned, unpub.)
Lorenza, Op. 55 (1894, unperformed, unpub.)
Shamus O'Brien, Op. 61 (1895, perf. 1896)
Christopher Patch, the Barber of Bath, Op. 69 (1897, unperformed)
Much Ado About Nothing or The Marriage of Hero, Op. 76a (1900, perf. 1901)
The Critic, or An Opera Rehearsed, Op. 144 (1915, perf. 1916)
The Travelling Companion, Op. 146 (1916, perf. posth. 1925)
Orchestral works
Symphonies
No. 1 in B flat major (1876)
No. 2 in D minor, "Elegiac" (1882)
No. 3 in F minor, "Irish", Op. 28 (1887)
No. 4 in F major, Op. 31 (1888)
No. 5 in D major, "L'Allegro ed il Pensieroso", Op. 56 (1894)
No. 6 in E flat major, "In Memoriam G. F. Watts", Op. 94 (1905)
No. 7 in D minor, Op. 124 (1911)
Concertos
Piano Concerto No. 0 in B flat major, WoO (early- no. "0") (1874)
Violin Concerto No. 0 in D major, WoO (early, 1875)
Cello Concerto in D minor, WoO (1879/1880)
Suite in D for violin and orchestra, Op. 32
Piano Concerto No. 1 in G major, Op. 59
Concert Variations upon an English Theme "Down Among the Dead Men" for piano and orchestra in C minor, Op. 71
Violin Concerto No. 1 in D major, Op. 74
Clarinet Concerto in A minor, Op. 80 (1902)
Piano Concerto No. 2 in C minor, Op. 126 (1911)
Violin Concerto No. 2 in G minor, Op.162 (1918; unfinished, orchestrated by Jeremy Dibble)
Piano Concerto No. 3 in E flat major, Op. 171 (1919; unfinished, orchestrated by Geoffrey Bush)
Variations for violin and orchestra, Op, 180 (1921)
Concert Piece for organ and orchestra, Op. 181 (1921)
Irish Rhapsodies
Irish Rhapsody for orchestra No. 1 in D minor, Op. 78
Irish Rhapsody for orchestra No. 2 in F minor, Op. 84 ("The Lament for the Son of Ossian")
Irish Rhapsody for cello and orchestra No. 3, Op. 137
Irish Rhapsody for orchestra No. 4 in A minor, Op. 141 ("The Fisherman of Loch Neagh and what he saw")
Irish Rhapsody for orchestra No. 5 in G minor, Op. 147
Irish Rhapsody for violin and orchestra No. 6, Op. 191
Other orchestral works
Funeral March 'The Martyrdom'
Oedipus Rex, incidental music, Op. 29
A Welcome March, Op. 87
Choral works
Anthems and motets
Pater Noster (1874)
And I saw another Angel (Op. 37, No. 1) (1885)
If thou shalt confess (Op. 37, No. 2) (1885)
Three Latin Motets (Op. 38, published 1905)
Beati quorum via
Coelos ascendit hodie
Justorum animae
Ye Choirs of New Jerusalem (Op. 123, published 1911)
Eternal Father (Op.135)
For lo, I raise up (Op. 145)
The Lord is my Shepherd (composed 1886)
Why seek ye the living? (c. 1890)
Engelberg (1904)
'How beauteous are their feet' (published 1923)
Services
Morning, Evening, and Communion services:
B-flat major (Op. 10)
A-major (Op. 12)
F-major (Op. 36)
G-major (Op. 81)
C-major (Op. 115)
Festal Communion Service B flat major (Op. 128) (1910/11)
D major for Unison Choir (1923)
Magnificat and Nunc dimittis settings:
E flat major (1873; publ. 1996)
F major (Queens' Service) (1872; edited Ralph Woodward and publ. 1995)
on the 2nd and 3rd Gregorian Modes (1907)
A major (Op. 12)
B flat major (Op. 10)
C major (Op. 115)
G major (Op. 81)
Magnificat in B flat major for unaccompanied double choir, Op. 164 (September 1918): dedicated to the memory of Parry
Part-Songs
4 Part-Songs for SATB, Op. 47 (1892)
Soft, soft wind
Sing heigh ho
Airly Beacon
The Knight's tomb
4 Part-Songs, for Male Voices TTBB, Op. 106
Autumn Leaves
Love's Folly
To his flocks
Fair Phyllis
4 Part-Songs, for SATB (also for SSAA) Op. 110
Valentine's Day
Dirge
The Fairies
Heraclitus
3 Part-Songs, for SATB Op. 111
A Lover's Ditty
The Praise of Spring
The Patient Lover
8 Part-Songs for SATB, Op. 119 (to poems by Mary Coleridge)
The Witch
Farewell, my joy
The Blue Bird
The Train
The Inkbottle
The Swallow
Chillingham
My heart in thine
8 Part-Songs for SATB, Op. 127 (to poems by Mary Coleridge)
Plighted
Veneta
When Mary thro' the garden went
The Haven
The Guest
Larghetto
Wilderspin
To a Tree
Miscellaneous
On Time, Choral Song for unaccompanied double choir, Op. 142 Poem by John Milton
Six Elizabethan Pastorals for SATB, Op. 49
To his flocks
Corydon, Arise!
Diaphenia
Sweet love for me
Damon's Passion
Phoebe
Six Elizabethan Pastorals for SATB (Second set), Op. 53
On a hill there grows a flower
Like Desert Woods
Praised be Diana
Cupid and Rosalind
O shady vales
The Shepherd Doron's jig
Six Elizabethan Pastorals for SATB (Third set), Op. 67
A carol for Christmas
The Shepherd's anthem
Shall we go dance?
Love in prayers
Of disdainful Daphne
Love's fire
Six Irish Folksongs for SATB, Op. 78
Oh! breathe not his name
What the bee is to the flow'ret
At the mid hour of night
The Sword of Erin
It is not the tear
Oh the sight entrancing
Works for choir and orchestra
The Resurrection, for tenor, choir and orchestra (1875) (Words by Friedrich Gottlieb Klopstock)
Elegiac Ode, Op. 21 (1884), words from When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloom'd by Walt Whitman
The Revenge, a ballad of the fleet, Op. 24 (1886) Words by Alfred, Lord Tennyson
Mass in G major, Op. 46
Missa 'Via Victrix 1914-1918' for solo soprano, contralto, tenor, bass, chorus, organ and orchestra, Op. 173 (1919)
Requiem, Op. 63 (1896)
Te Deum, Op. 66 (1898; written for the Leeds Festival)
Songs of the Sea for solo baritone, choir (mixed or men's voices) ad lib. and orchestra, Op. 91 (words by Henry Newbolt)
Stabat Mater, "Symphonic Cantata" for solo soprano, mezzo-soprano, tenor, bass, choir and orchestra, Op. 96 (1906)
Song to the Soul, for choir and orchestra, Op. 97b (1913) (words by Walt Whitman)
Songs of the Fleet for solo baritone, SATB and orchestra, Op. 117 (words by Henry Newbolt)
At the Abbey Gate, cantata for solo baritone, SATB and orchestra, Op. 177 (1921)
Songs for solo voice(s) and piano
Six Songs (Op. 19)
3 Songs to poems by Robert Bridges (Op. 43)
A Cycle of (9) Songs from The Princess of Alfred, Lord Tennyson for Quartet of solo voices (SATB) and piano (Op. 68)
An Irish Idyll in Six Miniatures, words from "Songs of the Glens of Antrim" (Corrymeela; The Fairy Lough; Cuttin' Rushes; Johneen; A Broken Song; Back to Ireland) by Moira O'Neill (Op. 77)
Songs of Faith Set 1 (Tennyson) (Op. 97, 1-3)
Songs of Faith Set 2 (Walt Whitman) (Op. 97, 4-6)
A Sheaf of Songs from Leinster: 6 songs to words by Winifred Mary Letts (Op. 140)
Crossing the bar Words by Alfred, Lord Tennyson
La belle dame sans merci, poem by John Keats
A Corsican Dirge, poem translated from the Corsican by Alma Strettell
Prospice, poem by Robert Browning
The Milkmaid's song and The Lute Song, poems from "Queen Mary" by Alfred, Lord Tennyson
To Carnations, poem by Robert Herrick
Why so pale?, poem by Sir John Suckling
Chamber music
String quartets
No. 1 in G major, Op. 44 (1891)
No. 2 in A minor, Op. 45 (1891)
No. 3 in D minor, Op. 64 (1897)
No. 4 in G minor, Op. 99 (1907)
No. 5 in B flat major, Op. 104 (1908)
No. 6 in A minor, Op. 122 (1910)
No. 7 in C minor, Op. 166 (1919)
No. 8 in E minor, Op. 167 (1919)
Other works for string ensemble
String quintet No. 1 in F major, Op. 85 for two violins, two violas & cello (1903)
String quintet No. 2 in C minor, Op. 86 (1903)
Piano trios
No. 1 in E flat major, Op. 35 (1889)
No. 2 in G minor, Op. 73 (1899)
No. 3 in A "Per aspera ad astra", Op. 158 (1918)
Works for violin and piano
Sonata No. 1 in D major, Op. 11 (1880)
Sonata No. 2 in A major, Op. 70 (1898)
Sonata No. 3, Op. 165 (1919)
Legend, WoO (1893)
Irish Fantasies, Op. 54 (1894)
Five Characteristic Pieces, Op. 93 (1905)
Six Irish Sketches, Op. 154 (1917)
Six Easy Pieces, Op. 155 (1917)
Five Bagatelles, Op. 183 (1921)
Six Irish Dances
Other works for solo instrument and piano
Sonata No. 1 in A major for violoncello & piano, Op. 9 (1878)
Sonata No. 2 in D minor for violoncello & piano, Op. 39 (1893)
Three Intermezzi for clarinet & piano, Op. 13 (1880)
Sonata for clarinet (or viola) & piano, Op. 129 (1912)
Other works for strings and piano
Piano quartet No. 1 in F major, Op. 15 (1879)
Piano quartet No. 2, Op. 133 (1912)
Piano quintet in D minor, Op. 25 (1887)
Serenade in F major for Nonet, Op. 95 (1906)
Fantasy No. 1 in G minor for clarinet & string quartet, WoO (1921)
Fantasy No. 2 in F major for clarinet & string quartet, WoO (1922)
Phantasy for horn & string quartet in A minor, WoO (1922)
Piano music
Piano Suite (4), Op. 2
Toccata in C Major, Op. 3
Old and New Dances (10), Op. 58
Dante Rhapsodies (3), Op. 92
Characteristic Pieces (6), Op. 132
Capriccios (5), Op. 136
Night Thoughts (6), Op. 148
Scènes de ballet (6), Op. 150
Preludes in all the keys (24), Set I, Op. 163
Ballade, Op. 170
Waltzes (3), Op. 178
Preludes in all the keys (24), Set II, Op. 179
A Toy Story (6)
Elementary Sketches (6)
Fancies (3)
Novellettes (2)
Primary Sketches (6)
Song-Tunes (6)
Waltzes (6) and Coda (1)
Organ music
Chorale Preludes (8)
Chorale Preludes, Op. 182
Fantasia and Toccata, Op. 57 (1894, revised 1917)
Fantasie on Intercessor, Op. 187
Four Intermezzi
Idyl and Fantasia, Op. 121
Intermezzo on Londonderry Air, Op. 189
Prelude and Fugue in E minor
Quasi una Fantasia (1921)
Six Occasional Preludes, 2 books
Six Preludes, Op. 88
Six Short Preludes and Postludes, Op. 101
Six Short Preludes and Postludes, Op. 105
On a theme of Orlando Gibbons Song 34: The Angels' Song
On a theme of Orlando Gibbons Song 22:
Lento
On a theme of Orlando Gibbons Song 24:
Trio
Allegro
Sonata No. 1, Op. 149 (1917)
Sonata "Eroica" No. 2, Op. 151 (1917)
Sonata "Britannica" No. 3, Op. 152 (1918)
Sonata "Celtica" No. 4, Op. 153 (1920)
Sonata "Quasi Una Fantasia" No. 5, Op. 159 (1921)
Te Deum Laudamus Fantasy
Three Preludes and Fugues, Op. 193 (1923)
Toccata and Fugue in D minor (1907)
Fantasie and Fugue in D minor, Op. 103 (1907)
Miscellaneous
11-bell version of the Whittington chimes (1905)
References
Stanford
Ana Gabriela Wolfermann (born Caracas, Venezuela, on March 20, 2001) is a Venezuelan-American actress, host, singer, and content creator. She is known for her role as Rosie Rivera on Telemundo's Netflix series Mariposa de Barrio and for her rising social media presence through her TikTok account.
She has lived in Miami, Florida since her family immigrated to the United States in 2008.
Education
Ana Wolfermann graduated from Coral Gables Senior High School in Miami, Florida in 2019 with a Bilingual International Baccalaureate Diploma. Then she went on to study film, television, and theatre at the University of Notre Dame, where she is currently a third year student pursuing a Bachelor of Arts Degree.
Career
At 14 years old, she made her debut in Telemundo's television series, Bajo el Mismo Cielo. She played the young version of Adela Morales (protagonist). In 2016, Wolfermann portrayed Sara Aguilar in television series Eva La Trailera where she shared scenes with Edith Gonzales and Javier Díaz Dueñas.
For 2017, she was chosen in the main cast of television series Mariposa de Barrio, now streaming on Netflix internationally. She portrayed teenage Rosie Rivera from the ages of 12-17, sister of the famous mexican singer Jenni Rivera, and shared scenes with actors such as Angelica Celaya, Samadhi Zendejas and Gabriel Porras. In a Telemundo live digital interview in 2018, Wolfermann explained that the role of Rosie Rivera allowed her to truly develop her talent at 15 years old, as she was challenged with interpreting scenes of complex psychological trauma, rebellion, fights, sexual abuse, and drug and alcohol consumption.
Also, she was part of the main cast in the episode of “El Milagro del Niño Diego” in Telemundo's mini series Milagros de Navidad. She played Gabriela Johnson and shared scenes with Litzy Dominguez, who played her mother.
In 2018, Wolfermann played Sandy Ryan in Telemundo's television series Mi Familia Perfecta. She shared scenes with actors such as Gala Montes, Jorge Luis Moreno, Sabrian Seara and Paulina Matos.
Other Work
Theatre
In 2019, Wolfermann played the lead role of Felicia Alvarado in Anne García-Romero's, Staging the Daffy Dame, production at the University of Notre Dame, directed by Kevin Dreyer.
Content Creation
In 2020, when the pandemic began, Wolfermann began to create videos on TikTok. On her social media she shares her college lifestyle videos, her personal goals, advice to young girls, and her fashion interests, while focusing on promoting positivity, creativity and love.
Recognitions
In 2021, she was awarded the best local Tik Toker in Miami Magazine.
Filmography
References
2001 births
Living people
Expo '70 (also written Expo Seventy) is an American drone / space rock group, founded in 2003 by Justin Wright in Los Angeles, California, who shortly afterwards moved back to his native Kansas City, Missouri. Expo '70 is mainly the project of Wright, but often features additional musicians in the studio and is a trio live. Wright also runs his own record label called Sonic Meditations.
References
External links
Expo Seventy official website
Expo '70 on Bandcamp
Expo '70 on Facebook
Psychedelic rock music groups from California
Musical groups established in 2003
Musical groups from Los Angeles
American space rock musical groups
This article displays the qualifying draw for men's singles at the 2021 Australian Open.
For the first time in Grand Slam history, the qualifying tournament took place at Khalifa International Tennis and Squash Complex in Doha, Qatar, due to Australia's quarantine restrictions resulting from the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic. Only qualified players and players eligible for a 'Lucky loser' spot were then able to travel to Melbourne for the main draw of the 2021 Australian Open.
Seeds
Qualifiers
Lucky losers
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
Seventh qualifier
Eighth qualifier
Ninth qualifier
Tenth qualifier
Eleventh qualifier
Twelfth qualifier
Thirteenth qualifier
Fourteenth qualifier
Fifteenth qualifier
Sixteenth qualifier
References
External links
Qualifying draw information
2021 Australian Open – Men's qualifying draw and results
2021 Australian Open – Men's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Men's Singles Qualifying
2021 Men's Singles
2021 in Qatari sport
Senator Engstrom may refer to:
Elton Engstrom Jr. (1935–2013), Alaska State Senate
Elton Engstrom Sr. (1905–1963), Alaska State Senate
The Barnert Memorial Temple is a Reform Jewish synagogue in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey. It houses the Congregation B'nai Jeshurun (Children of the Upright) which was founded in Paterson, New Jersey in 1847. In 1987, the Congregation moved to a new temple building in Franklin Lakes, NJ. The name "Barnert Memorial Temple" originally referred to its landmark building at Broadway and Straight Street in Paterson. It was named for Miriam Barnert, the wife of Nathan Barnert, a local real estate developer and Mayor of Paterson, who donated the building as a memorial to her. The Paterson building was deconsecrated and converted into a warehouse in 1970.
References
External links
Reform synagogues in New Jersey
Osain is a village in the west-central part of Bihiya block in Bhojpur district, Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 6,308, in 966 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
The Yucatán dry forests are a tropical dry broadleaf forest ecoregion in southern Mexico. It includes the dry forests of the northwestern Yucatán Peninsula.
Geography
The Yucatán dry forests occupy the northwestern portion of the Yucatán Peninsula. They cover most of the state of Yucatán, the northern portion of Campeche, and small areas of northwestern Quintana Roo. It is bounded on the east and south by the Yucatán moist forests ecoregion. The Gulf of Mexico lies to the north and west, and the coast is fringed with mangroves.
The region is mostly flat, lying below 400 meters elevation. The underlying rocks are porous limestone and coral, and the region has extensive underground drainage, including caverns and sinkholes, with few surface streams or rivers.
The cities of Mérida and Campeche are located in the ecoregion.
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is tropical and subhumid. Rainfall is less than 1200 mm per year, with a long dry season.
Flora
The predominant vegetation is open-canopied dry forest and thorn scrub. Most trees and shrubs are deciduous, losing their leaves during the long dry season. Cacti are common, particularly nearer the coast. Grassy and herbaceous understory plants are generally sparse.
In the drier central portion of the ecoregion, (Lysiloma bahamensis) and jabín (Piscidia piscipula) are the predominant trees, with Alvaradoa amorphoides, Bursera simaruba, Cedrela mexicana, Chlorophora tinctoria, Cordia gerascanthus, and Lonchocarpus rugosus. Elsewhere Vitex gaumeri, Brosimum alicastrum, Caesalpinia gaumeri, Cedrela odorata, Ceiba pentandra, and Sideroxylon foetidissimum are common.
Along the northern coast tall columnar cacti are abundant. Common species include Cephalocereus gaumeri, Pterocereus gaumeri, and Lemaireocereus griseus.
About 10% of plants are endemic to the ecoregion. The tropical moist forests to the south isolate the Yucatán dry forests from other dry forest ecoregions in Mexico and Central America.
Fauna
Approximately 96 mammal species are native to the ecoregion. These include the jaguar (Panthera onca), white-nosed coati (Nasua narica), black-handed spider monkey (Ateles geoffroyi), and southern opossum (Didelphis marsupialis).
Over 290 bird species inhabit the ecoregion, with two endemic species. Resident birds include white-fronted amazon (Amazona albifrons) and lesser yellow-headed vulture (Cathartes burrovianus).
Native reptiles include the Mexican beaded lizard (Heloderma horridum).
Conservation and protected areas
Extensive areas of dry forest have been cleared for cattle ranching and for agriculture, including henequén plantations. A 2017 assessment found that only 278 km², or 3%, of the ecoregion is in protected areas. Protected areas include Ría Lagartos Biosphere Reserve, Los Petenes Biosphere Reserve, Anillo de Cenotes State Reserve, Dzilam State Reserve, and Puuc Biocultural State Reserve.
See also
List of ecoregions in Mexico
External links
References
Ecoregions of Mexico
Yucatán Peninsula
Natural history of Yucatán
Natural history of Campeche
Neotropical dry broadleaf forests
Danny Roberts (born 14 July 1987) is an English mixed martial artist who competes in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. A professional since 2010, he has also competed for Cage Warriors.
Background
Born in Croydon, London, Roberts grew up on a deprived estate with his mum and ten siblings before moving to Hartcliffe, Bristol at age 9. Unfortunately, things were only marginally better and Roberts, who grew up without his father around, began to find himself drifting down the wrong path with the wrong people. After being expelled from seven different schools in London, Roberts and his mother moved away from the city. Roberts began boxing at age 16. He compiled a 3-1 pro record, before making his debut in mixed martial arts in 2010.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
After going 1-1 as an amateur, he made his professional debut in December 2010. He competed for several regional promotions across Great Britain, including a stint in Cage Warriors. He was able to compile a record of 11 - 1 before signing with the UFC on the heels of a first round finish of Jim Wallhead in September 2015.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Roberts was expected to make his promotional debut against Michael Graves on 10 December 2015 at UFC Fight Night 80. However, Graves was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Nathan Coy. Roberts won the fight via technical submission in the first round.
Roberts next faced Dominique Steele on 23 April 2016 at UFC 197. He won the back-and-forth fight via unanimous decision. Both participants were awarded a Fight of the Night bonus.
Roberts faced Mike Perry on 8 October 2016 at UFC 204. He lost the back and forth fight via knockout in the third round.
Roberts faced Bobby Nash on 16 July 2017 at UFC Fight Night 113. He won the fight via knockout in the second round.
Roberts was expected to face Sheldon Westcott on 16 December 2017 at UFC on Fox 26. However, Westcott was removed from the card for undisclosed reasons in early December and was replaced by Nordine Taleb. Roberts lost the fight via knockout in the first round.
Roberts faced Oliver Enkamp on 17 March 2018 at UFC Fight Night 127. He won the fight via knockout in the first round.
Roberts was expected to face Alan Jouban on 22 July 2018 at UFC Fight Night 134. However, on 12 July, Jouban was pulled out from the fight, citing a neck injury. Jouban was replaced David Zawada. He won the fight via split decision. This win earned him the Fight of the Night award.
Roberts faced Cláudio Silva on 16 March 2019 at UFC Fight Night 147. He lost the bout via an armbar submission in the third round.
Roberts faced promotional newcomer Michel Pereira on 18 May 2019 at UFC Fight Night 152. He lost the fight via knockout in the first round.
Roberts faced Zelim Imadaev on 9 November at UFC on ESPN+ 21. He won the fight via knockout in round two.
Roberts was scheduled to face Nicolas Dalby on 21 March 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Woodley vs. Edwards. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the event was eventually postponed . The bout with Dalby was rescheduled and was expected to take place on 25 July 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Whittaker vs. Till. However, Roberts was injured and he was replaced by Jesse Ronson.
Roberts was scheduled to face Tim Means on 19 June 2021 at UFC on ESPN 25 However, the pairing was scrapped by the promotion in the days leading up to the event for undisclosed reasons.
Roberts faced Ramazan Emeev on 16 October 2021 at UFC Fight Night 195. Roberts won the fight via controversial split decision. 10 out of 12 media outlets scored the bout as a win for Emeev.
Roberts faced Francisco Trinaldo on 7 May 2022 at UFC 274. He lost the bout via unanimous decision.
Championships and accomplishments
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Fight of the Night (Two times) vs. Dominique Steele and David Zawada
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 18–6
|Francisco Trinaldo
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 274
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Phoenix, Arizona, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 18–5
|Ramazan Emeev
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Ladd vs. Dumont
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|17–5
|Zelim Imadaev
|KO (punch)
|UFC Fight Night: Magomedsharipov vs. Kattar
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:54
|Moscow, Russia
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|16–5
|Michel Pereira
|KO (flying knee and punch)
|UFC Fight Night: dos Anjos vs. Lee
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:47
|Rochester, New York, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|16–4
|Cláudio Silva
|Submission (armbar)
|UFC Fight Night: Till vs. Masvidal
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|3:37
|London, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|16–3
|David Zawada
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Shogun vs. Smith
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Hamburg, Germany
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|15–3
|Oliver Enkamp
|KO (punch)
|UFC Fight Night: Werdum vs. Volkov
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:12
|London, England
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|14–3
|Nordine Taleb
|KO (head kick and punch)
|UFC on Fox: Lawler vs. dos Anjos
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:59
|Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|14–2
|Bobby Nash
|KO (punches)
|UFC Fight Night: Nelson vs. Ponzinibbio
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:59
|Glasgow, Scotland
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|13–2
|Mike Perry
|KO (knee and punches)
|UFC 204
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:40
|Manchester, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|13–1
|Dominique Steele
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 197
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|12–1
|Nathan Coy
|Technical Submission (triangle choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Namajunas vs. VanZant
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:46
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–1
|Jim Wallhead
|KO (punches)
|CWFC 68
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:49
|Liverpool, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–1
|Juan Manuel Suarez
|Decision (unanimous)
|CWFC 64
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Kentish Town, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–1
|Henry Fadipe
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|CWFC 57
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|3:34
|Liverpool, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–1
|Diego Gonzalez
|TKO (knee and punches)
|CWFC 54
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:02
|Cardiff, Wales
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–1
|Jack Mason
|Submission (armbar)
|Cage Warriors: 48
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:46
|Kentish Town, England
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|6–1
|Pavel Doroftei
|Submission (heel hook)
|UCC 10
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:21
|Manchester, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–0
|Shaun Lomas
|Decision (unanimous)
|UCC 10
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|5:00
|Manchester, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–0
|Shaun Lomas
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Cage Conflict 11
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:32
|Liverpool, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0
|Aurelijus Kerpe
|Submission (D'Arce Choke)
|Raw 1
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:43
|Liverpool, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|David Howell
|TKO (knees)
|CWFC 43
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:26
|Kentish Town, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Matt Ross Francombe
|KO (knee and punches)
|OMMAC 9
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:27
|Liverpool, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Darius Kuncevicius
|TKO (knees)
|OMMAC 8
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:47
|Liverpool, England
|
|-
|}
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1987 births
Sportspeople from London
Welterweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Living people
English male mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
English male boxers
Kerbulak District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Saryozek. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
Bhagyajathakam is a 1962 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by P. Bhaskaran. The film stars Sathyan, Sheela (Debut), Adoor Bhasi and Sam in lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj, Irayimman Thampi and Thyagaraja.
Cast
Sathyan
Sheela (Debut)
Adoor Bhasi
Sam
T. S. Muthaiah
Thomas
Adoor Bhavani
Adoor Pankajam
Ali
Bahadoor
Chithradevi
J. N. Rajam
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
M. G. Menon
Nanukkuttan
Pankajavalli
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj, Irayimman Thampi and Thyagaraja and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran, Irayimman Thampi and Thyagaraja.
References
External links
1962 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Wonder Workshop is an education and robotics startup based in Silicon Valley in the United States. Formerly called Play-i, Wonder Workshop ran a crowdfunding campaign in November 2013, where they introduced the robots Bo and Yana. They were subsequently renamed Dash and Dot before their launch in 2014. The company has currently raised $15.9 million in funding from Madrona Venture Group, CRV, WI Harper, Google Ventures, and others.
Products
Wonder Workshop introduced Dash and Dot in December 2014. They are robots targeted at teaching creative problem-solving and computational thinking. They came with four free apps compatible with iOS and Android devices. Dash and Dot shipped to 37 countries including the U.S., Canada, Australia, New Zealand, European countries, India, Japan, Taiwan, Singapore and Hong Kong.
In 2017, Wonder Workshop launched a new robot for ages 11 and older named Cue. Cue is similar to Dash in its shape and size and comes in different colors. The robot became first available on September 28, 2017.
Awards
2015 National Parenting Publications Award - Gold Winner
Opening Minds USA Innovation Award
References
External links
Official site
Robotics companies of the United States
Toy companies of the United States
2012 establishments in California
Manufacturing companies established in 2012
Technology companies established in 2012
American companies established in 2012
Companies based in San Mateo, California
The Where Dreams Come True Tour was the second concert tour by Irish boy band Westlife seen by 600,000 fans making £12,000,000, in support of their second studio album, Coast to Coast. The tour was nicknamed "The No Stools Tour" due to the band's reputation of performing while perched on stools. Before this full-length world tour, they had a short tour within UK, Ireland and Southeast Asian countries.
A Coast to Coast Itinerary was made as a tour programme with original 63-page A5 sized spiral-bound tour itinerary book for 1 February to 31 March UK tour. It lists the band possibly doing 10 nights at Wembley Arena. Includes details on tour dates & venues, Crew & Band member listing, hotel & travel arrangements for both band & crew and more, complete with the original front colour cover and front clear protective cover laminate.
This would have only been issued to crew/people involved with the tour, and were not for sale to the general public. In most cases less than 100 copies were ever made.
Support Act
Reel
Bellefire
Masai
Fixate
Christian Wunderlich
GrannySmiths
Anna Fegi
Trademark
Cool Colors
Setlist
"Dreams Come True"
"No No"
"If I Let You Go"
"Swear It Again"
"Somebody Needs You"
"Seasons in the Sun"
"I Have a Dream"
"You Make Me Feel"
"When You're Looking Like That"
"My Love"
Medley:
"More Than Words"
"My Girl"
"I Can't Get Next to You"
"Ain't Too Proud to Beg"
"Baby I Need Your Loving"
"What Becomes of the Brokenhearted"
"Fool Again"
"Uptown Girl"
"What Makes a Man"
"I Lay My Love on You"
"Flying Without Wings"
Tour dates
Box office score data
Album and video
A live concert DVD of the tour was released later that same year.
The DVD contained several bonus materials such as an Access All Areas documentary, a World of Our Own featurette, a link to an exclusive website and a music video of "When You're Looking Like That" in Dolby Digital 2.0 & 5.1 sound.
This was re-released in China into CD/DVD format. Release contains a free poster of the band and a booklet with the lyrics of the CD-songs translated to Chinese. With the same DVD track listing and bonus CD contains 5 live tracks from the same performance as the DVD:
"Fool Again"
"Uptown Girl"
"What Makes a Man"
"You Make Me Feel"
"Flying Without Wings"
Chart performance
Certifications
References
External links
Official Westlife Website
2001 concert tours
Westlife concert tours
Westlife video albums
Jeanne-Caroline Augusta Violet Dussap (1 February 1870 in Paris – 26 June 1951 in Mayenne) was a French writer who wrote under the pseudonym of Guy Chantepleure or Guy de Chantepleure. She is best remembered for her novel Ma conscience en robe rose (1895), which was awarded a Montyon Prize in 1896.
References
1870 births
1951 deaths
19th-century French writers
19th-century French women writers
20th-century French writers
20th-century French women writers
Pseudonymous writers
Pseudonymous women writers
Suikerbosrand Nature Reserve is a protected area in the Suikerbosrand Range, South Africa. It is one of Gauteng's most frequented ecotourism destinations. Set just a short distance from Johannesburg, an hour's drive from Johannesburg International Airport and near the historical town of Heidelberg, this reserve boasts a representative sample of the fauna and flora of the rocky Highveld grassland biome. With of unspoiled natural environment and a mountain range characterised by meandering twists and turns of hiking trails, the reserve offers an unbelievably refreshing break from the bustling city life. Here, the altitude varies between above sea level.
The Suikerbosrand ridge was originally named after a sweet reed (probably sweet sorghum) found growing here by the party of general Hendrik Potgieter on 5 June 1836. Later the ridge and consequently the reserve's name became associated with the characteristic Transvaal-sugar bush (Protea caffra), a dominant vegetation type within the area's limits.
Management
Recent land acquisitions at the beginning of the twenty-first century have seen the reserve almost double in its size. A huge challenge for the reserve's management is to include the newly acquired lands in the reserve without disturbing the balance within the original area. The Suikerbosrand Nature Reserve is managed by the Gauteng province's Department of Agriculture, Conservation, Environment and Land Affairs, South Africa.
Wildlife
Over 200 bird species have been identified in the reserve. The reserve is also a habitat for a large range of mammal species including:
Cycling and mountain biking
The reserve is popular amongst mountain bikers and road cyclists for its quiet roads and trails, scenery, steep climbs, and fast twisting descents.
Hiking
The reserve includes a Visitors' Centre and the Diepkloof Farm Museum. The reserve can be explored on foot using several of the day and overnight hiking trails.
Holiday resort
A holiday resort for day visitors (apparently day visitors are no longer allowed in at Kareekloof) and overnight campers is situated within the nature reserve. (It was previously known as Kareekloof)
Accommodation is in the form of chalets, caravan (some with 240 V power) and tent sites.
See also
Protected areas of South Africa
Notes
External links
Footprints hiking club information on the trail
Gauteng Parks
Protected areas of South Africa
Diffusing-wave spectroscopy (DWS) is an optical technique derived from dynamic light scattering (DLS) that studies the dynamics of scattered light in the limit of strong multiple scattering. It has been widely used in the past to study colloidal suspensions, emulsions, foams, gels, biological media and other forms of soft matter. If carefully calibrated, DWS allows the quantitative measurement of microscopic motion in a soft material, from which the rheological properties of the complex medium can be extracted via the microrheology approach.
One-speckle diffusing-wave spectroscopy
Laser light is sent to the sample and the outcoming transmitted or backscattered light is detected by an optoelectric sensor. The light intensity detected is the result of the interference of all the optical waves coming from the different light paths.
The signal is analysed by calculating the intensity autocorrelation function called g2.
For the case of non-interacting particles suspended in a (complex) fluid a direct relation between g2-1 and the mean squared displacement of the particles <Δr2> can be established. Let's note P(s) the probability density function (PDF) of the photon path length s. The relation can be written as follows:
with and is the transport mean free path of scattered light.
For simple cell geometries, it is thus possible to calculate the mean squared displacement of the particles <Δr2> from the measured g2-1 values analytically. For example, for the backscattering geometry, an infinitely thick cell, large laser spot illumination and detection of photons coming from the center of the spot, the relationship between g2-1 and <Δr2> is:
, γ value is around 2.
For less thick cells and in transmission, the relationship depends also on l* (the transport length).
For quasi-transparent cells, an angle-independent variant method called Cavity Amplified Scattering Spectroscopy makes use of an integrating sphere to isotropically probe samples from all directions, elongating photon paths through the sample in the process, allowing for the study of low turbidity samples under the DWS formalism.
Multispeckle Diffusing-Wave Spectroscopy (MSDWS)
This technique either uses a camera to detect many speckle grains (see speckle pattern) or a ground glass to create a large number of speckle realizations (Echo-DWS ). In both cases an average over a large number of statistically independent intensity values is obtained, allowing a much faster data acquisition time.
MSDWS is particularly adapted for the study of slow dynamics and non ergodic media. Echo-DWS allows seamless integration of MSDWS in a traditional DWS-scheme with superior temporal resolution down to 12 ns. Camera based adaptive image processing allows online measurement of particle dynamics for example during drying.
References
External links
Diffusing Wave Spectroscopy Overview with video
Diffusing Wave Spectroscopy Overview with Animations
Particle Sizing using Diffusing Wave Spectroscopy
Spectroscopy
Soft matter
Kaname Island is a small, isolated island which lies about northwest of Padda Island in Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica. The island was discovered by the Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition (JARE) during helicopter reconnaissance flights from East Ongul Island in the 1969–70 season. The name "Kaname-jima" (chief or important island) was given by JARE Headquarters in 1972.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
References
Islands of Queen Maud Land
Prince Harald Coast
The Filmfare Marathi Awards are presented annually to both artistic and technical excellence of professionals in the Marathi film industry of India. The ceremony had been sponsored by various private organisations in the past as well as in present provisions. During several years in the 1990s, a live ceremony was broadcast to television audiences but was later discontinued due to unknown reasons. The presentation of the awards has been inconsistent throughout its inception. Presently, a recorded and edited version of the awards ceremony is televised.
Previous winners
Marathi Cinema
Main awards
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969
1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980
1981
1982
1983
1985
1999
Ajeenkya DY Patil Filmfare Awards Marathi 2014
The nominations for Filmfare Marathi Awards 2014.
Critics' awards
Technical Awards
Special awards
Karrm Filmfare Awards Marathi 2015
The nomination for Filmfare Marathi Awards 2015.
Critics' awards
Technical Awards
Special awards
Jio Filmfare Awards Marathi 2016
The nomination for Filmfare Marathi Awards 2016.
Critics' awards
Technical Awards
Special awards
Jio Filmfare Awards Marathi 2017
The nomination for Filmfare Marathi Awards 2018.
Critics' awards
Technical Awards
Special awards
Planet Filmfare Awards Marathi 2020
The nomination for Filmfare Marathi Awards 2020.
Critics' awards
Technical Awards
Special awards
Planet Filmfare Awards Marathi 2021
The awards ceremony was held on 31st March 2021 at St. Andrews, Bandra, Mumbai. Winners were:
Awards
As of 2017, there are total 31 awards given in different categories. There is a separate category of critics awards, decided by noted film-critics rather than popular votes. Awards are given in the following categories. Follow the links for lists of the award winners, year by year.
Merit awards
Critics' awards
Critics Award Best Film
Critics Award Best Actor
Critics Award Best Actress
Technical awards
Special awards
Lifetime Achievement
Ceremonies
6th Filmfare Awards Marathi, was held on 31 March 2022 in Bandra, Mumbai
5th Filmfare Awards Marathi, was held on 28 February 2021 in Mumbai, Maharashtra
4th Filmfare Awards Marathi, was held on 27 September 2018 in Mumbai, Maharashtra
3rd Filmfare Awards Marathi, was held on 27 October 2017 in Mumbai, Maharashtra
2nd Filmfare Awards Marathi, was held on 28 November 2016 in Mumbai, Maharashtra
1st Filmfare Awards Marathi, was held on 20 November 2015 in Thane, Maharashtra
See also
Filmfare Awards
Bollywood
Cinema of India
References
Marathi
.
Film industry in Mumbai
Maharashtra awards
1963 establishments in Maharashtra
Awards established in 1963
Shaquille Goodwin (born September 1, 1994) is an American professional basketball player for AEK Larnaca of the Cypriot League. Standing at 2.06 m (6'9"), he plays at the power forward and center positions. After playing four years of college basketball at Memphis, Goodwin entered the 2016 NBA draft, but he was not selected in the draft's two rounds.
High school career
Goodwin played high school basketball at Southwest Dekalb High School. He played four seasons at Southwest DeKalb High School, where he led the Panthers to back-to-back state title games in his final two seasons, He Won the 2012 Atlanta Journal-Constitution slam dunk contest championship and was named to the Georgia Class AAAA All-State and 6AAAA All-Region first teams in 2011–12. Goodwin was selected All-Metro first team by the Atlanta Journal-Constitution in 2011–12 and As a senior, he averaged 21.2 points, 12.3 rebounds and 3.3 blocks per game.
College career
As a freshman Goodwin played 36 games, having a solid season, producing 7.4 points and 4.4 rebounds and 1.1 blocks per game, and being included to the Conference USA All-Freshman team. As a sophomore he played in 34 contests, and improved his numbers, averaging 11.5 points, 6.5 rebounds and 1.8 blocks per game, improving his playing time to 28.9 minutes per game. During the next season, his numbers dropped averaging 9.6 points and 7.1 rebounds per game. During his final year at college, Goodwin had an impressive year, having 14.7 points 7.5 rebounds and 1.8 blocks per game in 33 games.
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2016 NBA draft, Goodwin joined AEK Larnaca of the Cypriot Basket League. On November, he left AEK Larnaca in order to join Science City Jena of the Basketball Bundesliga.
On July 1, 2017, Goodwin joined Rethymno Cretan Kings of the Greek Basket League. He averaged 12 points and 7.5 rebounds per game in Greek top division. On July 18, 2018, Goodwin signed with Scafati Basket of the Italian second division.
Goodwin spent the 2019–20 season with Yalova Belediye in the Turkish Basketball First League, where he averaged 8.8 points, 11.1 rebounds and 3.2 assists per game. On August 14, 2020, Goodwin signed with Rilski Sportist in Bulgaria. However, he moved back to Greece and signed with Larisa instead, on September 6 of the same year. On December 28, 2020, Goodwin parted ways with the Greek club.
References
External links
ESPN.com Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
RealGM.com Profile
1994 births
Living people
AEK Larnaca B.C. players
American men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
Basketball players from Atlanta
Centers (basketball)
Larisa B.C. players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Memphis Tigers men's basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
Yalovaspor BK players
Auk/Blood (Inuktitut syllabics: ) is an album by Tanya Tagaq, released in 2008 by Ipecac Recordings.
Track listing
All tracks written by Tagaq.
"Fox - Tiriganiak" – 3:45
"Fire - Ikuma" – 5:07
"Growth" – 5:27
"Gentle" – 4:52
"Tategak" – 5:41
"Force" – 3:22
"Growl" – 2:27
"Want" – 3:11
"Hunger" – 6:33
"Burst" – 3:25
"Blood - Auk" – 3:23
"Construction" – 2:10
"Sinialuk" – 2:50
See also
ᐃᑯᒪ, transliterates to "Ikuma" or "fire".
References
2008 albums
Ipecac Recordings albums
Tanya Tagaq albums
Conopeum seurati is a species of colonial bryozoan in the order Cheilostomatida. It is native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean, the North Sea and the Mediterranean Sea. This species has been introduced to New Zealand and Florida.
Description
Conopeum seurati is an encrusting bryozoan that forms small colonies on seagrasses, shells and other hard surfaces. When a larva of Conopeum seurati settles on a suitable surface, it undergoes metamorphosis into a zooid known as an ancestrula. This is oval in shape and measures about .
The ancestrula buds to produce another zooid which has a pair of long spines at the distal end and sometimes a further three to five pairs of thin spines at the sides. Further asexual reproduction takes place, with each zooid producing several buds until there is a small, roughly circular encrusting cluster of zooids, white or brownish-white in colour, with the ancestrula at the centre. On flat surfaces the colony is regular and lacy in appearance but on uneven surfaces, it is more irregular and may form lobes. Some colonies are also spherical. Each individual zooid bears a lophophore, the characteristic feeding apparatus of bryozoans, with fifteen or sixteen ciliated tentacles, used to filter phytoplankton. The operculum, a flap that hinges to form a lid over the aperture of the lophophore, has a membranous edge and is chitinised. It is thick and crescent-shaped when closed. The walls between the zooids are calcified on the proximal edge and membranous elsewhere.
Distribution and habitat
Conopeum seurati full distribution is unknown. It is found on the coasts of northern Europe and the Mediterranean Sea. It is considered to have been introduced to the Atlantic coast of Florida and to New Zealand. It is a fouling species and is found in brackish water, estuaries and lagoons where it can tolerate a wide range of salinities; these range from eighteen to forty parts per thousand in the Indian River Lagoon, and as little as one ppt. in Europe. It usually forms colonies on seagrasses, ditch grasses, floating seaweed, mussels, oysters and man-made structures.
Biology
Like other bryozoans, Conopeum seurati is a suspension feeder, filtering phytoplankton from the water with its tentacles. Breeding takes place between June and October in Britain. The cyphonautes larvae are triangular in shape with brownish bivalve shells in their later developmental stages. These larvae are planktonic and drift with the currents for some time before settling and undergoing metamorphosis into ancestrulae to found new colonies.
References
Cheilostomatida
Animals described in 1928
Saraiya is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 12,464, in 1,888 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Sapanlıurgancılar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 78 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
The European Young Investigator (EURYI) Awards scheme was a prestigious research award designed to attract outstanding young scientists in all research fields to the European research landscape. It was set up by the European Heads of Research Councils (EuroHORCs) and the European Science Foundation together as a grant scheme for researchers from any country in the world to create their own research teams at research institutions in any country in Europe participating in the scheme. Awards were worth up to 1.25 Million Euros, to be spent over a period of five years. It was meant to attract the strongest scientists, irrespective of age and gender. It had a two stage selection process. In a first step, the applications were assessed by the participating organisation from the proposed host country. The second selection step was carried out by the European Science Foundation, involving interviews in front of broadly-based international panels, and resulted in the final selection of awardees. The first 25 prices were awarded awarded on 26 August 2004 as the EURYI Awards 2005 during the EuroScience Open Forum (ESOF) in Stockholm by the then president of the EuroHORCs, Professor Ernst-Ludwig Winnacker.
The scheme was born out of the wish to allow the best researchers to build careers in Europe. The co-initiating institution EuroHORCS, founded in 1992 and dissolved in 2011 and succeeded by Science Europe, was an association of 18 research organisations from 15 European countries, all of which being members of the European Union at the time expect Switzerland and Turkey.. The EURYI Award was the blueprint for the much larger ERC Grant scheme, initiated in 2007 within the Seventh Framework Programme, with Professor Ernst-Ludwig Winnacker, the initiator of the EURYI Award, being the ERC's first Secretary General. The EURYI Award 2007 was the last EURYI award granted, being replaced by the ERC scheme.
References
European science and technology awards
Leonard "Len" Aston (14 June 1920 – 19 November 1987) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for St. Helens, as a or , i.e. number 3 or 4, 8 or 10, 11 or 12, or 13 during the era of contested scrums.
Background
Aston was born in Prescot, Lancashire, England.
Playing career
International honours
Len Aston won caps for England while at St. Helens in 1947 against Wales, and France, in 1948 against France, and won caps for Great Britain while at St. Helens in 1947 against New Zealand (3 matches).
Testimonial match
Len Aston's testimonial match at St. Helens took place against Hull F.C. at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 3 March 1951.
References
External links
Profile at saints.org.uk
1920 births
1987 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Place of death missing
Rugby league centres
Rugby league locks
Rugby league props
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league utility players
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
St Helens R.F.C. players
The Church of the Presentation of the Virgin in the Temple is part of the wooden churches of Maramureș World Heritage Site, and is located in Bârsana Commune, Maramureș County, Romania. The church was built in 1720 and it features some of the most representative baroque indoor murals in Maramureş. It has a collection of icons painted on glass and old religious books.
Its name refers to the Presentation of Mary.
Presentation
Churches completed in 1720
18th-century Eastern Orthodox church buildings
Romanian Orthodox churches in Romania
1720 establishments in Europe
18th-century churches in Romania
Trioceros marsabitensis, Tilbury's chameleon, Mount Marsabit chameleon, or Mount Marsabit one-horned chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Kenya.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1991
Taxa named by Colin R. Tilbury
Reptiles of Kenya
Yakuplar is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 284 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Intense Tropical Cyclone Indlala was a powerful tropical cyclone that struck northeastern Madagascar in March 2007. The ninth named storm and fifth intense tropical cyclone of the 2006–07 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season, Indlala developed on March 3, 2007 southwest of the Chagos archipelago in the central Indian Ocean. Initially a tropical disturbance, Indlala moved generally westward in its formative stages, attaining tropical cyclone status on March 13. A day later, the Météo-France office on Réunion (MFR) estimated peak 10–minute sustained winds of , although the American-based Joint Typhoon Warning Center estimated stronger 1–minute winds of . Early on March 15, the cyclone made landfall in northeastern Madagascar on the Masoala Peninsula near Antalaha, still at its peak intensity according to the MFR. Indlala rapidly weakened over land and turned southward, eventually re-emerging into the Indian Ocean on March 18; it was last noted by the MFR on March 19.
Indlala first affected the sparsely populated islands of St. Brandon and Agaléga, producing wind gusts of on the former island. The cyclone struck Madagascar a few months after the country experienced a series of deadly floods and other cyclones. Indlala killed 150 people and injured another 126. Monetary damage was estimated at over US$240 million. Severe flooding, strong winds, and heavy rainfall wrecked cities in the immediate vicinity of its landfall point. Farther inland and along the country's northwest coast, flooding cut access to roads, which disrupted the response to the storm. Individuals, national governments, United Nations agencies, and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies helped residents affected by the cyclone cope with its aftermath.
Meteorological history
The Intertropical Convergence Zone spawned an area of convection, or thunderstorms, on March 9, located southwest of the Chagos archipelago in the central Indian Ocean. A circulation developed within the system, situated in a favorable area of low wind shear beneath an anticyclone. On March 10, the Météo-France meteorological office in Réunion (MFR) designated the system as Tropical Disturbance 12. On the same day, the American-based Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert, after a further increase in convection. The nascent system moved generally westward, steered by a ridge over the Mascarene Islands. On March 11, the MFR upgraded the system to Tropical Depression 12, after an expansion of outflow and an increase in banding features. A day later, the MFR upgraded the system to a tropical storm, naming it Indlada first, before correcting the name to Indlala. Also on March 12, the JTWC initiated advisories on the system, designating it Tropical Cyclone 19S.
With favorable atmospheric conditions, Indlala continued to strengthen as its convection organized, becoming a severe tropical storm late on March 12. A trough over South Africa disrupted the ridge, causing the storm to turn toward the southwest. On March 13, the MFR upgraded Indlala to tropical cyclone status – with 10–minute sustained winds of at least , the equivalent of a hurricane. A small, well-defined eye formed in the center of the storm as it approached northeastern Madagascar. On March 14, the MFR upgraded Indlala further to an intense tropical cyclone, estimating peak 10–minute winds of , and a minimum barometric pressure of . The JTWC's intensity estimate was higher, with peak 1–minute winds of .
Indlala underwent an eyewall replacement cycle around the time of its peak intensity. Around 00:00 UTC on March 15, the cyclone made landfall in northeastern Madagascar on the Masoala Peninsula near Antalaha, still at its peak intensity according to the MFR. Indlala rapidly weakened as it progressed inland. The JTWC discontinued advisories on March 16, by which time the MFR had downgraded the cyclone to a tropical depression. The system moved southward through Madagascar, eventually re-emerging into the Indian Ocean on March 18 near Manambondro. The weak system continued to the south-southeast, and was last noted by the MFR on March 19.
Impact
In its formative stages, Indlala passed north of the sparsely-populated St. Brandon. Rainfall on the island reached , and winds reached . Later, the storm passed south of Agaléga, producing gusts of there.
Indlala was the fifth tropical cyclone to hit or affect Madagascar in the span of three months, after Bondo, Clovis, Favio, and Gamede. The series of floods diminished the country's stock of supplies from United Nations agencies, spurring an appeal for international assistance and a declaration of a national emergency. Across northern Madagascar, Cyclone Indlala dropped heavy rainfall and produced hurricane-force wind gusts. At Antalaha near where it moved ashore, a station recorded of rainfall over 24 hours. The same city recorded gusts of . Antsohihy in northern Madagascar recorded of rainfall over 48 hours. The cyclone killed 150 people across Madagascar, with another 126 injured. Damage in the country was estimated at over US$240 million.
Across Madagascar, Indlala damaged or destroyed 54,000 houses, leaving 188,331 people homeless. Houses with iron roofs fared better than traditionally built houses. The regions of Madagascar hardest hit by Indlala were Diana, Analanjirofo, Atsinanana, Atsimo-Atsinanana, and Vatovavy-Fitovinany along the country's east coast; Sava, Sofia, and Boeny along the northwest coast; and the inland regions of Betsiboka and Alaotra-Mangoro. Indlala affected vital institutions, with 228 schools and 71 hospitals damaged to some degree. High winds and heavy rainfall damaged roads in northern Madagascar, with 103 bridges damaged, while landslides blocked access to some communities. Throughout Madagascar, the cyclone wrecked about worth of crops. This included about of lost rice, leaving residents without food.
Flooding from Indlala affected a area of northern Madagascar, notably in the cities of Antalaha, Maroantsetra, and Sambava, where the cyclone severed phone lines and caused power outages. In Maroantsetra, the cyclone destroyed the roof of a prison; ten prisoners escaped, and three were re-arrested. The entire town of Maroantsetra was flooded, as were 90% of surrounding villages, reaching at least deep. Rising rivers forced families to flee their homes and gather in the city hall. Small communities lost radio contact for two days. Most of the water wells in Maroantsetra were contaminated, leaving 25,000 people without access to clean drinking water. North of its landfall point, Indlala wrecked about 40% of Antalaha's buildings. The storm washed away boats, blew away roofs, contaminated wells, and decimated crops. The local vanilla crop was finally starting to mature after Cyclone Gafilo's destructive landfall in 2004. Indlala wrecked about 90% of the vanilla orchids in and around Antalaha, and about 80% of the country's vanilla production. East of the country's capital Antananarivo, the cyclone damaged a power station, causing power outages. In Ambanja along Madagascar's northwest coast, flooding displaced about 9,000 people, after a rapid rise of water high. In Sofia region in northwest Madagascar, floods were the region's worst since 1959. Flooding in Diana and Sofia regions killed 95 people, with 20,000 people left homeless.
Aftermath
Outages in the road and communication network disrupted damage assessments and aid distribution. Members of the Red Cross worked with volunteers and Malagasy officials to respond to the cyclone, including disaster assessment and inspecting water systems. A team of 160 volunteers and Red Cross members provided meals to more than 55,000 people. Helicopters airdropped food and supplies to 202 families in isolated areas. The price of rice rose after the storm, with a 5% increase in the cost of the makalioka variety by March 19. Residents who lost their houses in Ambario rebuilt in nearby Marovantaza.
The Red Cross launched an appeal for just over US$2 million to fund the agency's response in the country through the end of December 2007; much of the funds were covered by the British and Swedish governments, with nine national Red Cross organizations funding the rest. Teams with the organization Medair disinfected water wells and provided cleaning supplies to households. Helicopters and trucks delivered emergency goods to residents in Sofia region. The Malagasy government appealed citizens for private donations on March 29. A few weeks after Indlala struck, Cyclone Jaya also hit northeast Madagascar, further disrupting the response to the cyclone. In April 2007, the United Nations Disaster Assessment and Coordination sent a team to help coordinate the local and international response to Madagascar's series of cyclones. The series of storms left about 150,000 children unable to attend school, although most of them were able to return after Easter break in early April. After the series of floods, the World Food Programme allocated US$1 million worth of food, in which the agency distributed more than 733 metric tons (MT) of food through other agencies. The WFP and UNICEF together airlifted 58,900 people with more than 131 MT worth of food. The initial emergency period after cyclones Indlala and Jaya concluded by June 2007, as the needs shifted toward reconstruction.
As an immediate response to Indlala, the American embassy in Antananarivo released US$100,000 for urgent relief operations, and Germany sent €22,000 to help storm victims. The European Parliament granted €1.5 million in humanitarian assistance to help with food insecurity. France donated €700,000 in assistance to the WFP and Groupe de Recherches et d'Echanges Technologiques. The French Red Cross deployed its helicopter cruiser with 40 MT of emergency supplies, along with a tam four disaster management experts to assist the Malagasy Red Cross. Nearby Comoros donated 500 MT of rice. Food for Peace sent 2,000 MT of food, worth US$1.5 million.
See also
Cyclone Ivan – powerful cyclone that struck Madagascar slightly to the south of Indlala in 2008
Cyclone Bingiza – cyclone that struck Madagascar near where Indlala hit in 2011
References
Cyclones in Madagascar
2006–07 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season
Cyclone Indlala
Intense Tropical Cyclones
Tropical cyclones in 2007
Peptidyl-glutamate 4-carboxylase (, vitamin K-dependent carboxylase, gamma-glutamyl carboxylase) is an enzyme with systematic name peptidyl-glutamate 4-carboxylase (2-methyl-3-phytyl-1,4-naphthoquinone-epoxidizing). This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
peptidyl-4-carboxyglutamate + 2,3-epoxyphylloquinone + H2O peptidyl-glutamate + CO2 + O2 + phylloquinone
The enzyme can use various vitamin-K derivatives, including menaquinone.
References
External links
EC 4.1.1
Cameron Dicker (born May 6, 2000) is an American football kicker who is a free agent. He played college football at Texas.
Early years
Dicker attended Lake Travis High School in Austin, Texas. During his high school career, Dicker was an two-time all-state selection and was the starting kicker for three seasons. Dicker had 331 points going 34-43 on field goal attempts and 229-232 on extra point attempts. Additionally, Dicker set a Lake Travis high school record with a 53-yard field goal. Dicker was ranked the number four kicker in the nation by 247Sports and the number 16 kicker nationally by ESPN in the 2018 class. On May 4, 2017, Dicker committed to Texas.
College career
Dicker earned immediate playing time at Texas, winning the starting role. He went 18-25 on field goals and 51-52 on extra points earning 2018 second-team all-Big 12 honors. Dicker's 18 field goals were the most by a freshman in Texas history. He also gained notoriety when he kicked the game winning 40-yard field goal against Oklahoma in the 2018 Red River Showdown. Dicker earned second-team all-Big 12 honors in 2020 and first-team all-Big 12 honors in 2021. On January 19th, 2022, Dicker declared for the NFL Draft.
Professional career
Los Angeles Rams
After going undrafted, Dicker signed with the Los Angeles Rams as an undrafted free agent. He was released on August 16, 2022.
Baltimore Ravens
On August 26, 2022, Dicker was signed by the Baltimore Ravens, but was waived two days later.
References
External links
Los Angeles Rams
Texas Longhorns bio
Living people
2000 births
Hong Kong people
Players of American football from Austin, Texas
American football placekickers
Texas Longhorns athletes
Texas Longhorns football players
Los Angeles Rams players
Baltimore Ravens players
Kansas's 26th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Kansas Senate. It has been represented by Republican Dan Kerschen since 2013, following his primary defeat of fellow Republican Dick Kelsey.
Geography
District 26 covers the southern and southwestern suburbs of Wichita in Sedgwick County, including some of Wichita proper as well as Haysville, Mulvane, Cheney, Garden Plain, and parts of Derby, Clearwater, and Goddard.
The district is located entirely within Kansas's 4th congressional district, and overlaps with the 81st, 82nd, 93rd, 94th, 97th, 98th, and 101st districts of the Kansas House of Representatives.
Recent election results
2020
2016
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 26
References
26
Sedgwick County, Kansas
The NZ Pass Verifier is a free mobile app developed by the New Zealand Ministry of Health for businesses and organisations to scan and verify their customers' My Vaccine Pass certificates. The app was launched on 23 November 2021 for use on smartphones.
Description
The NZ Pass Verifier can be downloaded on a range of smartphones including iOS and Android devices. The app works on iOS devices with an iOS 11 system or above. The Pass Verifier also operates on Android devices with an Android 6.0 system or above. To scan My Vaccine Pass QR codes, the Pass Verifier app requires a camera with a resolution of at least 5 megapixels (2,560 x 1,960 pixels).
The NZ Pass Verifier was developed by the tech company MATTR under a Health Ministry contract. The same company also developed the country's My Vaccine Pass domestic app and international vaccine certificate.
Authentic vaccine certificates will register as a green tick on the Pass Verifier app. The Verifier app can be used to verify if a person is fully vaccinated or has the appropriate exemption and can enter the premises. The Pass Verifier does not store any personal data other than a person's name or date of birth. The app uses NZ COVID Pass specification to decode the QR code and verify the authenticity of the pass using Elliptic-curve cryptography.
The Verifier app needs to know the identity of the user and also operates on the venue's device, which doesn't store any personal data and works offline. Thus, the Verifier and My Vaccine Pass apps and their functions cannot be combined into one app. To address this shortcoming, computer systems engineer and University of Auckland research fellow Dr Andrew Chen has recommended using photo identification and the NZ COVID Tracer app to supplement these two apps. Chen has cautioned that a photo identification requirement may discriminate against individuals under the age of 18 years who are not required to possess photo ID and those who do not possess photo ID in their preferred name. In addition, Chen has recommended that businesses with repeat customers keep records of their customers' vaccination status or develop their own record keeping apps.
History
The NZ Pass Verifier was first launched on 23 November 2021. During its launch, COVID-19 Response Minister Chris Hipkins confirmed that essential services such as supermarkets, pharmacies, health and disability services were exempt from using the Pass Verifier app. However, large-scale events and other businesses are required to use the Verifier app.
On 24 November, Director-General of Health Ashley Bloomfield confirmed that the NZ Pass Verifier would not be compulsory for all businesses to use; superseding an earlier Government announcement that all businesses had to use the app. In response, digital contact tracing expert Chen expressed concern that people could gain entry to businesses using false vaccine passes without a verifier app to validate them. To address this problem, Chen has advocated that venues that are required to check for vaccine passes scan the vaccine passes' QR code against the Pass Verifier app.
In early December 2021, Business Wairarapa general manager Nicola Belsham helped promote awareness of the NZ Pass Verifier app among local businesses in the Wairarapa region.
Notes and references
COVID-19 contact tracing apps
COVID-19 pandemic in New Zealand
Government software
Passports
Software associated with the COVID-19 pandemic
Eminescu is a peak ring crater on Mercury in diameter. Since there are very few later craters superposed on it, Eminescu appears to be a young crater formed around one billion years ago. It has a transitional morphology between larger more complex impact basins like Raditladi and smaller simpler central peak craters.
The impact ejecta and chains of secondary craters extend as far as one radius from the rim. There are no bright or dark crater rays, with the crater rim itself being higher in altitude than the surrounding cratered plains. The crater walls are degraded by slumping, forming distinct blocks of material. The crater floor consists of complex structures, including ejecta deposits, impact melts and possibly units placed by effusive volcanism.
The bright bluish central peaks within the crater are arranged in a circular pattern forming a peak ring. The peaks exhibit unusual color characteristics similar to the bright crater floor deposits (BCFD) seen in other craters on Mercury. The crater floor both inside and outside the peak ring is covered by dark smooth plains, which appear to surround it. These plains are probably volcanic in origin. Further from the peak ring near the crater walls, there are areas covered by a bright material. They are subdivided into bright smooth plains in the north-east corner of Eminescu, and mottled and rough terrain elsewhere. The bright units were originally thought to be impact melts, but exhibit the characteristics of landforms now known as hollows.
The crater is named after Mihai Eminescu, a Romanian poet (1850–1889).
References
Impact craters on Mercury
Tadaryat is a village in Yagha Province, Burkina Faso. A massacre occurred in Tadaryat in June 2021.
References
Yagha Province
Villages in Burkina Faso
FK Karbinci () is a football club based in the village of Karbinci near Štip, Republic of Macedonia. They currently play in the Macedonian Third League.
References
External links
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Football Federation of Macedonia
Karbinci
Karbinci Municipality
Kalateh-ye Zaman (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Zamān and Kalatehzaman) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 133, in 37 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Demequina activiva is a Gram-positive, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped and non-spore-forming bacterium from the genus Demequina which has been isolated from tidal flat sediments from the South Sea in Korea.
References
Micrococcales
Bacteria described in 2015
The grey-backed thrush (Turdus hortulorum) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It breeds in northeastern China and the Russian Far East and winters in southern China and northern Vietnam. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. A captive bred pair laid five eggs, which hatched 14 days after the first egg was laid. The young left the nest 12 days later.
References
grey-backed thrush
Birds of Manchuria
grey-backed thrush
grey-backed thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The name Winnipeg Jets has been used for three ice hockey teams, two professional and one amateur:
Winnipeg Jets (WHL), a junior team in the Western Hockey League which used the name from 1967 to 1973.
Winnipeg Jets (1972–96), a professional team in the World Hockey Association and National Hockey League that used the name from 1972 to 1996, and are now known as the Arizona Coyotes.
Winnipeg Jets, a professional team in the National Hockey League that has used the name since June 2011, after being established in 1999 as the Atlanta Thrashers.
Ennomos quercinaria, the August thorn, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe. It was first described by Johann Siegfried Hufnagel in 1767.
Description
The wingspan is 42–50 mm. The length of the forewings is 18–22 mm. The ground colour is orange yellow. The forewings are lightly or heavily speckled and have a dark marginal edge. Both forewings and hindwings are scalloped at the edges and have two cross lines. The discal spot is not always evident.
It is similar to Ennomos alniaria, but distinguished by the postmedian line (outer line) curving inwards towards the costa.
Distribution
It is found in some but not all of western Europe, Belgium, The Netherlands, the Iberian Peninsula and to the east in Greece, Hungary, Romania, European Turkey, Ukraine and to the south, the Iberian Peninsula, Italy and Sicily.
Biology
The moths fly in one generation from August to September. . They are attracted to light.
The caterpillars feed on oak and beech.
Notes
The flight season refers to the British Isles. This may vary in other parts of the range.
External links
August thorn on UKMoths
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum e.V.
De Vlinderstichting
Ennomini
Moths described in 1767
Moths of Asia
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Johann Siegfried Hufnagel
HP Universal Print Driver (UPD) is an intelligent print driver that supports a broad range of HP LaserJet printers and MFPs. Developed by Hewlett-Packard, it combines a general purpose driver (UNIDRV or PSCRIPT) and HP proprietary extensions. HP UPD simplifies driver deployment and management. This advanced print driver has the ability to discover HP printing devices and automatically configure itself to the device capabilities (e.g., duplex, color, finishing, etc.).
HP Universal Print Driver is a Microsoft Windows solution that provides two modes of operation, traditional and dynamic. In traditional mode, the HP UPD behaves similarly to traditional print drivers. In dynamic mode, it provides discovery, auto configuration, and management features that are particularly well suited for mobile computer users.
Operating modes
HP's Universal Print Driver is based on Microsoft's universal core drivers UNIDRV and PSCRIPT. These core drivers are not usable until device specific information is used to inform the core driver of the actual device settings and capabilities. To accomplish this task, a universal printing dialog box is inserted before the standard print setup dialog box. The universal printing dialog box allows users to choose a recently used device, enter a device IP address, search for local print devices, or choose a device from a predefined list.
Regardless of the device discovery method used, the Microsoft core driver is updated accordingly and the new device information is then reflected in the normal print driver user interface.
HP provides two different Universal Print Drivers: PCL6 and emulation PostScript. Custom default values can be assigned with the HP Driver Configuration Utility. HP UPD is available as a Microsoft Windows 32-bit or 64-bit driver and automatically configures itself to one of 35 currently supported languages based upon the language of the host system.
Dynamic mode
In dynamic mode, searching for devices is accomplished using the mDNS discovery protocol (aka Bonjour). The mDNS protocol performs satisfactorily for devices residing on the same subnet only. Users will need to enter IP addresses for remote devices unless they have been previously discovered or are available on a managed printers list. Whether discovered, entered, or chosen, the HP universal printing dialog box submits SNMP requests to the target device's IP address.
Using enterprise auto configuration (EAC) and a bidirectional communications port, SNMP requests ascertain a device's configurations and capabilities. The results are used by HP UPD to update the print driver table in the Windows registry to accurately reflect the target device's capabilities. The results are also cached (CREG) and the recently discovered device list is updated to provide an easy method for future selection. In dynamic mode, HP UPD is considered to be a virtual device. Therefore, the new device instances do not appear in the Printers folder.
Traditional mode
In traditional mode HP UPD is bound to a print queue and behaves like a normal printer driver with the addition of bi-directional communications for device queries and real time print job status. This mode can be chosen during driver installation, or on the dynamic mode universal printing dialog box. The traditional mode bypasses the universal printing dialog box and goes directly into the typical print setup dialog box.
Automatic configuration does not occur in traditional mode; but, users can select manual updates to ensure the device's capabilities are properly represented. The HP UPD can be installed either in dynamic mode, traditional mode, or both, depending on user requirements.
Management features
(INSTALL.EXE, MPA, AD, DDU, DCU)
HP UPD includes driver management features allowing IT administrators to pre-configure, deploy, and manage the HP driver software. Management tools within the HP UPD include INSTALL.EXE with command line options, the HP MPA Tool, Active Directory Templates, Driver Configuration Utility, Driver Deployment Utility and HP Web Jetadmin.
INSTALL.EXE
HP UPD installer allows some driver default settings to be modified via command line options. Some of these switches will change the system-wide behavior of the HP UPD, while other changes are specific to a single print queue.
HP MPA Utility
The HP MPA utility pre-configures some driver default settings in a managed HP UPD environment. Settings made within the HP MPA utility control the HP UPD at a user level. The resulting policies are maintained for every printer attached to the HP UPD. They are global user policies that affect HP UPD users.
HP UPD Active Directory Templates
An HP UPD Administrative Template(an Active Directory Template) can be added to create a Group Policy Object to manage the user UPD capabilities. The settings apply to any queue that uses the HP UPD. Care should be taken when locking configuration settings as the user is unable to change a locked setting.
HP Driver Configuration Utility
The HP Driver Configuration Utility (DCU) is a Windows application used to edit the configuration file associated with a particular driver. The configuration file controls the print driver settings and takes effect when the driver is installed.
HP Driver Deployment Utility
DDU is used to pre-configure a print driver for deployment. When the package is run on the client computer, the new configuration file configures the printer driver after it is installed, and does not interfere with WHQL certification. DDU contains the standalone DCU utility inside the package and is launched when Pre-configure driver is selected from the DDU tool.
Beyond driver configuration, HP UPD also employs managed printer lists (MPLs) and managed print policies (MPP) to control access to devices and capabilities. These technologies are used with HP UPD in dynamic mode. If MPLs are used, then searching for devices is unnecessary. Users are presented with a predefined list of devices from which to choose. MPLs are XML files that can be created manually, with the HP MPA utility, or exported from HP Web Jetadmin. When the HP UPD is activated, it begins by searching the network for the MPL file as shown in Figure 6. MPPs are used to control which users have access to device features like color, duplex, etc. By default, HP UPD assumes that the HP MPA is installed on a server named managed-print. As a result, HP UPD searches the network for this server to find HP Managed Print Policies or HP Managed Printer Lists.
Status Notification Popups (SNPs)
The driver also includes status notification pop-ups during print submission that inform the user on device status, print job status, and consumable levels. This is a graphical popup window that displays a dashboard of toner supply levels, links for reordering consumables, and an instant support landing page for that particular HP device model. When the HP UPD is selected for printing, it will attempt to communicate directly with the printer to gather status and job information during printing. By querying the printer through SNMP get commands, network traffic is kept to a minimum and is only present during printing. If desired, the SNPs can be disabled.
Sources
HP Universal Print Driver Admin Guide
HP Universal Print Driver v5.7.0.16448 Release Notes
External links
HP Universal Print Driver Series for Windows - overview and features
Computer printers
Device drivers
Universal Print Driver
The enzyme cytidylate cyclase (EC 4.6.1.6) is an enzyme that catalyzes the reaction
CTP = 3′,5′-cyclic CMP + diphosphate
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically the class of phosphorus-oxygen lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is CTP diphosphate-lyase (cyclizing; 3′,5′-cyclic-CMP-forming). Other names in common use include 3',5'-cyclic-CMP synthase, cytidylyl cyclase, cytidyl cyclase, and CTP diphosphate-lyase (cyclizing).
References
EC 4.6.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
American Idol Season 10 Highlights: Haley Reinhart is an EP by Haley Reinhart, an American Idol tenth season finalist, composed of her most successful iTunes songs from her time on American Idol plus an additional recording of You Oughta Know. It was released on June 28, 2011, through 19 Entertainment and Interscope Records exclusively for Walmart.
Reception
The EP sold 59,000 copies and spent 4 weeks on the Billboard 200 chart in the United States. "House of the Rising Sun" is also the highest rated studio recording from her season with nearly 5000 reviews giving it 5 stars, with "Bennie and the Jets" not too far behind.
Andrew Leahey of AllMusic said the album is "a surprisingly solid appetizer for her full-length debut."
Michael Slezak of TVLine on her "Bennie and the Jets" studio recording: "Cannot. Stop. Playing. On. Repeat. So! Awesome! Grade: A+"
Track listing
Charts
References
2011 EPs
19 Recordings EPs
Haley Reinhart albums
Egon Hirt (born 16 August 1960 in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1960 births
Living people
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of West Germany
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Freiburg im Breisgau
20th-century German people
Mauro Boselli (born 30 August 1953 in Milan) is an Italian comic book writer and editor.
He joined the staff of Sergio Bonelli Editore in 1984, writing for popular comics titles such as Mister No and Zagor. He became chief editor of the latter in 1993. In 2000 he co-created together with Maurizio Colombo the horror series Dampyr.
Ha has been chief editor of Tex since 2012 and launched a new series titled Tex Willer in 2018.
Works
References
External links
1953 births
20th-century Italian writers
21st-century Italian writers
Italian comics writers
Comic book editors
Writers from Milan
Living people
El Shark () is a Lebanese daily newspaper founded in 1926 published in Arabic in Beirut, Lebanon. It is published by Dar El Shark () also founded in Lebanon in 1926. The company also publishes Nadine monthly.
See also
List of newspapers in Lebanon
References
External links
Official website
1926 establishments in Lebanon
Arabic-language newspapers
Newspapers published in Beirut
Publications established in 1926
Daily newspapers published in Lebanon
Double aspect is a legal doctrine in Canadian constitutional law that allows for laws to be created by both provincial and federal governments in relation to the same subject matter. Typically, the federalist system assigns subject matters of legislation to a single head of power. However, certain matters have several dimensions to them, such that for one purpose the matter will fall to one head of power, while for another purpose, it will fall to the other. For example, highway traffic laws fall into the property and civil rights power of the province, but equally, can be a criminal offence which is in the criminal law power of the federal government.
The origin of the doctrine comes from the Privy Council decision of Hodge v. The Queen, where it was stated that "subjects which in one aspect and for one purpose fall within s. 92, may in another aspect and for another purpose fall within s. 91".
Matters of double aspect
The Courts have established several matters that are considered "double aspect" and can be legislated by either provincial or federal government. Those matters include:
Entertainment in taverns
Gaming
Interest rates
Insolvency
Maintenance of spouses and child custody
Securities regulations
Temperance
References
Further reading
Peter Hogg, Constitutional law of Canada, section 15.5(c)
Constitution of Canada
Federalism in Canada
Legal terminology
A density cup is an instrument that is used to ensure quality control in a paint or lacquer. It does this by measuring the density of the paint or lacquer, and comparing this density with the density of a standard for that paint or lacquer. If the density reading is different from the standard, then there is an error in paint composition because if there were no error in paint composition, then the measurement would match up to the standard density for that paint or lacquer.
Knowing the density of a paint is essential because a consistent density assures overall consistency between products of the same color.
Density cups are precisely measured cylinders that are made of stainless steel, and usually have a hole in the top through which excess liquid and air bubbles can escape.
References
Density meters
François-Jacques Guillotte (? Paris – 1766 ?, id.) was an 18th-century French police officer and Encyclopédiste.
Life
When the Diderot family moved at #6 rue Mouffetard in the Parisian parish of Saint-Médard in April 1746, there lived also François-Jacques Guillotte, a police officer in their vicinity. The two men became friends, they united their common interest in philosophy and in the development of the society of the Ancien régime.
François-Jacques Guillotte wrote the article Pont militaire (military bridge) for the Encyclopédie by Denis Diderot.
Sources
Joseph-Marie Quérard, La France littéraire, t. 5, Paris, Firmin-Didot, 1862, 1833, .
References
Police officers from Paris
Contributors to the Encyclopédie (1751–1772)
Denis Diderot
18th-century births
1760s deaths
This Man, according to a website created in 2008 by Italian marketer Andrea Natella named Ever Dream This Man?, refers to a person who was claimed to have been repeatedly seen in dreams worldwide since 2006, but was never found in the real world. Natella created the site in 2008, but it was not until October 2009 that it gained attention from the press and online internet users. This Man's notoriety spawned several internet memes that spoofed flyers of the website, references in films and television shows like The X-Files, and a manga series based on the hoax by Weekly Shonen Magazine.
Story of the hoax
According to the storyline, later on, in January 2006 until today more than 2,000 people from other major cities across the world such as Los Angeles, Berlin, São Paulo, Tehran, Beijing, London, Rome, Dhaka, Barcelona, Durban, Stockholm, Guadalajara, Pattaya, Sydney, Amman, Ottawa, Paris, Lisbon, Singapore City, Prague, Riyadh, Tokyo, Karachi, New Delhi, Moscow, Lagos, and Busan claimed to have seen the man while sleeping. Also according to the storyline, those who dreamed him, who remained anonymous, suggest he was a Brazilian school teacher who had six fingers on his right hand. These dreamers' experiences of the man varied from romantic, sexual, violence, crime, corruption, deadly situations to flying with the man to just seeing him staring at the dreamer and doing nothing.
Andrea Natella, when interviewed by Vice magazine for an article that took the myth seriously (thus making Natella answer the questions as if for real), explained that he first dreamed This Man before he was aware of who he really was; it was in the winter of 2008, and This Man, "invited [him] to create a website to find an answer to his own appearance." Following This Man's instructions, he not only made the site but also produced the mysterious man's identikit using the mobile device application Ultimate Flash Face.
An actual living human that looked like This Man was never identified, and there were some who dreamed of him who had no relationship with others also seeing him in their dreams. His voice was also unidentifiable, as it is much harder for someone to remember the audio part of a dream than the visual; it was also rare for him to speak in the dreams. However, Natella claimed that he received letters and emails that compared This Man's look to that of fictional characters such as The Man from Another Place and The Dummy and famous real-life figures such as Andrew Lloyd Webber. He also claimed that some, including an Indian guru named Arud Kannan Ayya, claimed themselves to be This Man, but with no evidence.
ThisMan.org suggested five theories of the phenomena:
This Man was an example of Carl Jung's concept of the unconscious "archetypal image" people see during very difficult life situations.
This Man was a manifestation of God.
A corporation was mentally conditioning multiple people to dream the same man.
Some people dreamt the man only after learning about others seeing him.
Because it is hard for humans to remember people's faces in dreams, people are inaccurately using Natella's identikit of This Man to describe the person in their recurring dreams.
Popularity
The story of This Man started gaining attention from internet users and the press in 2009. It was not until October of that year that views of the site skyrocketed. In a short period of time, it garnered more than two million visits and 10,000-plus emails from others sharing experiences with This Man and sending photos of those who looked like him. On October 12, 2009, comedian Tim Heidecker made a Twitter post about This Man, tweeting that it was "scaring the shit outta me." While Natella's previous marketing stunts only garnered local attention, This Man was the first time he performed a stunt that spread across the globe.
Debunk
Upon This Man's initial widespread exposure, there was suspicion from not only 4chan users but also blogs like ASSME and io9 that it was a guerrilla-marketing stunt, as they discovered ThisMan.org was hosted by the same company that also hosted a site named guerrila marketing it, "a fake advertising agency which designed subversive hoaxes and created weird art projects exploring pornography, politics, and advertising", described Natella. Nonetheless, some sources presented the argument of it being a hoax as simply being one side of the discussion instead of a real fact. However, a 2010 post from the "artgency" website Kook, which Natella became a partner of while This Man was gaining traction, and a published paper he wrote in 2012 titled "Viral 'K' Marketing" finally confirmed that This Man was not real but rather a stunt.
While Natella admitted ThisMan.org was simply a marketing ploy, he never revealed what it was promoting; however, some sources, including The Kernel, suggest that it was meant to promote a film of the same name by Bryan Bertino, writer and director of The Strangers (2008). If the press release for the film is any indication, it would have been about a person who hears about other people he has never met before dreaming about him. Ghost House Pictures bought ThisMan.org in May 2010 and announced that they were writing and directing a film about This Man, with Bertino contracted as writer/director. No further announcement has since been made about the film.
Even after Natella's confirmations, serious coverage of This Man continued into the mid-2010s from publications like Vice magazine. Vice contacted the site, and Natella answered questions as if the site was not a hoax. However, on the same day the magazine published its interview with Natella, it released an announcement to its readers that This Man was not real: "we run a story, it turns out to be something that was denounced in 2009 and could be easily verified as fake with a single google, a few people call us dickheads and the editorial team drown in their own tears."
Analysis
io9 writer Annalee Newitz called This Man "Natella's greatest masterwork", reasoning that it was only "uncanny", "cheesy and a little bit scary" instead of having "artsy pseudo-intellectual politics" like a lot of his other art does." Vice explained that while This Man does not exist, he "properly looks like the kind of dude you might see in a dream", where "he pats you on the back[,] you feel warm and nostalgic[, and] you wake up." A 2014 article from the fringe science website Mysterious Universe claims that people experiencing the same type of dreams is possible; it cites not only Jung's archetypal theory but also Ervin László's pseudoscientific theory of the Akashic Field: "should it prove true that our thoughts do not reside within our own heads, but rather exist in the ether, then couldn't some of us be accessing the same information in our subconscious during dreams?" Vice described the purpose of the hoax as "Kind of like Inception but with memes", as it "prim[ed] people to dream what they've never dreamed before."
In other media
Upon This Man's initial popularity, internet users posted several internet memes spoofing flyers for the myth, which replaced This Man's facial compositions with headshots of famous figures such as Robbie Rotten, Karl Marx, and Barack Obama. Comedy Central also produced their own parody of the flyer that used Daniel Tosh's face.
This Man's identikit makes brief appearances in the beginning of the 2017 South Korean film Lucid Dream and The X-Files episode "Plus One", where it is on the upper right part of a photo of The Lone Gunmen seen previously in the show without it.
The MMORPG Rift has a set of collectibles inspired by This Man called "Twisted: The Dream Traveler" in its Nightmare Tide expansion.
In 2018, Weekly Shōnen Magazine began running a manga based on This Man and named after the hoax. Illustrated by Kouji Megumi of Bloody Monday fame and written by Karin Sora, it follows a police officer named Hakaru Amano and his case that involves the urban legend of This Man. The first volume ran from April 25, 2018 to April 3, 2019.
The 2019 video game AI: The Somnium Files included cameo appearances of This Man in two of its puzzle segments. Players are awarded a trophy should they see him on both of these occasions.
References
External links
"This Man (Ever Dream This Man?)" at Know Your Meme
A portfolio of Natella's other stunts on his official website
guerrigliamarketing.it, a site that was hosted by the same company that hosted ThisMan.com
Internet hoaxes
Internet memes
2018 manga
Promotion and marketing communications
The X-Files (franchise)
Unreleased films
Unreleased American films
Cancelled films
Unfinished films
2010s unfinished films
Urban legends
Creepypasta
Gojna Gora is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 735 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The 78th Tank Division was a division of the Soviet Ground Forces, active from 1965 to the 1990s. It was originally established in 1949 as the 15th Tank Division, from the 78th Heavy Tank Self-Propelled Regiment (the former 78th Tank Brigade). It gained the 78th designation in 1965. It was part of the 1st Army Corps from 1960, and was based at Ayaguz from 1970. Anatoly Kvashnin commanded the division from 1982 to 1987. In 1991, on the fall of the Soviet Union, the 78th Tank Division was serving at Ayaguz, Kazakh SSR, in the Turkestan Military District. In March 1992 it became part of the Kazakh Ground Forces, and soon after became the 78th Mechanized Division.
In 1992 it became a mechanized division. In 2000, it received the honorific "Kabanbai Batyr". In 2003, the division disbanded due to the reorganization of the Kazakh Ground Forces into brigades. The 369th Guards Motor Rifle Regiment became the 3rd Separate Guards Mechanized Brigade. The 180th and 156th Tank Regiments became the 11th Kabanbai Batyr Tank Brigade. The 1030th Self-Propelled Artillery Regiment became the 34th Artillery Brigade.
History
In the autumn of 1943, the 78th Tank Brigade took part in the Nevel Offensive. One Soviet report said the brigade only lost seven tanks in the offensive. For distinction in battles during this operation, by order of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief on September 7, 1943, the brigade was given the honorary name "Nevelskaya". On April 4, 1944 it was reassigned to the 10th Guards Army of the 2nd Baltic Front.
On February 10, 1945, it was withdrawn from the 10th Guards Army and subordinated to the 42nd Army of the 2nd Baltic Front.
Cold War
On 23 August 1949, the 78th Heavy Tank Self-Propelled Regiment was upgraded into the 15th Tank Division at Ashgabat, part of the Turkestan Military District. On 23 May 1953, it was reorganized. The 31st Motor Rifle Regiment became the 135th Mechanized Regiment, the 1062nd Artillery Regiment was formed from the mortar regiment and howitzer battalion, the 85th Separate Motorcycle Battalion became a reconnaissance battalion and the chemical defense company was activated. The anti-aircraft artillery regiment was renumbered as the 1144th in April 1955. In June 1957, the division was reorganized again. The 135th Mechanized Regiment became the 374th Motor Rifle Regiment, the 96th Tank Regiment was disbanded and replaced by the 143rd Tank Regiment and the 78th Heavy Tank Self-Propelled Regiment disbanded. In 1960, the separate tank training battalion was disbanded. In October 1960, the division became part of the 1st Army Corps. On 19 February 1962 the 345th Separate Missile Battalion and separate equipment maintenance and recovery battalion were activated.
On 11 January 1965, the division was redesignated as the 78th Tank Division, restoring its original World War II number. In April 1970, the 374th Motor Rifle Regiment moved to the 155th Motor Rifle Division and was replaced by the 5th Guards Motor Rifle Division's 369th Guards Motor Rifle Regiment. At the same time the division transferred to Ayaguz. In 1972, the chemical defense company became the 564th Separate Chemical Defense Battalion. The 1052nd Separate Material Supply Battalion was formed in 1980 from the motor transport battalion. On 24 September 1981, the division became part of the 32nd Army. In 1988, the division was equipped with T-62 tanks and BMP-1 infantry fighting vehicles. On 1 March 1988, it returned to control of the 1st Army Corps. On 4 June 1991 it became part of the reformed 40th Army.During the Cold War it was maintained at 65% strength.
Kazakh service
In March 1992, it was taken over by Kazakhstan. On 7 May 1992, it officially became part of the Kazakh Ground Forces. On 14 May 1999, the division was reorganized into the 3rd Mechanized Division. The full name of the division after the reorganization was the 3rd Mechanized Red Banner Nevelsk Division. At the same time, the 180th Tank Regiment was renamed to the 31st Tank Regiment. On 20 October 2000, it was named after Kabanbai Batyr. In connection with the transition of the Ground Forces to a brigade formation in 2003, the division was disbanded. On 15 May 2005, the 31st Tank Regiment was reorganized into the 11th Separate Mechanized Brigade. On 1 December 2007, the 11th Mechanized Brigade was reorganized into the 11th Tank Brigade.
References
Tank divisions of the Soviet Union
Military units and formations established in 1965
Military units and formations awarded the Order of the Red Banner
Kotelniki () is a rural locality (a village) in Karagaysky District of Perm Krai, Russia.
References
Rural localities in Karagaysky District
The 32nd Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1897 Nova Scotia general election, the 31st overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 32nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1901 Nova Scotia general election, the 32nd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 33rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 10th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 1988 Nova Scotia general election, the 54th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 55th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 32nd general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Hiro Murai (born 1983) is a Japanese-American filmmaker based in Los Angeles. His most notable works include internationally successful music videos for artists such as Childish Gambino, Earl Sweatshirt, Chet Faker, Flying Lotus, David Guetta, St. Vincent, The Shins, The Fray, Bloc Party, Queens of the Stone Age, and FKA Twigs.
He received a Grammy Award in 2019 for Best Music Video for "This is America" with Childish Gambino. He also received five Primetime Emmy Award nominations for the FX series Atlanta (2016–present), and the HBO limited series Station Eleven (2022). He is a frequent director of Bill Hader's HBO series Barry (2018-present) and executive produces the Hulu series The Bear (2022-present).
Early life and education
Murai was born to Japanese popular music composer Kunihiko Murai. He moved to Los Angeles when he was nine years old. He graduated with a degree from the USC School of Cinematic Arts.
After graduation, Murai turned to freelance work as the director of photography for numerous music videos, as well as VFX and storyboarding, most notably for Ace Norton. After some time Murai began to direct low budget films.
Career
In 2013, he directed the short film Clapping for the Wrong Reasons, a companion piece for Childish Gambino's second studio album, Because the Internet, and its attached screenplay. In the same year, he created a multi-panel video set for Frank Ocean's performance at the Grammys.
Since 2016, Murai has directed several episodes of the comedy-drama Atlanta, collaborating again with Donald Glover (aka Childish Gambino). For his work on the show, he has received three nominations for the Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series and Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series.
In 2016 he directed a Nike campaign starring Chance The Rapper.
He directed the music video for Childish Gambino's "This Is America", released on May 5, 2018, which was described as "the most talked-about music video of recent memory", and which Billboard critics ranked 10th among the "greatest music videos of the 21st century." In 2019, Murai won the Grammy Award for Best Music Video for directing the video.
In November 2018, the trailer for his debut feature film Guava Island, starring Donald Glover and Rihanna, premiered at the Pharos Festival in New Zealand. Guava Island was released on April 13, 2019, by Amazon Studios through Amazon Prime Video. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 74% based on reviews from 43 critics, with an average rating of 6.60/10. On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 64 out of 100, based on 8 reviews, indicating "generally favorable" reviews.
In 2021, Murai directed the first and third episode the science fiction miniseries Station Eleven for HBO Max.
In June 2018, it was announced that he would direct a science fiction feature film, Man Alive, written by David Robert Mitchell.
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
Awards and nominations
(2009) MVPA Award for Best Video under $25K. The Fray "Heartless"
(2012) Best Music Video Lists: Pitchfork / BuzzFeed / Consequence of Sound / Video Static / Co.Create / NPR Music - for St. Vincent "Cheerleader" and Earl Sweatshirt "Chum"
(2013) MVPA Best Electronic Video: David Guetta - "She Wolfs"
(2014) UKMVA Director of the Year / Best Rock / Indie Video International QOTSA for Smooth Sailing.
(2014) Best Music Videos Lists: The Verge, Pitchfork, IMVDB, Stereogum
References
External links
Official website
Hiro Murai at the Internet Music Video Database
1983 births
Living people
American film directors of Japanese descent
Grammy Award winners
Filmmakers from California
Japanese filmmakers
People from Tokyo
USC School of Cinematic Arts alumni
Japanese emigrants to the United States
Angelo Nardi may refer to:
Angelo Nardi (painter) (1584–1664), Italian painter active in Spain
Sirpur Paper Mills Limited (SPM) is an integrated pulp and paper mill situated at Kagaznagar in Komaram Bheem district, Telangana. JK Paper Ltd acquired Sirpur Paper Mills in August 2018.
Establishment
Sirpur Paper Mills Ltd was established in the erstwhile Hyderabad State in 1938 by the Nizam of Hyderabad Mir Osman Ali Khan, with actual production beginning in 1942. This makes it one of the oldest paper mills in the country. In the 1950s, the Birla family group of industries took over the mill, and it was later transferred to the Poddars. It was owned by R. K. Poddar at the time of its closure.
Closure
At the time of the closure, the mill employed about 3000 workers. The management team cited increasing raw material costs and unavailability of reliable power as the major reasons that impacted the profitability of the plant. Production at the mill had been shut down from September 2014 to August 2018.
Acquisition by JK Paper
Efforts were started by the Kalvakuntla Chandrashekar Rao government in Telangana to attract new investors to restart production at the mill and boost the local economy, which was heavily dependent on it. The Harsh Pati Singhania-promoted JK Paper Ltd has taken over the ailing sick paper mill, The Sirpur Paper Mills Ltd, located at Kagaznagar in Telangana district. The takeover comes after the National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad had on July 19 approved the Rs 782-crore resolution plan. According to the JK Paper management, “The acquisition provides a growth opportunity to JK Paper to expand its existing line of business of paper and paper board.” The company has secured approval from the NCLT Hyderabad Bench and acquired 76.37 per cent stake comprising 13,90,00,000 shares of face value of Rs 10 each. JK Paper does not require approval from the Competition Commission of India as the target business is within the prescribed exemption threshold as per the regulations. As per the arrangement, Rs 371 crore has been settled by the company and its JK Enviro-tech Ltd, towards corporate insolvency resolution process cost, admitted operational creditors, workmen and employees dues among others, as per the terms of the Resolution Plan. This consists of cash payment of Rs 165 crore and issue of securities consisting of equity shares of Rs 43 crore and preference shares of Rs 162 crore by Sirpur Paper Mills Ltd. The company has issued equity shares of SPML through primary subscription at the face value of Rs 10 each. After the lenders lifted the seizure of the paper mills, Harsh Pati Singhania, Vice-Chairman and Managing Director of JK Paper, and others opened the paper mill, which will play a major role in the revival of the economy in the newly carved out Komaram Bheem district, where the mill is located. Significantly, KT Rama Rao, Telangana IT and Industries Minister, and local MLA Koneru Konappa, played a role in facilitating the takeover of the mill by ensuring that the State extends certain concessions, which will make the mill viable. JK Paper shares were trading at Rs 148.80, up 5.48 per cent on the BSE.
References
External links
Official site
Komaram Bheem district
Pulp and paper companies of India
Hyderabad State
Tatiana Kavvadia (born 23 September 1976) is a Greek former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Greek women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Greece
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
The Gwalior campaign was fought between the British and Maratha forces in Gwalior in India, December 1843.
Background
The Maratha Empire had controlled much of central and northern India and fell to the British in 1818, giving the British control over almost all of the Indian subcontinent. The Maharaja of Gwalior had died and a young child was appointed as the Maharaja with British support. However, Marathas in Gwalior saw the failed British campaign in Afghanistan as an opportunity to regain independence and removed the young Maharaja. Lord Ellenborough, foreseeing the possibility of the Marathas in Gwalior attempting independence had formed the Army of Exercise near Agra. After attempts to negotiate failed, the British advanced in a two-pronged attack. The British, under the command of Gen. Sir Hugh Gough clashed with Maratha forces, under the command of Maharaja Scindia, in two battles on the same day; 29 December 1843.
Battle of Maharajpore
The Maratha army had 14 battalions, 1,000 artillerymen with 60 guns, and 6,000 cavalry at Maharajpore. The British had the 40th Regiment of Foot with the 2nd and 16th Native Infantry Regiments forming the central column, the 39th Regiment of Foot with the 56th Native Infantry Regiment and a field battery forming the left column and the 16th Lancers with two troops of horse artillery as well as other artillery forming the right column.
The center column advanced to attack where they believed the main enemy force was located. However, during the night the Marathas had moved and the British were surprised as they came under heavy fire from the Maratha artillery in their new positions. The central column then received the order to take the battery positions, which they did under continuous heavy fire from shot, grape, canister, and chain. The guns were to the south-east of Maharajpore, with two battalions of Maratha troops for each battery, and in Maharajpore with seven battalions for each battery. The British engaged the Marathas in hand-to-hand fighting, both sides taking heavy casualties, and cleared the positions. The Marathas fought hard, and few escaped. The British finally defeated the Marathas, suffering 797 men killed, wounded, or missing. The Marathas were estimated to have lost 3000 to 4000 men.
Battle of Punniar
The Marathas at Punniar (29 December 1843) numbered about 12,000 men and occupied the high ground near Mangore. As the British Army approached, they immediately attacked the Maratha positions, driving them from the hill.
Aftermath
After the defeat of the Maratha forces in Gwalior, the British disbanded their army and established a force in the state that the government of Gwalior maintained. A British governor was appointed at Gwalior Fort. The British soldiers who participated in the campaign were awarded a medal, the Gwalior Star.
References
Conflicts in 1843
Battles involving British India
19th-century military history of the United Kingdom
1843 in India
1843 in British India
History of Madhya Pradesh
Gwalior
And Defaar Sénégal is a political alliance in Senegal. Its main member is the And-Jëf/African Party for Democracy and Socialism (AJ/PADS). In the 3 June 2007 parliamentary election, the alliance won 4.94% of the popular vote and 3 out of 150 seats.
References
Political parties with year of establishment missing
Political party alliances in Senegal
VTM or Vlaamse Televisie Maatschappij (English: Flemish Television Company) is the main commercial television station in Flanders (the Dutch-speaking northern region of Belgium) and forms part of a network of channels owned by DPG Media (formerly Medialaan).
It was launched on February 1, 1989 as the second commercial television channel in Belgium after the French-speaking RTL-TVI, and quickly became the most popular TV channel in the Flemish part of Belgium. Early programming consisted of local versions of game shows like 'Rad Van Fortuin' (Wheel of Fortune) or 'Waagstuk!' (Jeopardy!). The channel is also considered to have been instrumental in the rebirth of the local music industry as it was the first TV channel to promote local music through its primetime TV show 'Tien om te zien' (Ten to see), a weekly chart show with only local music productions.
The channel's focus on local music and local versions of international TV formats quickly allowed it to outperform public television in 1989 and the early 1990s. Average marketshare went up to over 40% in 1993. Currently VTM is still the Flemish commercial market leader and the 2nd biggest channel in Flanders. It can be received on cable, digital cable, IPTV in Flanders and Belgium and by satellite in Europe.
Parent company DPG Group also operates sister channels, including VTMKzoom (children's), as well as VTM 2 and VTM 3. Many programs originally aired on VTM may later rerun on these other channels. The broadcaster also owns two radio stations: Q-music and JOEfm. It also formerly owned the now defunct Radio BemBem. In 2005 there were talks about MEDIALAAN, VTM's former owner, buying the Flemish part of Canal Plus from Telenet but this fell through. In 2006 rumours spread that the RTL Group would buy 50% of MEDIALAAN, but VTM as well as RTL denied those plans.
In 2004, VTM lost its market dominance back to the public broadcaster VRT's flagship channel één. After its big rebranding in 2008 and the latest smaller rebrand in 2012, VTM regained strength with popular shows.
Programming
Currently aired Flemish (co-)productions
Benidorm Bastards (reruns only)
Echte Verhalen: De Buurtpolitie
Familie (Belgian soap opera)
Het Weer
I Can See Your Voice
The Masked Singer
The Voice Kids
The Voice van Vlaanderen
VTM Nieuws
Wittekerke
Currently aired Imported productions
9-1-1
America's Funniest Home Videos
Chicago Fire
Chicago Med
Chicago P.D.
Last Man Standing
Private Practice
Speechless
Sturm der Liebe
Suits
Take Two
Formerly aired Flemish (co-)productions
Aspe
Boer zkt Vrouw
Comedy Toppers
David
De Beste Hobbykok van Vlaanderen
De...dagshow
De Grote Sprong
De Juiste Prijs
De Kotmadam
De Vlaamse 10
Ella
Een ster in de familie
Gina & Chantal
Goedele Nu
Het mooiste meisje van de klas
Idool
Jambers
Jonas&VanGeel
Klasgenoten
Kriebels
LouisLouise
Make Belgium Great Again
My Name Is...
Matroesjka's
Ons geluk
Over Winnaars
Royalty
Sara
So You Think You Can Dance
Stressvakantie
The Team (European TV series)
Team Spirit
Telefacts
Telefacts 360
Telefacts Crime
Vlaamse Hollywood Vrouwen
X Factor
Zone Stad
Zoom
Formerly aired Imported productions
9-1-1
All Saints
Border Security: Australia's Front Line
Boston Legal
Chuck
Cold Case
Dawson's Creek
DC Super Hero Girls
Diff'rent Strokes
Empty Nest
ER
Frasier
Fresh Off the Boat
Galidor: Defenders of the Outer Dimension
Half & Half
House
How I Met Your Mother
Lou Grant
Love Bites
Magnum, P.I.
McLeod's Daughters
Mercy
Merlin
NYPD Blue
Packed to the Rafters
Rush
Second Noah
Shark
Shades of Blue
Sons of Tucson
The Education of Max Bickford
The Event
The Ex List
The Good Doctor
The Guardian
The Voice (U.S.)
Third Watch
Touched by an Angel
Two and a Half Men
Will & Grace
Yes, Dear
TamTam
For several years, VTM broadcast a kids' strand called TamTam, competing with VRT's Ketnet. It featured programmes such as Teletubbies Everywhere and Miffy for little children and shows such as SimsalaGrimm, Tweety and Sylvester Mysteries, Schuif Af and Kids Top 20 for older kids. During VTM's latest rebrand on 29 February 2008, the channel decided to do away with the TamTam brand. The programming block is now broadcast under the VTM brand.
VTM Kids
VTM Kids is the kids channel. It airs between 6am and 6pm. There is also a channel called VTM Kids+ which airs 24/24 and is a digital only channel. The brand has started on the first of October 2009.
Teletext
VTM started a teletext service on 1 February 1996 which was stopped on 1 November 2014. The page 888 is still available for subtitles.
Logos
See also
List of television channels in Belgium
References
External links
VTM
VTMKZOOM
2BE
Jim
Q-music
JoeFM
MEDIALAAN
VMMtv
1989 establishments in Belgium
Television channels in Flanders
Television channels in Belgium
Television channels and stations established in 1989
Vilvoorde
Porter Michael Peterson (born June 17, 1976) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the outside linebackers coach at the University of Florida. He most recently was the outside linebackers coach at the University of South Carolina. Peterson played college football at the University of Florida, where he was a member of a national championship team and earned All-American honors. He was a second-round pick in the 1999 NFL Draft and played professionally for thirteen seasons with the Indianapolis Colts, Jacksonville Jaguars and Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL).
Early years
Peterson was born in Gainesville, Florida in 1976. He attended Santa Fe High School in nearby Alachua, Florida, where he played for the Santa Fe Raiders high school football team.
College career
Peterson accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, and played for coach Steve Spurrier's Florida Gators football team from 1995 to 1998. He was a member of the 1996 Gators team that finished 12–1 and won the Bowl Alliance national championship by defeating the top-ranked Florida State Seminoles 52–20 in the Sugar Bowl. Peterson started twenty-four of forty-two games in which he played, posted 249 tackles, three forced fumbles, thirteen tackles for a loss and 8.5 sacks. As a senior team captain in 1998, he was a first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection and a first-team All-American, and was selected as the Gators' most valuable player by his teammates.
Peterson was inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" in 2011.
College awards and honors
2× SEC Championship (1995, 1996)
Bowl Alliance National Championship (1996)
First-team All-SEC (1998)
First-team All-American (1998)
University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame
Professional career
The Indianapolis Colts selected Peterson in the second round (36th overall) of the 1999 NFL Draft. The Colts acquired the pick from the St. Louis Rams in exchange for Marshall Faulk.
He played for the Colts for four seasons from to . Peterson also played for the Jacksonville Jaguars for the six seasons from to when he and coach Jack del Rio had a verbal altercation during a team meeting.
Peterson played for the Atlanta Falcons from to . On March 13, 2012, he became an unrestricted free agent, but re-signed with the Falcons on July 23, 2012. Peterson again became an unrestricted free agent in 2013.
NFL awards and honors
Second-team All-Pro (2005)
Coaching career
Upon retirement from the NFL, Peterson returned to the University of Florida in 2013 to complete his undergraduate degree. He first worked as an undergraduate assistant coach on the Gators strength and conditioning staff then took over as its coordinator in 2014 after graduating.
In 2016, Peterson was hired as outside linebackers coach on Will Muschamp's staff at South Carolina.
On January 5th, 2022, Peterson was hired as outside linebackers coach on Billy Napier's staff at Florida.
Personal life
Peterson is the older brother of former Chicago Bears running back Adrian Peterson and cousin of former NFL wide receiver Freddie Solomon. Peterson is married to his wife Chantal and they have two sons: Mike, Jr. and Gavin.
Peterson and his wife established the Mike Peterson Foundation in 2004. The foundation was constituted in an attempt to support and benefit under-served youth and socio-economically challenged families in Peterson's hometown of Alachua, Florida and his NFL cities of Jacksonville and Atlanta. Since its inception, the Mike Peterson Foundation has already served over 15,000 youth and families through several community events and programs, most notably the Top Dog Readers Club literacy program at the Grove Park Elementary School in Atlanta.
See also
Florida Gators
Florida Gators football, 1990–99
List of Florida Gators football All-Americans
List of Florida Gators in the NFL Draft
List of University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame members
References
Bibliography
Carlson, Norm, University of Florida Football Vault: The History of the Florida Gators, Whitman Publishing, LLC, Atlanta, Georgia (2007). .
Golenbock, Peter, Go Gators! An Oral History of Florida's Pursuit of Gridiron Glory, Legends Publishing, LLC, St. Petersburg, Florida (2002). .
Hairston, Jack, Tales from the Gator Swamp: A Collection of the Greatest Gator Stories Ever Told, Sports Publishing, LLC, Champaign, Illinois (2002). .
McCarthy, Kevin M., Fightin' Gators: A History of University of Florida Football, Arcadia Publishing, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina (2000). .
Nash, Noel, ed., The Gainesville Sun Presents The Greatest Moments in Florida Gators Football, Sports Publishing, Inc., Champaign, Illinois (1998). .
1976 births
Living people
People from Alachua, Florida
Sportspeople from Gainesville, Florida
Players of American football from Gainesville, Florida
American football middle linebackers
Florida Gators football players
All-American college football players
Indianapolis Colts players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Atlanta Falcons players
Beli Kamen is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 466 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Joël Pelier (born 23 March 1962, in Valentigney) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.
After the final climb of stage 17 in the 1986 Tour de France, Pelier collapsed from exhaustion and fell into a 7-hour coma.
In the 1989 Tour de France, then 27-year-old domestique had never been watched in his pro career by his parents who were dedicated to caring for Pelier's severely disabled sibling who needed constant attention. His parents made arrangements to watch stage 6 from near the finish line to which he responded with an attempted lone breakaway, and held out to win the stage by 1 minute and 34 seconds. He rode on his own for 4 and a 1/2 hours through wind and rain for 102 of the stage's 161 miles. It was the then second longest breakaway in Tour de France history after Albert Bourlon in 1947 and since surpassed by Thierry Marie. On the podium for the day's presentations a tear drenched Pelier was seen on television saying, "Mon per, mon per". and "This win is so special to me because today is the first time that my mother and father have seen me in the Tour de France".
Major results
1985
1st Stage 4a Paris–Nice
3rd Overall Tour d'Armorique
10th Overall Étoile de Bessèges
1986
2nd Overall Tour Méditerranéen
10th Overall Grand Prix du Midi Libre
1987
1st Stage 1 Tour de la Communauté Européenne
3rd Overall Tour d'Armorique
4th Overall Nissan Classic
1st Stage 2
5th GP Ouest–France
7th Overall Tour Midi-Pyrénées
1st Stage 4
1988
1st Stage 1a (ITT) Grand Prix du Midi Libre
6th Overall Tour d'Armorique
6th Trophée des Grimpeurs
7th Tour du Haut Var
1989
1st Stage 6 Tour de France
7th Overall Grand Prix du Midi Libre
10th Overall Tour Méditerranéen
1990
1st Stage 5 Tour de la Communauté Européenne
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
Official Tour de France results for Joël Pelier
1962 births
Living people
People from Valentigney
French male cyclists
French Tour de France stage winners
Sportspeople from Doubs
Cyclists from Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Wilhelm Omsted (born 24 May 1939) is a Norwegian lawyer and judge.
He graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1967, and worked as a deputy judge in Hardanger and a secretary in the Ministry of Justice. From 1971 he was a lawyer, since 1973 in his own lawyer's firm. In 1976 he received his barrister's license, with permission to work with Supreme Court cases. From 1985 to 1988 he was a board member of the Norwegian Bar Association. In 1988 he became a presiding judge in Eidsivating Court of Appeal. When Borgarting Court of Appeal was created out of Eidsivating in 1995, he became a presiding judge there. He has also held lectures at the University of Oslo.
He resides in Frogner.
References
1939 births
Living people
20th-century Norwegian judges
21st-century Norwegian judges
Swimming at the 1995 European Youth Summer Olympic Days was held at the University of Bath, England.
Medal summary
Events
Boys' events
Girls' events
References
1995 European Youth Summer Olympic Days
1995 in swimming
1995
The slender-footed tyrannulet (Zimmerius gracilipes) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, the tyrant flycatchers. It is found in humid forests of the west Amazon Basin in Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia and Brazil. Until recently, it included the Guianan tyrannulet as a subspecies.
References
Rheindt, F. E., Norman, J. A., & Christidis, L. (2008). DNA evidence shows vocalizations to be better indicator of taxonomic limits than plumage patterns in Zimmerius tyrant-flycatchers. Molecular Evolution and Phylogenetics 48(1): 150–156.
External links
Slender-footed tyrannulet photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
slender-footed tyrannulet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
slender-footed tyrannulet
slender-footed tyrannulet
slender-footed tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Restless Spirits - Big Band Ritmo-Sinfonica Città di Verona plays the music of Roberto Magris is an album recorded by jazz pianist Roberto Magris with the Big Band Ritmo-Sinfonica Città di Verona released on the Velut Luna label in 2009. The disc is dedicated to the music of Roberto Magris, arranged for a large orchestra and also includes, as guests, the trumpeter Massimo Greco and the percussionist Sbibu.
Reception
The All About Jazz review by Raul Da Gama awarded the album 4½ stars and simply states: "Almost a mirror of the journey of the soul in Dante Alighieri's classic 13th epic poem of eternal human exodus, The Divine Comedy. The journey takes souls and spirits through Purgatory and into Paradise. Therefore, the key is to succumb to the charms of the music and give in to its narrative. This is beautifully written and arranged, and constitutes a deeply profound meditative journey." The All About Jazz review by Jack Bowers simply states: " On Restless Spirits, Magris proves he is as proficient writing for a big band as he is for trios or quartets. He and the Big Band Ritmo Sinfonica Citta di Verona have designed an impressive album that is unlike any others you're apt to chance upon." The All About Jazz review by Jerry D'Souza simply states: " Magris uses a wide canvas for his compositions and his palette is rich in its colorful diversity. He daubs it with the stylistic impressionism of funk, ballads, the blues and African rhythms. And it all comes to life in the most exultant manner. Magris and the Big Band Ritmo Sinfonia Citta Di Verona combine for expressively exhilarating music that will linger long in the mind and heart. " The Ken Franckling's Jazz Notes included Restless Spirits – Big Band Ritmo-Sinfonica Città di Verona plays the music of Roberto Magris in the list of the 10 best new jazz releases of 2009.
Track listing
African Mood (Roberto Magris) - 6:58
Blues For My Sleeping Baby (Roberto Magris) - 6:47
Peaceful Heart (Roberto Magris) - 6:57
Ambiguous (Roberto Magris) - 9:48
Restless Spirits (Roberto Magris) - 7:44
Short & Shorter (Roberto Magris) - 6:35
Standard Life (Roberto Magris) - 8:36
Maliblues (Roberto Magris) - 6:36
Ambiguous (alternate take) (Roberto Magris) - 9:35
Personnel
Guest Soloists
Roberto Magris – piano e Fender Rhodes
Massimo Greco – trumpet
Sbibu – percussion
Musicians
Marco Pasetto – conductor and soprano sax (on 8)
Patrizia Ballardini – flute
Franco Lissandrini – flute
Beatrice Maistri – flute
Barbara Mazzon – flute
Giulia Realdini – flute
Elena Zavarise – flute
Matteo Costanzi – trumpet
Giorgio Fiorini – trumpet
Davide Gagliardo – trumpet
Sandro Gilioli – trumpet
Marco Sorio – trumpet
Giovanna Bissoli – soprano sax
Emanuele Ballini – alto sax
Paolo Girardi – alto sax
Paolo Pesenti – alto sax
Orazio Boscagin – tenor sax
Stefano Buttura – tenor sax
Sandro Avesani – baritone sax
Filippo Borgo – clarinet
Caterina Gatto – clarinet
Elisabetta Grego – clarinet
Alessandro Manfredi – clarinet
Nicola Zeggio – clarinet
Paolo Delaini – bass clarinet
Marco Finato – bass clarinet
Anna Vittoria Zanardi – bassoon
Saulo Agostini – trombone
Linda Anzolin – trombone
Gino Farenzena – trombone
Giorgio Morelato – trombone
Giordano Bruno Tedeschi – trombone
Ester Anzolin – French horn
Denis Cavallini – French horn
Graziana Marchioni – French horn
Marco Pallaver – French horn
Mario Cracco – tuba
Ivo Bonazzi – electric guitar
Daniele Rotunno - keyboards
Giuseppe Gasperini - electric bass
Luca Zoccatelli – electric bass
Giorgio Buttura – glockenspiel
Stefano Zuffellato – drums
Stefano Sartori – percussion
Production
Marco Lincetto – executive producer and producer
Marco Lincetto – engineering
Giovanna Bissoli – painting
Paolo Girardi – photography
References
Roberto Magris albums
2009 albums
The IBRO Dargut and Milena Kemali International Prize for Research in the field of Basic and Clinical Neurosciences' is a prize awarded every two years to an outstanding researcher, under 45 years old, who made important contributions in the field of Basic and Clinical Neurosciences. The award was established in 1998.
The prize award equals 25,000 Euros, and the prize winner is invited to give a lecture at the Federation of European Neuroscience Societies (FENS) Forum of Neuroscience held every two year. According to the FENS regulations, speakers from the previous FENS Forum cannot be speakers at the next FENS Forum. Nominations should be submitted in electronic format and are evaluated by the Prize Committee of the IBRO Dargut & Milena Kemali Foundation.
Prize winners
2020 - Hailan Hu (Zheijiang, China) – for impressive work on the fundamental neurobiological mechanisms of emotional and affective behaviors.
2018 - Guillermina López-Bendito (Alicante, Spain) - for outstanding work on mechanisms of axon guidance in brain development, and in particular in thalamocortical connectivity.
2016 - Casper Hoogenraad (Utrecht, The Netherlands) - for outstanding work on cytoskeleton dynamics and intracellular transport in neural development and synaptic plasticity.
2014 - Patrik Verstreken (Leuven, Belgium) - for success in undoing the effect of one of the genetic defects that leads to Parkinson's using vitamin K2.
2012 - Eleanor Maguire (London, UK) - for innovative contributions to understanding human memory.
2010 - Jonas Frisén (Stockholm, Sweden) - for pioneering contributions to understanding of neurogenesis in the central nervous system.
2008 - Massimo Scanziani (San Diego, CA, USA) - for seminal discoveries on how cerebral cortex perceives the environment by showing that cortical circuits operate in an activity-dependent and non-linear fashion using canonical feed-forward and feed-back inhibition circuits as feature detectors of incoming stimuli.
2006 - Patrik Ernfors (Stockholm, Sweden) - for outstanding work on the expression and function of neurotrophic factors and neuropeptide and their receptors exploiting transgenic techniques.
2004 - Cornelia I. Bargmann (San Francisco, CA, USA) for fundamental discoveries concerning genes, behavior, and the sense of smell in the nematode C. elegans.
2002 - Daniele Piomelli (Irvine, CA, USA) for fundamental discoveries concerning the functional roles and regulation of endogenous cannabinoids in the brain and peripheral tissues.
2000 - Robert C. Malenka (Boston, MA, USA) - for fundamental contributions in the field of synaptic plasticity, in particular long term potentiation and long term depression, and the characterization of the role of silent synapses in these processes.
1998 - Tamas Freund (Budapest, Hungary) - for outstanding contributions to the organization and chemical characterization of identified neuronal circuits and cell types in the brain, in particular in the hippocampus.
References
Neuroscience awards
European science and technology awards
International awards
Loxotrochis sepias is a moth in the family Immidae and the sole species of genus Loxotrochis. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on the New Hebrides.
The wingspan is about 28 mm. The forewings are rather dark fuscous, with the veins obscurely paler. The hindwings are dark grey, with a faint purplish tinge.
References
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Monotypic moth genera
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Dr. Heckyll and Mr. Jive (a parody of Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde by Robert Louis Stevenson) may refer to:
Music
Dr. Heckle and Mr. Jive (England Dan & John Ford Coley album), 1979
Dr Heckle and Mr Jive (Pigbag album), 1982
"Dr. Heckyll & Mr. Jive" (song), 1982 song by Men at Work
See also
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (disambiguation)
The Jubail Technical Institute is an educational establishment in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.
It was Inaugurated in 2004, under the umbrella of the Royal Commission for Jubail and Yanbu. The main purpose of the institute is to provide education and training in the fields of electrical, information technology, mechanical and manufacturing skills.
Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia
Night Visitor is an independently-financed 1989 thriller shot under the title Never Cry Devil that was directed by Rupert Hitzig, produced by Alain Silver, and stars Richard Roundtree, Elliott Gould, Allen Garfield, and Derek Rydall.
Synopsis
High school student Billy Colton (Derek Rydall) is spying on his attractive new neighbor (Shannon Tweed) when he witnesses her being murdered by a man in a robe, and he recognizes the man as his unpopular history teacher Zachary Willard (Allen Garfield). Because he has a history of pranks and conflict with Willard, the police do not believe him. Threatened by Willard and his deranged brother Stanley (Michael J. Pollard), who are cultists and serial murderers, Billy convinces retired investigator Ronald 'Ron' Devereaux (Elliott Gould) to help him find hard evidence.
Cast
Richard Roundtree as Captain Crane
Elliott Gould as Ronald 'Ron' Devereaux
Michael J. Pollard as Stanley Willard
Allen Garfield as Zachary Willard
Derek Rydall as Billy Colton
Henry Gibson as Jake
Shannon Tweed as Lisa Grace
Bruce Kimmel as Townsend
Brooke Bundy as Mrs. Colton
Kathleen Bailey as Dolan
Scott Fults as Sam Loomis
Teresa Vander Woulde as Kelly Fremont
Michael Jason Rosen (Michael Rosen) as Bernstein
Jovanni Brascia as Tony
Alain Silver (as Alain Joel Silver) as Thornhill
Amy Waddell as Annie Hayworth
Ann Dane as Theresa
Nancy McLendon as Reporter
Teri Weigel as Victim in Cellar
Kathryn Kimler as Second Victim
Reception
The movie was briefly released by MGM/UA on 200 screens (none of which were in New York or Los Angeles) and garnered mixed reviews, many of which expressed humorous appreciation for a basement confrontation between Gould's Devereaux and Pollard's Stanley, while others disparaged the sequence as "a badly choreographed fight between a chainsaw wielding Pollard and a shotgun toting Gould that probably read really well in the script, but looks terrible on film." A later reviewer was more favorably disposed: "Combine Rear Window with late 80s Satanic conspiracy theories and this is the result. Not as bad as it sounds, Night Visitor is an unfairly obscure movie about Satanism in suburbia."
External links
References
1989 films
1989 horror films
1980s psychological thriller films
American psychological horror films
United Artists films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
The Joncas River (in French: rivière Joncas) flows entirely in the municipality of Sainte-Louise, in the L'Islet Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, Quebec, Canada.
The confluence of the Joncas river constitutes the head of the Ferrée River, which flows on towards the north to go to the south bank of the St. Lawrence River. This last confluence is located in the small hamlet of Village-des-Aulnaies, located southwest of the village of La Pocatière and northeast of the village of Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies.
Toponymy
The toponym Joncas was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
Fudbalski klub Crvena zvezda is a Serbian professional association football club based in Belgrade, Serbia, who currently play in the Serbian SuperLiga. They have played at their current home ground, Red Star Stadium, since 1963.
In Crvena zvezda's history, 43 coaches have coached the club. The first manager was Branislav Sekulić and the current manager is Miloš Milojević, who was appointed on 21 August 2022. Miljan Miljanić had the longest reign as Crvena zvezda coach, with eight consecutive years in charge.
Managers
The following is the list of Red Star Belgrade head coaches and their respective tenures on the bench:
Branislav Sekulić (1946)
Svetislav Glišović (1946–48)
Aleksandar Tomašević (1948–50)
Ljubiša Broćić (1951)
Žarko Mihajlović (1951)
Branislav Sekulić (1952)
Žarko Mihajlović (1952–53)
Ljubiša Broćić (1953–54)
Boško Ralić (1954)
Milovan Ćirić (1954–57)
Milorad Pavić (1957–64)
Ivan Toplak (1964–66)
Miljan Miljanić (1966–74)
Miljenko Mihić (1974–75)
Milovan Ćirić (1975–76)
Gojko Zec (1976–78)
Branko Stanković (1978–82)
Stevan Ostojić (1982–83)
Gojko Zec (1983–86)
Velibor Vasović (1986–88)
Branko Stanković (1988)
Dragoslav Šekularac (1989–90)
Ljupko Petrović (1990–91)
Vladica Popović (1991–92)
Milan Živadinović (1992–94)
Ljupko Petrović (1994–96)
Vladimir Petrović (1996–1997)
Vojin Lazarević (1997)
Milorad Kosanović (1997–98)
Vojin Lazarević (1998–99)
Miloljub Ostojić (1999)
Zvonko Radić (caretaker) (1999)
Slavoljub Muslin (Sept 20, 1999–Sept 30, 2001)
Zoran Filipović (Oct 5, 2001–June 4, 2003)
Slavoljub Muslin (June 10, 2003–May 23, 2004)
Ljupko Petrović (June 8, 2004–Sept 17, 2004)
Milovan Rajevac (caretaker) (2004)
Ratko Dostanić (Sept 25, 2004–July 20, 2005)
Walter Zenga (July 29, 2005–May 30, 2006)
Dušan Bajević (July 1, 2006–March 10, 2007)
Boško Gjurovski (March 10, 2007–Aug 10, 2007)
Milorad Kosanović (Aug 10, 2007–Nov 9, 2007)
Aleksandar Janković (Nov 9, 2007–June 11, 2008)
Zdeněk Zeman (June 17, 2008–Sept 6, 2008)
Čedomir Janevski (Sept 10, 2008–May 8, 2009)
Siniša Gogić (caretaker) (May 8, 2009–May 30, 2009)
Vladimir Petrović (June 3, 2009–March 21, 2010)
Ratko Dostanić (March 21, 2010–Aug 6, 2010)
Aleksandar Kristić (Aug 7, 2010–Dec 7, 2010)
Robert Prosinečki (Dec 9, 2010–Aug 20, 2012)
Aleksandar Janković (Aug 21, 2012–March 18, 2013)
Ricardo Sá Pinto (March 19, 2013–June 19, 2013)
Slaviša Stojanović (June 24, 2013–June 21, 2014)
Nenad Lalatović (June 23, 2014–May 24, 2015)
Miodrag Božović (June 2, 2015–May 7, 2017)
Boško Gjurovski (caretaker) (May 8, 2017–May 27, 2017)
Vladan Milojević (June 5, 2017–Dec 19, 2019)
Dejan Stanković (Dec 21, 2019–Aug 26, 2022)
Miloš Milojević (Aug 26, 2022–present)
Managerial statistics (1966–present)
See also
List of KK Crvena zvezda head coaches
References
External links
Official website
Coaches
Red Star Belgrade
Shilansha (; Kaitag: Шшиланшша) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kirkinsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 82 as of 2010.
Geography
Shilansha is located 33 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kirki and Turaga are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
William Benyon (born 7 March 1945) is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s, and coached in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. He played at representative level for Great Britain, England and Lancashire, and at club level for St Helens, Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks and Warrington, as a or , i.e. number 3 or 4, or 6, and coached at club level for St Helens and Leigh.
Background
Billy Benyon was born in St. Helens, Lancashire, England.
Playing career
International honours
Billy Benyon won caps for England while at St Helens in 1968 against Wales, in 1970 against Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at St Helens in 1971 against France (2 matches), New Zealand, and New Zealand (interchange/substitute), and in 1972 against France (2 matches).
World Club Challenge appearances
Billy Benyon played in St. Helens' 2–25 defeat by the 1975 NSWRFL season premiers, Eastern Suburbs Roosters in the unofficial 1976 World Club Challenge at Sydney Cricket Ground on Tuesday 29 June 1976.
Championship Final appearances
Billy Benyon played left-, i.e. number 4, in St. Helens' 35–12 victory over Halifax in the Championship Final during the 1965–66 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 28 May 1966, in front of a crowd of 30,165.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Billy Benyon played left-, i.e. number 4, in St. Helens' 21–2 victory over Wigan in the 1966 Challenge Cup Final during the 1965–66 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 21 May 1966, in front of a crowd of 98,536, played right-, i.e. number 3, in the 16–13 victory over Leeds in the 1972 Challenge Cup Final during the 1971–72 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 13 May 1972, and played in the 20–5 victory over Widnes in the 1976 Challenge Cup Final during the 1975–76 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 8 May 1976.
County Cup Final appearances
Billy Benyon played in St. Helens' 7–4 victory over Swinton in the 1962 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1962–63 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 27 October 1962, played left-, i.e. number 4, and scored a try in the 12–4 victory over Swinton in the 1964 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1964–65 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 24 October 1964, played left-, i.e. number 4, in the 2–2 draw with Warrington in the 1967 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1967–68 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 7 October 1967, played right-, i.e. number 3, in the 13–10 victory over Warrington in the 1967 Lancashire Cup Final replay during the 1967–68 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 2 December 1967, played right-, i.e. number 3, in the 30–2 victory over Oldham in the 1968 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1968–69 season at Central Park, Wigan on Friday 25 October 1968, and played right-, i.e. number 3, in the 4–7 defeat by Leigh in the 1970 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1970–71 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 28 November 1970.
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final appearances
Billy Benyon played left-, i.e. number 4, in St. Helens' 0–4 defeat by Castleford in the 1965 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final during the 1965–66 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Tuesday 14 December 1965, played right-, i.e. number 3, in the 4–7 defeat by Wigan in the 1968 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final during the 1968-69 season at Central Park, Wigan on Tuesday 17 December 1968. played right-, i.e. number 3, in the 5–9 defeat by Leeds in the 1970 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final during the 1970–71 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Tuesday 15 December 1970, played right-, i.e. number 3, in the 8–2 victory over Rochdale Hornets in the 1971 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final during the 1971–72 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Tuesday 14 December 1971, and played right-, i.e. number 3, and scored a try in the 22–2 victory over Dewsbury in the 1975 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final during the 1975–76 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Tuesday 16 December 1975.
Player's No.6/John Player Trophy Final appearances
Billy Benyon played right-, i.e. number 3, in Warrington's 9–4 victory over Widnes in the 1977–78 Players No.6 Trophy Final during the 1977–78 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 28 January 1978, and played left-, i.e. number 4, in the 4–16 defeat by Widnes in the 1978–79 John Player Trophy Final during the 1978–79 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 28 April 1979.
Notable tour matches
Billy Benyon played right centre ie number three in St Helens 11-7 victory over Australia national rugby league team at Knowsley Road on 13 November 1973. Billy had a superb game in an under strength Saints side who beat a team contains Australian legends Bobby Fulton and Artie Beetson amongst others.
Billy Benyon played left-, i.e. number 4, in Warrington's 15–12 victory over Australia at Wilderspool Stadium, Warrington on Wednesday 11 October 1978.
Coaching career
County Cup Final appearances
Billy Benyon was the coach in Warrington's 26–10 victory over Wigan in the 1980 Lancashire Cup Final replay during the 1980–81 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 4 October 1980, in St. Helens' 0–16 defeat by Warrington in the 1982 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1982–83 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 23 October 1982, and in the 26–18 victory over Wigan in the 1984 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1984–85 season at Central Park, Wigan on Sunday 28 October 1984.
Honoured at St Helens R.F.C.
Billy Benyon is a St Helens R.F.C. Hall of Fame inductee.
References
External links
Profile at saints.org.uk
(archived by web.archive.org) Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1945 births
Living people
Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks players
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league coaches
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Leigh Centurions coaches
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
St Helens R.F.C. coaches
St Helens R.F.C. players
Warrington Wolves players
In Greek mythology, Euphorion (Ancient Greek: Εὐφορίων "the abundant") was the son of Achilles and Helen.
Mythology
Euphorion was born when his parents had already been dwelling in the Land of the Blessed, and was named "after the fertility of the land". He is an supernatural being and he had a pair of wings.
Euphorion, a hubristic youth, attempted to fly to heaven but Zeus caught him and with a blow knocked him down. According to another version Zeus fell in love with him but he did not receive his love. Euphorion escaped from Zeus, but the god caught him on the island of Milos and hit him with lightning, killing him. He further prohibited to bury Euphorion; the island nymphs did bury him nevertheless and were changed into frogs for having disobeyed Zeus.
Euphorion also appeared as a character in Goethe's Faust. In this book, he is son of Faust and Helen.
References
Bartelink, Dr. G.J.M. (1988). Prisma van de mythologie. Utrecht: Het Spectrum
Pierre Grimal The Dictionary of Classical Mythology, s.v. "Euphorion"
Grimal, Pierre, The Dictionary of Classical Mythology, Wiley-Blackwell, 1996.
Ptolemy Hephaestion, New History, 4 in Photius, 190
Achilles
Characters in Greek mythology
Deeds of Zeus
LGBT themes in Greek mythology
Mempawah Regency (formerly the Pontianak Regency) is a regency of West Kalimantan Province of Indonesia. Since 2007 it covers 1,276.90 km2, and had a population of 234,021 at the 2010 Census and 301,560 at the 2020 Census. The principal town lies at Mempawah.
History
Based on Government Regulation No. 58 of 2014 (Peraturan Pemerintah Nomor 58 Tahun 2014), Pontianak Regency formally became Mempawah Regency.
Administrative Districts
Since the separation of the southern parts of the former Pontianak Regency in 2007 to form the new Kubu Raya Regency, the residual area - in 2014 renamed as Mempawah Regency - consists of nine districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district, its post code and their administrative centres:
Gallery
References
Regencies of West Kalimantan
Stop Sexual Assault in Schools is a United States non-profit organization that advocates for K–12 students' right to an education free from sexual harassment and sexual assault. Sexual assault and severe or pervasive sexual harassment are types of sex discrimination prohibited under Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, a civil rights law that prohibits sex discrimination in any education program that receives federal funding. SSAIS accomplishes its mission by creating and distributing free education programs, filing pro bono civil rights complaints with the Office for Civil Rights (OCR), collaborating with national gender equity organizations, supporting legislative and legal initiatives, working with communities and families to bring schools into Title IX compliance, and educating the media about how sexual harassment and sexual violence in K–12 schools can violate students' rights.
Founding
SSAIS is the first national nonprofit organization created solely to address sexual harassment and assault in K–12 schools. It was founded in 2015 by two parent educators, Drs. Esther Warkov and Joel Levin, whose daughter was reportedly raped on a Seattle public school fieldtrip in 2012. The parents led a high-profile effort to hold the district accountable for its failure to recognize the victim's federally mandated Title IX rights. Their Title IX complaint, and the media attention it attracted, resulted in community protests that compelled the Seattle school district to commission a community task force, reform its sexual harassment policy, comply with Title IX directives, and improve its safety procedures on school field trips. After learning how pervasive sexual harassment is in K–12 schools nationwide, Warkov and Levin launched the SSAIS.org website in September 2015 as a comprehensive resource for K–12 families. President and CEO of the National Women's Law Center, Fatima Goss Graves, wrote an inaugural blog post for the website launch.
History
Media reports about SSAIS in the Washington Post, Huffington Post, Women's eNews, Slate, Broadly, NEAToday, and NPR affiliates have increased awareness of the pervasiveness of peer and educator sexual harassment and assault in K–12 schools. In 2016, SSAIS joined the National Coalition for Women and Girls in Education and contributed to their comprehensive report Title IX at 45. In March 2016, the Office of the Vice President invited SSAIS to advise on strategies to address K–12 sexual violence. In the same year, SSAIS received an American Association of University Women Community Action Grant to create a free comprehensive video and Action Guide, Sexual Harassment: Not in Our School! The video and companion materials were released in November, 2016.
Initiatives
The SSAIS website maintains comprehensive resources for parents and students about sexual harassment and sexual violence occurring in K–12 schools, with free educational materials informing communities about Title IX and how to hold schools accountable for providing safe learning environments for all students.
SSAIS provides families with pro bono support for filing complaints with the U.S. Department of Education Office for Civil Rights. These efforts have resulted in federal investigations of K–12 schools in Washington, Oregon, Michigan, Georgia, and Texas. SSAIS also offers resources to families whose students have experienced sexual harassment and sexual assault in schools.
SSAIS creates advocacy opportunities for youth, sexual assault survivors, and families. It also unites advocates through its Coalition Against Sexual Harassment K12 (CASHK12).
SSAIS has supported legislative initiatives and amicus briefs that uphold students' civil rights.
In January, 2018, SSAIS launched the MeTooK12 campaign to promote awareness and inspire action to counteract pervasive sexual harassment and sexual violence in K–12 schools.
References
External links
Official Facebook page of SSAIS
Official Twitter page of SSAIS
Official Youtube channel of SSAIS
Sexual harassment in the United States
Organizations established in 2015
Non-profit organizations based in Seattle
Leonard Michael Anthony "Len"/"Lenny The Lion" Killeen (19 November 1938 – 31 October 2011) was a South African basketball player, rugby union and rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s.
Killeen was born in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape, and played rugby union for Uitenhage RFC (in Uitenhage). A goal-kicking , he played rugby league in England for St. Helens, with whom he won the Challenge Cup in 1966. Killeen also played in Australia for the Balmain, winning the NSWRFL premiership with them in 1969 and becoming the club's all-time top point-scorer.
Playing career
Championship Final appearances
Len Killeen played , i.e. number 5, and scored 3-tries and 6-conversions in St. Helens' 35–12 victory over Halifax in the Championship Final during the 1965–66 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 28 May 1966, in front of a crowd of 30,165.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Len Killeen played , i.e. number 5, scored a try and 5-conversions, and was man of the match winning the Lance Todd Trophy in St. Helens' 21–2 victory over Wigan in the 1966 Challenge Cup Final during the 1965–66 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 21 May 1966, in front of a crowd of 98,536.
County Cup Final appearances
Len Killeen played , i.e. number 2, and scored a try in St. Helens' 15–4 victory over Leigh in the 1963 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1963–64 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 26 October 1963, and played , i.e. number 5, and scored 3-conversions in the 12–4 victory over Swinton in the 1964 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1964–65 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 24 October 1964.
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final appearances
Len Killeen played , i.e. number 5, in St. Helens' 0–4 defeat by Castleford in the 1965 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final during the 1965–66 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Tuesday 14 December 1965.
References
External links
Len Killeen bio at Saints Heritage Society
Spiking The Side-kick Issue - Sports Illustrated, 10 April 1967 (archived)
Two legends make Saints debuts
Cup heroes: Alex Murphy BBC SPORT, 27 February 2004
Len Killen at Rugby League Tables (archived)
1938 births
2011 deaths
Balmain Tigers players
Expatriate rugby league players in Australia
Expatriate rugby league players in England
Footballers who switched code
Lance Todd Trophy winners
Penrith Panthers players
Sportspeople from Port Elizabeth
Rugby league players from Eastern Cape
Rugby league wingers
Rugby union players from Port Elizabeth
South African expatriate rugby league players
South African expatriate sportspeople in Australia
South African expatriate sportspeople in England
South African rugby league players
South African rugby union players
St Helens R.F.C. players
Dorcadion ljubetense is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1909. It is known from Macedonia.
Subspecies
Dorcadion ljubetense ljubetense Pic, 1909
Dorcadion ljubetense peristeriense Breuning, 1962
References
ljubetense
Beetles described in 1909
The list of ship launches in 1790 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1790.
References
1790
Ship launches
The British Dance Council was formed in 1929 as the Official Board of Ballroom Dancing (OBBD). The name was changed in 1985 to the British Council of Ballroom Dancing and in 1996, the name was changed to British Dance Council. The BDC is the recognised governing body for Ballroom, Latin American, Sequence & Freestyle Disco dance in the United Kingdom.
The BDC was originally formed to establish uniformity in the teaching of Ballroom Dance nationwide, although its responsibilities are now extensive both in the UK and abroad. The primary function of the BDC is to devise and oversee the rules for competitive dancing. All dance competitions in the UK, both amateur and professional are governed by BDC rules. The BDC is also the national awarding body for championship titles in the UK.
Standardisation is another key function of the BDC. There are a number of leading dance organisations in the UK, and each of these organisations has slight differences in technique and vocabulary. The BDC works to ensure that, where possible, teachers from any organisation will be teaching dance the same way. This is particularly important competitively, to make sure that all dancers can understand and perform their dances within the BDC rules, regardless of which dance organisation they trained with.
Members
Dance Teaching Organisations
Associated Board of Dance (ABD)
Allied Dancing Association (ADA)
British Association of Teachers of Dance (BATD)
International Dance Teachers Association (IDTA)
Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing (ISTD)
National Association of Teachers of Dancing (NATD)
Northern Counties Dance Teachers Association (NCDTA)
Scottish Dance Teachers Alliance (SDTA)
UKA Dance
Welsh Alliance of Professional Teachers' of Dancing (WAPTD) (non-examining body)
Professional Dancers Organisations
Ballroom Dancers Federation (BDF)
British Competitors Dancesport Corporation (BCDC)
Dance Promoters Association (DPA)
Amateur Dancers Organisations
English Amateur Dancesport Association (EADA)
Scottish Dancesport (SD)
Welsh Amateur Dance Sport Association (WADSA)
References
External links
British Dance Council Website
Dance organizations
Dance in the United Kingdom
Ballroom dance
Competitive dance
1929 establishments in the United Kingdom
Karrakatta Valley () is a short valley trending west-northwest from Husvik Harbor, Stromness Bay, South Georgia. It was named after the hulk Karrakatta on a slipway at the abandoned whaling station at the head of Husvik Harbor. Built in Oslo in 1912, she served as a whale catcher off Western Australia, and was last used at the slipway to provide steam to the adjacent engineering shop, probably until 1959. The valley was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1990.
Block Lake within the valley was dammed and served as a reservoir for the old Husvik whaling station. It was named in 1990 by UK-APC after William C. Block, invertebrate zoologist.
References
Valleys of Antarctica
One Health is an approach calling for "the collaborative efforts of multiple disciplines working locally, nationally, and globally, to attain optimal health for people, animals and our environment", as defined by the One Health Initiative Task Force (OHITF). It developed in response to evidence of the spreading of zoonotic diseases between species and increasing awareness of "the interdependence of human and animal health and ecological change". In this viewpoint, public health is no longer seen in purely human terms.
A number of organizations throughout the world support the objectives of "One Health" including the One Health Commission (OHC), One Health Initiative, One Health Platform, The FAO-OIE-WHO collaboration, CDC One Health Office and others.
History
Calvin Schwabe, a veterinarian trained in public health, coined the term "One Medicine" in a veterinary medical textbook in 1964, to reflect the similarities between animal and human medicine and stress the importance of collaboration between veterinarians and physicians to help solve global health problems. He established a department at University of California, Davis to jointly address issues in the animal and human health sciences.
In 2004, The Wildlife Conservation Society held a conference at Rockefeller University in New York called "One World, One Health". Out of that conference the twelve Manhattan Principles were created to describe a unified approach to the prevention of epidemic diseases. These principles emphasized links between humans, animals, and the environment; their importance in understanding disease dynamics; and the need for interdisciplinary approaches to prevention, education, investment, and policy development.
Due to global scares surrounding the H5N1 influenza outbreaks of the early-mid 2000s, the American Veterinary Medical Association established a One Health Initiative Task Force in 2006, the American Medical Association passed a One Health resolution to promote partnering between veterinary and human medical organizations in 2007, and a One Health approach was recommended for responses to global disease outbreaks in 2007. Building on these initiatives, the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), World Organization for Animal Health (OIE), and World Health Organization (WHO) came together with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), United Nations System Influenza Coordination, and the World Bank to develop a framework entitled "Contributing to One World, One Health-A Strategic Framework for Reducing Risks of Infectious Diseases at the Animal-Human-Ecosystems Interface” in 2008, reiterating recommendations for a One Health approach to global health. This framework was expanded and implementable policies developed at Stone Mountain, Georgia in May 2010. International meetings with the topic of One Health were held in 2011 in Africa and Australia.
In 2012, Barbara Natterson-Horowitz, a physician, and Kathryn Bowers, a science journalist, published the book Zoobiquity, coining the term as they drew parallels between animal and human health through vivid case studies. They called for the biomedical scientific and clinical communities to rediscover comparative medicine and reexamine human and animal health in terms of evolution and the environment. A New York Times bestseller the book has been described as "easy to read and entertaining" in its presentation of ideas similar to the "One Health" concept, but also criticized as lacking depth and failing to recognize the extent to which animals and humans have differently evolved as complex systems.
In 2016, The One Health Commission, One Health Platform, and One Health Initiative Team deemed International One Health Day to be November 3.
In 2019, Senator Tina Smith and Representative Kurt Schrader introduced the Advancing Emergency Preparedness Through One Health Act into the United States Senate and House of Representatives, respectively. This bi-partisan piece of legislation would require that the Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Agriculture, and other federal agencies develop a coordinated plan to create a One Health Framework to help prepare responses to zoonotic disease and prevent disease outbreaks.
The bill was re-introduced by Tina Smith and Todd Young as of March 18, 2021.
Leading organizations
One Health Commission (OHC)
In 2007, Roger K. Mahr from the American Veterinary Medical Association, Jay H. Glasser from the American Public Health Association, and Ronald M. Davis from the American Medical Association came together as liaisons with other health science professionals, academics, students, government workers, and industry scientists to create a task force and have teleconferences to discuss One Health. This One Health Initiative Task Force created a report in 2008 which outlined recommendations to create a joint steering committee, implement improved communications efforts, plan national One Health studies, develop a One Health Commission, create advisory teams, establish national meetings, and engage medical, veterinary, and public health students.
The One Health Commission (OHC) was chartered in Washington, D.C. in 2009 as a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. Its mission is to connect individuals and create relationships across human, animal, and environmental health sectors, as well as to educate the public about these issues with the intent to improve global health. Roger Mahr was the founding CEO. A request for proposal for an institutional partner was put forth in 2010, and Iowa State University was selected to be the main site for operations. In 2013, Roger Mahr retired from the commission and the operations site moved to the Research Triangle of North Carolina, where it currently resides. The current executive director is Cheryl Stroud, a veterinarian, who has held the position since 2013.
The One Health Commission began in 2014 compiling a Who's Who in One Health, a Directory of organizations around the world that are actively working to further the One Health paradigm shift. The OHC also oversees a Global One Health Community listserv. In addition the commission has a webpage known as the One Health Library with many types of resources available on the topic of or connected to One Health.
One Health Initiative
The One Health Initiative is an interdisciplinary movement to create collaborations between animal, human, and environmental health organizations including the American Veterinary Medical Association, American Medical Association, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States Department of Agriculture, Vétérinaires sans Frontières/ Tierärzte ohne Grenzen and the United States National Environmental Health Association, among others.
One Health Platform
The One Health Platform is a scientific reference network to unite researchers and experts to better understand and prepare for zoonotic disease outbreaks from animals to humans, and antimicrobial resistance, including a better understanding of environmental factors that impact disease dynamics.
The management board is made up of Ab Osterhaus, John Mackenzie and Chris Vanlangendonck.
The organization has nine objectives, which include disseminating research results at biennial meetings, identifying knowledge gaps in the field, engaging policymakers, establishing a Bio Threats Scanning Group to connect One Health and global health security, share data, serve as a reference network to the government, foster collaborations, and implement policies, and increase awareness during One Health Day.
The One Health Platform was responsible for organizing the World One Health Congress meeting each year 2015 - 2020.
The next World One Health Congress scheduled for 2022 continued in Singapore hosted by SingHealth Duke-NUS Global Health Institute.
The FAO-OIE-WHO Collaboration
The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) works closely with the OIE and WHO, referred to all together as the Tripartite organizations.
The World Health Organization (WHO) was a partner in the 2008 establishment of a strategic One Health framework for approaching global health problems. In September 2017, a feature page for One Health was included on the WHO website, defining One Health and highlighting important topic areas such as food safety, zoonotic disease, and antimicrobial resistance.
The World Organization for Animal Health (OIE) headquartered in Paris, France. was also a partner in establishing a strategic One Health framework in 2008. The OIE works to maintain transparency surrounding global animal disease, collect and distribute veterinary information, publish international trade standards for animals/ animal products, improve veterinary services globally, and to promote animal welfare and food safety.
The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) put forth in 2011 a strategic action plan for One Health, which had the objective to strengthen food security by improving animal production systems and veterinary services and called for action in improving collaborations between animal, human, and environmental health sectors.
The FAO, OIE and WHO published a new guide to approaching zoonotic disease with a One Health framework in 2019.
CDC One Health Office
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), created a One Health Office in 2009, becoming the first United States federal agency to have an office dedicated to this field. This office works alongside other animal, human, and environmental health organizations both within the United States and across the world in order to increase the awareness of One Health and develop tools to help strengthen One Health movements. The CDC One Health Office is involved with multiple initiatives, including working to implement a Zoonotic Disease Prioritization process, creating Global Health Security Agenda Action Packages, overseeing the Zoonoses Education Coalition, developing guidelines with the National Association of State Public Health Veterinarians, and helping educate youth involved with agriculture about influenza. Additionally, the CDC One Health Office hosts webinars to educate audiences about One Health issues such as food safety, antimicrobial resistance, and recent disease outbreaks.
The One Health Zoonotic Disease Prioritization process is led by the CDC, holding workshops internationally to prioritize which zoonotic diseases are of the most concern and helping countries develop action plans to address those diseases. The process involves 3-6 neutral facilitators representing human, animal, and environmental health sectors, up to 12 voting members which represent human health/public health, agriculture/livestock, wildlife/fisheries, the environment and other relevant government sectors, and 10-15 advisors from international organizations such as the CDC, WHO, FAO or OIE, academic partners, NGOs or other government sectors not directly involved in zoonotic diseases. The CDC One Health Office trains facilitators and it takes months to prepare for a workshop to acquire resources, identify participants, review zoonotic diseases and confirm logistics. Completed workshops have been held in a variety of countries including Pakistan, Tanzania, Thailand, Uzbekistan, China, and the United States with more workshops upcoming. Diseases most commonly prioritized worldwide include rabies, brucellosis, influenza, Ebola virus, and Rift Valley fever.
Additional organizations
Additional organizations promoting international One Health efforts include
Global Alliance for Rabies Control,
New Zealand Centre for Conservation Medicine (NZCCM) at the Auckland Zoo
Hubnet in South Asia
the One Health Global Network,
Academic Hospital Utrecht and Utrecht Life Sciences
One Health Sweden,
the Infection Ecology and Epidemiology Network, Uppsala, Sweden. and the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
Effectiveness
It has been argued that One Health is most effective when "targeted goals are set up to reveal infrastructure and regulatory gaps and to create networked system responses." A number of improvements have been called for, including:
surveillance and ecological modeling of zoonotic infection and transmission
food security to limit bush meat consumption, limit environmental encroachment and lessen exposure to zoonotic disease in the wild
systems to survey pathogen transmission between wild and domestic animals and antibiotic resistance in animals
education about ecology and disease
dissemination of information about zoonotic outbreaks in countries, regions, and globally
planning for containment, diagnostics, therapeutics, and vaccination
preparedness support
See also
Conservation medicine
EcoHealth
Environmental health
Planetary health
References
Further reading
Zoonoses
Health policy
Veterinary medicine
Erinaceusyllis kathrynae is a species belonging to the phylum Annelida, a group known as the segmented worms. E. kathrynaen is similar to E. cirripapillata, but lacks characteristic papillae on its cirri. At the same time, Sphaerosyllis perspicax - which according to San Martín (2005) could belong to the genus Erinaceusyllis - is also similar, but its anterior dorsal cirri are inflated at their bases; the eyes and antennae are arranged linearly, and the palps are fused along their length. This species is named in honour of Kathryn Attwood of the Australian Museum.
Description
The species' body is small, with a total length of up to and width of , including about 30-34 chaetigers. It possesses small papillae on its dorsum and palps. Its prostomium is oval, showing 4 large eyes in a trapezoidal arrangement, as well as 2 anterior eyespots. Its antennae are spindle-shaped with bulbous bases and short tips, its median antenna similar to the combined length of its prostomium and palps. The palps are shorter than its prostomium, fused along their basal half, with a terminal notch. Its palps form a trilobed hood, possessing a few papillae.
Its peristomium measures the same as its succeeding segments, and is bilobed, forming two anterior wings that cover the prostomium dorsally. Its tentacular cirri and antennae are alike, but smaller, the dorsal cirri being longer than the tentacular cirri and shorter than the antennae, being absent on chaetiger 2. Its parapodia are conical, with few papillae.
It shows heteromorphic compound chaetae, with smooth blades or provided with straight spines. The blades are unidentate and distally somewhat hooked. Its anterior parapodia count with about 5-7 compound chaetae each, with dorsoventral gradation in length (23 to 13µm long); the posterior parapodia count with 4 compound chaetae. Erinaceusyllis kathrynae shows dorsal simple chaetae from chaetiger 1, provided sometimes with short marginal spines. The ventral simple chaetae are slender and unidentate, arising from the midbody. Its acicula is solitary and acuminate, with a rather long and filiform tip.
The pharynx is slender and spans approximately 3 segments. Its pharyngeal tooth is rhomboidal, small and placed near the opening. Its proventricle is long and wide, barrel-shaped, spanning through 3 segments, with 15-17 muscle cell rows. Its pygidium is small, with long papillae and elongate anal cirri.
Distribution
E. kathrynae is thought to habitat a substantial portion of the Australian continent, however the holotypes were initially found throughout the southern coast of Australia, from South Solitary Island, New South Wales to Cape Range National Park, Western Australia, in coral rubble, sponges and coralline algae, in depths of between .
References
Further reading
External links
WORMS entry
Syllidae
Pothan is a St Thomas Christian name that is the English equivalent to Paul. It may refer to
Pothan Joseph (1892–1972), Indian journalist
Dileesh Pothan, Indian film director and actor
Pratap K. Pothen, Indian actor, director, writer, and producer
Pothan Vava, a 2006 Malayalam film
Colombian Postcards () is a 2011 Colombian comedy film directed by Ricardo Coral.
References
External links
2011 films
2011 comedy films
2010s Spanish-language films
Colombian comedy films
Jon Ewo ( born 29 June 1957) is a Norwegian novelist, short story writer, crime fiction writer and children's writer. He was born in Oslo and educated as librarian. He made his literary debut in 1986 with the short story collection Det sies at oktober er en fin måned. His crime novels include Torpedo (1996), Hevn. Torpedo II (1997) and Gissel. Torpedo III (1998).
He received the Brage Prize in 2007, for the biography Fortellingen om et mulig drap (jointly with illustrator Bjørn Ousland.
References
1957 births
Living people
Writers from Oslo
Norwegian novelists
Norwegian crime fiction writers
Norwegian children's writers
Edward Hogue Funston (September 16, 1836 – September 10, 1911) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Biography
Funston was born near New Carlisle, Ohio on September 16, 1836. He attended the country schools of New Carlisle, Linden Hill Academy in Carlisle, and Marietta College.
He taught school, and during the Civil War entered the Union Army in 1861 as lieutenant in the Sixteenth Ohio Battery. He participated in the principal engagements along the Mississippi River and mustered out in 1865.
He moved to a farm in Carlyle, Kansas in 1867. Funston served as member of the Kansas House of Representatives (1873–1876) and was Speaker in 1875. He served in the Kansas Senate (1880–1884), and was Senate President in 1880.
Funston was elected as a Republican to the Forty-eighth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Dudley C. Haskell. He was reelected to the Forty-ninth and to the three succeeding Congresses and served from March 21, 1884, to March 3, 1893. He served as chairman of the Agriculture Committee (Fifty-first Congress).
He presented credentials as a Member-elect to the Fifty-third Congress and served from March 4, 1893 until August 2, 1894, when he was succeeded by Horace L. Moore, who successfully contested the election. After leaving Congress, Funston returned to his Kansas farm.
He died at his home in Iola, Kansas, on September 10, 1911, and was interred in Iola Cemetery.
Family
In 1861, Funston married 18-year-old Ann Eliza Mitchell of West Charleston, Ohio; she was a cousin of his Civil War battery commander and a great-grandniece of Daniel Boone. Their children included: Frederick; James Burton; Pogue Warwick; Ella (Eckdall); Aldo; and Edward H. Jr. They were also the parents of two other children, a boy and a girl, who died in infancy.
Frederick Funston went on to become a major general in the United States Army and was a recipient of the Medal of Honor.
References
Sources
Books
Newspapers
Internet
External links
Retrieved on 2008-10-10
See also
1836 births
1911 deaths
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Kansas state senators
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
People from New Carlisle, Ohio
People from Iola, Kansas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Marietta College alumni
19th-century American politicians
Ulumescit is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 120 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Rain activated art is a kind of street art, called "rainworks" by the creator, Seattle artist Peregrine Church. It utilizes a superhydrophobic coating on a sidewalk which is invisible when dry, but when it rains, reveal a pattern created by the artist. As of March 2015, there are approximately 25 installations in Seattle, supported by a grant from Awesome Foundation, and several more commissioned pieces at and around the Hands On Children's Museum in Olympia, Washington. Church started creating the works in Seattle in May, 2014.
References
External links
rain.works
Art in Washington (state)
Visual arts media
2014 in art
Public art in Seattle
Elia Legati (born 3 January 1986) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a defender for FeralpiSalò.
Club career
Legati was signed by Milan from Fiorenzuola in 2001. He played in their youth teams for six years, before joining Legnano on a two-season loan in August 2006.
For the 2008–09 season he moved to French side Monaco on another loan spell; however, he was called back in January, due to lack of playing time, and subsequently loaned to Novara for the remainder of the season.
In July 2009, he was transferred to Crotone in a co-ownership deal, for €10,000. He made 40 appearances and scored one goal in his first Serie B season; his good performances prompted Milan to re-acquire him fully, for €350,000. However, for the 2010–11 season, he was signed by Padova in a new co-ownership deal, for €660,000. In June 2011 Padova bought him outright for another €660,000.
On 16 January 2018, he signed a contract with FeralpiSalò until 30 June 2020.
References
External links
Profile at Assocalciatori.it
Profile at EmozioneCalcio.it
International Caps at FIGC.it
1986 births
Living people
People from Fidenza
Footballers from Emilia-Romagna
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
Serie B players
Serie C players
A.C. Milan players
A.C. Legnano players
Novara F.C. players
F.C. Crotone players
Calcio Padova players
A.C. Carpi players
Venezia F.C. players
F.C. Pro Vercelli 1892 players
FeralpiSalò players
AS Monaco FC players
Italian expatriate footballers
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Monaco
Expatriate footballers in Monaco
Italy youth international footballers
Sportspeople from the Province of Parma
Clayton County is located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of 2021, the population was estimated to be 297,100 by the Census Bureau. The county seat is Jonesboro.
Clayton County is included in the Atlanta metropolitan area, and is the sixth most-populous county in the state. It is the home of most of Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport, the busiest airport in the world by total passengers.
History
The county was established in 1858 and named in honor of Augustin Smith Clayton (1783–1839), who served in the United States House of Representatives from 1832 until 1835.
Clayton County was a battle site during the American Civil War, with the Battle of Jonesborough and the Battle of Lovejoy's Station taking place in the area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.9%) is water. It is the third-smallest county by area in Georgia.
The eastern portion of Clayton County, between Forest Park and Lovejoy, is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The western portion of the county is located in the Upper Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin).
Adjacent counties
DeKalb County (northeast)
Henry County (east)
Spalding County (south)
Fayette County (southwest)
Fulton County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 Census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 297,595 people, 97,030 households, and 62,746 families residing in the county.
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 259,424 people, 90,633 households, and 62,389 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 104,705 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 66.1% black or African American, 18.87% white, 5.0% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 7.1% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 13.66% of the population. In terms of ancestry, and 4.9% were "American".
Of the 90,633 households, 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.4% were married couples living together, 25.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.2% were non-families, and 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.37. The median age was 31.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $43,311 and the median income for a family was $48,064. Males had a median income of $36,177 versus $32,460 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,958. About 13.6% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.5% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.
2000 Census
As of the 2000 census, there were 236,517 people, 82,243 households, and 59,214 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 86,461 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 37.94% White, 51.55% Black or African American, 0.32% Native American, 4.49% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 3.55% from other races, and 2.08% from two or more races. 7.50% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Estimated 2006 population is 271,240, with a racial make-up of 20.4% white non-Hispanic, 62.9% African American, 5% Asian, 11.3% Hispanic or Latino, 0.4% American Indian or Alaska Native, and 0.1% Pacific Islander. 1.5% were reported as multi-racial.
There were 82,243 households, out of which 40.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.70% were married couples living together, 20.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.00% were non-families. 21.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.30.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 30.00% under the age of 18, 10.40% from 18 to 24, 35.40% from 25 to 44, 18.40% from 45 to 64, and 5.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,697, and the median income for a family was $46,782. Males had a median income of $32,118 versus $26,926 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,079. About 8.20% of families and 10.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.20% of those under age 18 and 8.90% of those age 65 or over.
The last quarter-century has seen significant change in the racial composition of the county's population. In 1980, Clayton county's population was 150,357 — 91% white and 9% minority, while in 2006 the population was approximately 271,240 — 20% white and 80% minority.
Crime and policing
The Clayton County Police Department has an authorized strength of 525 personnel headed by Chief Kevin Roberts. Other law enforcement services (courts, jail, warrants) are provided by the Clayton County Sheriff's Office.
On April 26, 2021, Sheriff Victor Hill was indicted on charges of federal civil rights violations. On June 2, 2021, he was suspended by Governor Brian Kemp following a review of the indictment.
Economy
The unemployment rate in Clayton County was 3.4% as of November 2019. Future job growth over the next ten years was predicted to be at 29.90%. Clayton County's sales tax rate is 8.00%. The income tax is 6.00%. Clayton County's income and salaries per capita is $18,735, which includes all adults and children. The median household income is $39,699.
ValuJet Airlines was headquartered in northern, unincorporated Clayton County, near Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta International Airport, in the 1990s.
Transportation
Airports
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport
Major highways
Interstate 75
Interstate 85
Interstate 285
Interstate 675
U.S. Route 19
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 29
U.S. Route 41
State Route 3
State Route 3 Connector
State Route 42
State Route 54
State Route 85
State Route 138
State Route 138 Spur
State Route 139
State Route 314
State Route 331
State Route 401 (unsigned designation for I-75)
State Route 403 (unsigned designation for I-85)
State Route 407 (unsigned designation for I-285)
State Route 413 (unsigned designation for I-675)
Mass transit
Bus
MARTA and Xpress GA / RTA commuter buses serve the county.
Rail
Commuter rail service is proposed to serve Clayton County along the Norfolk Southern line, with proposed stations in Forest Park, Morrow, Jonesboro, and initially ending at Lovejoy.
The Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority's Airport station is located in Clayton.
Pedestrians and cycling
Jesters Creek Trail
Morrow Trail
Clayton Connects
Education
Clayton County Public Schools is the fifth largest school system in Georgia. On August 28, 2008, the district lost its accreditation, citing a "dysfunctional" school board. It was re-accredited by SACS on May 1, 2009
The district currently has 53,000 students enrolled in its 63 schools. Under the current Superintendent Dr. Morcease J. Beasley, the district has a strategic plan that includes the vision and mission statements. Clayton County has 22 elementary and five middle schools that have been deemed by the Georgia Department of Education as Distinguished Schools. This is based on the number of consecutive years of making AYP.
Special schools and programs
Lovejoy High School hosts the district International Baccalaureate Program (IB). The IB Diploma Program is designed as an academically challenging and balanced program of education with final exams that prepare students for success at the university level and life beyond.
CCPS has two charter schools. Unidos Dual Language, Georgia's first public dual language school is a model of excellence in language education. Unidos serves students in pre-kindergarten through sixth grades. The second charter school is the Elite Scholars Academy; the school serves grades 6-10 and planned to expand to the twelfth grade by 2014. The school operates on a year-round calendar. Any student in the district may apply to enroll. Selection is based on a random lottery.
Clayton County also has a Math and Science Magnet and three fine arts magnet programs at Jackson Elementary, MD Robert's Middle, and Martha Ellen Stilwell. Enrollment is based on application and/or audition.
2008 de-accreditation
The 50,000-student school system was the first in the nation to lose accreditation since 1969. The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) revoked the school district's accreditation on August 28, 2008. It was only the second system in the nation to do so since 1960. A grand jury investigated and considered possible criminal indictments against the Clayton County School Board. At issue was whether the school board committed malfeasance in ignoring the shortcomings of the school system and violating its own rules concerning the awarding of bids of contracts.
School Board Chairwoman Ericka Davis announced her resignation on April 2, 2008, amidst the allegations. Clayton County Commission Chairman Eldrin Bell called for the resignations of all Clayton County School Board members. Amid controversy and orders for the police to quiet citizens, the Clayton County School Board hired a new temporary superintendent on April 26, 2008. This was despite the fact that the new superintendent did not meet the qualifications set forth by SACS.
The Clayton County Public School System was re-accredited by SACS on May 1, 2009.
Higher education
Clayton State University is located in Morrow.
Media
Clayton Crescent: news about Clayton County and adjoining areas, part of the Institute for Nonprofit News
Clayton News (formerly Clayton News-Daily): county legal organ, part of the Southern Community Newspapers, Inc. chain
South Atlanta Magazine: lifestyle and profiles magazine focusing on Clayton County
CCTV23: Clayton County government access television (Ch. 23 on Xfinity, Ch. 99 on AT&T UVerse)
Communities
Cities
College Park (part)
Forest Park
Jonesboro
Lake City
Lovejoy
Morrow
Riverdale
Census-designated places
Bonanza
Conley
Irondale
Unincorporated communities
Ellenwood
Mountain View
Rex
Politics
For most of the 1960s to the 1980s, Clayton County was a swing county. It voted for Governor Jimmy Carter in 1976 with around 65 percent of the vote, but then voting for Ronald Reagan with over seventy percent of the vote in 1984. However, due to extensive black in-migration, starting in 1992 Clayton County has swung heavily Democratic and is now one of the most Democratic counties in the country. It has given the Democratic presidential candidate over eighty percent of the vote in every election since 2008. In 2020, for instance, it gave Joe Biden 85 percent of the vote, his strongest showing in the state.
In popular culture
Parts of Margaret Mitchell's epic 1936 novel Gone with the Wind and the famous 1939 motion picture Gone with the Wind were set in Clayton County, including the location of the fictional plantation, Tara. Tara Boulevard was named for the plantation, and is the main north–south road through the county, carrying U.S. 41 and lesser-known State Route 3. Parts of the novels Rhett Butler's People and Scarlett and the Scarlett television miniseries also took place in Clayton County. Rhett Butler's People is a prequel, sequel, and companion to Gone with the Wind. Scarlett is a sequel to Gone with the Wind, and also takes place briefly in Clayton County. The fictional Twelve Oaks Plantation and others mentioned in these novels are located in and around Clayton County. Mitchell's family's plantation, Rural Home, was located in Clayton County.
The 2012 film Flight features Clayton County throughout the film, with Hall's Flying Ranch in Hampton, Georgia, doubling as Denzel Washington's character's childhood home.
Parts of the film Smokey and the Bandit were shot in and around Clayton County, namely in Jonesboro, as evidenced by a sign in the background of one of the scenes. Even though this particular scene was supposed to be set in Arkansas, a "Willow Bend" sign advertising brick homes in Clayton County can be spotted behind Sheriff George Branford. Many back roads and the movie town of Texarkana are actually the roads and the town of Jonesboro.
Trinidad James filmed his music video for the song "All Gold Everything" in Clayton County.
Rap artist Waka Flocka Flame is from Clayton County; he resides in Riverdale.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clayton County, Georgia
Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia
References
External links
Clayton County Government
Clayton County Visitors Bureau – For information on history, attractions, and events
Clayton County historical marker
1858 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Clayton
Populated places established in 1858
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
The Schøyen Collection is one of the largest private manuscript collections in the world, mostly located in Oslo and London. Formed in the 20th century by Martin Schøyen, it comprises manuscripts of global provenance, spanning 5,000 years of history. It contains more than 13,000 manuscript items; the oldest is about 5,300 years old. There are manuscripts from 134 different countries and territories, representing 120 languages and 185 scripts.
The Collection procures and preserves diverse manuscripts, from all over the world, irrespective of the geography, culture, linguistic, race and religious background. It declares that its interest is in "advancing the study of human culture and civilization" over many millennia. Some of its recent acquisitions have been obtained from the civil war-affected regions of the Middle East and Afghanistan, where warlords and smugglers have destroyed ancient sites to find a buyer for ancient manuscript fragments and artifacts.
Controversies
One of the controversies with Schøyen Collection has been whether its acquisitions through the black market transactions encourage further reckless destruction of ancient sites, illegal abuse of heritage sites, and the financing of terrorists or Civil War chieftains. Iraq and Afghanistan, for example, have sought a return of certain recently acquired items in the Schøyen Collection. The Collection states that it "strongly supports a tough regime for cultural protection", makes active effort towards pro-active compliance with the law and is an "ethical private collector in preserving the heritage of all mankind".
The provenance of the various cuneiform materials held by the Schøyen Collection has been subject to controversy.
The Schøyen Collection has been a party to the controversy surrounding 654 Aramaic incantation bowls. They were alleged to belong to Iraq, alleged to have been stolen after August 1990, brought to Jordan, resold by a local art dealer named Ghassan Rihani, and through intermediaries purchased by the Collection. The Schøyen Collection then provided University College London the bowls for an academic study. Activists alleged in 2003 that the items were stolen from Iraq and illegally traded, and it must be returned to Iraq. The University set up a panel to investigate the claims in 2004, and the Schøyen Collection sued the University for the bowls. The Schøyen Collection denied that these bowls were stolen or smuggled, providing official documents issued by the government of Jordan as evidence that the Jordanian source owned it prior to 1965. University College London settled, paid an undisclosed amount in compensation, suppressed its own report on the provenance of the bowls, and returned the items back to the Schøyen Collection.
Notable manuscripts
The Schøyen Collection preserves some of the oldest known archaeological discoveries and manuscripts.
Ancient world
MS 1717 (31st century BC), The Kushim Tablet, a Sumerian cuneiform record of beer production, signed by possibly the first example of a person named in writing
MS 2064 (21st century BC), Ur-Nammu's law-code, a Sumerian text.
MS 2781 (2000–1600 BC), a Babylonian calendar.
Tutankhamun's signet ring
MS 108 "The earliest Greek Alphabet” copper,, Cyprus, ca. 800 BC, 2 tablets, 21x13 cm, single column, (19x10 cm), 20-23 lines in archaic Greek capitals with some North Semitic (Phoenician) letter forms by 2 or more scribes.
MS 5236, an ancient Greek block print from the 6th century BC
Ancient Buddhist and Hindu manuscripts likely recovered from recently destroyed Buddhist sites such as Bamiyan in Afghanistan and other Buddhist monastery ruins in northwest Pakistan since the 1990s.
MS 193 (3rd century AD), The Crosby-Schøyen Codex, biblical manuscript in the Coptic language; it contains: Jonah, 2 Maccabees, 1 Peter, "Peri Pascha" of Melito, and an unidentified Homily
MS 2650 (4th century AD), Codex Schøyen, the oldest Gospel of Matthew in Coptic dialect
Since 1994, the Schøyen Collection has acquired 115 Dead Sea Scrolls fragments from 15 different scrolls.
MS 035, Codex Sinaiticus Zosimi Rescriptus, a palimpsest on vellum from Mount Sinai
Medieval and modern era
MS 1 (c. 1300), a fragment from a codex of French sermons, in a binding produced by Manuale del Navarro, acquired in 1955
MS 4457 (1865-1879 AD), Cheyenne Chief Little Shield's Ledger Book recording the Indian War of the Platte River in 1865.
Manuscripts related to Buddhism, Hinduism, Jainism and Sikhism
References
External links
The Schøyen Collection
Manuscripts
Papyrology
Private collections in Norway
Private collections in the United Kingdom
World history
The Kansas City Explorers were a World TeamTennis team that played at the Barney Allis Plaza in downtown Kansas City, Missouri, USA. The team also played in Kemper Arena from 1993 until 2001. Following the 2012 season, it was announced that the Explorers would be moving to Irving, Texas and renamed the Texas Wild). The move followed the team's twentieth season in Kansas City.
In 2015, the Wild moved to Citrus Heights, California and was renamed the California Dream.
Championships
In 2010, World TeamTennis awarded the Championship Game to Kansas City. The Kansas City Explorers & New York Sportimes were the two finalists, with the Explorers taking the victory on their home court by a score of 21–18. It was the first time the Championship Game had been played in Kansas City.
References
External links
Official Team Website
Defunct World TeamTennis teams
Sport clubs established in 1993
Sport clubs disestablished in 2012
1993 establishments in Missouri
2012 disestablishments in Missouri
Sports in the Kansas City metropolitan area
Tennis teams in Missouri
The 2006 DFL-Ligapokal Final decided the winner of the 2006 DFL-Ligapokal, the 10th edition of the reiterated DFL-Ligapokal, a knockout football cup competition.
The match was played on 5 August 2006 at the Zentralstadion in Leipzig. Werder Bremen won the match 2–0 against Bayern Munich for their 1st title.
Teams
In the following table, finals until 2004 were in the DFB-Ligapokal era, since 2005 were in the DFL-Ligapokal era.
Route to the final
The DFL-Ligapokal is a six team single-elimination knockout cup competition. There are a total of two rounds leading up to the final. Four teams enter the preliminary round, with the two winners advancing to the semi-finals, where they will be joined by two additional clubs who were given a bye. For all matches, the winner after 90 minutes advances. If still tied, extra time, and if necessary penalties are used to determine the winner.
Match
Details
References
2006
SV Werder Bremen matches
FC Bayern Munich matches
2006–07 in German football cups
Rabben Ridge () is a small, isolated ridge about 5 nautical miles (9 km) north of Stabben Mountain in the north part of the Gjelsvik Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Rabben (the small elongated elevation).
References
External links
Ridges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Ringlikon is a railway station situated near the village of Ringlikon in the municipality of Uitikon in Switzerland. The station is on the Uetliberg line, which is operated by the Sihltal Zürich Uetliberg Bahn (SZU).
The station is served by the following passenger trains:
The station has a passing loop and two side platforms, and has no station buildings. Ringlikon village, which is some distant and lower, is linked to the station by a footpath.
Gallery
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Zürich
Rita Reys (born Maria Everdina Reijs; 21 December 1924 – 28 July 2013) was a jazz singer from the Netherlands. She was promoted as "Europe's First Lady of Jazz".
In the 1980s, Rita returned to the American Songbook, recording albums such as Memories of You with the Lex Jasper orchestra. She died in Breukelen, the Netherlands, on 28 July 2013.
Discography
The Cool Voice of Rita Reys (Columbia, 1956)
The Cool Voice of Rita Reys No. 2 (Philips, 1957)
New Voices (Dawn, 1957)
Two Jazzy People with Bengt Hallberg (Philips, 1959)
Marriage in Modern Jazz with Pim Jacobs (Philips, 1960)
Jazz Pictures at an Exhibition with Pim Jacobs (Philips, 1961)
Jazz Sir, That's Our Baby (Philips, 1963)
Rita Reys at the Golden Circle Club Stockholm with Pim Jacobs (Philips, 1963)
Rita Reys Meets Oliver Nelson (Philips, 1965)
Congratulations in Jazz (Philips, 1965)
Rita a Go-Go with Pim Jacobs (Philips, 1967)
Today: Recorded in London (Philips, 1969)
Sings Burt Bacharach (CBS, 1971)
Rita Reys Sings Michel Legrand (CBS, 1972)
Our Favorite Songs with Pim Jacobs (CBS, 1973)
Rita Reys Sings the George Gershwin Songbook (CBS, 1975)
That Old Feeling with Pim Jacobs (CBS, 1979)
Collage (CBS, 1980)
Sings Antonio Carlos Jobim (Philips, 1981)
Collage with Pim Jacobs (CBS, 1981)
Rita Reys (Philips, 1982)
Memories of You with Pim Jacobs (Utopia Music, 1983)
Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas with Pim Jacobs (Polydor, 1986)
Live at the Concertgebouw with Pim Jacobs (RCA, 1986)
Two for Tea with Louis Van Dijk (Polydor, 1987)
Relax with Rita & Pim (Philips, 1989)
Swing & Sweet (Blue Note, 1990)
The American Songbook Volume 1 (Music-All-In, 1992)
The American Songbook Volume 2 (Music-All-In, 1992)
Loss of Love: Rita Reys Sings Henry Mancini (Quintessence, 1998)
The Lady Strikes Again (Quintessence, 1999)
Once Upon a Summertime (Koch, 1999)
Young at Heart (Wedgeview Music, 2010)
References
External links
1924 births
2013 deaths
Dutch women singers
Dutch jazz singers
Musicians from Rotterdam
Tihomir Orešković is a Croatian officer who was convicted of war crimes committed during the Croatian War of Independence in the 1990s. He served prison time between 2003 and 2012 for crimes against humanity, war crimes against the civilian population, and violations of international law in the Gospić massacre.
Described as "right hand man" to Croatian General Mirko Norac, he was charged along with Norac and three others. Orešković, Norac, and Stjepan Grandić were convicted on 24 September 2003 in Rijeka County Court while Ivica Rožić and Milan Canić were acquitted of all charges due to lack of evidence. The judges concluded that Orešković and Norac had ordered the abduction of civilians from their homes and cellars as well as their imprisonment and execution in and around Gospić, specifically "ordering and taking part in the killings of at least 24 Serbs ... in October 1991".
The case was appealed to the Supreme Court of Croatia which rendered a verdict in 2004 which established how Orešković, while formally a secretary to the government commissioner for the coordination of crisis headquarters within the jurisdiction of the Gospić Police Directorate, assumed the role of the head of the military police as well as civilian police units, and together with Norac directed them to commit numerous crimes.
In late 2012 Orešković was released from prison on parole, having served two thirds of his 15-year sentence.
References
External links
Profile, bbc.co.uk; accessed 23 December 2015.
Living people
Croatian people convicted of war crimes
Croatian people convicted of crimes against humanity
Military personnel of the Croatian War of Independence
People indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia
Prisoners and detainees of Croatia
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Abated Mass of Flesh is an American brutal death metal band formed in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, in 2011. The band consists of vocalist Matthew Plunkett, lead guitarist Zack Plunkett, rhythm guitarist Thomas and drummer Riley Wingate. They have been compared to Devourment, Dying Fetus, Impending Doom and Crimson Thorn.
History
Abated Mass of Flesh is project that was started in 2011 by Zack Plunkett. For the first year, he performed all the instruments and vocals and released an EP titled, Moth and Rust in the Temple of Putridity on July 6, 2011. The EP was also released by Sevared Records.
In 2012, Zack added his brother Matthew to take over on vocals and they began working on the next EP. They then added their friend Logan Hayworth to play bass after signing with Rottweiler Records.
In January 2013, Zack worked at a retail store and found drummer Kade Dodson, who came into the store and commented on Zack's shirt, a t-shirt of the brutal death metal band Dying Fetus. Dodson expressed interest in playing in a brutal death metal band, so Zack invited him to play for the band. The project became a full-fledged band by that point. Soon after, the band released their second EP titled Brutal Death and their third EP The Anatomy of Impurity the same year, both through Rottweiler Records. Brutal Death was recorded and mixed by Zack and mastered by Rocky Gray of Living Sacrifice, Soul Embraced and Evanescence fame. "The Anatomy Of Impurity" was recorded and mixed by Zack with vocal tracking and mastering handled by friend Jordan Casey. The band embarked on a mini tour that year, as well as their first, with Broken Flesh, performing on two dates in Arkansas and Texas. During this time, the band used Casey to record their debut studio album, titled The Omen King and released an EP called Deathcrusher in February the following year. "Deathcrusher" was once again recorded and mixed by Zack with Casey handling vocals and mastering duties. After the recording process of "The Omen King," Hayworth left the band, so they added their friend Max Tubville to take over the bass position.
In 2014, the band's debut album, The Omen King was released by Rottweiler Records. This was the last release through Rottweiler Records. Soon after the release, the band parted ways with Dodson. The band then found drummer Riley Wingate and his brother Thomas Wingate to take over rhythm guitars. With the new lineup, they recorded their first single "Violence" and released it on August 26, 2014. The band toured with Arkansas metalcore band Every Knee Shall Bow later that year.
In April 2015, the band traveled to Mexico City to perform at a festival called Exodo Fest with Broken Flesh. Later that year, in September, the band released their fifth EP, titled Abhorrent Postmortal Vicissity through Sevared Records and toured with the Georgia-based brutal death metal band Aborning right after.
On June 8, 2016, the band released a live album titled Descended Upon the Deceased. This release was recorded and engineered by Chris Knagge in Woodbury, Tennessee. It featured some older tracks with a few newer songs from their upcoming studio album Eternal Harvest.
On April 12, 2017, the band released their sixth EP titled Lacerated. The EP was recorded and mixed by Zack and was once again released through Sevared Records. Right after the release, the band returned to Mexico to play Exodo Fest once again. A few months later on August 25, 2017, the band released their second album, Eternal Harvest. The album was engineered by Sam Schneider in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Within the same year, the band added Amber Mackenzie (half-sister of Thomas and Riley Wingate) to the lineup as a live member to perform bass.
In 2018, the band released a re-recording of the first EP Moth and Rust in the Temple of Putridity. This was also the first year the band would perform at AudioFeed music festival in Champaign, Illinois. On October 18, 2018, it was announced that Kade Dodson, the band's former drummer, died from undisclosed circumstances at the age of 33 on October 12.
In the winter of 2019, the band traveled out for the "The Hasten Revelation Tour" with A Hill To Die Upon, Taking the Head of Goliath and Death Requisite.
On February 14, 2020, the band released their eighth EP, Not Burned, which was recorded and mixed by Zack. Soon after, the band would tour again in March 2020 for the 2nd "Hasten Revelation Tour" alongside Taking the Head of Goliath, My Place Was Taken, Cardiac Rupture and a reunited Crimson Thorn. On September 4, 2020 the band released their ninth EP titled The Dead Will Never Forgive Us. This EP was once again recorded and mixed by Zack and mastered by Mychal Soto.
On August 26, 2021 the band self-released a single called "Enfleshed" and began working on their next studio album.
On April 15, 2022 the band released their third studio album The Existence Of Human Suffering. The album was recorded and mixed by Jordan Casey. The band hired drummer Joe Pelleter from PeelingFlesh, Vile Impregnation and ex-Strangled to play drums on the album, which were recorded by Mychal Soto. A few years prior, the band released a statement on social media requesting stories from their fanbase. The stories were to include life situations or events that shaped them into who they are. The band took those submitted stories and used them to write the lyrics for the album.
Name
The band's name was created by Zack, with the idea of "Abated" meaning to "reduce or take away" and "Mass of Flesh" signifying humanity as a whole. With that definition, the name is about diminishing the immoral acts of humanity.
Members
Current
Former
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
The Omen King (2014)
Eternal Harvest (2017)
The Existence of Human Suffering (2022)
EPs
Moth and Rust in the Temple of Putridity (2011)
Brutal Death (2013)
The Anatomy of Impurity (2013)
Deathcrusher (2014)
Abhorrent Postmortal Vicissity (2015)
Lacerated (2017)
Moth and Rust in the Temple of Putridity (2018)
Not Burned (2020)
The Dead Will Never Forgive Us (2020)
Live
Descended upon the Deceased (2016)
Live and Completely Raw (2020)
Singles
"Skin Stripped Away" (2011)
"The Killer in Me" (2012)
"Violence" (2014)
"Gravecharmer" (2015)
"Infectious Womb" (2017)
"Shadowed By Light" (2017)
"Drowning Beneath" (2017)
"Undeserved" (2018)
"Escape Route" (2020)
"Torment Defined" (2020)
Other songs
"Peace in the Galaxy" - Mortification (2011)
Compilation albums
Sands of Time (2017)
Compilation appearances
"The Killer in Me" - Christian Deathcore Vol. 2 (2013; Christian deathcore)
"Violence" - Christian Deathcore Vol. 3 (2014; Christian deathcore)
"Posthumous Transfiguration" - God's Metal Militia Volume 1 (2014; God's Metal Militia)
"Reflections of Suffering" - Christian Brutal Death Metal Volume 1 (2015; Christian brutal death metal)
"Violence" - United We Skate Benefit Comp - Vol. 5 Metal (2015; SkyBurnsBlack/Thumper Punk Records)
"Gravecharmer" and "Interminable Enslavement" - Christian Deathcore Vol. 4 (2015; Christian deathcore)
"Violence" - The Bearded Dragon's Sampler (2.0) (2016; The Bearded Dragon Productions)
"Shadowed by Light" - Metal From The Dragon (Vol. 1) (2017; The Bearded Dragon Productions)
"The Longest Thorn" - Christian Deathcore Vol. 5 (2017; Christian deathcore)
References
Musical groups established in 2011
American Christian metal musical groups
American deathcore musical groups
American death metal musical groups
Musical groups from Tennessee
Sevared Records artists
2011 establishments in Tennessee
Lecsinel Jean-François (born 2 October 1986) is a Haitian former footballer who played as a defender. He last played for Sheffield United in 2013. Born in Cayenne, French Guiana, Jean-François began his career in France with Paris Saint-Germain and Sedan, before a spell in Scotland with Falkirk. He returned to France briefly, where he played for Guingamp, before settling in England, with spells at Swindon Town and Sheffield United. Qualifying to represent Haiti through his parents, Jean-François made four appearances for the national side.
Club career
Early career
Jean-François began his career in France, coming through the youth ranks of Paris Saint-Germain before joining CS Sedan Ardennes. In January 2006, he signed for Scottish Premier League side Falkirk, where he made a handful of appearances before departing the club at the end of the season to join French Ligue 2 side En Avant de Guingamp.
In July 2008, he was named as a trialist for Aberdeen in their pre-season friendly match against Brechin City, but he failed to win a contract.
Swindon Town
In late January 2009 he arrived at Swindon Town and appeared in a reserve match against Swansea City, and impressed manager Danny Wilson sufficiently for him to offer him a contract until the end of the 2008–09 season.
Jean-François eventually made his début for Swindon in February 2009, making a total of five appearances by the end of the season. As a result of these performances he was one of four out of contract players offered new contracts in May 2009. and signed a one-year extension the following month.
Sheffield United
After being released by Swindon, Jean-François joined up with former boss Danny Wilson once more, signing for Sheffield United in June 2011. After making his début for his new club on the opening day of the season, away at Oldham Athletic he appeared regularly at left back until he sustained a cruciate ligament injury the following March which ruled him out for the remainder of the season. In October 2012 he returned from injury and played the last 15 minutes in a 4–1 victory over Notts County at Meadow Lane in the Football League Trophy, however he injured his other knee and was ruled out for a further 2 months. Having failed to regain his fitness for the remainder of the season, Jean-François was released by United in June 2013. In December 2013 Jean-François returned to former club Sheffield United to continue his rehabilitation process. This was agreed following his release in the summer, but new United manager Nigel Clough stated "there is no deal on the table."
International career
Despite being born in French Guiana, Jean-François qualifies to play for Haiti as it is the birthplace of his parents. Following his move to Sheffield United his form prompted a recall to the Haiti national team in 2011 to face Antigua and Barbuda for World Cup qualifiers.
After the earthquake in Haiti, Jean-François's home nation, money from the match between Swindon Town, his team at the time, and Leeds United was donated to help the disaster in Haiti.
References
External links
(under incorrect name)
1986 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Haitian footballers
Haiti international footballers
Scottish Premier League players
Falkirk F.C. players
English Football League players
Swindon Town F.C. players
Sheffield United F.C. players
Haitian expatriate footballers
Haitian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Haitian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
French footballers
French Guianan footballers
Sportspeople from Cayenne
French Guianan people of Haitian descent
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
CS Sedan Ardennes players
Ligue 2 players
En Avant Guingamp players
French expatriate footballers
French Guianan expatriate footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
French expatriate sportspeople in England
Richard Gerstl (14 September 1883 – 4 November 1908) was an Austrian painter and draughtsman known for his expressive psychologically insightful portraits, his lack of critical acclaim during his lifetime, and his affair with the wife of Arnold Schoenberg which led to his suicide.
Richard Gerstl was born in a prosperous civil family to Emil Gerstl, a Jewish merchant, and Maria Pfeiffer, a non-Jewish woman.
Early in his life, Gerstl decided to become an artist, much to the dismay of his father. After performing poorly in school and being forced to leave the famed Piaristengymnasium in Vienna as a result of "disciplinary difficulties," his financially stable parents provided him with private tutors. In 1898, at the age of fifteen, Gerstl was accepted into the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna, where he studied under the notoriously opinionated and difficult Christian Griepenkerl. Gerstl began to reject the style of the Vienna Secession and what he felt was pretentious art. This eventually prompted his vocal professor to proclaim, "The way you paint, I piss in the snow!"
Frustrated with the lack of acceptance of his non-secessionist painting style, Gerstl continued to paint without any formal guidance for two years. For the summers of 1900 and 1901, Gerstl studied under the guidance of Simon Hollósy in Nagybánya. Inspired by the more liberal leanings of Heinrich Lefler, Gerstl once again attempted formal education. Unfortunately, his refusal to participate in a procession in honor of Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria further ostracized him and led to his departure. Gerstl felt that taking part in such an event was "unworthy of an artist." His final exit from Lefler's studio took place in 1908.
In 1904 and 1905, Gerstl shared a studio with his former academy classmate and friend, Viktor Hammer. Although Hammer had assisted in Gerstl's admittance to Lefler's tutelage and their relationship was friendly, it is difficult to determine how close the two men were as Gerstl did not associate with other artists. Regardless of their personal feelings, by 1906, Gerstl had acquired his own studio.
Art
Gerstl was a pioneer of Austrian Expressionism. An exhibition from 7 through 14 July 1907 at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna is the only known exhibition of his work that occurred during his lifetime. He was radically opposed to and rejected contemporary art practice, namely that of the Jugendstil and Gustav Klimt. He belonged for many years, as a young artist, to the so-called Schoenberg Circle. His proximity to the Viennese avant-garde was appreciable.
His works were rediscovered in the early 1930s, and their significance was recognized after 1945. Nevertheless, to this day little is known of this representative of the Austrian Expressionists. Sixty of his paintings and 8 drawings, most of which are in the Leopold Museum and the Österreichische Galerie Belvedere, are known to be extant.
Alois Gerstl, brother of Richard, found canvases and sketches in the artist's atelier, which he left for many years with a forwarding agent. Ultimately, thirty-four paintings were saved from destruction by Otto Kallir, a gallery owner. Kallir bought and restored the paintings, and his 1931 exhibition Richard Gerstl -- A Painter's Destiny caused quite a stir. The exhibition would later appear in Munich, Berlin, and Aachen. He became a key figure for the Austrian art scene, inspiring artists of the post-war era, even still in the time of Viennese Actionism. Since the 1980s, with the inclusion of his work in exhibitions of art from turn-of-the-century Vienna, Gerstl has been recognized in the canon of art history.
The Kamm Collection (Stiftung Sammlung Kamm) of the art gallery Kunsthaus Zug in Zug, Switzerland possesses ten of Gerstl's paintings on eight canvases. They include landscapes and a variety of portraits.
Arnold Schoenberg
Although Gerstl did not associate with other artists, he did feel drawn to the musically inclined; he himself frequented concerts in Vienna. Around 1907, he began to associate with composers Arnold Schoenberg and Alexander von Zemlinsky, who lived in the same building at the time. Gerstl and Schoenberg developed a mutual admiration based upon their individual talents. Gerstl apparently instructed Schoenberg in art.
During this time, Gerstl moved into a flat in the same house and painted several portraits of Schoenberg, his family, and his friends. These portraits also included paintings of Schoenberg's wife Mathilde, Alban Berg and Zemlinsky. His highly stylized heads anticipated German expressionism and used pastels as in the works by Oskar Kokoschka. Gerstl and Mathilde ( who was six years his senior) became extremely close and, in the summer of 1908, she left her husband and children to travel to Vienna with Gerstl. Schoenberg was in the midst of composing his Second String Quartet, which he dedicated to her. Mathilde rejoined her husband in October.
Distraught by the loss of Mathilde, his isolation from his associates, and his lack of artistic acceptance, Gerstl entered his studio during the night of 4 November 1908 and apparently burned every letter and piece of paper he could find. Although many paintings survived the fire, it is believed that a great deal of his artwork as well as personal papers and letters were destroyed. Other than his paintings, only eight drawings are known to have survived unscathed. Following the burning of his papers, Gerstl hanged himself in front of the studio mirror and somehow managed to stab himself as well.
The incident had a significant impact on Arnold Schoenberg and his "drama with music" (i.e., opera) Die glückliche Hand is based on these events.
After his suicide at the age of twenty-five, his family took the surviving paintings out of Gerstl's studio and stored them in a warehouse until his brother Alois showed them to the art dealer Otto Kallir in 1930 or 1931. Although Gerstl had never managed to exhibit a show during his lifetime, Kallir organized an exhibition at his Neue Galerie. Shortly afterward, the Nazi presence in Austria hindered the further acclaim of the artist and it was not until after the war that Gerstl was known in the United States. Sixty-six paintings and eight drawings attributed to Gerstl are known, although it is possible he destroyed many more or that others could have been lost over the years.
Selected works
Bibliography
Stefan Üner: "Richard Gerstl. Früh vollendet, spät entdeckt", in: Parnass, 3/2019, p. 118–124.
References
External links
Biography, Literature and Works by Richard Gerstl
1883 births
1908 deaths
1908 suicides
19th-century Austrian painters
19th-century Austrian male artists
20th-century Austrian painters
Austrian male painters
Austrian people of Jewish descent
Jewish painters
People from Josefstadt
Painters who committed suicide
Suicides by hanging in Austria
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alumni
Austrian Expressionist painters
20th-century Austrian male artists
Rocksteady Studios Limited is a British video game developer based in London, England. The company is a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and the studio is best known for its work in the Batman: Arkham series.
History
2004: Founding
Rocksteady Studios was founded on 13 December 2004, by Sefton Hill and Jamie Walker, formerly employed by the previously closed Argonaut Games as creative director and head of production, respectively. Several other Argonaut employees were also hired. SCi Entertainment (later renamed Eidos) was a founding investor in the studio.
2005-2006: Urban Chaos: Riot Response
Rocksteady's first release was the 2006 first-person shooter Urban Chaos: Riot Response, developed using the Havok engine and published by Eidos Interactive for PlayStation 2 and Xbox. The player controls Nick Mason, a member of the newly formed "T-Zero" riot control squad, in an unnamed, modern city that has been overtaken by the brutal Burners gang. The game received "average" reviews on both platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
2007-2009: Batman: Arkham Asylum
After Eidos obtained the rights to make a Batman game in spring 2007, they approached Rocksteady who presented their take on the Batman license. By May 2007, Rocksteady had started developing the concept of Batman: Arkham Asylum, with full production beginning in September 2007.
Batman: Arkham Asylum was released worldwide for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 video game consoles in August 2009, followed by a Windows PC version a month later. The game received critical acclaim, particularly for its narrative and combat. Reviewers called it the "greatest comic book game of all time," and the "best superhero game of modern times." It won several awards, including Best Action Adventure game, Best Game, and Game of the Year from various media outlets.
2009-2011: Batman: Arkham City
Batman: Arkham City, an action-adventure game and direct sequel to Batman: Arkham Asylum, was released for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 on October 18, 2011 and for PC on November 22, 2011. The game was later released on the Wii U on November 18, 2012. The game also received a mobile game spin-off, Batman: Arkham City Lockdown, developed by NetherRealm Studios and released in December 2011 on iOS and June 2013 on Android.
Rocksteady developed ideas for the sequel's story and setting so that the games' narratives could be effectively connected. A secret room containing hints, blueprints, and concept art for the next game was hidden in the asylum warden's office in Arkham Asylum. The room remained hidden for six months following the game's release until Rocksteady revealed its presence.
2011-2015: Batman: Arkham Knight
Batman: Arkham Knight was released for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Windows on June 23, 2015. The game was the third of Rocksteady's Arkham series and introduced new gameplay elements to the series including a drivable version of the Batmobile. The game received “generally favorable” reviews from critics for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions and “mixed or average” reviews from critics for the PC version.
2016: Batman: Arkham VR
Batman: Arkham VR is a virtual reality adventure video game and the first instalment in the series to use virtual reality headsets. Batman: Arkham VR was released worldwide on October 11, 2016, for PlayStation VR and on April 25, 2017 for PC VR headsets HTC Vive and Oculus Rift. The game's storyline takes place between 2011's Batman: Arkham City and 2015's Batman: Arkham Knight.
In contrast with previous games in the Arkham series, Batman: Arkham VR is presented from a first-person perspective, with a primary focus on using Batman's skills and gadgets to explore the environment and solve puzzles.
2016-Present: Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League
Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League is the fifth installment in the Arkham series and is set to release in early 2023 for Windows, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series X/S. Rocksteady first confirmed the game was in development on August 7, 2020 with the reveal of official artwork for the game. The game is the first in the series to not feature Batman as the main protagonist and will feature four playable characters: Harley Quinn, Deadshot, Captain Boomerang, and King Shark.
Allegations of misconduct
The Guardian reported in August 2020 that the studio had failed to address issues related to sexual harassment and inappropriate behaviour that more than half of the female employees had written to the studios executives about in a November 2018 letter. Such actions had included "slurs regarding the transgendered community", "discussing a woman in a derogatory or sexual manner with other colleagues", and sexual harassment "in the form of unwanted advances, leering at parts of a woman's body, and inappropriate comments in the office". Rocksteady said to The Guardian, "In 2018 we received a letter from some of our female employees expressing concerns they had at that time, and we immediately took firm measures to address the matters that were raised. Over the subsequent two years we have carefully listened to and learned from our employees, working to ensure every person on the team feels supported. In 2020 we are more passionate than ever to continue to develop our inclusive culture, and we are determined to stand up for all of our staff."
The following day, a letter signed by all current female employees from the company was released to say that they did not agree with the Guardian article and that they hadn't been consulted nor did they agree with the allegations spoken on their behalf.
Games developed
Awards
Rocksteady Studios was named Studio of the Year at the 2009 Spike Video Game Awards and Developer of the Year at Official XBOX Magazine's 2009 Game of the Year Awards. Rocksteady Studios also won the British Academy Games Awards' “Best Game in 2010” award for Batman: Arkham Asylum and the SXSW “Excellence in Convergence” award in 2016 for Batman: Arkham Knight.
References
External links
2004 establishments in England
Video game companies established in 2004
Video game companies of the United Kingdom
Video game development companies
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
British companies established in 2004
British subsidiaries of foreign companies
Companies based in the London Borough of Camden
2010 mergers and acquisitions
Spike Video Game Award winners
Kheyrabad-e Sharqi (, also Romanized as Kheyrābād-e Sharqī; also known as Kheyrābād and Āb Dīvāneh) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 11 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
James George Strong (April 23, 1870 – January 11, 1938) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in Dwight, Illinois, Strong attended the public schools of Dwight, Illinois from 1876 to 1879, the Episcopal Mission of Greenwood Agency, S.Dak. from 1879 to 1880, the public school at St. Marys, Kansas from 1882 to 1887, and Baker University, Baldwin, Kansas from 1887 to 1889. He moved to Blue Rapids, Kansas, in 1891. He engaged in the real estate, loan, and insurance businesses. He also studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1895 and commenced practice in Blue Rapids.
He was also interested in mercantile and agricultural pursuits. City attorney 1896-1911. Organized the Blue Rapids Telephone Co. in 1905. He served as assistant attorney general of Marshall County in 1911 and 1912. He served as delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1912 and 1928. Organized and developed the Marshall County Power &amp. Light Co. in 1912. He served as member of the school board 1913-1916. He served as prosecuting attorney of Marshall County in 1916 and 1917.
Strong was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-sixth and to the six succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1919 – March 3, 1933), narrowly defeating Clyde Short in 1930. He served as chairman of the Committee on War Claims (Sixty-eighth through Seventy-first Congresses). He was an unsuccessful for renomination in 1932. He was appointed first assistant treasurer of the homeowners' Loan Corporation in 1933 and served until his death in Washington, D.C. on January 11, 1938. He was interred in Fairmount Cemetery, Blue Rapids, Kansas.
References
1870 births
1938 deaths
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
People from Dwight, Illinois
Statistics of Guam League in the 2004 season.
Overview
Guam U-18 won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
In mathematics, a colossally abundant number (sometimes abbreviated as CA) is a natural number that, in a particular, rigorous sense, has many divisors. Formally, a number n is said to be colossally abundant if there is an ε > 0 such that for all k > 1,
where σ denotes the sum-of-divisors function. All colossally abundant numbers are also superabundant numbers, but the converse is not true.
The first 15 colossally abundant numbers, 2, 6, 12, 60, 120, 360, 2520, 5040, 55440, 720720, 1441440, 4324320, 21621600, 367567200, 6983776800 are also the first 15 superior highly composite numbers, but neither set is a subset of the other.
History
Colossally abundant numbers were first studied by Ramanujan and his findings were intended to be included in his 1915 paper on highly composite numbers. Unfortunately, the publisher of the journal to which Ramanujan submitted his work, the London Mathematical Society, was in financial difficulties at the time and Ramanujan agreed to remove aspects of the work to reduce the cost of printing. His findings were mostly conditional on the Riemann hypothesis and with this assumption he found upper and lower bounds for the size of colossally abundant numbers and proved that what would come to be known as Robin's inequality (see below) holds for all sufficiently large values of n.
The class of numbers was reconsidered in a slightly stronger form in a 1944 paper of Leonidas Alaoglu and Paul Erdős in which they tried to extend Ramanujan's results.
Properties
Colossally abundant numbers are one of several classes of integers that try to capture the notion of having many divisors. For a positive integer n, the sum-of-divisors function σ(n) gives the sum of all those numbers that divide n, including 1 and n itself. Paul Bachmann showed that on average, σ(n) is around πn / 6. Grönwall's theorem, meanwhile, says that the maximal order of σ(n) is ever so slightly larger, specifically there is an increasing sequence of integers n such that for these integers σ(n) is roughly the same size as eγn log(log(n)), where γ is the Euler–Mascheroni constant. Hence colossally abundant numbers capture the notion of having many divisors by requiring them to maximise, for some ε > 0, the value of the function
over all values of n. Bachmann and Grönwall's results ensure that for every ε > 0 this function has a maximum and that as ε tends to zero these maxima will increase. Thus there are infinitely many colossally abundant numbers, although they are rather sparse, with only 22 of them less than 1018.
Just like with superior highly composite numbers, an effective construction of the set of all colossally abundant numbers is given by the following monotonic mapping from the positive real numbers. Let
for any prime number p and positive real . Then
is a colossally abundant number.
For every ε the above function has a maximum, but it is not obvious, and in fact not true, that for every ε this maximum value is unique. Alaoglu and Erdős studied how many different values of n could give the same maximal value of the above function for a given value of ε. They showed that for most values of ε there would be a single integer n maximising the function. Later, however, Erdős and Jean-Louis Nicolas showed that for a certain set of discrete values of ε there could be two or four different values of n giving the same maximal value.
In their 1944 paper, Alaoglu and Erdős conjectured that the ratio of two consecutive colossally abundant numbers was always a prime number. They showed that this would follow from a special case of the four exponentials conjecture in transcendental number theory, specifically that for any two distinct prime numbers p and q, the only real numbers t for which both pt and qt are rational are the positive integers. Using the corresponding result for three primes—a special case of the six exponentials theorem that Siegel claimed to have proven—they managed to show that the quotient of two consecutive colossally abundant numbers is always either a prime or a semiprime (that is, a number with just two prime factors). The quotient can never be the square of a prime.
Alaoglu and Erdős's conjecture remains open, although it has been checked up to at least 107. If true it would mean that there was a sequence of non-distinct prime numbers p1, p2, p3,... such that the nth colossally abundant number was of the form
Assuming the conjecture holds, this sequence of primes begins 2, 3, 2, 5, 2, 3, 7, 2 . Alaoglu and Erdős's conjecture would also mean that no value of ε gives four different integers n as maxima of the above function.
Relation to the Riemann hypothesis
In the 1980s Guy Robin showed that the Riemann hypothesis is equivalent to the assertion that the following inequality is true for all n > 5040: (where γ is the Euler–Mascheroni constant)
This inequality is known to fail for 27 numbers :
2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 16, 18, 20, 24, 30, 36, 48, 60, 72, 84, 120, 180, 240, 360, 720, 840, 2520, 5040
Robin showed that if the Riemann hypothesis is true then n = 5040 is the last integer for which it fails. The inequality is now known as Robin's inequality after his work. It is known that Robin's inequality, if it ever fails to hold, will fail for a colossally abundant number n; thus the Riemann hypothesis is in fact equivalent to Robin's inequality holding for every colossally abundant number n > 5040.
In 2001–2 Lagarias demonstrated an alternate form of Robin's assertion which requires no exceptions, using the harmonic numbers instead of log:
Or, other than the 8 exceptions of n = 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 12, 24, 60:
References
External links
Keith Briggs on colossally abundant numbers and the Riemann hypothesis
MathWorld entry
Notes on the Riemann hypothesis and abundant numbers
More on Robin's formulation of the RH
Divisor function
Integer sequences
Maliseet Vocabulary is a book that provided the first published, substantial study of the Maliseet language. It was written by Montague Chamberlain and published by the Harvard Cooperative Society in 1899.
Maliseet Vocabulary has become a valuable source on the Maliseet language. Chamberlain credits Maliseet native James Pual of Apohaqui as his principal assistant in gathering Maliseet vocabulary. The book includes an introduction by Professor William F. Ganong of Smith College, who calls it the first work in the field, and asserts that the young people of the Maliseet "care nothing" for their language and culture, and that the conditions making the book possible were rapidly slipping away with the passing of the (then-) present generation, although this prediction has not been borne out.
Maliseet Vocabulary includes English translations for about 1,600 Maliseet words, arranged in 29 categories. Given Chamberlain's status as a naturalist and bird enthusiast, he managed to record 481 Maliseet words related to plants and animals, including 124 Maliseet words for different types of birds. Some of this profusion of natural-world vocabulary is also inherent in the Maliseet culture: for example, the book includes six different Maliseet words for birch bark, depending on the status of the bark. 98 of the words are place name proper nouns, and 156 words are listed as of post-European-contact origin (mostly constructed of Maliseet roots while a few are transliterations of English and French words), including fourteen words related to guns.
The main section listing vocabulary is preceded by an introduction to the Maliseet alphabet, and is followed by sample phrases and sentences, conjugations of a sample verb ("mu-sal'-te-wa'-kûn", to love), and a short sample narrative of a Maliseet legend, "How the Bear Gens [extended family] Began". The conjugation example lists 95 different usages of the verb "to love".
External links
Maliseet Vocabulary by Montague Chamberlain; most of the text is hosted free online by the Mi'kmaq-Maliseet Institute at the University of New Brunswick.
1899 books
English-language books
Lexis (linguistics)
Linguistics books
Maliseet
James Crawford Biggs (August 29, 1872 – January 30, 1960) was an American lawyer and politician, born in Oxford, North Carolina to William and Elizabeth Arlington (Cooper) Biggs.
Education
Biggs was a student at the Horner Military School in Oxford from 1883-1887 before attending the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He was an end on North Carolina's first great football team in 1892. Biggs graduated summa cum laude from the University of North Carolina (UNC) in 1893 with a bachelor's degree in philosophy. He was a member of Zeta Psi fraternity as well as the scholastic honors fraternity, Phi Beta Kappa. Biggs studied law at University of North Carolina Law School from 1893–1894 and was admitted to the North Carolina bar in 1894. He began a law practice in his hometown of Oxford, while teaching simultaneously as a professor at UNC (1898–1900) and Trinity Law School (1911–1912), in Durham, NC. From 1894-1898, Biggs also served as an adjutant in the North Carolina state guard.
Political and legal career
Biggs was elected to serve two terms as the mayor of Oxford in 1897 and 1898. In 1899, he helped found the North Carolina Bar Association, which he served as its first Secretary-Treasurer, and later served as president (1914–1915). He served as a member of the North Carolina House of Representatives from Durham County in 1905. He continued his ascendency in the North Carolina legal system, serving as a state supreme court reporter (1905–1907), and then as a judge of the Superior Court of North Carolina, from 1907–1911. He resigned from this position in 1911 in order to resume private law practice in Raleigh, NC. From 1917–1918, Biggs was given an opportunity to litigate on the federal level when he was chosen to be a special assistant to the U.S. Attorney General in charge of oil litigation against the Southern Pacific Railroad in California.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed Biggs Solicitor General in May 1933, at the start of the New Deal. Biggs was well out of his depth in his new position, and lost 10 of the 17 cases he argued in his first five months in office. By the end of his first term, Justice Stone commented that "Biggs was not fit to argue a cow case before a justice of the peace, unless the cow was fatally sick." According to former Solicitor General Seth Waxman, "[t]he Justices informally sent word to [President] Roosevelt that Biggs should not be permitted to argue any case the United States hoped to win. Attorney General Homer Cummings stepped in to ensure that important cases would be handled by attorneys outside the Solicitor General's office. Thus, even before the first New Deal case was argued in the Supreme Court, the Solicitor General—the person whose principal responsibility it is to represent the interests of the United States—was out. By the time a more capable successor took office, the New Deal was in deep legal trouble." (Cummings and Assistant Solicitor General Angus D. MacLean argued the Gold Clause Cases, which eventually marked some of the first successes for New Deal economic policies.) Biggs resigned on March 14, 1935. His successor (and future Supreme Court Justice) Stanley Reed was named his replacement on March 18 and confirmed by the Senate on March 25. Reed immediately set about dismissing several cert petitions filed by the government (e.g., Belcher v. United States) because the cases were poorly postured to result in opinions upholding the New Deal.
Biggs returned to private practice in Raleigh in March 1935. Soon afterward, the government called upon Biggs for his expertise to assist the attorney general in the Northern Pacific Land Grant Case. He also served as chairman on the North Carolina Board of Elections, trustee of the UNC Methodist Orphanage, and a member of the executive committee and counsel of the American Red Cross, 1933-1935.
Family and death
He was married to Margie Jordan for 53 years, with whom he had one daughter, Marjorie. James Biggs died on January 30, 1960, at his home in Raleigh, North Carolina.
References
External links
1872 births
1960 deaths
United States Solicitors General
North Carolina lawyers
People from Oxford, North Carolina
Members of the North Carolina House of Representatives
North Carolina state court judges
University of North Carolina School of Law alumni
North Carolina Tar Heels football players
American football ends
19th-century players of American football
Oginskis may have the following meanings:
The plural form of the Polish surname Oginski, e.g., in the meaning Ogiński family.
A Lithuanian form of the surname "Oginski"
A Latvian surname:
Aleksejs Kuplovs-Oginskis, Latvian football midfielder
Viktors Oginskis, Latvian rock musician
The list of ship decommissionings in 1912 includes a chronological list of ships decommissioned in 1912. In cases where no official decommissioning ceremony was held, the date of withdrawal from service may be used instead.
References
See also
1912
Ship decommissionings
Ship decommissionings
Ship decommissionings
Radio Hill () is a hill rising to 50 m, standing southwest of Mabus Point on the coast of Antarctica. It was discovered and first mapped by the Australasian Antarctic Expedition led by Douglas Mawson, 1911–1914. It was remapped and named by the Soviet expedition of 1956.
Hills of Queen Mary Land
In July may refer to:
Im Juli (English:In July), a 2000 German film
"Frozen Peas", alternatively titled "In July", a blooper audio recording of Orson Welles
Kamedji is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,714.
References
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Annakili is a 1976 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film, directed by Devaraj–Mohan and written by Panchu Arunachalam from a story by R. Selvaraj. The film stars Sivakumar and Sujatha with S. V. Subbaiah, Srikanth, Thengai Srinivasan and Fatafat Jayalaxmi in supporting roles. It was produced by S. P. Thamizharasi under the production banner "SPT Films". The film's soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja, who made his debut as film composer with this film while the story was written by R. Selvaraj and the screenplay and lyrics were written by Panchu Arunachalam. A. Somasundaram and Kandasamy handled cinematography and editing respectively.
When Ilaiyaraaja met Panchu Arunachalam, the latter asked if the former had composed any songs; Ilaiyaraaja casually sang a bunch of songs, one of which was "Annakkili Unnai Theduthe". An impressed Panchu Arunachalam decided to write a film story to accommodate these songs; the film would be titled Annakili. Annakili was released on 14 May 1976 and became a commercial success. The film was screened at the Indian Panorama section of the International Film Festival of India in 1978. It was remade in Telugu as Rama Chilaka (1978).
Plot
The movie revolves around Annakili, who falls in love with teacher Thyagarajan. Due to circumstances, Thyagarajan marries another girl. Azhagappan, a womaniser creates a misunderstanding about Annakili among the villagers; the rest of the film shows how Annakili proves her innocence.
Cast
Sivakumar as Thyagarajan
Sujatha as Annakili
S. V. Subbaiah as Vadivel Ambal
Srikanth as Magudapathy
Thengai Srinivasan as Azhagappan
Venniradai Moorthy as Azhagappan's right hand man
Senthamarai as Madasamy
Fatafat Jayalaxmi as Sumathi
Manimala as Thyagarajan's sister
M. N. Rajam as
S. N. Lakshmi as Thyagarajan's mother
Production
When Ilaiyaraaja met Panchu Arunachalam, the latter asked if the former had composed any songs; Ilaiyaraaja casually sang a bunch of songs, one of which was "Annakkili Unnai Theduthe". An impressed Panchu Arunachalam decided to write a film story to accommodate these songs; the film would be titled Annakili. The film was made on a shoestring budget under ₹4 lakh (worth ₹4.7 crore in 2021 prices).) The climax, featuring a theatre being set on fire, was inspired by the film Kannagi.
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja, who made his debut as composer with this film, and the lyrics were written by Panchu Arunachalam. Arunachalam added "Ilaiya" (Ilaiya means younger in Tamil language) as prefix in his name Raaja and he named as "Ilaiyaraaja" to differentiate from the already established composer A. M. Rajah. For the soundtrack, Ilaiyaraaja applied the techniques of modern popular film music orchestration to Tamil folk poetry and folk song melodies, which created a fusion of Western and Tamil idioms. The song "Machanai Paartheengala" was originally composed and sung at a marriage by Ilaiyaraaja and his orchestra even before the film's release. The violin portions of the song were used by music director K for the "Bar Anthem" in Mugamoodi (2012). The song "Sonthamillai Banthamillai" is based on Nadanamakriya raga.
Release and reception
Annakili was released on 14 May 1976. Ananda Vikatan, in a review dated 30 May 1976, was positive towards the film, particularly the performances of Sujatha, Sivakumar and Srikanth, but felt it would have been better in colour.
The film won the FilmFare Best Film Award of the year and also received ₹1 lakh subsidy from the Government of Tamil Nadu.
References
Bibliography
External links
1970s Tamil-language films
1976 films
Films directed by Devaraj–Mohan
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Films with screenplays by Panchu Arunachalam
Indian romantic drama films
1976 romantic drama films
William F. Farley (born October 10, 1942) is an American businessman, financier and philanthropist. He is the sole owner of Farley Industries, a private equity firm based in Chicago, and a co-owner of the Chicago White Sox. For 15 years (1985–99), he was the chairman and CEO of Fruit of the Loom until he was ousted by the board of directors on August 30, 1999. He is currently the founder, CEO and majority owner of Zrii, a multilevel marketing company based in Salt Lake City.
Biography
Early life and education
Farley was born the elder of two children to a working-class Irish Catholic family on October 10, 1942, in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. He was the son of John Farley, a postal worker and part-time musician, and Barbara Farley, a receptionist.
Farley attended grade school at St. Leo's School in Pawtucket and later became a recruited high school athlete and student at St. Raphael Academy, his father's high school. He graduated from St. Raphael's in 1960.
Farley attended Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, from 1960–64, where he majored in government and earned an academic scholarship. At Bowdoin, he was a varsity athlete in football, swimming, and baseball.
Professional career
Early years
After graduating from Bowdoin in 1964, Farley traveled across the U.S. and Mexico for six months, eventually settling in Los Angeles. In Los Angeles, Farley sold Collier's Encyclopedia door to door. Within two years he was the company's leading salesman, and was appointed head of training for the national sales force.
NL Industries and Lehman Brothers
After attending Boston College Law School, Farley moved to New York City, where he took a job in the mergers and acquisitions division of NL Industries, a manufacturing company with a number of subsidiaries. At NL Industries, Farley did analysis on potential acquisition targets and rose in director of long range planning and acquisitions. In 1972, Farley was transferred to Chicago, where he functioned as the regional manager of NL Industries' metals division.
Farley Industries
In 1976, while Farley was working at Lehman Brothers, NL Industries was searching for a potential buyer for Anaheim Citrus Products Co., a small subsidiary that produced pectin, a thickening agent used in foods and other products. In October 1976, aged 34, he executed his first leveraged buyout for $1.9 million. To facilitate the buyout, Farley founded Farley Industries, a private holdings company in the Sears Tower in Chicago. After six months, Farley had raised the funds for the buyout, including his life savings of $25,000, plus $1.7 million in loans and notes borrowed against the company assets.
Within two years after the buyout, Farley had doubled Anaheim Citrus sales. In 1977, Farley purchased Baumfolder Corporation, a struggling manufacturing company, using funds from equipment sales at Anaheim Citrus. Farley quit Lehman Brothers and moved to Ohio to oversee the Baumfolder turnaround. He later sold Baumfolder to its employees for $10 million.
In 1982, Farley purchased NL Metals, the same group he used to run at NL. The purchase price was $118 million, making NL Metals the first in a line of significantly larger acquisitions that Farley would make over the next decade.
Farley Industries soon encompassed numerous companies within the manufacturing, mining, and apparel industries. The largest acquisition was Northwest Industries, for $1.4 billion in July 1985. Farley Industries had 50,000 employees and nearly $4 billion in annual sales by the late 1980s.
West Point Pepperell
In 1988, Farley completed a hostile takeover of West Point Pepperell, Inc., a textile company that had been family-owned in West Point, Georgia, and surrounding communities for more than 100 years. Farley paid $1.5 billion for the company, eclipsing the mark of $1.4 billion he had paid a year prior for Northwest Industries. Farley financed his purchase of 95.3 percent of the company through bank debt and high-yield bonds. Less than four years later, the company filed for bankruptcy, and Farley resigned.
Fruit of the Loom
Though Farley eventually sold most businesses within the Farley/Northwest Holding Corp. conglomerate, he kept Fruit of the Loom Inc.
In March 1987, Farley completed a successful $565 million public offering of Fruit of the Loom shares.
During his tenure at Fruit of the Loom Farley pushed to move the majority of Fruit of the Loom's manufacturing outside of the US. In 1998 a class-action lawsuit by a New England–based health care employees pension fund alleged that Farley had misled investors to engage in insider trading.
Farley served as president and CEO of Fruit of the Loom from 1985-99, when he was ousted by the board of directors.
Zrii, LLC
In May 2007, Farley launched a brand-new multi-level marketing health and beauty company based out of Salt Lake City, Utah.
Zrii, a Sanskrit word which means "light, luster, splendor, and prosperity", was endorsed by lifestyle guru Deepak Chopra and the Chopra Center for Wellbeing. The basis of its namesake product was a juice extracted from the amalaki fruit, which is grown exclusively in India at the base of the Himalayas.
In February 2009, 35 employees staged a walkout of Zrii headquarters and demanded that Farley resign.. In December 2009, Farley won $400,000 in a settlement agreement with LifeVantage Corporation, where many of his former employees were hired.
Management style
Farley spent over $3 million a year on programs at his subsidiaries that encouraged physical fitness, good nutrition, and smoking cessation. He traveled to work sites and solicited employees' opinions about the quality of their food and facilities, making improvements as suggested by employees.
Farley installed baseball fields, tracks, and other fitness facilities at plants and factories.
Politics
Farley supports Republican political candidates. In 2016 he donated over $10,000 to the Donald Trump Victory fund.
Philanthropic activity
A firm believer in education, Farley has contributed millions of dollars to his alma maters. His largest single contribution was a $3.5 million gift to Bowdoin College in 1984, which resulted in Farley Field House, an indoor athletic facility with a track, indoor tennis courts, and spectator areas. He also founded scholarship programs for students at Boston College Law School, and made a $1.5 million donation to endow the William F. Farley Chair at the law school. In May 1996, Farley made a $1 million donation to his high school, St. Raphael Academy, which went toward science and computer resources, tuition assistance, and the athletic department. In 1998 and in honor of Farley's contributions to the school, the West Annex Building at St. Raphael was renamed Barbara Farley Hall, in honor of Farley's mother.
Farley has made numerous contributions over the years to the American Heart Association, and he's been a donor to and board member of various civic and cultural organizations in his adopted hometown of Chicago, Illinois (including the Goodman Theatre, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, and the Chicago Council on Foreign Relations). He has also sat on the board of directors for the Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans.
Awards and honors
1984: Farley is recognized as Outstanding Business Graduate of the Year by the Boston College Law School Alumni Association.
1986: Farley receives the Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans award. The award is given to "community leaders who demonstrate individual initiative and a commitment to excellence, as exemplified by remarkable achievements accomplished through honesty, hard work, self-reliance and perseverance over adversity."
1988: Farley is inducted into the Rhode Island Heritage Hall of Fame; he is also honored by the Boys & Girls Clubs of America as a Business/Community Honoree of the Year.
1997: Honored by the Ireland-U.S. Council for Commerce and Industry for outstanding achievement for his work in economics, business, and commercial activity. He also receives the White House's Presidential Award for Entrepreneurial Excellence.
2008: Farley is honored with a Freedom Award from America's Freedom Festival at Provo.
Personal life
In the 1980s, Farley became a minority owner of the Chicago White Sox.
Farley was an active member in the Young Presidents Organization; he is currently a member of the World Presidents Organization. He has also been a member of the Chicago Club and the University Associates of Northwestern University for years.
References
1942 births
Living people
American retail chief executives
Businesspeople from Rhode Island
American philanthropists
Boston College alumni
Antonina Riasanovsky (March 8, 1895 – February 1985) was a Russian Empire-born writer who, under the pen name Nina Fedorova, wrote The Family, the tenth highest selling fiction book in the United States 1940. The book won the 1940 $10,000 fiction novel prize from the Atlantic Monthly. The Family tells the story of an exiled White Russian family in Tianjin, China.
Biography
Born Antonina Fedorovna Podgorinova in Lokhvytsia, Russian Empire in 1895, she moved to Verkhneudinsk (now known as Ulan-Ude) after her father's death and mother's remarriage. She left for Harbin in China shortly before the 1917 revolution, and married historian Valentin Riasanovsky in 1923. The Riasanovskys ended up in Tianjin themselves in 1936, though she claimed The Family was not autobiographical. The Riasanovskys came to the United States and moved to Eugene, Oregon in 1938, where Antonina taught Russian literature at the University of Oregon.
A sequel to The Family, The Children, was published in 1942. Her last novel, Life, was written in Russian. She also translated her first two novels into Russian, and published a book of plays for children in 1964.
Riasanovsky and her husband had two sons. Nicholas V. Riasanovsky was a leading scholar of Russian history. She died in Oakland, California in February 1985.
Works
The Family (1940)
The Children (1942)
Theater for Children (1964)
Life (1964 – 1966)
References
External links
(Oscar Serlin produced a Broadway play based on The Family in 1943. It got poor reviews and had a short run.)
20th-century American novelists
American women novelists
1895 births
1985 deaths
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to China
Chinese emigrants to the United States
Oregon State University faculty
20th-century American women writers
Novelists from Oregon
American women academics
Soo Wai Ming (; born 14 October 1977), better known by her stage name Carmen Soo, is a Malaysian Chinese model and actress.
Life and career
Soo was born and raised in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, to a Chinese father and to a half-Chinese, half-British mother. She holds a bachelor's degree in business management and can speak fluent Malay, Cantonese and English while also learning Tagalog to help her television acting career in the Philippines. She was part owner of a boutique named 'Kushi' located in Bangsar.
In 2015, Soo married Benson Tan in Bali and they have one daughter. She currently resides in Petaling Jaya, Selangor with her family.
Modeling
Carmen Soo began modelling at age 17 and moved to Hong Kong at age 20 to pursue modelling career, which has brought her all over Asia, including Singapore. At 156 cm (just under 5'1") tall, her petite size is not conducive to catwalk modeling, hence most of her shoots tend to be print and television commercials. However, she has graced local magazines' covers such as New Man, V Mag, New Tide GLAM and Nu You. She is a spokesperson for international watch brand Longines along with Malaysian theatre personality Paula Malai Ali, and for Celcom with Singaporean singer JJ Lin.
Soo is the brand ambassador of Uniqlo Malaysia. She managed by Model
One in Hong Kong.
Acting
Carmen started as an extra in the 1999 Jackie Chan movie entitled Gorgeous alongside Shu Qi, and later was in Aaron Kwok's musical special.
In September 2008, Carmen co-starred in an ABS-CBN (in collaboration with Malaysia's Double Vision) soap opera with Filipino actors Jericho Rosales, Cristine Reyes and Christopher de Leon in the teleserye Kahit Isang Saglit that was aired in the Philippines and Malaysia, and worldwide through TFC. Kahit Isang Saglit later earned a nomination in the International Emmy Award.
In 2010, Carmen appeared in a four-part series of Your Song entitled "Beautiful Girl" with Christian Bautista, which was shot through mid-July and August between Malaysia and the Philippines. In the same year, she appeared alongside JC De Vera in the third season of 5-Star Specials entitled Si Paco at ang Prinsesa, directed by Bb. Joyce Bernal on TV5.
Carmen was the lead actor in the Malaysian horror film The Hunter 3D, directed and written by Bjarne Wong. Soo then went on to perform on HBO Asia's Dead Mine as Su-Ling. She also appeared in the Singaporean horror film Ghost Child, alongside Chen Hanwei and Jayley Woo.
Hosting
In 2009, Soo became a judge on It's Showtime. In April 2010, Soo became a co-host on Wowowee along with Kelly Misa, Jed Montero, Isabelle Abiera, RR Enriquez, Valerie Concepcion, Mariel Rodriguez and Pokwang.
Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre
Awards
Most Promising Actress Award at the Malaysian Film Festival 2006
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Malaysian people of British descent
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Malaysian people of English descent
Malaysian Christians
Malaysian female models
21st-century Malaysian actresses
Malaysian expatriates in the Philippines
Ljubić () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 61 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Dodi Protero (March 13, 1931 – April 22, 2007) was a Canadian operatic soprano who had a prolific international career from 1955 through 1980. A singer with a great deal of technical finesse, she excelled in the coloratura soprano and soubrette repertoires. She later had a successful second career as a voice teacher.
Biography
Born Dorothy Ann MacGregor (later adopted the name McIlraith) in Toronto, Ontario, Protero studied singing with James Rossellino in her native city from 1949 through 1959 and her first professional performing experiences were with his Rosselino Opera Company during the early 1950s as Annina in performances of Giuseppe Verdi's La traviata. She was also a pupil of Toti dal Monte in Venice (1955–1957), Ferdinand Grossmann in Vienna (1957), Lorenz Fehenberger in Munich (1963), and in New York City with Rosa Bok (1967–1970) and Oren Brown (1975–1976). She made her European opera debut in 1955 as Papagena in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's The Magic Flute at the Teatro di San Carlo. That same year she won the Siena International Singing Competition and in 1957 she won the singing competition at the Salzburg Mozarteum.
In the late 1950s, Protero made appearances at the Bielefeld Opera, the Oper der Stadt Köln, and the Wuppertal Opera. She sang for the first time at the Salzburg Festival in 1959 as Clarice in Joseph Haydn's Il mondo della luna. She also performed in concerts of works by Mozart at Salzburg in 1959 and 1960. She sang Papagena at the Glyndebourne Festival in 1960 and that same year made her first appearance with the Canadian Opera Company (COC) as Ciboletta in Johann Strauss II's Eine Nacht in Venedig. She returned to the COC numerous times during her career, portraying such roles as Gretel in Engelbert Humperdinck's Hänsel und Gretel (1962, 1963), Musetta in Giacomo Puccini's La bohème (1965), Parasha in Igor Stravinsky's Mavra (1965), Oona in the world premiere of Raymond Pannell's The Luck of Ginger Coffey (1967), Rosina in The Barber of Seville (1970), and Marzelline in Ludwig van Beethoven's Fidelio (1970).
Protero performed in several productions with the Sadler's Wells Opera during the 1960s. In 1963 she toured Europe with the Mozarteum Orchestra of Salzburg. She portrayed the role of Mrs. Bedwin in the 1965 Broadway revival of Lionel Bart's Oliver!. Other guest appearances include performances with the Calgary Opera, New Orleans Opera, Pittsburgh Opera, San Antonio Grand Opera Festival, the Stratford Festival, the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma, the Teatro Massimo, Vancouver Opera, and numerous return engagements at the Teatro di San Carlo.
After retiring from the stage in 1980, Protero dedicated her time to teaching singing. She taught on the voice faculties of the Banff School of Fine Arts (1975–1982), the University of Illinois (1976–1987), Opera Music Theater International in New Jersey (1989–93), the Academy of Vocal Arts in Philadelphia (1992–1995) and the Juilliard School (1991–2007). Several of her students have gone on to successful singing careers, including Mario Frangoulis. She was married for many years to tenor Alan Crofoot and served on the Executive Board of the New Jersey Opera. She died in New York City at the age of 76.
References
External links
1931 births
2007 deaths
Academy of Vocal Arts faculty
Canadian musical theatre actresses
Canadian operatic sopranos
Juilliard School faculty
University of Illinois faculty
20th-century Canadian women opera singers
Musicians from Toronto
Women music educators
The synsacrum is a skeletal structure of birds and other dinosaurs, in which the sacrum is extended by incorporation of additional fused or partially fused caudal or lumbar vertebrae and it can only be seen in birds. Some posterior thoracic vertebrae, the lumbar, sacral and a few anterior caudal vertebrae are fused to form a complex bone called synsacrum. The innominate bones are fused with the synsacrum to a greater or lesser extent, according to species, forming an avian pelvis. This forms a more extensive rigid structure than the pelvis of a mammal, fulfilling requirements for flight, locomotion and respiration. Posterior to the synsacrum there are a few free caudal vertebrae, the last of which is the pygostyle to which the long, stiff tail feathers are attached. The central section of the synsacrum is swollen to accommodate the glycogen body, an organ whose function is as yet unclear but which may be associated with balance.
In terms of external morphology, the synsacrum corresponds to the rump.
References
Dinosaur anatomy
Bird anatomy
Abnormal uterine bleeding (AUB), also known as (AVB) or as atypical vaginal bleeding, is vaginal bleeding from the uterus that is abnormally frequent, lasts excessively long, is heavier than normal, or is irregular. The term dysfunctional uterine bleeding was used when no underlying cause was present. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy is excluded. Iron deficiency anemia may occur and quality of life may be negatively affected.
The underlying causes may include ovulation problems, fibroids, the lining of the uterus growing into the uterine wall, uterine polyps, underlying bleeding problems, side effects from birth control, or cancer. More than one category of causes may apply in an individual case. The first step in work-up is to rule out a tumor or pregnancy. Medical imaging or hysteroscopy may help with the diagnosis.
Treatment depends on the underlying cause. Options may include hormonal birth control, gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonists, tranexamic acid, NSAIDs, and surgery such as endometrial ablation or hysterectomy. Over the course of a year, roughly 20% of reproductive-aged women self-report at least one symptom of AUB.
Signs and symptoms
Symptoms include vaginal bleeding that occurs irregularly, at abnormal frequency, lasts excessively long, or is more than normal. Normal frequency of periods is 22 to 38 days. Variation in the length of time between cycles is typically less than 21 days. Bleeding typically last less than nine days and blood loss is less than 80 mL. Excessive blood loss may also be defined as that which negatively affects a person's quality of life. Bleeding more than six months after menopause is also a concern.
Causes
The causes of AUB are divided into nine groups: uterine polyps, fibroids, adenomyosis, cancer, blood clotting disorders, problems with ovulation, endometrial problems, healthcare induced, and not yet classified. More than one category of causes may apply in an individual case. Healthcare induced causes may include side effects of birth control.
Mechanism
The underlying mechanism is often a hormonal disturbance: reduced levels of progesterone cause high levels of prostaglandin F2-alpha and cause abnormally heavy flow as progesterone stabilizes the endometrium and inhibits synthesis of prostaglandin F2-alpha; increased levels of tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA), a fibrinolytic enzyme, lead to more fibrinolysis.
Ovulatory
Ten percent of cases occur in women who are ovulating, but progesterone secretion is prolonged because estrogen levels are low. This causes irregular shedding of the uterine lining and break-through bleeding. Some evidence has associated ovulatory DUB with more fragile blood vessels in the uterus. It may represent a possible endocrine dysfunction, resulting in menorrhagia or metrorrhagia. Mid-cycle bleeding may indicate a transient estrogen decline, while late-cycle bleeding may indicate progesterone deficiency.
Anovulatory
About 90% of DUB events occur when ovulation is not occurring (anovulatory DUB). Anovulatory menstrual cycles are common at the extremes of reproductive age, such as early puberty and perimenopause (period around menopause). In such cases, women do not properly develop and release a mature egg. When this happens, the corpus luteum, which is a mound of tissue that produces progesterone, does not form. As a result, estrogen is produced continuously, causing an overgrowth of the uterus lining. The period is delayed in such cases, and when it occurs menstruation can be very heavy and prolonged. Sometimes anovulatory DUB is due to a delay in the full maturation of the reproductive system in teenagers. Usually, however, the mechanisms are unknown.
The cause can be psychological stress, weight (obesity, anorexia, or a rapid change), exercise, endocrinopathy, neoplasm, drugs, or it may be otherwise unknown.
Diagnosis
Diagnosis of AUB starts with a medical history and physical examination. Normal menstrual bleeding patterns vary from woman to woman, so the medical history covers specific details about the woman's individual menstrual bleeding pattern, such as its predictability, length, volume, and whether she experiences cramps or other pain. The healthcare provider will also check to see whether she or any family members have any potentially related health conditions, and whether she is taking medication that might increase or decrease menstrual bleeding, such as herbal supplements, hormonal contraceptives, over-the-counter drugs such as aspirin, or blood thinners.
Medical tests include a blood test, to see whether the abnormal bleeding has caused anemia, and a pelvic ultrasound, to see whether the abnormal bleeding is caused by a structural problem, such as a uterine fibroid. Ultrasound is specifically recommended in those over the age of 35 or those in whom bleeding continues despite initial treatment. Laboratory assessment of thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), pregnancy, and chlamydia is also recommended.
More extensive testing might include an MRI and endometrial sampling. Endometrial sampling is recommended in those over the age of 45 who do not improve with treatment and in those with intermenstrual bleeding that persists. The PALM-COEIN system may be used to classify the uterine bleeding.
Management
Treatment depends on the underlying cause. Options may include hormonal birth control, gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonists, tranexamic acid, NSAIDs, and surgery such as endometrial ablation or hysterectomy. Polyps, adenomyosis, and cancer are generally treated by surgery. Iron supplementation may be needed. Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding symptoms like mid cycle bleeding, late cycle bleeding and irregular periods were taken care off by Ovoutoline Forte tablet a marketed herbal formulation of Emami Limited, in Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding (DUB).
Terminology
The terminology "dysfunctional uterine bleeding" is no longer recommended. Historically dysfunctional uterine bleeding meant there was no structural or systemic problems present. In AUB underlying causes may be present.
Epidemiology
About one-third of all medical appointments with gynecologists involve AUB, with the proportion rising to 70% in the years around menopause.
References
External links
Merck Manual Abnormal Uterine Bleeding
Noninflammatory disorders of female genital tract
Wikipedia medicine articles ready to translate
Theodoros Kolokotronis Stadium (), formerly known as Asteras Tripolis Stadium, is a football stadium in Tripoli, Greece. The stadium is the home stadium of Asteras Tripolis. The stadium holds 7,442 seats. The stadium was renamed in honour of the hero of the Greek War of Independence, Theodoros Kolokotronis, on November 22, 2012.
External links
Asteras Tripolis Stadium Pics stadia.gr
http://footballtripper.com/theodoros-kolokotronis-stadium-asteras-tripoli/
Football venues in Greece
Multi-purpose stadiums in Greece
Buildings and structures in Arcadia, Peloponnese
Tripoli, Greece
Asteras Tripolis F.C.
1979 establishments in Greece
Sports venues completed in 1979
Jasmine Bacurnay Lee (born Jasmine Bacurnay y Villanueva; January 6, 1977) is a South Korean television personality, actress and civil servant. Elected as a proportional representative in South Korea's National Assembly in 2012, she is the first non-ethnic Korean and naturalized South Korean to become a lawmaker.
Early life and education
Jasmine met South Korean mariner Lee Dong-ho in Davao del Norte when she was still a college student majoring in biology at Ateneo de Davao University in 1994. They got married and first visited South Korea in 1995 and finally united in 1996. They have two children, a son Lee Seung-geun and a daughter Lee Seung-yeon. She became a naturalized South Korean in 1998. Her husband died of a heart attack in 2010 while saving their daughter from drowning in a whirlpool in a mountain stream in Okcheon, Gangwon while on a family vacation.
Career
Since 2006, she has been a panelist on the KBS program "Love in Asia" and has also appeared on a Korean language program on educational channel EBS.
As an actress, she played the role of the mother of lead actor Yoo Ah-in in the highly acclaimed 2011 film Punch which drew 5.3 million viewers. She also appeared in the 2010 film Secret Reunion.
In January 2012, Lee became the first Filipino to receive the Korea Image Millstone Award from the Corea Image Communication Institute (CICI). She was cited for her volunteer and charity works for foreign immigrants in South Korea. An advocate of multiculturalism in South Korea, she regularly gives lectures about the subject to teachers and student leaders.
She is the secretary general of Waterdrop, a charity formed by foreign spouses of South Koreans, and worked at the Foreign Residents Assistance Division of the Seoul Metropolitan Government.
On April 11, 2012, she was elected as a proportional representative in South Korea's National Assembly election following her party's majority victory in the polls held. With her win, she made history in South Korea as the first Filipina and naturalized South Korean to become a lawmaker. Lee's win was a result of the victory of the ruling Saenuri Party, to which she belongs.
Lee was excluded from the party's list for the 2016 election and left office on May 29, 2016.
Criticism
Since the 2012 election, Lee has been hit by charges of misrepresenting her education, after claiming on national television to have attended medical school in the Philippines when in fact she had simply taken biology classes during college.
Some South Koreans engaged in racist criticism of Lee, stating that she was not a "true" South Korean due to being from the Philippines. One South Korean spoke out against the racist behavior of Lee's critics, stating that South Koreans were more concerned about engaging in racist vitriol against politicians, whereas in other countries, people were more concerned about a politician's professional qualifications.
References
1977 births
Visayan people
Liberty Korea Party politicians
Filipino television presenters
Filipino women television presenters
Filipino activists
Women activists
People from Davao City
Living people
Members of the National Assembly (South Korea)
Filipino emigrants to South Korea
Naturalized citizens of South Korea
South Korean activists
South Korean women activists
South Korean people of Filipino descent
South Korean women television presenters
Ateneo de Davao University alumni
35 Denton (formerly NX35 and 35 Conferette) was an annual 3-day music festival that took place in the burgeoning arts corridor of downtown Denton, Texas. The festival was programmed each March the week prior to the music portion of SXSW in Austin, Texas.
35 Denton was organized by a core staff of volunteers. The music festival has featured many nationally touring acts, such as Solange, The Pains of Being Pure At Heart, Local Natives, Portugal. The Man, The Flaming Lips, The Jesus and Mary Chain, The Mountain Goats, Bun B, Devin the Dude, Dr. Dog, Big Boi, Reggie Watts, The Civil Wars, Best Coast, Danny Brown, A Place to Bury Strangers, and more. Likewise, it also had a roster of notable local acts, such as Neon Indian, Midlake, Sarah Jaffe, Brave Combo, Riverboat Gamblers, Seryn, and more.
History
2005 – 2008: The Austin Years
During SXSW 2005, festival founder Chris Flemmons planted the seeds of 35 Denton in the soil of Big Red Sun, a floral design boutique in Austin. Thirteen Denton acts performed on a stage in the business's outdoor garden for an invite-only crowd of international journalists and industry types. The beer was free, the Tex-Mex was homemade, and the goal was uncomplicated: Show the world what Denton's all about. Flemmons called the event NX35: The Afternoon Party of the Other, Smaller, Music Town in Texas. In 2006, it took place at Club DeVille, and in 2007 and 2008, the party moved to Momo's. Some notable performers from the event's years in Austin include Centro-matic's Will Johnson, Midlake, Sarah Jaffe, and the Baptist Generals.
2009 – 2016: The Denton Years
In 2009, after four years in Austin, Flemmons and a small staff of volunteers brought the day party home and turned it into a multi-day festival. The goal of showcasing Denton's performers and people did not change, but the name did: NX35 Music Conferette, which opened with a keynote address led by American Splendor creator Harvey Pekar. Before the inaugural festival ended, more than 4000 people had watched over 120 acts play on the stages of Denton's numerous clubs and coffeeshops.
In 2010, more than 250 acts performed on and around Denton's downtown square – to an estimated audience of 20,000 people. The event began with keynote speaker Steve Albini and featured a now storied free Saturday night performance by the Flaming Lips and Denton's own Midlake at the North Texas Fairgrounds. Also instituted this year was daytime programming with speakers and panels addressing a broad range of topics concerning cultural planning, urban development, gender issues, tech entrepreneurship, and the music, art, and film industries. This programming emerged as one of the recurring highlights of the festival. Other notable performers from this era include Neon Indian, Centro-matic, HEALTH, The Black Angels, The Baptist Generals, Brave Combo, Sarah Jaffe, Monotonix, Riverboat Gamblers, Shiny Around the Edges, and True Widow.
In 2011, the festival changed its name to 35 Conferette. The name wasn't the only big change, as the fest expanded into the streets of downtown Denton with the addition of three outdoor stages, one of which was on the courthouse lawn. Performers included a growing roster of national talent like Big Boi, Mavis Staples, Dr. Dog, Reggie Watts, Japanther, and Damien Jurado. In the months that followed, 35 Conferette was named Best Promotional Event of 2011 by the Texas Downtown Association. Festival founder Chris Flemmons handed the event's future to a new leadership staff led by Creative Director Kyle La Valley and Programming Director, Natalie Dávila. The festival's name changed to 35 Denton in July 2011.
In 2012, 35 Denton was headlined by The Jesus and Mary Chain – though they performed a few days later than anticipated. After visa issues prevented their Saturday night appearance, the band played the following Wednesday at the North Texas Fairgrounds, with Ty Segall as an opening act. Other notable 2012 acts included Built to Spill, Bun B, The Raincoats, OM, Best Coast, Thee Oh Sees, and Dum Dum Girls.In 2013, 35 Denton featured performances by Solange, Sleep, Roky Erickson, Com Truise, Silver Apples, Killer Mike, Thee Oh Sees, Akron/Family, Man Man, Mikal Cronin, Mac DeMarco, Beach Fossils, Reigning Sound, Marnie Stern, Soul Clap, and the live Texas debut of Thurston Moore's side-project Chelsea Light Moving.
After 2013, La Valley and Dávila left the festival leadership and the organization's primary investors withdrew funding. The festival did not take place in 2014, opting instead to take a year off to reorganize and locate new investors. During this time, a new Denton music festival in Oaktopia was formed to run opposite 35 Denton in the fall of each year.
In 2015, 35 Denton returned under the theme "Back To The Music", and featured performances by the 1970s The Zombies, Jimmie Dale Gilmore, Cymbals Eat Guitars, Chastity Belt (band), Lowell (musician), S U R V I V E, and the reunion performance of Ten Hands (band) led by local musician Paul Slavens.
In 2016, was headlined by the soul artist Charles Bradley (singer) and his Extraordinaires, hip-hop throwback Biz Markie, and Eliot Sumner, the child of English rock musician Sting (musician). Other notable performances were by Electric Six, Fat Tony (rapper), Class Actress, Tacocat, Sheer Mag, Alesia Lani and the Mydolls.
The 2017 event was canceled without firm plans to revive the festival.
Evolution of a brand
An interesting aspect of the festival is its evolving name and image. Each change reflected either a need to distinguish the festival from SXSW or of the evolving core staff crew that led the event.
Lineups By Year
2009 NX35 Conferette, March 12–15
2010 NX35 Conferette, March 11–14
2011 35 Conferette, March 10–13
2012 35 Denton, March 8–11
The Hot Wet Mess
In May 2012, 35 Denton announced a one-day end of summer party to take place on September 1, 2012 entitled 'The Hot Wet Mess.' The festival's first venture into event production outside the 35 Denton festival took place at the North Texas Fairgrounds and featured Black Lips, No Age, Reggie Watts, Big Freedia, Unknown Mortal Orchestra as well as local acts Fergus & Geronimo, DJ Sober and RTB2. The event was sponsored by Vitamin Water and Corona Light, and consisted of attractions such as a water slide to overlook the stage.
2013 35 Denton, March 7–10
2015 35 Denton, March 13–15
2016 35 Denton, March 13–15
See also
Thin Line Fest
Denton Arts and Jazz Festival
Denton, Texas
Reference List
External links
Official website
Music festivals in Texas
Music of Texas
Music conferences
Music of Denton, Texas
2005 establishments in Texas
Rock festivals in the United States
Indie rock festivals
Bret Clark (born February 24, 1961) is a former professional American football player. Clark played for the in-state Nebraska Cornhuskers football team, for whom he was an All-American defensive back during his senior year of 1984. After college, he played one season with the United States Football League's Tampa Bay Bandits, then started at safety for three seasons with the National Football League's Atlanta Falcons. A serious and chronic knee injury ended his professional football career in 1988.
Bret Clark is also known for effectively ending the existence of the Tampa Bay Bandits. Clark took the Bandits to arbitration over back pay owed to him. While Clark won the case, the Bandits did not have the funds available to pay him back, so a judge ordered that the team's remaining assets be confiscated to repay the debt to Clark.
Early life / University of Nebraska
Bret Clark was born in Nebraska City, Nebraska to Kenneth and Alice Clark. He was an all-state defensive back at Nebraska City High School and, upon graduating in 1980, accepted an athletic scholarship to play for the University of Nebraska Cornuskers under coach Tom Osborne.
Clark spent one year on Nebraska's freshman squad and one year as a redshirt. He received increasing playing time during his sophomore year of 1982 and led the Cornhusker secondary in tackles. Clark was a starter during his junior and senior seasons and won many accolades. He was a consensus All-Big Eight Conference performer in 1983 and 1984, and was listed as an All-American by several publications in 1984. At the conclusion of his college career, he held Nebraska records for passes broken up in a season, passes broken up in a career, and career unassisted tackles by a defensive back.
Professional career
USFL
Clark was drafted by the Los Angeles Raiders in the 7th round of the 1985 NFL Draft but chose to accept a $1 million contract offer from the USFL's Tampa Bay Bandits. Later, Bandits coach Steve Spurrier questioned whether Clark was worth that much. Spurrier and other Bandits insiders tried to get the contract voided, believing that owner John F. Bassett's judgment was impaired when he hammered out the deal. Bassett was suffering from terminal brain cancer at the time, and Spurrier and others believed the unusually large contract was evidence that he was no longer of sound mind.
Clark played in seven games with the Bandits during the USFL's final season, mostly as a nickel back and on special teams.
The contract came back to haunt the Bandits in August 1986. In March, Clark took the Bandits to arbitration seeking $159,980 in back pay, and won. The decision was reaffirmed on May 26. By then, a dying Bassett had sold controlling interest in the Bandits to minority partner Lee Scarfone. However, Scarfone had gone into considerable debt to make the purchase, and had depleted most of his assets in the process. As a result, the Bandits did not have the assets available to reimburse Clark. On August 4--the same day that the USFL suspended operations—federal judge Elizabeth Kovachevich placed a $159,980 lien on the franchise and ordered that the team's remaining assets, including everything from weight-lifting equipment to office furniture to uniforms to souvenirs and memorabilia from the team store, be confiscated to pay the debt. This move effectively ended any chance of the Bandits returning to the field, though the league itself did not officially cease to exist until 1988.
NFL
The Atlanta Falcons traded their 4th round draft pick in the 1986 NFL Draft to the Raiders for the rights to Clark, and he signed a contract with the team soon thereafter. As a member of the Falcons, Clark returned to the Bandits' home field of Tampa Stadium for an August 1986 preseason game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers just days after the conclusion of his lawsuit against the Bandits. Accordingly, he was booed by Tampa football fans for his role in finishing off the city's other pro football team.
Clark played three years for Atlanta, mostly as a starting safety. A chronic knee injury required surgery during the 1988 season and landed him on injured reserve. The injury effectively ended his football career, as the Falcons chose not to offer him a contract for the following season.
In 1998, Clark wrote a book about his experiences entitled "Movin' On: My Life in the NFL".
References
from the University of Nebraska
1961 births
Living people
People from Nebraska City, Nebraska
Players of American football from Nebraska
American football safeties
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
Atlanta Falcons players
Tampa Bay Bandits players
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
The black-crowned white-eye (Zosterops atrifrons) is a songbird species. It is closely related to the Old World babblers, and its family Zosteropidae might better be included in the Tiimalidae. Its subspecies from the Sulawesi region might warrant recognition as distinct species Z. subatrifrons. The Sangihe white-eye (Z. nehrkorni) and the Seram white-eye (Z. stalkeri) were formerly included in Z. atrifrons, as is still, on occasion, the black-fronted white-eye (Z. minor).
It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. Quite common, it is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
Gallery
References
Birds described in 1910
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kharlton Belmar (born December 1, 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC in the USL Championship. Born in the United States, he represents the Grenada national team.
Career
College and amateur
Belmar spent his entire college career at Virginia Commonwealth University. He made a total of 76 appearances for the Rams and tallied 18 goals and five assists.
He also played in the Premier Development League for Mississippi Brilla and Portland Timbers U23s.
Professional
Portland Timbers 2
On January 15, 2015, Belmar was selected in the second round (34th overall) of the 2015 MLS SuperDraft by the Portland Timbers. However, he was cut from camp and he ended up signing with USL affiliate club Portland Timbers 2. On March 29, he made his professional debut for the club and scored twice in a 3–1 victory over Real Monarchs SLC.
On October 1, 2015, Belmar was signed by the Cosmos on a short-term loan deal from Timbers 2.
Sporting Kansas City/Swope Park Rangers
Belmar moved to USL side Swope Park Rangers on December 19, 2016. On September 15, 2017, Belmar earned a move to Swope Park's Major League Soccer parent club Sporting Kansas City. He made his debut as a late substitute against the Houston Dynamo on October 11, 2017.
Nashville SC
After his option was declined by Sporting Kansas City at the end of their 2018 season, Belmar signed with USL Championship side Nashville SC ahead of their 2019 season.
Sacramento Republic
On December 12, 2019, Belmar moved to USL Championship side Sacramento Republic ahead of their 2020 season. Belmar was released by Sacramento following the 2021 season.
Colorado Springs Switchbacks
Belmar joined Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC on December 28, 2021.
International career
Belmar was born in the United States and is of Grenadian descent. He was called up to represent the Grenada national team on 16 March 2021. On 25 March, he made his international debut for Grenada in a World Cup qualifier against El Salvador.
References
External links
VCU Rams bio
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Virginia Beach, Virginia
Grenadian footballers
Grenada international footballers
American soccer players
American people of Grenadian descent
American sportspeople of West Indian descent
Sportspeople of Grenadian descent
Association football forwards
Major League Soccer players
Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC players
Mississippi Brilla players
Nashville SC (2018–19) players
National Premier Soccer League players
New York Cosmos (2010) players
North American Soccer League players
Portland Timbers draft picks
Portland Timbers U23s players
Portland Timbers 2 players
RVA FC players
Sacramento Republic FC players
Soccer players from Virginia Beach
Sporting Kansas City players
Sporting Kansas City II players
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
VCU Rams men's soccer players
A husbandman in England in the Middle Ages and the early modern period was a free tenant farmer, or a small landowner. The social status of a husbandman was below that of a yeoman. The meaning of "husband" in this term is "master of house" rather than "married man". According to anthropologist Charles Partridge, in England "Husbandman is a term denoting not rank but occupation... Knights, esquires, gentlemen and yeomen were also husbandmen if occupied in agriculture, but were never styled husbandmen because of their right to be styled knights, etc. The agriculturist who had no right to be styled Knight or esquire or gentleman, and who, not being a forty-shilling freeholder was not a yeoman, was described as husbandman."
It has also been used to mean a practitioner of animal husbandry, or in perhaps more modern language, a rancher.
Origin and etymology
The term husband refers to Middle English , from Old English , from Old Norse (, "house" + , , present participle of , "to dwell", so, etymologically, "a householder"). The origin is the verb ‘to husband' which originally meant ‘till' or ‘cultivate'.
References
External links
J.P. Somerville, Social Structure
Agricultural labor
Animal husbandry occupations
English farmers
Feudalism in England
Husbands
Peasants
Ranchers
DZVA (106.3 FM), on-air as Radyo Natin 106.3, is a radio station owned and operated by Manila Broadcasting Company. Its studio is located at the 3rd Floor, SQA Bldg., Crossing, Brgy. Uno, Calamba, Laguna, and its transmitter is located at Brgy. Bagumbayan, Santa Cruz, Laguna.
Awards
Best Media Partner for Radio - Balikat ng Bayan Awards (2017)
References
Radio stations in Laguna (province)
Radyo Natin Network stations
Radio stations established in 2002
2002 establishments in the Philippines
Belgooly GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Belgooly in south Cork Ireland. It was formed, in its current guise, in 1972. The club fields both hurling and Gaelic football teams in competitions organised by Carrigdhoun GAA (also known as South East Cork). At underage level, the club combines with neighboring Ballymartle GAA to form Sliabh Rua.
Honours
The club's achievements include:
Carrigdhoun Junior A Football Championship (1): 2013
Cork Junior B Football Championship (1): 2011
Cork Junior B Hurling Championship (1): 2021
Cork Junior B Inter-Divisional Hurling Championship (1): 2021
References
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Cork
Gaelic football clubs in County Cork
Hurling clubs in County Cork
Çaltepe can refer to:
Çaltepe, Manavgat
Çaltepe, Yeşilova
USS Catclaw (AN-60/YN-81) was an which served with the U.S. Navy during World War II. Catclaw served in both the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean theatres of the war. Post-war she was decommissioned in China, and transferred to the Republic of China.
Constructed in Maine
Catclaw (YN-81) was launched 22 May 1943 by Snow Shipyards, Inc., Rockland, Maine; sponsored by Mrs. F. R. Draper: commissioned 14 January 1944, Lieutenant T. A. Wall, USNR, in command; and reclassified AN-60 20 January 1944.
World War II service
Atlantic Ocean operations
Catclaw reported at New London, Connecticut, 10 April 1944 to lay experimental underwater detection and sonar gear until 10 June. At Brooklyn Navy Yard, she was supplied with welding and diving equipment and had radar equipment installed.
Catclaw then sailed on 23 June for a month and a half of duty at Clyde, Scotland. On 20 August she arrived at Cherbourg, where she based until 14 September while laying moorings at Morlaix Roads for cargo ships bypassing the harbor at Brest.
Through November, she played an essential part in the huge task of clearing the harbor of Le Havre, and after a month of operations at Plymouth, England, sailed for Charleston, South Carolina, 9 January 1945, aiding in the escort of a group of disabled ships including LCT-421 which she took in tow.
Pacific Ocean operations
After overhaul, Catclaw sailed from Charleston 15 February 1945 for San Diego, California, to load nets for Pearl Harbor. Here she had duty from 27 March until 25 May, when she cleared for Eniwetok and Guam to deliver nets. After receiving a new propeller at Guam, she sailed to Saipan and Okinawa, where from 13 July to 8 September she conducted salvage operations.
From 10 September to 14 October, she laid harbor buoys and issued dry stores at Sasebo, then returned to Okinawa to load acoustic minesweeping equipment for use in Japanese waters. She operated to support minesweepers off northern Kyūshū through January 1946, then operated at Kobe until 14 March.
Post-war decommissioning
Catclaw sailed then to Shanghai, where she was decommissioned 19 April 1946. The next day she was transferred to the U.S. Department of State for sale to the Republic of China.
References
NavSource Online: Service Ship Photo Archive - YN-81 / AN-60 Catclaw
Ailanthus-class net laying ships of the United States Navy
Ships built in Rockland, Maine
1943 ships
World War II net laying ships of the United States
Féret or Feret is a French family name that may refer to
Charles James Féret (1854-1921), English editor and historian of Fulham
Jean-Baptiste Féret (1753–1808), French publisher, founder of La Librairie Féret / Editions Féret
his son Michel-Édouard Féret, co-author of the "Féret" 1846 i.e. Cocks & Féret wine guide
Paul Féret (active 1984–?s), French tennis player
René Féret (1860-1947), director of the Ponts et Chaussées Laboratory in Boulogne (destroyed in 1942), best known for the relationship between the water-cement ratio (w/c) and the compressive strength of the concrete
René Féret (1945–2015), French film director and actor
Marie Féret, French actress in Mozart's sister
Julien Féret (born 1982), French footballer
Daniel Féret (born 1944), Belgian politician, founder of the National Front
Other uses
Cocks & Féret, or Féret, the colloquial name of a Bordeaux wine created by Charles Cocks and Michel-Édouard Féret
Feret diameter, a measure of an object size
See also
Ferret (disambiguation)
French-language surnames
Bianca Ryan is the debut album from America's Got Talent season 1 winner of the same name. Bianca Ryan was part of a five-record deal signed by Ryan and SYCOmusic in 2006, and features cover versions of "The Rose" and "I Believe I Can Fly" and original songs like "I Wish That" and "Pray for a Better Day".
The album debuted at no. 57 on the Billboard top 200 albums chart, selling over 200,000 copies worldwide. It produced two singles, "You Light Up My Life" and "Why Couldn't It Be Christmas Every Day?"
Album and singles
One week after she won America's Got Talent, Bianca Ryan announced on her website that she had flown to New York to meet with representatives from a record label and some of the recording industry's top songwriters. The following month, Ryan was in Los Angeles for the recording sessions. Bianca Ryan was released on November 14, 2006; it debuted and peaked at no. 57 on the Billboard top 200 albums chart.
A video for "You Light Up My Life" also was released in November. "Why Couldn't It Be Christmas Every Day?" was not an official single release by Columbia Records, but radio stations in several countries played the song in 2006 as part of their Christmas-themed programming. The song reached no. 15 on the official Dutch Top 40. A longer remix was included on the promotional EP Christmas Everyday!
Critical reception
Matt Collar of AllMusic said that the arrangements were "grandiose" for someone of Ryan's age, but they were "more than matched by her truly impressive vocal talent." Los Angeles Daily News reviewer Sandra Barrera wrote that Ryan handled the songs "like the old pro that her big, powerful voice makes you think she is".
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2006 debut albums
Bianca Ryan albums
Columbia Records albums
Syco Music albums
Robert Russell Whittaker (born September 18, 1939) is a former U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Early life
Whittaker was born in Eureka, Kansas and was educated in the Greenwood County public schools. He attended the University of Kansas from 1957 to 1959, and Emporia State University during the summer of 1959. Whittaker earned his Doctor of Optometry degree (O.D.) from Illinois College of Optometry in 1962, and began practice as an optometrist. He was clinic director for the Kansas Low Vision Clinic in 1973.
Career
Whittaker's first foray into politics was as precinct committeeman and member of the city planning commission from 1970 to 1974. He served in the Kansas House of Representatives from 1974 to 1977.
Whittaker was elected as a Republican to the Ninety-sixth and to the five succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1979 – January 3, 1991). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1990 to the One Hundred Second Congress. He is a resident of Colorado Springs, Colorado.
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
People from Augusta, Kansas
People from Eureka, Kansas
American optometrists
University of Kansas alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
The Talimena Scenic Drive is a National Scenic Byway in southeastern Oklahoma and extreme western Arkansas spanning a stretch of Oklahoma State Highway 1 (SH-1) and Arkansas Highway 88 (AR 88) from Talihina, Oklahoma, to Mena, Arkansas.
Route description
Designated a National Scenic Byway by the America's Byway Program in 2005, the road travels within the Ouachita National Forest along the highest peaks of the Winding Stair Mountains, part of the Ouachita Mountain chain, including the second tallest peak in Arkansas, Rich Mountain, in elevation. Many of the forests along these ridges, stunted and of little commercial value, were never logged and are old growth. The two-lane road features hiking trails beginning at various points along its stretch and 22 scenic vista pull-outs. There are at least 13% hill grades along the route.
History
The current route opened in 1969 and formed a stretch of what would become Oklahoma State Highway 1. In this case, the number 1 was assigned due to the scenery along the highway. It was dedicated on June 7, 1970 by Lucy Baines Johnson-Nugent, the daughter of U.S. president Lyndon B. Johnson.
The roadway was designated as a National Forest Scenic Byway on February 8, 1989. It was later made an Arkansas State Scenic Byway on January 7, 1998, and an Oklahoma State Scenic Byway on October 10, 2002. The National Scenic Byway status was conferred on September 22, 2005.
References
External links
Talimena Scenic Drive Association
Twisties of the Talimena Drive
Protected areas of the U.S. Interior Highlands
Arkansas Scenic Byways
Roads in Oklahoma
National Scenic Byways
National Forest Scenic Byways
Ouachita National Forest
1969 establishments in Arkansas
1969 establishments in Oklahoma
Nikanor plc was a publicly quoted holding company for Global Enterprises Corporate (GEC) with assets in the rich Copperbelt region in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
Nikanor plc was incorporated in 2006 with its registered head office in Douglas, Isle of Man. Nikanor's stock was listed on the London Stock Exchange's (LSE) Alternative Investment Market in London in July 2006. The initial public offering (IPO) raised US$400 million, and Nikanor's market capitalization reached $1.5 billion.
The senior management team of Nikanor included Emile Mota and Simon Tuma-Waku, who were the chief of staff and Minister of Mines and Energy under DRC President Joseph Kabila. According to Mining Journal, Kabila promulgated the new mining code in 2002.
In May 2007, Beny Steinmetz, Dan Gertler and the Gertler Group, Nikanor's three main stakeholders, launched a hostile take over bid for Nikanor. The bid valued Nikanor's shares at £6.00, the price when it floated, and was presented by the Cosaf Ltd consortium
(which also includes the Swiss trader and Gertler's long-time associate, Glencore International AG and UK equity fund, RP Capital Partners). The bid was opposed by those shareholders in Nikanor not involved in the bid.
In January 2008, Nikanor was merged into Katanga Mining Limited. Katanga Mining Company (KMC) paid $452 million to Nikanor shareholders. Nikanor planned on participating in the consolidation of the companies operating in the Zambian–DRC Copperbelt region.
In a 2011 article by Reuters, journalists described how Glencore and Dan Gertler partnered in Nikanor from 2007 until its final merger with Katanga Mining.
Timeline
Timeline summary of transactions:
October 7, 1996: New Inca Gold Ltd corporation was incorporated under the Laws of Bermuda.
March 2004: Dan Gertler of Dan Gertler International, a diamond dealer and close friend of DRC President Joseph Kabila, in partnership with Beny Steinmetz Global, founded a firm named Global Enterprises Corporate (GEC), which engaged in copper and cobalt refining activities.
May 5, 2004: GEC signed a preliminary agreement with the DRC's state-owned la Générale des Carrières et des Mines, Gécamines.
July 8, 2004: New Inca Gold Ltd Corporation consolidated its common shares on a ten-for-one basis and changed its name to Balloch Resources Ltd.
September 9, 2004: GEC signed a joint-venture agreement with Gécamines to rehabilitate and operate the Kananga and Tilwezembe mines. The deal was ratified by Kabila's presidential decree. The final joint-venture structure was held 75% by GEC and 25% by Gécamines, with GEC undertaking to invest $300–400 million in a new leaching plant, with projected output to reach 200,000 tons of copper a year.
2005: Bloomberg Business Week reported that Global Enterprises Corporate Limited was founded in 2005 and was based in the British Virgin Islands.
Summer 2005: Gécamines granted management of a refining plant at Luilu to George Forrest's Kinross-Forrest subsidiary. In September, they reached an agreement with GEC to share the refinery, the only one in the region. It was rumored that Gertler had used pressure from Kabila to obtain the concession.
November 30, 2005: Balloch Resources Ltd Corporation (formerly New Inca Gold Ltd) changed its name to Katanga Mining Limited.
July 17, 2006: GEC became a subsidiary of Katanga Mining Limited.
2006: GEC and Gécamines formed a subsidiary named DRC Copper and Cobalt Project (DCP), 75% owned by GEC and 25% by Gécamines. Exploitation permits for their assets were transferred to DCP. Gertler and Steinmetz placed GEC's 75% share in KOV (Komoto Oliveira Virgule), an open cast copper-cobalt project including the Tilwezembe and Kananga deposits and the Kolwesi concentrator, into Nikanor plc, registered in the Isle of Man.
July 2006: Nikanor plc was incorporated with its registered head office in Douglas, UK. Nikanor's stock was listed on the LSE's Alternative Investment Market. The IPO raised $400 million, and Nikanor's market capitalization reached $1.5 billion.
February 2007: Mining entrepreneur Moise Katumbi was elected governor of Katanga Province.
February 2007: KMC signed a $30 million sub-contracting agreement with Nikanor plc, for the construction of a plant to process copper and cobalt.
2007: Bateman Engineering's feasibility study showed that the overall cost of rehabilitating KOV had grown from $1.3 billion to $1.6 billion.
April 2007: capital expenditure on stage one of the KOV project was estimated at $1.6 billion, and total required funding was estimated at $1.8 billion. By this time the company's market capitalization had fallen to £517 million.
May 2007: A meeting of Nikanor shareholders was proposed to examine a proposal to raise between $450 and $650 million.
May 2007: Beny Steinmetz, Dan Gertler and the Gertler Group, Nikanor's three main stakeholders, launched a hostile takeover bid for Nikanor.
June 1, 2007: Nikanor announced a placement, structured and managed by RP Capital, to raise £372 million. The placing was partially subscribed by Ruwenzori Ltd, a special purpose vehicle (SPV) established by RP Capital.
June 2007?: Nikanor's stock fell following the announcement that it would issue 62 million new shares to raise £372 million towards developing its KOV mine.
June 2007: Nikanor announced that Glencore would purchase half of the new 62 million shares issued. Glencore agreed to buy the entire copper and cobalt production at its DRC project.
January 2008: KMC acquired Nikanor plc for $452 million.
February 2008: It was confirmed that Katanga Mining was selling Dikuluwe Mine and Mashamba West to Gécamines for $825 million. There had been speculation since KMC took over Nikanor that the Dikuluwe and Mashamba West deposits were being transferred to Gécamines, and would be exploited by a joint venture between Gécamines and a Chinese consortium.
Nikanor plc and DRC Copper and Cobalt Project (DCP)
On September 9, 2004, GEC signed a joint-venture (JV) agreement with the state-owned Gécamines to rehabilitate and operate the Kananga and Tilwezembe mines. The deal was ratified by Joseph Kabila's presidential decree. The final joint-venture structure was held 75% by GEC and 25% by Gécamines, with GEC undertaking to invest $300–400 million in a new leaching plant, with projected output to reach 200,000 tons of copper a year, based on its interests in the huge KOV (Komoto Oliveira Virgule). GEC and Gécamines formed a subsidiary named DRC Copper and Cobalt Project (DCP), 75% owned by Global Enterprises Corporate Ltd. and 25% by Gécamines, with properties located next to Katanga Mining's properties near Kolwezi.
Nikanor plc and KOV (Komoto Oliveira Virgule)
KOV (Komoto Oliveira Virgule) is a "massive open cast copper-cobalt project comprising the world-class assets Tilwezembe and Kananga deposits and the Kolwesi concentrator in the DRC's Katanga province." In 2006, exploitation permits for the assets were transferred to the companies' subsidiary, DCP. Gertler and Steinmetz placed GEC's 75% share of KOV into Nikanor plc, registered in the Isle of Man.
Nikanor and Katanga Mining Limited
In January 2008, Nikanor was merged into Katanga Mining Limited, when the latter acquired it for $452 million. Katanga Mining Limited operates a major mine complex in the DRC producing refined copper and cobalt with the "potential of becoming Africa's largest copper producer and the world's largest cobalt producer." Katanga paid $452 million in cash to Nikanor shareholders. Nikanor planned on participating in the consolidation of the companies operating in the Zambian–DRC Copperbelt region.
See also
List of mining companies
Mining in Africa
Notes
References
External links
Glencore, official website
RP Capital Group Investments, official website
2006 establishments in the Isle of Man
Companies formerly listed on the Alternative Investment Market
Mining companies of the Isle of Man
Holding companies established in 2006
Mining in Katanga Province
Copper mining in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Davidson's Mains is a former village and now a district in the north-west of Edinburgh, Scotland. It is adjacent to the districts of Barnton, Cramond, Silverknowes, Blackhall and Corbiehill/House O'Hill. It was absorbed into Edinburgh as part of the boundary changes in 1920 and is part of the EH4 postcode area.
Locals sometimes abbreviate the name to D'Mains.
Etymology
The place is named after William Davidson, a wealthy merchant who bought Muirhouse, east of the district, in 1776. A main are Lowland Scots for an estate farm or home farm.
Prior to the 19th century, it was known as Muttonhole. Locals continued to use this name until at least 1860. The origin of this name is unknown, though it perhaps refers to the local sheep farming industry.
Muttonhole could also be derived from mort-toun-hole, another name for a "murder hole" (drowning pit).
History
The original village runs east-west and is still identifiable as the original village, with a series of modest cottages on each side of the road. Quality Street was added in 1827, designed by James Gillespie Graham. The church on Quality Street was built as Cramond Free Church in 1843 and is by David Cousin. The railway arrived late in 1894 but spurred villa development to the north and north-west.
Description
Within the district there is a variety of shops and businesses, ranging from cobblers to large supermarkets, as well as food outlets of various kinds. The district is also served by four churches, a Tesco, 2 veterinary surgery, a doctor's surgery, two dental surgeries, the Corbie and other takeaways, a primary school and a Greggs. The state secondary school that serves the area is the Royal High School. Davidson's Mains Park is near the high school which has a play park and a football pitch.
Public Transport
Davidson's Mains railway station closed in 1951 prior to the Beeching cuts due to underuse. The area lay beyond the Edinburgh tram network.
The district is currently served by two bus routes run by Lothian Buses: the 21, which travels to the Gyle Centre via Clermiston and to Leith in the other direction; and the 41, which travels from Cramond to Morningside.
References
External links
Davidson's Mains Parish Church (Church of Scotland)
Church of the Holy Cross Davidson's Mains (Scottish Episcopal)
Areas of Edinburgh
Mohabbat Mushkil Hai (lit: Love is difficult) premiered on 3 July 2017 on Hum TV as a daily soap at the 7pm slot as Sangsar was moved to 7:30pm to accommodate the end of soap 'Jithani'. It originally ran on sister channel Hum Sitaray at the end of 2015, as an unfinished serial of 20 episodes titled 'Naa Dil Deti' (similar to the life of Zindagi Tujh Ko Jiya).
Plot
Mohabbat Mushkil Hai' is a story that highlights the effects of century's old custom “watta satta,” on the lives of two young girls Uroosa and Aqsa. The story of 'Mohabbat Mushkil Hai' mainly revolves around Uroosa and Saqib who love each other, yet Saqib is forced by his parents to marry his cousin, so that Saqib's sister could be married to Saqib's to be brother-in-law. On the other hand, Saqib's mother trapped Uroosa into believe that there's no other way to save Saqib from trouble by protecting Saqib's sister's marriage, Uroosa decides to sacrifice her love. Will this sacrifice safe Saqib's troubled life? Will Saqib forego his right to choose his own life partner?
Cast
Main
Anum Fayyaz as Uroosa
Humayun Ashraf as Saqib
Anoushay Abbasi as Aqsa
Kiran Tabeir as Maham
Imran Ashraf as Zain
Saba Hameed as Asma
Shaheen Khan as Riffat
Nasreen Qureshi
Pakistani drama television series
2017 Pakistani television series debuts
2017 Pakistani television series endings
Urdu-language television shows
Hum TV original programming
Morocco in Diplomacy was a book written by Edmund Dene Morel and first published by Smith, Elder & Co. in London, 1912. It received limited circulation although Morel believed it was read in influential circles.
However, following the outbreak of the First World War, it was republished as Ten Years of Secret Diplomacy: An Unheeded Warning by the National Labour Press in five large editions between March 1914 in July 1918.
External links
Archive.org Full text scan
Political books
Smith, Elder & Co books
The Stauffacherin (sometimes given the names Gertrud Stauffacher, Hedwig Stauffacher, or Hanna Stauffacher) is a Swiss legendary figure. According to Swiss folklore, she was the wife of Werner Stauffacher, the Landammann of the Canton of Schwyz and a founding father of the Old Swiss Confederacy. She was depicted in Friedrich Schiller's 1804 play William Tell as an advisor to her husband, advocating for Swiss independence from Habsburg rule. The image of the Stauffacherin, often viewed as the feminine counterpart to Wilhelm Tell, has become a symbol for Swiss national pride, democracy, and women's suffrage.
Legend and portrayal
The Stauffacher family are identified with the town of Steinen bei Schwyz, with the name appearing in documents there around 1300. The Stauffacherin does not have her own given name in the original Swiss legend, but is identified as the wife of the Landammann of Schwyz, Werner Stauffacher. She is first mentioned around 1470 in the White Book of Sarnen as an unnamed advisor to her husband who encouraged him to assist in founding the Old Swiss Confederacy. In 1788 she appeared in the Historical Dictionary of Switzerland. The Stauffacherin first appears in the legend when the Austrian bailiff threatens her husband after he built a stone house, which peasants were not allowed to have. She defends her husbands work, and insists that God will look after them. Together with the mountain farmers of Uri and Unterwalden, the Stauffachers defended the valleys of Schwyz from Austrian forces and contributed towards Swiss independence. According to the legend, she inspires her husband to take part in the Rütlischwur.
In the 1804 play William Tell by Friedrich Schiller, she is given the name Gertrud Stauffacher. In the play, the Stauffacherin advises her husband, after his meeting with the Imperial Bailiff Albrecht Gessler, and advises him to take action towards independence from Habsburg rule. She makes a strong impression with her husband, stating that she is prepared to accept war, ruin, and even death for the cause, telling Stauffacher, "Look forward, Werner, and not behind you." In the 2013 historical drama television series Die Schweizer, she is given the name Hanna Stauffacher. She has also been referred to as Hedwig Stauffacher.
In Gottfried Keller's 1874 novella The Lost Laughter, the character Gertrud Glor von Schwanau is called "a Stauffacherin", as the name "denoted the ideal of a clever and strong Swiss woman, a star and ornament of the house and consolation of the Fatherland."
In 1896 at the first Swiss Women's Congress, a women's committee in Bern was commissioned to create a stone memorial for the Stauffacherin. In 1898 the sculptor Max Leu submitted a design in the German journal Die Gartenlaube. In his representation of her, the Stauffacherin towers over her husband and had the inscription Look forward, Werner. The design was never brought into fruition due to a lack of funds for the project. In 1902 the statue of Stauffacherin, designed by Antonio and Giuseppe Chiattone, was placed in the chamber of the National Council in the Federal Palace of Switzerland, honored as the "bearer of the idea" for independence, alongside Wilhelm Tell.
Since 1892 a sculpture of the Stauffacherin by Josef Rickenbauer has stood in Steinen.
In 1899 the Union of Young Stauffacherinnen was created in order to educate and provide opportunities to disadvantaged and impoverished young women. The union, funded by donations, provided educational courses in character and manners, ethics, religion, and art. In 1922, the Stauffacherinnenbund Thalwil was founded in Thalwil as a non-profit organization. In Zürich, near Stauffacherstrasse, there is an organization called the Haus zur Stauffacherin that opened in 1938 to help women.
In 1891, on the occasion of the first celebration of Swiss National Day, Ferdinand Wagner painted a depiction of the Stauffacherin, Werner Stauffacher, and the Bailiff Gessler on the
façade of the Town Hall of Schwyz.
In the 1923 silent film William Tell, she is portrayed by Agnes Straub. She is played by Franziska Kinz in the 1934 film William Tell.
In 1934 the historian Maria Waser praised the Stauffacherin as "proud and indomintable" and for her "love of freedom".
In 2004 the historian Elisabeth Joris, a specialist in gender history, gave a lecture about the "unequal career" between Wilhelm Tell and Gertrud Stauffacher.
References
13th-century women of the Holy Roman Empire
14th century in the Old Swiss Confederacy
Folk saints
Historiography of Switzerland
Liberty symbols
National symbols of Switzerland
William Tell
Women of medieval Switzerland
Women's suffrage in Switzerland
Legendary Swiss people
Life & Death is the debut studio album by Thud, released in 1992 by Fifth Colvmn Records. In April 2015 the lead track "Ventilator" was played on Diane's Kamikaze Fun Machine: Playlist on WMUC-FM.
Reception
AllMusic gave Life & Death gave three out of five possible stars. Fabryka Music Magazine awarded the album a flawless rating of four out of four stars, describing it as "heaviest Fifth Colvmn album" and "a violent assault of great rock and heavy metal."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Life & Death liner notes.
Thud
Robert Dotolo – lead vocals, guitars, production, mixing
Gregg Hudson – drums, backing vocals
Chris Rasley – bass guitar, guitar (1)
Adam Rutland – guitar, backing vocals
Additional performers
Eli Janney – engineering, piano (3)
Barrett Jones – production, mixing, backing vocals (7)
Jared Louche – production, mixing, additional guitar (1)
Production and design
Craig Albertson (at CyberGrafiks) – photography
Zalman Fishman – executive-producer
Dave Harris – mastering
Phil Merkle – cover art
Nikolas H. Huffman – design
Release history
References
External links
Life & Death at Discogs (list of releases)
Life & Death at iTunes
1992 debut albums
Thud (band) albums
Fifth Colvmn Records albums
Lauren Alexandra Taylor (born June 16, 1998) is an American actress and singer. She is known for playing one of the lead characters, Shelby, on the 2015–2016 Disney Channel comedy series Best Friends Whenever. Taylor previously starred as Harper, Richie's older sister in the 2015 Netflix series Richie Rich.
Life and career
Taylor was born in Littleton, Colorado and grew up in San Diego, California.
At the age of fourteen she opened for Wilson Phillips; she has also opened for Michael Bolton, Vanessa Williams, and Debbie Gibson. She is a regular at the House of Blues San Diego and House of Blues Sunset, and was one of the opening acts at the San Diego County Fair in Del Mar in 2015.
Taylor has two brothers who are twins. In 2016, she was living with her mother and brothers in Southern California.
Filmography
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People from Littleton, Colorado
American child actresses
American television actresses
American child singers
21st-century American actresses
21st-century American singers
Actresses from San Diego
Musicians from San Diego
Singers from California
21st-century American women singers
Singers from Colorado
The Fugard Theatre, also known as The Fugard, was opened in the District Six area of Cape Town, South Africa in February 2010. The site is currently managed by the District Six Museum Board following the theatre's official closure in March 2021, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
History
Following the Laurence Olivier Award-winning revival of The Magic Flute starring South African performers of Mark Dornford-May's Isango Portobello, Eric Abraham wanted to create a space in Cape Town to house South African talent. Abraham underwrote the construction of the theatre, naming it after Athol Fugard. Developed with Dornford-May and Mannie Manim, Rennie Scurr Adendorff began renovating the National Heritage listed neo-Gothic Congregational Church Hall and two former warehouses, including the Sacks Futeran building, in September 2009.
Politicians such as Kgalema Motlanthe and Trevor Manuel as well as actors such as Alan Rickman and Janet Suzman attended the grand opening in February 2010. Fugard himself premiered his play The Train Driver at the Fugard in March 2010. The Fugard became a venue that hosted plays, musicals, operas, and cinema and book events such as film premieres and the Open Book Festival.
Abraham, with Daniel Galloway as the Managing Director & Producer (December 2010 to January 2020), ran the Fugard as a philanthropic endeavor. After announcing a temporary closure, owing to the Covid-19 Pandemic, in March 2020, the theatre offered online streaming performances overseen by then newly appointed General Manager Lamees Albertus and Artistic Director, Greg Karvellas. However, the financial losses became too great, and there was little confidence it would be safe enough to reopen soon or that it would receive support from the government. Abraham announced in March 2021 that the theatre would be closing and the building would be handed back to the District Six Museum Board, whom Abraham hoped would find use out of the space.
"Another icon has fallen", John Kani wrote of the closure, and Lebo Mashile called it a "painful death". Many in the artistic community, the press, and the EFF called on Minister of Arts and Culture Nathi Mthethwa to do more to support the sector. Board Chair Siraj Desai stated a search for new tenants was underway.
References
Cape Town culture
Former churches
Former theatres
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the performing arts
Theatres in South Africa
2021 disestablishments in South Africa
This is an incomplete list of currently operating carsharing organizations. Carsharing is model of car rental where people rent cars for short periods of time, often by the hour or minute.
Defunct services
Autolib'
car2go
City CarShare
DriveNow
Flexcar
I-GO
JustShareIt
Maven
PhillyCarShare
ReachNow
Streetcar
Tilden Rent-a-Car
Whizzgo
See also
Sharing economy
Alternatives to car use
Car rental
Carpool
Fleet vehicle
References
Carsharing
Sustainable transport
This is a list of the judgments given by the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in the year 2017. 5 cases have been decided as of 25 January 2017 and these are ordered by neutral citation.
In 2017 Lord Neuberger is the President of the Supreme Court, Lady Hale is the Deputy President.
The table lists judgments made by the court and the opinions of the judges in each case. Judges are treated as having concurred in another's judgment when they either formally attach themselves to the judgment of another or speak only to acknowledge their concurrence with one or more judges. Any judgment which reaches a conclusion which differs from the majority on one or more major points of the appeal has been treated as dissent.
All dates are for 2017 unless expressly stated otherwise.
Table key
2017 Judgments
Notes
External links
Supreme Court decided cases (2017)
Supreme Court of the United Kingdom cases
Supreme Court
Supreme Court of the United Kingdom
United Kingdom law-related lists
Kari-Lynn Winters, née Moore (born 1969) is an award-winning Canadian children's author, playwright, drama educator, and literacy professor. She taught children's literacy, literature, dance and drama education at the University of British Columbia from 2004 to 2009. In 2010 Winters assumed the post of Assistant Professor in the Faculty of Education at Brock University (Ontario) and co-editor of Teaching and Learning. She advanced to the position of Associate Professor in 2014, and to Full Professor in 2021.
Biography
Born in St. Thomas, Ontario, Winters has studied or taught in schools across North America. Her master's thesis "Developing an Arts-Integrated Narrative Reading Comprehension Program for Less Proficient Grade 3 and 4 Students," on exploring the efficacy of using the arts to strengthen less proficient students' reading comprehension, was selected as best Master's Thesis in Literacy in Canada, 2005. Winters completed her PhD from the University of British Columbia in 2009 with a dissertation entitled "Authorship as Assemblage: Multimodal Literacies of Play, Literature, and Drama." She also holds a teaching degree from the University of Toronto, in regular and special education for children ages 3–13. She is also a graduate of the National Theatre School of Canada, where she earned a certificate in technical theatre. Her dramatic work included writing scripts for and performing with Vancouver's theatre-for-literacy troupes Carousel Theatre and Tickle Trunk Players.
Winters has published numerous award-winning children's books, children's non-fiction articles, and academic articles, and has herself won multiple Excellence in Teaching awards and won the St. Catharines Arts Awards 2016 "Emerging Artist Award" and the St. Catharines Arts Educator Award in 2020.
She says she didn't always consider herself a writer; many of her elementary school years were spent either resisting composition or struggling to write. Her current work explores how she came to appreciate storytelling and children's literature and eventually became a writer herself, and ways to effect a similar transformation in her students. Winters has been featured in radio and newspaper interviews and her academic work has been cited by other literacy researchers.
From 2010 to 2012 Winters expanded her work to educational activism, from organizing an annual "Arts Matters" educational conference to raising funds for girls' education in Africa. Proceeds from her book Gift Days are being used to support the charity Because I am a Girl, a movement to "unleash" the power of girls and women in the developing world through education and women's rights; at its book launch in November 2012, enough money was raised to send 10 girls to school in Uganda for a year. By 2020 she had twenty-nine books published or press.
Books (selected)
Jeffrey and Sloth (Orca Book Publishers, 2007)
When Chickens Fly (Gumboot Books, 2009)
On My Walk (Tradewind Books, 2009)
On My Swim (Tradewind Books, 2018)
On My Bike (Tradewind Books, 2017)
On My Skis (Tradewind Books, 2016)
Runaway Alphabet (Simply Read Books, 2010)
aRHYTHMetic: A book and a half of poetry about math, by K. Winters, T. Stone, and L. Sherritt-Fleming, ill by S. Ritchie (Gumboot Books, 2009; Tickle Trunk Publications, 2011)
aRYTHMétique, adapted by Christine Jutras-Tarakdjian (Gumboot, 2009; Tickle Trunk Publications, 2011)
Gift Days (Fitzhenry & Whiteside, 2012)
Buzz about Bees (Fitzhenry & Whiteside, 2013)
Stinky Skunk Mel (Simply Read Books, 2014)
No-Matter-What Friend (Tradewind Books, 2014)
Hungry for Math: Poems to Munch On (Fitzhenry & Whiteside, 2014)
Bite into Bloodsuckers (Fitzhenry & Whiteside, 2015)
Bad Pirate (Pajama Press, 2015)
Good Pirate (Pajama Press, 2016)
French Toast (Pajama Press, 2016)
Let's Play a Hockey Game (Scholastic, 2016)
Hungry for Science: Poems to Cunch On (Fitzhenry & Whiteside, 2018)
Hungry for The Arts: Poems to Chomp On (Fitzhenry & Whiteside, 2021)
On the Line (Pajama Press, 2021)
Just Bea (Tradewind Books, 2022)
Anthology contributions
"Rumors," in Stephen Rogers (ed.), My First Year in the Classroom: 50 Stories That Celebrate the Good, the Bad, and the Most Unforgettable Moments (Cincinnati: Adams Media, 2009)
"Rhyme or Reason," ill. by S. Ritchie, in World of Stories (Gumboot Books, 2008)
POETRY
"A Scientist Lives in Our Kitchen." Know Magazine, 9 (May/June, 2007), p. 18.
Journal articles (selected)
Winters, K. et al. (2017). "A Reason to Respond: Finding Agency Through the Arts." International Journal of Education & the Arts 18:25.
Winters, Kari-Lynn, Griffin, S. (2014). "Singing is a Celebration of Language: Using Music to Enhance Young Children's Vocabularies." Language and Literacy, 16(3), 78–91.
Wager, A. & Winters, K. (2012). "Expanding Educators' Awareness of Youth Homelessness through Critical Dramatic Inquiry." In Teaching and Learning 7(3).
Winters, K. et al. (2010). "From image to ideology: analysing shifting identity positions of marginalized youth across the cultural sites of video production" In Pedagogies: An International Journal, 5(4), 298–312.
This article was later selected among Pedagogies 10th anniversary "Top Articles."
Winters, K. (2010). "Quilts of authorship: A literature review of multimodal assemblage in the field of literacy education." In Canadian Journal for New Scholars in Education, 3(1).
Winters, Kari-Lynn, Belliveau, George, & Sherritt-Fleming, Lori. (Spring, 2009). "Shifting identities, literacy, and a/r/t/ography: Exploring an educational theatre company." Language and Literacy, 11(1).
Rogers, Theresa, Winters, Kari-Lynn, Bryan, G., Price, J., McCormick, F., House, L., Mezzarobba, D., & Sinclaire, C. (March, 2009). "Developing the IRIS: Toward Situated and Valid Assessment Measures in Collaborative Professional Development and School Reform in Literacy." The Reading Teacher, 59(6), 544–553.
Winters, K. "Letting Arnold Lobel Pack My Luggage". (Spring 2006) The Dragon Lode: Journal of the Children's Literature and Reading Special Interest Group, International Reading Association, 24(2) 46–50.
Children's non-fiction articles (selected)
"Honey, I Shrunk My Liver." Know Magazine, 6 (Nov/Dec 2006), p. 4.
"Monkeying Around with Perfume." Know Magazine, 9 (May/June, 2007), p. 3.
"Measure Me A Measurement." Know Magazine, 11 (September/October, 2007), p. 18.
"Colorful Mistakes." Fandangle Magazine for Children, (September, 2007).
Children's fiction articles (selected)
"Jeffrey's Wor(l)ds Meet Sloth," illustrated by Oana Capota. Chameleon Magazine, 2:1, 24-28 (2004).
"Esper's Dream," illustrated by Tami Thirlwell. Chameleon Magazine, 3:1, 24-28 (2006).
"Extreme Rollers." ChickaDEE Magazine, (January, 2008)
"The Mightiest of All." Know Magazine, ( January, 2008)
Academic books
Winters, K. (2010). Beyond Words: Using the Arts to Enhance Early Reading Comprehension. Birmingham, AL: Look Again Press. Available online.
Rogers, T., Winters, K., Perry, M., & LaMonde, A. (2014). Youth, Critical Literacies, and Civic Engagement: Arts, Media, and Literacy in the Lives of Adolescents. New York: Routledge.
Academic book articles (selected)
Winters, K. Rogers, T., Schofield, A (2006). "The Antigone Project: Exploring the Imaginative, Active, and Social Dimensions of Drama, Print Literacy, and Media." In Crumpler T., Schneider, J., and Rogers, T. (eds.). Process Drama: an Educational Tool for Developing Multiple Literacies. Portsmouth, NH: Heinemann.
Winters, K. and Rogers, T. (2010). "Textual Play, Satire, and Counter Discourses of Street Youth Zining Practices." In Alvermann, D. (ed.) Adolescents' Online Literacies: Connecting Classrooms, Digital Media, and Popular Culture (New Literacies and Digital Epistemologies), pp. 91–108. New York: Peter Lang Publishing.
Conference papers cited in third-party publications
Rogers, T. and Winters, K. (2008). "Within 14 blocks: Zining with street youth in the YouthCLAIM project." Presented at the National Reading Conference. Orlando, FL.
Rogers, T., Winters, K., Perry, M., & LaMonde, A. (2009). "The YouthCLAIM project: Researching critical literacies and arts-integrated media production among youth in classroom and community sites." Presented at the annual meeting of American Educational Research Association. San Diego, CA.
Education
1992: Honours Bachelor of Arts, Theatre, Brock University, St. Catharines Ontario
1994: Theatre Technician Certificate, National Theatre School, Montreal
1998: Diploma in Child Study (Master's equivalent), Institute of Child Study, University of Toronto (OISE/UT)
1998: Ontario Certificate of Qualification (Primary/Junior)
2004: Master of Arts, Language and Literacy Education, University of British Columbia
2009: Doctor of Philosophy, Language and Literacy Education, UBC
External links
Brock University faculty page
Kari-Lynn Winters personal website
"Developing the IRIS: Toward Situated and Valid Assessment Measures in Collaborative Professional Development and School Reform in Literacy"
"Esper's Dream"
"Jeffrey's Wor(l)ds Meet Sloth"
Orca Book Publishers' Jeffrey and Sloth page
Tickle Trunk Players literacy drama troupe
Notes
1969 births
Living people
People from St. Thomas, Ontario
Brock University faculty
University of British Columbia faculty
Canadian children's writers
21st-century Canadian women writers
Canadian women children's writers
Cameron Charles Beaubier (born December 6, 1992) is an American motorcycle racer. He won the MotoAmerica championship 5 times. In 2022 he rides a Kalex in the Moto2 World Championship.
Career
Early career
After competing in the 2007 Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup, Beaubier was selected to join the Red Bull MotoGP Academy; in 2008 he raced in the 125cc Spanish CEV Championship and in he had a full season in the 125cc World Championship. During this time he was a teammate of future MotoGP champion Marc Marquez.
Racing in America
Beaubier then returned to America, where he contested the AMA Supersport East Championship in 2010 and the AMA Pro Daytona Sportbike Championship from 2011 to 2013, where he won the title and the Daytona 200 race. From 2014, Beaubier competed in the AMA Superbike Championship, winning the championship five times—2015, 2016, 2018, 2019 and 2020 with the new series promoter, Wayne Rainey, and Dorna's MotoAmerica organization.
In 2016, Beaubier was a guest instructor at the Yamaha Champions Riding School.
Return to Grand Prix motorcycle racing
After dominating the 2020 MotoAmerica Honos Superbike Championship Beaubier signed a two year deal to race in the Moto2 World Championship for American Racing, marking his return to Grand Prix racing and replacing fellow American Joe Roberts. He is coached by American Racing team manager, former MotoGP rider Johns Hopkins.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
By class
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* Season still in progress.
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
American motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Roseville, California
AMA Superbike Championship riders
Superbike World Championship riders
Moto2 World Championship riders
Matt Finkes Matthew Scott "Matt" Finkes (born February 12, 1975) is an American former professional football defensive end who played in the NFL for the New York Jets in 1997.
References
Living people
1975 births
New York Jets players
American football defensive ends
Players of American football from Ohio
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
People from Piqua, Ohio
Princesse El Materi Holding was a company created by the Tunisian businessman Sakher El Materi, the son-in-law of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who was President of Tunisia until 2011. Princesse El Materi Holdings used nepotism and improper money to acquire illegitimate businesses.
Under Ben Ali's rule, the company become one of the largest conglomerates in Tunisia. It actively held companies in six different industry sectors, including News and Media, Banking and Financial Services, Automotive, Shipping and Cruises, Real Estate and Agriculture. On November 22, 2010, the group also diversified into the Telecommunication industry.
History
Princesse El Materi Holding's first acquisition was the company Ennakl, the importer of Volkswagen to Tunisia, for a reputed 22 million dinars. Shortly after, he started an all-round modernization of the company with an aggressive marketing campaign and heavy investment. The car dealership, which was previously in very poor condition, has since become, as of 2007, the second largest importer of Volkswagen vehicles into Africa. The company has started the marketing of new brands such as Audi, Porsche and Seat, positioning itself as the largest provider of commercial and passenger vehicles to the Tunisian market, with a turnover of more than 300 million dinars, roughly the equivalent of EUR 250 million. The company successfully launched a dual listing public offering to both the Tunisian and Moroccan Stock Exchange. The dual listing was a pioneering moment in the history of Tunisian companies, it is the first Tunisian company listed on more than one exchange.
With the success of Ennakl, Princesse El Materi Holdings announced the intention to import the Korean ‘Kia' brand and has opened ‘City Car Kia Motors' as a vehicle for the imports.
Princesse El Materi Holdings further entered the Cruiseline industry with ‘Goulette Shipping Cruises (SAG)'. The company opened the expanded port of Tunis: La Goulette, a terminal for cruise passengers. The expansion of the port and construction of the passenger terminal is reported to have cost 80 million dinars. Princess Holding has two other companies closely linked to the activities of SAG: Goulette Shipping Services maintains cruise ships and Cruise Tours agency organizes tours for cruise passengers.
In a move to continue the diversity of its holdings and further support the Tunisian economy, Princesse El Materi Holdings acquired a 70% majority share in the capital of “Dar Assabah”, a Tunisian press, printing, publishing, distribution and advertising company. Following the deal, Sakher El Materi, president of the company, said that “at a time when throughout the world, the press, are forced to merge to survive, I am here to give the group Assabah- Le Temps, the means of its ambitions“. El Materi added that his goal was to contribute to the quest for the truth and to contribute to the democratic climate in Tunisia. He stressed that his aim was to contribute to the Tunisian pluralistic media landscape with a stronger “Assabah-Le Temps Group, keen on innovation, more open to youth and more focused on issues of our time”.
In September 2007, Princesse El Materi Holdings launched the first Islamic private radio station: Zitouna FM (Zitouna is the name of a prestigious Mosque in Tunis), which broadcasts 24 hours a day and covers the entire territory of Tunisia. The station's deputy director Mohamed Machfar outlines the vision for the station: “the correct understanding and discussion of the Qur'an is the main subject of Radio Zitouna".
In January 2009 Princesse El Materi Holdings started its second business promoting the business sense of Islamic values. Said to be its most ambitious project yet, the group obtained the approval of the Tunisian monetary authorities to create Banque Zitouna the Islamic commercial bank specializing in Islamic finance (marketing of financial products respectful of the Sharia ). With a capital of 30 million dinars, its formation was announced by a publication in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Tunisia on 10 September 2009. Zitouna Bank, whose Arabic name is in reference to the olive tree, will provide services to individual customers, Tunisian and international enterprises and investors, as much as it will contribute to the country's development effort. Simultaneously the group is opening an insurance company carrying similar branding of: Zitouna Takafoul. Zitouna Bank was officially inaugurated on May 28, 2010.
In recognition of the success of the label Zitouna, The group entered the Agricultural industry by planting olive trees on a plot of 1,200 hectares. The project will introduce new varieties of olive never planted in Tunisia and will rely on new technologies in all phases of production.
On November 22, 2010, the group released a press statement that it has agreed to buy, along with Qatar Telecom QSC, Orascom Telecom Holding's 50 percent stake in Tunisiana for $1.2 billion.
References
External links
Princess Holdings El Materi official website
Sakher El Materi official website
Companies of Tunisia
Manasa Bari (born 27 May, 1974) is a Fijian former rugby union footballer and currently, coach. He played as wing.
Career
Bari was first capped Fiji during the test match against Samoa on 1 July 1995, in Apia. He played thirty matches for Fiji, including eight test matches, one of them being the 1999 Rugby World Cup match against France in Toulouse, on 16 October, being his last international cap.
Bari debuted playing for Fiji sevens in the 1994 Hong Kong Sevens. Two years later, he was called up for the 1997 Rugby World Cup Sevens, in which the Fijians proved unbeaten by winning the Melrose Cup for the first time. After the tournament, Post Fiji issued a series of stamps commemorating the winning team, which also featured Waisale Serevi, Taniela Qauqau, Jope Tuikabe, Leveni Duvuduvukula, Inoke Maraiwai, Aminiasi Naituyaga, Marika Vunibaka, Luke Erenavula and Lemeki Koroi. Eh also took part to the second stage of the Fijian campaign in the 1999-00 IRB Sevens World Series.
Bari worked as a police sergeant. He coached the Police sevens team and other local teams, at International level he is part of the training staff as assistant coach or as manager.
References
External links
Manasa Bari international statistics at ESPN Scrum
1974 births
Fijian rugby union players
Living people
Rugby union wings
Fiji international rugby union players
I-Taukei Fijian people
Highlanders (rugby union) players
Fijian rugby sevens players
People from Tavua, Fiji
Otago rugby union players
Duke Friedrich August of Oldenburg (11 January 19369 July 2017) was a member of the House of Holstein-Gottorp. He is a son of Nikolaus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg and Princess Helena of Waldeck and Pyrmont.
Family and early life
Frederich August is the sixth child and fourth son of Nikolaus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg and his first wife Princess Helena of Waldeck and Pyrmont. His paternal grandparents are Frederick Augustus II, Grand Duke of Oldenburg and Duchess Elisabeth Alexandrine of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. His maternal grandparents are Friedrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Princess Bathildis of Schaumburg-Lippe.
His grandfather was overthrown as Grand Duke of Oldenburg in 1918, at the end of World War I. His father Nikolaus thus never legally succeeded to the title when the deposed Grand Duke died in 1931. Friedrich is an uncle of Christian, Duke of Oldenburg, the current head of the House of Oldenburg.
Marriage and issue
Friedrich August's first wife was Princess Marie Cécile of Prussia. She was a daughter of Louis Ferdinand, Prince of Prussia (second son of William, German Crown Prince) and his wife, Grand Duchess Kira Kirillovna of Russia. They married in Berlin in a civil ceremony on 3 December 1965 and a religious ceremony the following day. He was working as an agricultural expert. The ceremony was the first Hohenzollern marriage in Berlin since 1913.
Friedrich August and Marie-Cécile have three children: a son, and two daughters. The three are detailed below:
Duke Paul-Wladimir Nikolaus Louis-Ferdinand Peter Max Karl-Emich of Oldenburg, born 16 August 1969 in Lübeck. He married Maria del Pilar Méndez de Vigo y Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg (b. 20 October 1970 in Madrid, the granddaughter of Karl, 8th Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg) in a civil ceremony on 18 January 2001 in Wertheim, and a religious ceremony on 20 January 2001 in Bronnbach an der Tauber. They have four sons and one daughter:
Duke Kirill Friedrich-August Jaime Cristobal Hermann Antonius Vincenz Josef Maria of Oldenburg, born 13 June 2002 in Berlin
Duke Carlos Jakobus Leo Wilfried Josef Maria of Oldenburg, born 19 April 2004 in Eutin
Duke Paul Marie of Oldenburg, born 8 September 2005.
Duchess Maria Assunta of Oldenburg, born 21 March 2007.
Duke Louis Ferdinand of Oldenburg, born 2012
Duchess Rixa Marie-Alix Kira Altburg of Oldenburg, born 17 September 1970 at Lübeck, married Stephan Sanders (b. 27 March 1964) at Hamburg on 13 October 2012
Duchess Bibiane Marie Alexandra Gertrud of Oldenburg, born 24 June 1974 at Oldenburg. She married Peter Dorner (b. 19 February 1972 at Wasserburg am Inn) in Meran on 22 May 2004. They have two daughters, Xenia and Rixa and a son Alexej.
Marie-Cécile and Friedrich August divorced on 23 November 1989. On 9 February 1991, Friedrich August was remarried to Donata Countess of Castell-Rüdenhausen in Rüdenhausen, Germany. She was the widow of Marie-Cécile's brother, Prince Louis Ferdinand of Prussia. Donata died at Traunstein on 5 September 2015 after a long illness.
Ancestry
References
1936 births
2017 deaths
People from Ammerland
Dukes of Oldenburg
People from Oldenburg (state)
Burials at the Ducal Mausoleum, Gertrudenfriedhof (Oldenburg)
Ilija Krstevski () (born 21 February 1993) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for PIF.
References
1993 births
Living people
Macedonian male handball players
Sportspeople from Skopje
Senator Engel may refer to:
Albert J. Engel (1888–1959), Michigan State Senate
L. Patrick Engel (born 1932), Nebraska State Senate
See also
Clair Engle (1911–1964), U.S. Senator from California from 1959 to 1964
Robinzine is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bill Robinzine (1953–1982), American basketball player
Kevin Robinzine (born 1966), American sprinter
The 2019–20 Biathlon World Cup – Relay Men started on Saturday 7 December 2019 in Östersund and finished on Saturday 7 March 2020 in Nové Město. The defending team was Norway.
Competition format
The relay teams consist of four biathletes. Every athlete's leg is skied over three laps for a total of , with two shooting rounds: one prone and one standing. For every round of five targets there are eight bullets available, though the last three can only be single-loaded manually from the spare round holders or from bullets deposited by the athlete into trays or onto the mat at the firing line. If after eight bullets there are still standing targets, one penalty loop must be taken for each remaining target. The first-leg participants start all at the same time, and as in cross-country skiing relays, every athlete of a team must touch the team's next-leg participant to perform a valid changeover. On the first shooting stage of the first leg, the participant must shoot in the lane corresponding to their bib number (bib #10 shoots at lane #10 regardless of their position in the race), then for the remainder of the relay, the athletes shoot at the lane corresponding to the position they arrived (arrive at the range in 5th place, shoot at lane five).
2018–19 Top 3 standings
Medal winners
Standings
References
Relay Men
Bereča Vas (; , ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia. The entire area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
The local church is dedicated to Saint James and belongs to the Parish of Suhor. It was built in the 17th century.
References
External links
Bereča Vas on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Metlika
Up in Flames is the second studio album by Canadian musician Dan Snaith, released under the moniker Manitoba on March 31, 2003 by The Leaf Label and Domino Recording Company. It is Snaith's second and final album credited under Manitoba, and received critical acclaim when it was released.
In 2006, a special edition of Up in Flames was released. In 2013, the album was reissued under Snaith's current moniker, Caribou, and in 2015, it was selected by fans as one of ten albums re-issued by The Leaf Label as part of the label's 20th anniversary celebrations. This saw the album released on limited edition double vinyl and made available to fans via the PledgeMusic service.
News program Democracy Now! uses "Kid You'll Move Mountains" as part of their regular theme music.
Reception
Up in Flames received acclaim from critics and has been assigned a score of 88 based on 20 critic reviews, translating to "universal acclaim", from Metacritic. Online magazine Pitchfork placed Up in Flames at number 106 on its list of top 200 albums of the 2000s.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Up in Flames at official Caribou website
2003 albums
Dan Snaith albums
Domino Recording Company albums
The Leaf Label albums
Mamitha Baiju is an Indian actress works primarily in Malayalam films. She made her debut in 2017 through Sarvopari Palakkaran. She rose into fame playing the roles of Alphonsa in Operation Java (2021), Anju in Kho Kho (2021) and Sona in Super Sharanya (2022).
Early life
Mamita Baiju hails from Kidangoor in Kottayam district of Kerala. Her parents are Dr. K. Baiju and Mini Baiju. She has an elder brother, Midhun.
Mamitha did her schooling at Mary Mount Public School, Kattachira, and at N.S.S. Higher Secondary School, Kidangoor. She is currently pursuing B. Sc in Psychology from Sacred Heart College in Kochi.
Filmography
All films are in Malayalam unless noted otherwise.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Mamitha Baiju at MSI
1996 births
Living people
People from Kerala
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Tamil cinema
20th-century Indian actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
Last Days of April are an indie pop band from Stockholm, Sweden.
History
Last Days of April formed in 1996. The band found some underground success with their first demo release. A full-length was issued in 1997, then an EP on Bad Taste Records in 1998. Their sophomore effort, Rainmaker, was released in both Europe (on Bad Taste) and Japan (on Straight Up Records), and the group toured with The Promise Ring and The Bufferins in Europe. Their third full-length was produced by Pelle Gunnerfeldt and saw a release on Deep Elm Records in America, while their fourth was issued in the United States by Crank! Records.
Since 2000, Karl Larsson has been the band's principal songwriter. Following the release of Gooey in 2010, Last Days of April toured Europe alongside the London-based indie pop band Air Castles the following year.
Members
Karl Larsson - vocals, guitar
Lars Taberman - guitar
Andreas Fornell - drums
Daniel Svenfors - bass
Former Members
Oskar Ekman - bass
Discography
Henrik (1997) [EP]
Last Days of April (Trust No One Records, 1997)
The Wedding (1998) [EP]
Rainmaker (Bad Taste/Straight Up, 1998)
Angel Youth (Bad Taste/Deep Elm, 2000)
Ascend to the Stars (Bad Taste/Crank!, 2002)
If You Lose It (Bad Taste, 2003)
Might As Well Live (Bad Taste, 2007)
Gooey (Bad Taste, 2010)
79 (Bad Taste, 2012)
Sea Of Clouds (Tapete, 2015)
Even the Good Days Are Bad (Tapete, 2021)
References
Swedish musical groups
Tapete Records artists
Min Linka (, ) was governor of Pegu (Bago) from 1348 to 1353. Son of King Saw Zein of Martaban, the prince was appointed governor by his half-brother King Binnya U. But he did not help his brother during the 1351–52 invasion of the kingdom by Lan Na. He was defeated by his brother's forces after they had defeated the invasion. Linka was brought back to Martaban, and executed there.
Brief
Born 1327 in Martaban (Mottama), Min Linka was the second child of Queen May Hnin Htapi and King Saw Zein of Martaban. The prince had one full elder sister, Tala Mi Ma-Hsan; two maternal half-siblings, King Saw E (r. 1330) and May Hnin Aw-Kanya; and three paternal half-siblings, Mwei Ne, Princess-Regent Maha Dewi (r. 1383–1384) and King Binnya U (r. 1348–1384).
In 1348, the prince was appointed governor of Pegu (Bago) with the title of Smin Nyi Kaung Thein (သမိန် ညီကောင်သိန်, ) by Binnya U, who had just ascended the throne. It was an important appointment as the new king, who was still consolidating power, needed someone he could trust in Pegu, located in the geographic center of the Mon-speaking kingdom. The new king also married Linka to Mwei Daw, daughter of Chief Minister Than Bon.
Linka, however, was not loyal to his brother. He did not send any help to U in 1351 when the king faced a major rebellion at Donwun, just 100 km north of Martaban, and half-way between Pegu and Martaban. The rebellion was backed by the eastern Tai-speaking kingdom of Lan Na, which sent an 8000-strong invasion force. The dry season invasion penetrated deep into Martaban territory but the invaders overstretched, and were decisively defeated by U near Martaban. After the victory, U was able to consolidate support amongst his vassals, who wanted to be on the winning side. Linka was now in trouble. He had not consolidated support in the Pegu province itself. In the following dry season of 1352–1353, U sent an army to reclaim Pegu. The operation was successful.
Linka, along with his wife and three children, was brought back to Martaban. At the capital, U took his wife, who became Queen Thiri Maya Dewi, and ordered his execution. Thiri Maya Dewi and U later had a son, the future king Razadarit. U treated Linka's children well. He appointed Linka's only son, Nyi Kan-Kaung, governor of Dala–Twante 1370.
Ancestry
Linka was a grandnephew of the founder of the dynasty King Wareru from his father's side, and a grandson of King Loe Thai of Sukhothai from his mother's side.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Hanthawaddy dynasty
1320s births
1350s deaths
The 2019–20 Alabama A&M Bulldogs basketball team represented Alabama A&M University in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bulldogs, led by second-year head coach Dylan Howard, played their home games at the Elmore Gymnasium in Normal, Alabama as members of the Southwestern Athletic Conference. They finished the season 8–22, 5–13 in SWAC play to finish in eighth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the SWAC Tournament to Prairie View A&M.
Previous season
The Bulldogs finished the 2018–19 season 5–27 overall, 4–14 in SWAC play, to finish in a tie for 9th place. For the second season in a row, Alabama A&M was ineligible for postseason play due to APR violations, preventing them from participating in the SWAC Tournament.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| SWAC regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| SWAC Tournament
|-
|-
Source
References
Alabama A&M Bulldogs basketball seasons
Alabama AandM Bulldogs
Alabama AandM Bulldogs basketball
Alabama AandM Bulldogs basketball
Friedrich Doll was a German democrat and commercial traveller. He took part in the republican uprisings in Baden in 1848. Doll also commanded a division during the Baden-Palatinate uprising of 1849.
References
German revolutionaries
Ken Kelley (September 24, 1949 – January 13, 2008) was an American journalist and publisher, active in the underground press movement. He founded and edited the underground magazines the Ann Arbor Argus and SunDance, and was a notable interviewer for Playboy magazine.
Early life
Ken Kelley was born on September 24, 1949, in Ann Arbor and grew up in Monroe, MI.
He attended the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor on a full scholarship, studying chemistry but dropping out after three semesters. While at University of Michigan, he worked on the student newspaper, the Michigan Daily, lived at the Trans-Love Energies commune off campus, and was involved in the White Panther Party.
Career
In 1969, Kelley founded the Ann Arbor Argus, which ran until 1971 and reached a circulation of 14,000.
In the early 1970s, Kelley moved to the San Francisco Bay Area and, along with Craig Pyes, founded SunDance, an underground magazine funded by John Lennon and Yoko Ono.
Kelley joined the staff of the Berkeley Barb in February 1973 and became managing editor that summer. Alongside fellow Berkeley Barb columnists Dancing Bear and Gabrielle Schang, Kelley was a correspondent on Earthquake News, a 1973 alternative television news pilot in San Francisco.
Starting in 1976, Kelley became a regular writer for Playboy, best known for his interviews of notable figures. His most well-known interview was of Anita Bryant in the May 1978 issue, in which she revealed her homophobic and anti-Semitic views. Kelley had traveled with Bryant and her husband for a week and protected her from a pieing incident while conducting the interview. The Kelley–Bryant interview is portrayed in the comedic play, Anita Bryant's Playboy Interview, which premiered in 2016 in Silver Lake, Los Angeles. Kelley also interviewed Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos, Cheech & Chong, Abbie Hoffman, Arthur C. Clarke, and Ray Bradbury, among others, for Playboy.
Kelley won a Maggie Award for his 1987 interview of Lyndon LaRouche for Focus Magazine.
Personal life
In 1971, Kelley was issued a subpoena from a federal grand jury probing the 1971 United States Capitol bombing, and subsequently burned the subpoena during a press conference with Yippie leader Abbie Hoffman.
Kelley became interested in the Divine Light Mission in 1973 and wrote about it extensively. He started writing a book about the Divine Light Mission entitled Brave New Bliss, but left it unfinished at the time of his death.
Kelley was a press aide to Huey P. Newton. After Newton's death, Kelley wrote that Newton had admitted to ordering the murder of Betty Van Patter.
Later life and death
In 2005, Kelley was arrested on charges of possession of child pornography. While awaiting the outcome of an appeal, he had a heart attack in jail and died on January 13, 2008. In April 2008, federal prosecutors asked to drop charges against Kelley.
References
People from Monroe, Michigan
People from Ann Arbor, Michigan
American alternative journalists
LGBT journalists from the United States
1949 births
2008 deaths
American people who died in prison custody
American magazine editors
American magazine publishers (people)
Playboy people
Journalists from Michigan
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
20th-century LGBT people
Prisoners who died in California detention
William Henry Sproul (October 14, 1867 – December 27, 1932) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born on a farm near Livingston, Tennessee, Sproul attended the public schools and Alpine Academy in Overton County, Tennessee. In 1883 moved to Kansas with his parents, who settled in Cherokee County. He worked on a farm and in the mines. He attended high school at Columbus, Kansas, and the Kansas Normal College at Fort Scott. He taught school at Columbus 1888–1892. He was graduated from the Kansas State University Law School in 1894. He was admitted to the bar in 1894 and commenced practice in Sedan, Kansas. He served as prosecuting attorney of Chautauqua County 1897–1901. He served as mayor of Sedan 1921–1923. He engaged in agricultural pursuits and stock raising. He was also interested in the oil and gas business.
Sproul was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-eighth and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1923 – March 3, 1931). He served as chairman of the Committee on Mines and Mining (Seventy-first Congress). He was not a candidate for renomination, but was an unsuccessful candidate for nomination for United States Senator in 1930. He resumed his former business pursuits. He died in a hospital in Kansas City, Missouri, December 27, 1932. He was interred in Greenwood Cemetery, Sedan, Kansas.
References
1867 births
1932 deaths
People from Sedan, Kansas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
People from Livingston, Tennessee
Mayors of places in Kansas
Grégory Di Carlo is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from France.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1993 births
French motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
The Kuwait women's national football team, represents Kuwait in international women's association football and is governed by Kuwait Football Association (KFA).
History
The Organising Committee of GCC Women's Sports Committee has been organising women's football events in Kuwait in an effort to support the women's national team.
The country's kit colours are blue shirts, white shorts, and blue socks.
As of 1999, the women's national team had not competed at the Women's World Cup. They had never entered the Asian Women's Championship as of 1999. As of June 2017, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA.
Background and development
In 2012 it was written that development of women's football in the Middle East and central Asia dated back only about ten years. The national federation became a FIFA affiliate in 1962.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
Head-to-head record
Results
https://www.worldfootball.net/teams/kuwait-frauen-team/21/
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Fahad Kameel (20??–2019)
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
AFC Women's Asian Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
WAFF Women's Championship
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
See also
Sport in Kuwait
Football in Kuwait
Women's football in Kuwait
Kuwaiti Women's League
References
External links
Official website
FIFA profile
Asian women's national association football teams
Eddington is a village in the civil parish of Hungerford in the West Berkshire district of Berkshire, England. It lies approximately north-east from Hungerford, its nearest town and is divided from it by the River Kennet. The Eddington estate is owned by businessman Peter Michael and is located north of Eddington village.
History
Eddington Mill is a late 18th century watermill on the Kennet which still has the machinery largely intact. It is a Grade II listed building.
St Saviour's church was built in 1868 and designed by Arthur Blomfield in the Gothic Revival style. The church closed in the mid 1950s. In 1977 it was sold and converted into a private house.
In 1876, two policemen were shot by poachers in Eddington. Their memorial crosses still stand where they fell.
The village wheelwright's shop, Messrs R. Middleton & Sons, closed in 1951. Some of the woodworking tools from the shop including axes, chisels, planes, lathe tools and gouges, were purchased at an auction on 6 April 1951, and are now in the Museum of English Rural Life.
References
Villages in Berkshire
Hungerford
Dirty Sexy Things is a British concept documentary series that aired on E4 about eight models preparing for eight shoots which culminated in an exhibition for fashion photographer Perou. A promo for the show began airing on E4 at the end of June 2011. The show is sponsored by Rimmel London. The title music and incidental music for the show was composed by Matt Thomas of Mosquito Music.
The series featured eight episodes, the first of which aired 10pm Monday 4 July 2011 on E4 and again on Saturday 9 July on Channel 4.
The series also aired on the Canadian television channel Fashion Television under the name "A Model Life", for unknown reasons.
Cast
Perou – famous photographer of Make Me a Supermodel UK fame who wants eight models to appear in his exhibition.
Clara – Perou's assistant.
Hamilton – Perou's stylist who clashes with Ocean and considers her a 'Diva'
Bunny – Hamilton's assistant.
Anastacia – Lord Rob's glamour model girlfriend.
Models
Ariella – Described as a blonde bombshell, known to wind the other models up due to her pretentious attitude. Clashes with Perou over her principles regarding nudity (Mainly in the Iceland shoot), she exits the series early with Perou stating that he did not want to work with her due to her attitude, but returns for the final shoot.
B.B. Kaye – A dancer-turned-model, who more recently has worked with the likes of Alexandra Burke, he struggles to balance his dancing career with his aspirations of progressing his modelling career. A bisexual, he confesses to having slept with two celebrities, he also develops a romance with Charlotte. Perou learns that BB is a stage name for 'Black Beauty'.
Charlotte De Carle – A down-to-earth model, whose previous experience focused upon modelling her sister's lingerie. She develops a romance with B.B., but sometimes struggles with his bisexuality.
Jay Camilleri – A bisexual party boy – chosen for his 'London' and 'Urban' look. Jay is often seen as an irritant by his fellow models, having argued with Jesse, Jessye B and BB throughout the series. Despite his hostile temper, the series explores Jay as an insecure character, with confidence issues surrounding his body.
Jessye "B" Romeo – The daughter of a model and soul star Jazzie B (thus earning her nickname "Jessye B") she's seen as professional, having researched the majority of her employers beforehand and playing up to potential employers to get the job. She has a close friendship with B.B. and Charlotte, often seen gossiping with them. In the early stages of the series, both Jay and Ariella claim not to like her.
Jesse Burgess – Chosen for his preppy-looks, the youngest of the models dreams of bigger things. He wants to use his modelling career to take him into a music career with his band 'lux', he also has aspirations of presenting, having nearly clinched a job with T4.
Ocean Moon – Graduated from a fashion school and has a 'kooky' look Perou was looking for, having worked a lot within high fashion, Ocean attempts to branch out into editorial work, which appears to be successful for her. In the early stages of the series, she clashes with Perou's stylist, Hamilton, who sees her as a diva.
Rob Walters – Often known as Lord Rob, his family dates back to King Henry VIII. He is a fitness model, looking to get more mainstream work, like Ocean, however his muscled physique often holds him back, making him less versatile than the other male models. The series also focuses on his relationship with girlfriend, Anastasia, who concentrates on her glamour modelling career, whilst supporting Rob.
Series One
Perou holds an open casting for eight models to take part in an exhibition of eight pictures. He selects BB, Jay, Rob, Jesse, Charlotte, Ariella, Ocean and Jessye B. The first week sees the group doing a lingerie shoot around central London, with a picture of all eight models selected. Following this the models take part in a Heroes and Villains shoot. Perou feels Ariella is struggling with this task but she is not given the chance to improve as BB has to leave for a dance job. In the end a single shot of Ocean is chosen. The third task sees the models taking some acting classes as they are asked to move around whilst having paint thrown at them. BB and Charlotte, who have recently become close, are chosen for the final picture. The next assignment has Jay, Charlotte, Jessye B and Jesse return to Perou's hometown of Whistable for an Ocean shoot. Jay gets drunk the night before and upsets the other models and so decides to return home instead of taking part. Charlotte has trouble as the shoot involves being covered in fish; which she hates, however it is her photo that is selected. Areilla has problems with Perou's next assignment in Iceland as it requires her to wear nothing but her underwear and a faux fur coat. Although she goes ahead with it Perou is unimpressed with the results and decides he does not want to work with her anymore. He is impressed with Charlotte but decides to select BB's picture. Following this he has Jay, Ocean and Jesse take part in his woodland shoot. He admits that he enjoys working with Jay who does well but ultimately he chooses Ocean's picture for the exhibition. The next shoot involves Rob, Jay, Charlotte, BB and Jesse posing in a deep water tank. In order to prepare for this they pose for a life during class which helps Jay overcome some of his body issues. BB, Jesse and Rob find it difficult to pose for pictures because they are uncomfortable underwater. Perou is impressed, again, with Jay but decides to select Charlotte's picture as she captures what he was looking for perfectly. For the final shot Perou sends the group to a country manor and selects a picture of all the models together in order to draw comparisons with the first shoot they did and the journey they have been on. He then unveils his exhibition and the models discover which shots were selected. BB, Charlotte and Ocean are pleased to see they all have solo shots but Jay and Jesse are particularly disappointed to see they have not. Perou reflects on his time with each of the models.
BB struggles between putting his modelling career over his dancing. He also becomes close to Charlotte and the two go on a date. Jay struggles to get signed because of his height and also decides he needs to curb his drinking habits whilst working. Ariella clashes with Perou over her principles with nudity. Jesse expresses wishes to get into TV presenting and performs his first gig with his band. Rob wants to branch out into high fashion despite his fitness background and Ocean wants to try her hand at the more commercial side of modelling.
Episodes
Reception
The series, so far, has been met with mixed reviews with critics citing it as yet another set-up reality show along the same lines as Made in Chelsea and Geordie Shore. Metro said "Dirty Sexy Things makes it neither Dirty nor Sexy but really rather boring". Other reviews were less negative stating the cast were "likeable bunch of model archetypes" and that the show "looks like it could offer a modicum of fun".
See also
Made in Chelsea
References
External links
Official Website
Channel 4 documentary series
Channel 4 reality television shows
2011 British television series debuts
2011 British television series endings
2010s British reality television series
E4 (TV channel) original programming
English-language television shows
The 1911–12 season was Manchester United's 20th season in the Football League and fifth in the First Division.
FA Charity Shield
First Division
FA Cup
References
Manchester United F.C. seasons
Manchester United
The 1995 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year was the 69th year of greyhound racing in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Roll of honour
Summary
The National Greyhound Racing Club (NGRC) released the annual returns, with totalisator turnover at £77,837,828 and attendances recorded at 3,652,671 from 6391 meetings.
Staplers Jo trained by Nick Savva was voted Greyhound of the Year after winning the Anglo Irish International, Produce Stakes, Guineas and Ladbrokes Puppy Derby. Dew Reward trained by Michael O'Donovan was voted Irish Greyhound of the Year after winning the Irish Champion Stakes.
John Coleman won the Greyhound Trainer of the Year.
While William Hill remained part of the doomed Brent Walker, the new owners of Hackney Wick Stadium Fleetfoot Racing (led by its Managing Director Ex-Lloyds broker and racing journalist Robert Parker) had announced an exciting redevelopment plan. However, before the end of the year the plans had turned into a fiasco. Work began on an ambitious project including a £12 million restaurant and state of the art facilities, leading trainers were recruited and the stadium was rebranded 'The London Stadium'. Robert Parker was later replaced by Stephen Rea, with the venture still requiring significant funds and beset with construction problems and internal disagreements the original £14 million scheme to develop the neglected stadium had run into serious problems. Extra cash was raised by rights issues with companies including Rothschild, Henderson Venture Managers and Samuel Montagu. In October 1995 the new stadium was finally ready offering first-class facilities and significantly high prize money. However on the reopening night and despite a capacity crowd the stadium went into receivership during the same evening. Investigations began amidst rumours of fraud, banker Stephen Welton, was pursued by LWT reporter Trevor Phillips and questioned for the Board's failure to conduct due diligence on a prospective buyer who turned out to be an undischarged bankrupt. Parker appeared on Roger Cook's ITV's television program The Cook Report and allegations were made against Stephen Rea.
Tracks
Construction company Hawkins of Harrow went into administration following a lull in the building industry and repayments required to the banks for loans to purchase garden centres. They owned Northern Sports which meant that Oxford Stadium and Ramsgate Stadium were in the hands of the receivers. Ramsgate boss Sheila Yanez believes the track could be sold for £1.2 million but that it would take at least a year to resolve planning issues with the neighbouring garden centre. Oxford General Manager John Blake and Northern Sports Group Racing Manager Mick Wheble were made redundant.
Harlow Stadium opened on 15 March. Toni Nicholls bought the land from receivers when the new football stadium was being built in 1993 and constructed the new facilities including executive suites, a restaurant and conference and banqueting facilities.
Sittingbourne opened on 3 October with new facilities including a track side restaurant, fast food outlets, three licensed bars and three private executive suites.
Eddie Ramsay's SGRC (Scottish Greyhound Racing Company) was in financial difficulties and he sold Powderhall Stadium to a Channel Islands company called Charlotte Twenty-One (that included a shareholder called Walton Hankinson, a housing development specialist).
News
Treacys Triumph broke one of the oldest track records in Ireland after recording 31.68 at Harolds Cross for 580 yards. The half brother of Moral Standards improved Rail Ship's previous record set in 1973.
Competitions
Spring Rose trained by Charlie Lister finished second behind Elliots Gem in the inaugural Puppy Classic at Nottingham. Spring Rose, a white and fawn bitch would make a champion stayer. It was however Ballarue Minx trained by Bill Masters that was the stand out stayer of the year; the white and brindle bitch won the first Cesarewitch to be held at Catford Stadium, which added to her St Leger crown from the previous year.
Principal UK races
+Track Record
Totalisator returns
The totalisator returns declared to the National Greyhound Racing Club for the year 1995 are listed below.
References
Greyhound racing in the United Kingdom
Greyhound racing in the Republic of Ireland
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
Kosmos 394 ( meaning Cosmos 394), also known as DS-P1-M No.2 is a satellite which was used to demonstrate technology for future satellites which would be used as targets for tests of anti-satellite weapons. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1971 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme. Following the completion of testing it was intercepted and destroyed by Kosmos 397 on 25 February.
Launch
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-3M carrier rocket, from Site 132/1 at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome. The launch occurred at 18:48:48 UTC on 9 February 1971.
Orbit
Kosmos 394 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 65.8 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 95.4 minutes. As of 2009, debris from its destruction is still in orbit.
Kosmos 394 was the second of the five original DS-P1-M satellites to be launched, and the first to successfully reach orbit. The three subsequent launches were all successful, before the satellite was replaced with a derivative, Lira. DS-P1-M and Lira satellites were used as targets for the Istrebitel Sputnikov programme.
See also
1971 in spaceflight
References
1971 in spaceflight
1971 in the Soviet Union
Intentionally destroyed artificial satellites
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1971
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
James Hill (born 1980) is a Canadian classically trained musician who has focused on the ukulele, both as his primary instrument and as a method of music instruction for school children. He earned a Bachelor of Music degree from the University of British Columbia.
Music education
As a child, Hill benefited from a ukulele instructional program created by J. Chalmers Doane as shared in Teacher's Guide to Classroom Ukulele, 1977. The British Columbia school used Doane's system to teach music, and as a result, the Langley Ukulele Ensemble came into existence. Hill participated in the ensemble for over ten years.
Hill envisioned creating a program to help spread this instrument and upon meeting Doane, they collaborated to create the "Ukulele in the Classroom" program in 2008.
Hill seldom makes a concert appearance without also conducting workshops. He has taught throughout Canada and the United States, as well as in Europe, Japan, Singapore and New Zealand. He regularly lectures at the Queen's School of Music in Kingston, Ontario and has been a guest instructor at the Ukulele and Slack Key Guitar Institute held in Waimea, Hawaii each year.
Performances
Traveling throughout the world, Hill has played such venues as The Kennedy Center in July 2009 and The 40th Ukulele Festival in Hawaii.
He appeared at the Ukulele Festival of Great Britain in summer 2013.
He also appeared at the 10th anniversary Ukulele Hooley festival in August 2019 at Dun Laoghaire, Ireland. Ukulele Hooley is Europe's longest running ukulele festival.
Hill plays a variety of ukuleles; he has several Mike DaSilva custom made ukuleles, all with spruce tops, as well as a Mya Moe Tenor and a Beltona Resonator.
Awards
In 2009, Hill collaborated with Anne Janelle (formerly Anne Davison) on cello and created the CD True Love Don't Weep. The Album won the 2009 Canadian Folk Music Awards Traditional Album of the Year.
In 2015, his album The Old Silo was nominated for the Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year – Solo.
Personal life
Currently Hill lives in Nova Scotia with his wife and touring partner Anne Janelle and their son. They were married on 21 September 2013.
Discography
Playing it Like it Isn't (2002)
On the Other Hand (2003)
Fantasy For Ukulele (exclusively released in Japan) (2005)
A Flying Leap – Borealis Recording (13 June 2006)
True Love Don't Weep (collaboration with Anne Davison) – Linus Entertainment – (11 August 2009) 2009 Canadian Folk Music Awards Traditional Album of the Year
Man with a Love Song – Borealis Recording (11 October 2011)
The Old Silo – Borealis Recording (16 September 2014)
Publications
Ukulele in the Classroom – James Hill Ukulele Method Series, Book I – by James Hill & J. Chalmers Doane, Crystal Lake Media (2008)
Ukulele in the Classroom – James Hill Ukulele Method Series, Book II – by James Hill & J. Chalmers Doane, Crystal Lake Media (2008)
Ukulele in the Classroom – James Hill Ukulele Method Series, Book III – by James Hill & J. Chalmers Doane, Crystal Lake Media (2008)
The Ukulele Way - Book 1 by James Hill
The Ukulele Way - Book 2 by James Hill
The Ukulele Way - Book 3 by James Hill
The Ukulele Way - Book 4 by James Hill
The Ukulele Way - Book 5 by James Hill
The Ukulele Way - Book 6 by James Hill
Jumpin' Jim's Ukulele Masters: James Hill — Duets For One, Flea Market Music, Inc.,(2017)
References
External links
1980 births
Canadian ukulele players
University of British Columbia alumni
Living people
Canadian people of New Zealand descent
Canadian Folk Music Award winners
Achoura is a 2018 horror film directed and co-written by Talal Selhami. An international co-production of Morocco and France, the film stars Younes Bouab, Sofiia Manousha, Iván González, Moussa Maaskri, and Omar Lofti. The film's plot follows four childhood friends who reconnect when one of them, who disappeared 25 years prior during the Ashura holiday, re-enters their lives, leading them to confront a monstrous djinn.
Described as the first monster movie shot in Morocco, Achoura premiered in December 2018 at the Paris International Fantastic Film Festival.
Cast
Younes Bouab
Sofiia Manousha
Iván González
Moussa Maaskri
Omar Lofti
Production
Filming took place in Morocco, around Casablanca, in 2015. Producer Fabrice Lambot described the film as "the first monster movie shot in Morocco."
Release
Achoura premiered in December 2018 at the Paris International Fantastic Film Festival. The film then screened at the Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival on 12 April 2019. It had its North American premiere at the Cinepocalypse Film Festival in Chicago, Illinois, in June 2019, and later screened at the Sitges Film Festival in Spain in October 2019.
In 2021, Dark Star Pictures acquired distribution rights for Achoura; the film is set to be released on DVD and digital platforms in the United States on December 14, 2021.
Reception
In a mostly positive review of the film for Bloody Disgusting, Patrick Bromley noted the similarities between Achoura—which was shot in 2015—and the 2017 film It and its 2019 sequel. Bromley wrote that Achoura "offers a unique look into the fears and folklore of another culture. That it's so reminiscent of It does it a disservice, even if the movie itself cannot be faulted for the comparison. It's a serious, somber meditation on the death of innocence, bleaker than what Stephen King offers and full of powerful, evocative imagery all the way to its final moments."
References
External links
2010s supernatural horror films
2018 horror films
Moroccan horror films
French horror films
Films shot in Morocco
2010s French films
Lake Caracaranã (Portuguese: Lago Caracaranã) is a lake in the Normandia municipality of Roraima, Brazil. The lake is located in the Raposa Serra do Sol indigenous territory.
Lake Caracaranã is one of the tourist destinations of the state of Roriama. It has some tourist facilities and is located from Boa Vista, the state capital. The lake is surrounded by white sandy beaches with cashew trees and a view on the Pacaraima Mountains in the background.
After the demarcation of the Raposa Serra do Sol indigenous reserve, access to the lake was closed. It reopened in 2013 and tourists now have pay a nominal fee to visit the lake or stay overnight. Alcohol consumption is forbidden in the reservation. The regional centre for the Amerindian reserve is located on the lake.
References
Tourist attractions in Roraima
Lakes of Brazil
Geography of Roraima
Five Stars for Failure is an EP by Joy Electric. As the title would suggest, this EP contains much darker content than the preceding album, Melody. "Sorcery" originally appeared on the Tooth & Nail Records compilation @rt(c)ore Vol 1 and its sound was in the vein of "Never Be a Star" or "The Dark Ages" from Melody; the version found here is faster and more electronic-based. The original mix of "The Girl From Rosewood Lane" originally appeared on a cassette promo for Melody, prior to that album's release. This version features a stronger drum loop and an overall larger sound than the version that appears on Melody.
In 2007, the EP was re-released on iTunes.
Track listing
(all songs written by Ronnie Martin)
"Keep Him in Your Thoughts" – 3:55
"Drum Machine Joy (The House in the Woods Mix)" – 3:32
"The Girl From Rosewood Lane (The Original Mix)" – 3:07
"Courage (Someday I'll Be Heard)" – 3:31
"Sorcery (The Stadium House Mix)" – 3:28
"Drum Machine Joy (The Woods Are Haunted Mix)" – 3:13
"Five Stars for Failure" – 3:40
References
1995 EPs
Joy Electric EPs
Tooth & Nail Records EPs
Sir Edward Hales, 2nd Baronet (1626 – c. 1684) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1681.
Hales was the son of Sir John Hales and his wife Christian Cromer, daughter of Sir James Cromer, of Tunstall and grandson of Sir Edward Hales, 1st Baronet. He matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford on 20 May 1642, aged 16. He was a devoted Royalist, and risked his life trying to rescue Charles I from his imprisonment at Carisbrooke. His father died in 1652 and he succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of his grandfather in September 1654.
In August 1660, Hales was elected at a by-election as Member of Parliament for Maidstone in the Convention Parliament. He was elected MP for Queenborough in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and was re-elected for Queenborough in 1679 for the two exclusion parliaments.
Hales died in France between August 1683 and February 1684.
Hales married Anne Wootton, the youngest of the four daughters of Thomas Wotton, 2nd Baron Wotton of Marlby and his wife Mary Throckmorton. His only son Edward succeeded to the baronetcy. Although Edward Hasted records that Edward was the eldest of four sons. and evidence of the birth of a second and third son, John Hales, bap. 1647 & Thomas Hales bap. Dec 1652 can be found in the registers at St John the Baptist, Tunstall.
References
1626 births
1684 deaths
Cavaliers
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
English MPs 1660
English MPs 1661–1679
English MPs 1679
English MPs 1680–1681
Karlsen Rock () is a submerged rock lying north-northwest of Penguin Point, the northwesternmost point of Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands. It was charted and named on a map by Petter Sørlle, a Norwegian whaler who made a running survey of the South Orkney Islands in 1912–13.
References
External links
Rock formations of the South Orkney Islands
This is a list of national government's administrations for railways, sometimes they exist as independent ministries and sometimes as part of transportation ministry. Some of them are also the national operators for railways while some of them are supervisors of railway operators. This does not include state-owned operators that are not part of the government.
Middle East Asia
East Asia
National Railway Administration (China)
Taiwan Railways Administration
South East Asia
South Asia
Ministry of Railways (India)
Ministry of Railways (Pakistan)
Africa
North America
Federal Railroad Administration (United States)
South America
Europe
Norwegian National Rail Administration (Norway)
Swedish Rail Administration (Sweden)
Department for Transport (United Kingdom)
Oceania
National
Railways ministries
Tongue Peak is a peak rising to about 2,450 m between Holdsworth Glacier and Scott Glacier, 3 nautical miles (6 km) west-northwest of Mount Farley, in the Queen Maud Mountains, Antarctica. The peak was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1960–64. It was geologically mapped by a United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP)-Arizona State University field party, 1978–79, and was named by geologist Scott G. Borg, a member of the party. The name derives from a well-developed tongue-shaped moraine in an abandoned cirque between the west and north ridges of the peak.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
The Free routine combination competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 18 and 20 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 18 June at 10:00. The final was held on 20 June at 16:00.
References
Free routine combination
Hansje Bunschoten (3 May 1958 – 1 October 2017) was a freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. As a member of the Dutch Relay Teams she finished in fifth place, both in the 4 × 100 m medley and the 4 × 100 m freestyle.
References
1958 births
2017 deaths
Dutch female freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the Netherlands
Swimmers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Hilversum
Dutch television presenters
Dutch women television presenters
Juma Hassan Killimbah (born 5 June 1966) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Iramba Magharibi constituency in the National Assembly of Tanzania since 2005.
References
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
1966 births
The men's 10,000 metres event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 8 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
10,000 metres at the African Championships in Athletics
One human poll comprised the 1940 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll. The Coaches' Poll began operation in 1950; in addition, the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on December 2, at the end of the 1940 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
A. Only 19 teams received votes in the final poll.
References
College football rankings
The pale-bellied white-eye (Zosterops consobrinorum) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to SE Sulawesi in Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest. The species has a limited distribution and also appears to be sensitive to human disturbance.
Taxonomy and systematics
Although not yet recognized as a subspecies of the pale-bellied white-eye, in 2003 a similar bird was discovered near the village of Wanci on Wangiwangi Island and provisionally named the Wangi Wangi white-eye (Zosterops sp. nov.). This island is its only known home and is part of the Tukangbesi Islands to the southeast of Sulawesi in Indonesia.
The Wangi Wangi white-eye has a number of differences from the pale-bellied white-eye including larger size, a black body, a long yellow beak, a gray breast and pale feet. Like most white-eyes it has a white ring around the eye and green upperparts.
References
Birds described in 1904
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Galeone is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Assunta Galeone (born 1998), Italian judoka
Giovanni Galeone (born 1941), Italian footballer and manager
Victor Galeone (born 1935), American Roman Catholic bishop
Italian-language surnames
Boten railway station is a railway station in Boten, Laos. It is the northernmost intermediate stop and the final stop in Laos on the Boten–Vientiane railway. It is marked 5th station completed on the China–Laos railway and is open with the line on 3 December 2021.
References
Railway stations in Laos
William John Stride (1865 – 21 February 1942) was an English footballer who made four appearances as a half-back in the FA Cup for Southampton St. Mary's between 1888 and 1894. Throughout his career, he was known as "Banquo" Stride.
Football career
In his youth, Stride was an all-round sportsman, who was described as an athlete "par excellence", winning many prizes as a runner with the Southampton Athletic Association. He started his football career with Freemantle before joining the short-lived Southampton Harriers club.
The Harriers had started life as the Temperance Amateur Athletic Association but changed their name in 1885. In 1887, they decided to enter the inaugural Hampshire Junior Cup unlike Freemantle who declined the invitation; as a consequence, many Freemantle players, including Stride, signed on for the Harriers instead.
On 10 March 1888, Harriers met St. Mary's in the first final of the Hampshire Junior Cup. The first match, played at the County Cricket Ground ended in a 2–2 draw, with St. Mary's taking the replay on 24 March by a 2–1 margin, thus winning the trophy for the first time. In the summer of 1888, the Freemantle club acquired their own ground in Southampton following which, most of the Harriers' players returned, with the exception of Stride, who joined St. Mary's.
In the third round of the Hampshire Junior Cup, St. Mary's were drawn to play Fordingbridge Turks on 12 January 1889. Stride and three other St. Mary's players had been selected to play for the Hampshire F.A. against Berks & Bucks on the same day. St. Mary's tried to get the match against the Turks re-arranged but the New Forest club refused. Consequently, St. Mary's withdrew their four players from the county match to play in the cup. The "Saints" won the match (played at the Antelope Ground) 3–2, earning them a semi-final appearance against Cowes. St. Mary's eventually defeated Cowes after three replays, going on to retain the trophy, defeating Christchurch in the final.
In 1891, St. Mary's had a relatively straightforward passage to the final of the Hampshire Junior Cup, where they defeated Lymington 2–0. Having won the cup for three consecutive years, the Saints retained the trophy permanently.
In the following season, St. Mary's entered the Hampshire Senior Cup for the first time and reached the final against the winners of the two previous years, the Royal Engineers based at Aldershot. In the final, played at the County Ground on 14 March 1891, the Saints took an early lead through Ernie Nicholls before the engineers equalised. Two second-half goals, from Frank Bromley and Bob Kiddle, saw St. Mary's claim the senior cup for the first time.
The success in local cup competitions prompted the club committee to enter a national tournament for the first time – in the First Qualifying Round of the FA Cup on 3 October 1891, they played at Warmley near Bristol, winning comfortably 4–1, with Stride playing at right-half. In the next round, St. Mary's defeated Reading 7–0 but the match was awarded to Reading following an FA enquiry into the eligibility of two St. Mary's players, Jock Fleming and Alexander McMillan. In March 1892, St. Mary's retained the Hampshire Senior Cup, with an easy 5–0 victory over a Medical Staff team.
In 1892–93, Stride played in both FA Cup matches, with the Saints going out 4–0 to Maidenhead, and in all three Hampshire Senior Cup matches, losing 1–2 to Freemantle in the final, in which Stride gave away a penalty for tripping Freemantle's forward, Horton.
Stride did not play in the FA Cup matches in 1893–94, but did play in the later rounds of the Hampshire Senior Cup, when St. Mary's reached the final in March 1894, when they were defeated 1–0 by the Royal Engineers.
In 1894, St. Mary's were founder members of the Southern League. Not wanting to commit to regular league football, Stride decided to retire from the club.
Following his retirement from football, Stride continued to work in Southampton and was employed in the Borough Engineers department.
References
1865 births
1942 deaths
Footballers from Southampton
English footballers
Freemantle F.C. players
Southampton F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Christmas in Kabul is a CBC Christmas special about comedian Rick Mercer going to Afghanistan to bring Christmas cheer to the Canadian troops stationed outside Kabul.
Music stars Damhnait Doyle, Kevin Fox and Tom Cochrane accompanied Mercer to Camp Julien, where many of the troops live in large tents.
It originally aired December 21, 2003, on CBC.
External links
2003 television films
2003 films
Christmas television specials
Kabul
Canadian television specials
Canadian comedy films
Documentary films about the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Afghanistan–Canada relations
Canadian documentary television films
2000s Canadian films
Dalagang Bukid () is a 1919 Filipino silent film directed by José Nepomuceno. It is the first Filipino-produced and -directed feature film. Like all of Nepomuceno's works, Dalagang Bukid is now a lost film.
Plot
Dalagang Bukid is a story about a young flower vendor named Angelita (Atang de la Rama), who is forced by her parents to marry a loan shark, Don Silvestre, despite her love for Cipriano, a law student. Angelita's parents are blind to her reciprocated love for Cipriano, as their shortage of money and consumption by various vices (gambling and cockfighting) make Don Silvestre's offer of marriage attractive. With her siblings, Angelita shines shoes at a church to provide income to her parents. Meanwhile, Angelita's parents give Don Silvestre permission to marry their daughter after he arranged for her to win a beauty contest. Before going to Angelita's coronation, Cipriano and Angelita get married in secret. At the coronation, Don Silvestre faints after learning about Angelita and Cipriano's wedding.
Cast
Atang de la Rama as Angelita
Marcellano Ilagan
Mar Esmeralda
Den Reed Lamosao
Production
On May 15, 1917, Nepomuceno bought his first film equipment from Albert Yearsley and Edward Meyer Gross. For the next two years, Nepomuceno practiced using the equipment in preparation for making the first locally produced feature film of the Philippines. He decided to adapt Hermogenes Ilagan's zarzuela titled Dalagang Bukid, which was successfully performing at the box office at the time. For the casting, he decided to use the original performers of the zarzuela, which included Atang de la Rama and Marceliano Ilagan, the latter being the brother of Hermogenes.
Release
The film was released with English, Spanish, and Tagalog subtitles. During its theatrical run, leading actress de la Rama had to sing Nabasag ang Banga (a song which is a part of the film) for every screening of the film in Manila, along with three others playing a violin, a cornet, and a piano.
Box office
Released on September 12, 1919, it was a major box-office success, earning 90,000 pesos from a budget of 25,000 pesos.
References
External links
History of Philippine Cinema
1919 films
Philippine silent films
Tagalog-language films
1919 romantic drama films
Philippine romantic drama films
Lost Philippine films
Philippine black-and-white films
Cockfighting in film
Silent romantic drama films
Czech Republic will be represented by 40 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain, from 27 July to 1 August 2010.
Participants
Men
Track and road events
Field events
Results
References
Participants list
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
2010
European Athletics Championships
Caesium hexafluorocobaltate(IV) is a salt with the chemical formula . It can be synthesized by the reaction of and fluorine. The salt contains rare example of cobalt(IV) complex, i.e. [CoF6]2-.
It has cubic K2PtCl6 structure, with the lattice constant a = 8.91 Å, and the length of Co-F bond is 1.73 Å. The complex is ferromagnetic and the ground state of Co(IV) is T2g3Eg2.
See also
Percobaltate
References
Caesium compounds
Cobalt complexes
Fluoro complexes
Metal halides
Fluorometallates
Richard Löwenbein (1894–1943) was an Austrian screenwriter and film director. He was active in the German film industry during the Weimar Republic. The Jewish Löwenbein left Germany for France following the Nazi Party's rise to power in 1933. After Germany occupied France in 1940 he was arrested and held at the Drancy internment camp before being transported to Auschwitz where he was killed.
Selected filmography
The Amazon (1921)
Rose of the Asphalt Streets (1922)
The Fire Ship (1922)
The Golden Net (1922)
Two Worlds (1922)
The Diadem of the Czarina (1922)
The Young Man from the Ragtrade (1926)
The Crazy Countess (1928)
Misled Youth (1929)
References
Bibliography
External links
1894 births
1943 deaths
Film people from Vienna
Austrian Jews who died in the Holocaust
Austrian film directors
Austrian emigrants to Germany
Austrian emigrants to France
Jewish emigrants from Austria after the Anschluss
20th-century Austrian screenwriters
20th-century Austrian male writers
John William Horgan (15 July 1834 – 8 July 1907) was a Member of the Western Australian Legislative Council in 1888–89. He is remembered most for his aggressive election campaigns in which he characterised six of the most prominent families in colonial Western Australia as the "six hungry families".
He Life
Early life
John Horgan was born in Macroom, Cork, Ireland on 15 July 1834. He was educated at Dr. Moynihan's Collegiate School in Cork.
Career
In the 1860s and 1870s, he practised as a barrister and solicitor in Cork, becoming honorary secretary of the Cork Law Society. He became active in British politics, campaigning actively, and ultimately successfully, for the election to the House of Commons of Joseph Ronayne.
In 1876, he emigrated with his family to New South Wales. For the next five years he practised law there. During this period, there was constant conflict in the colony over Henry Parkes' plan to introduce free, compulsory, secular education. This was aggressively resisted by Roman Catholics, whose schools would be closed. A devout Catholic, Horgan was against Parkes' plan, and in January 1881, following the passing of Parkes' legislation, Horgan and his family relocated to Western Australia.
In Western Australia, he turned his energies to improving the standing of the working class. In his work, he took on working men's cases for free, and in 1883–84 he helped secure limited reforms to the Master and Servant Act. In 1886, Horgan, along with Richard "Dickie" Haynes, formed Western Australia's first Eight Hours Association to agitate for the eight-hour day. In May 1886, the Legislative Council's seat of Perth was made vacant by the death of Luke Leake. The following month a by-election was held for the seat, and Horgan nominated. His platform was radical for its time; he advocated responsible government, payment of members, manhood suffrage, a land tax, and a unicameral legislature. He was an aggressive critic of the Government and the colony's powerful ruling elite. It was during this campaign that Horgan first characterised the most wealthy and powerful families of the colony as the "six hungry families", implying that they were hungry for more wealth, power and land. Although Edward Scott easily won the seat, Horgan surprised many by taking second place in the poll. Shortly after the election, he was successfully sued for libel by George Walpole Leake, a member of one of the "Six Hungry Families", and fined £500.
In May 1888, Stephen Henry Parker petitioned for bankruptcy, and was therefore obliged to resign his seat in the Legislative Council. Horgan contested the subsequent by-election, on a similar platform as previously. He remained a staunch opponent of the Government, and was especially critical of Governor Broome, who was seen by many of the working class as overbearing and quarrelsome. To the great surprise of the colony's ruling elite, Horgan defeated his conservative opponent Septimus Burt by three votes. Stannage (1979) writes that "Horgan's victory was regarded at the time as a turning point in the history of working men's political activity.... The election had a liberating effect on the minds of the workers, analogous to the victory of Robert Lowe in Sydney forty years previously". Despite the significance of his election, Horgan achieved little in the Legislative Council, and held his seat only until the next general election on 22 January 1889, in which he was defeated by Edward Keane. From 1890, he practised in partnership with Frederick Moorhead, and later with M.G. Lavan.
Personal life
He married Mary Ann Oliff (née Horan) in 1861; they would have twelve children. She died in August 1889. In February 1891, he married Mary Ann (Marion) Coffey.
He died in Perth on 8 July 1907, and was buried at East Perth Cemetery.
Notes
References
External links
1834 births
1907 deaths
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council
Politicians from County Cork
Irish barristers
Burials at East Perth Cemeteries
Irish emigrants to colonial Australia
19th-century Australian politicians
Settlers of Western Australia
A nöker was a member a group of military comrades in medieval Mongolian and Turkic armies. The word nöker means "comrade" in the Mongol language.
The nökers were led by a leader and they were loyal to their leader. These relationships lasted for life. In turn, the leader was responsible for maintaining the wealth of the nökers. The historian Halil İnalcık sees the nöker relationship as comparable to the commendatio or homage of the medieval armies in Europe.
Mongol armies
Nökers were an important element of the Mongol armies. But, the nökers also served other tasks. For example, Möngke Khan, the great khan of the Mongol Empire, tasked his nökers with tax collection and legation. Sometimes, nökers were appointed governor of the newly conquered territories too. Except in cases when they were assigned duties, they always accompanied their leader.
Seljuks of Anatolia
After the Mongol Empire, the nöker system was taken over by the Turkic states. The nöker concept was not much different than the Nöker of the Mongols. They accompanied their leader in war and peace. Sometimes, they were also tasked as local governors. For example, the founders of the Karesi and Saruhan beyliks were initially nökers of Mesut II of the Seljuks of Anatolia.
Ottoman Empire
In the early years of the Ottoman beylik (before independence), Osman I was one of the many ghazis. But, after his successful raids to Byzantine Empire territory, he became a leader, and his fellow ghazis became his nökers. Initially, his nökers were Turkmen ghazis. But, some Byzantine soldiers converted to Islam and among them some chose to be Osman's nökers as well. Köse Mihal was a well known example. The nöker system in the Ottoman Empire ended by the 16th century.
References
Medieval armies
Military history of the Mongol Empire
Anatolian beyliks
Military of the Ottoman Empire
Joshua (also known as The Devil's Child) is a 2007 American psychological thriller co-written and directed by George Ratliff. The film stars Sam Rockwell, Vera Farmiga and Jacob Kogan.
Joshua was released on July 6, 2007, in the United States by Fox Searchlight Pictures. The film received favourable reviews from critics, with many praising the performances, atmosphere and the horror elements, but criticism for its plot and characters.
Plot
Brad and Abby Cairn (Sam Rockwell and Vera Farmiga) are an affluent New York couple with two children. Their firstborn, a self-decided conservatively dressed 9-year-old, Joshua (Jacob Kogan), is a child prodigy on the piano and demonstrates ability to such a degree that he thinks and acts old before his time.
Joshua gravitates toward his oblivious Uncle Ned (Dallas Roberts) as a close friend, but distances himself from his parents, particularly following the birth of his sister, Lily. As the days pass, bizarre events transpire as the house regresses from healthy and happy to strange and disorienting. As the baby's whines drive an already strained Abby to the point of a nervous breakdown, Joshua exhibits downright sociopathic behavior, while Brad finds he can't help his wife, do well at his demanding job, or match wits with his strange son.
Joshua kills the family's dog, but says he doesn't know what happened, then imitates his father's grief as if he himself is incapable of feeling sadness. He next causes a fight between his mother and paternal grandmother Hazel (Celia Weston). Later, he convinces his mother to play hide-and-seek. As Abby counts, he takes his sister from her crib to hide with him, causing his mother to panic and pass out while searching for them, before he puts his sister back into the crib to make it look as though his mother was hallucinating.
Seeing that Abby is getting worse, Brad takes two weeks off from his job to look after her and the children. When he arrives home, Joshua has gone to the Brooklyn Museum with Lily and Hazel. Joshua frightens Hazel by describing the violent acts of Seth, the Egyptian God of Chaos. At home, Brad watches a videotape of Joshua making Lily cry on purpose in the middle of the night, realizing that Joshua is the one who has been making Lily cry incessantly at night. He arrives at the museum just in time to see Joshua attempt to push his sister down a flight of stairs. He stops when he is caught by Hazel but proceeds to push her down instead, killing her and disguising it as an accident. Brad confides in Ned that he thinks Joshua did it but Ned doesn't believe him. By this point, Abby has had a complete psychotic breakdown and been institutionalized.
That night, Brad installs a lock on his bedroom door and tells Joshua that his sister will be sleeping with him, fearing he will attempt to do something to Lily. He also brings Betsy (Nancy Giles), a psychologist, to meet Joshua. Betsy comes to the erroneous conclusion that Joshua is being abused, further frustrating Brad. Brad tells Joshua he is sending him away to a boarding school, causing Joshua to run away. When Brad arrives home, he immediately sees Joshua's school backpack on the kitchen floor. Brad calls out for Joshua numerous times while searching the residence for him, but his efforts are unsuccessful. Later in the evening Brad is laying with Lily on his bed lulling her to sleep. Brad then faintly hears Joshua crying, and he finds Joshua hiding in the kitchen. Joshua begged Brad not to send him away. Joshua wouldn't crawl out of his hiding place so Brad pulled him out, and Joshua cried out in pain. It was then that Brad discovered a large bruise on Joshua's back. Brad asked Joshua who gave him the bruise several times, and all Joshua would say was that he slipped.
The next morning, Brad and Joshua go for a walk with his sister, but Joshua steals her pacifier, causing her to cry. When Brad confronts him, Joshua begins to mock him, causing him to strike Joshua. Brad tries to apologize but Joshua further taunts him, driving Brad to beat his son in public, strengthening Joshua's case of abuse and sending Brad to jail for assault. It is indicated that Joshua also framed his father for tampering with Abby's medications, suggesting that Brad will spend the rest of his life in prison, leaving Ned to adopt Joshua and Lily.
In the last scene, Ned sits with Joshua at the piano and the two compose a song. Joshua sings about how his parents both will never be loved by anyone now, and that he only wanted to be with Ned and got rid of everyone else. Ned finally realizes what Joshua has done and looks at him with a disturbed glance.
Cast
Vera Farmiga as Abby Cairn
Sam Rockwell as Brad Cairn
Jacob Kogan as Joshua Cairn
Celia Weston as Hazel Cairn
Dallas Roberts as Ned Davidoff
Michael McKean as Chester Jenkins
Nancy Giles as Betsy Polschek
Linda Larkin as Ms. Karen Danforth
Alex Draper as Stewart Slocum
Ezra Barnes as Fred Solomon
Jodie Markell as Ruth Solomon
Rufus Collins as Henry Abernathy
Haviland Morris as Monique Abernathy
Tom Bloom as Joe Cairn
Jack Cortes as Mr. Wallace "Wally" Danforth
Release
The film was directed by George Ratliff, who co-wrote the screenplay with David Gilbert. It was produced by Johnathan Dorfman and ATO Pictures, and was distributed Fox Searchlight Pictures and 20th Century Fox. The film was a special selection at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2007.
Joshua was given a limited release in the United States on July 6, 2007.
Music
Beethoven's Piano Sonata No. 12 (Funeral March movement) was used widely in the film, and was learned and played by 12-year-old Jacob Kogan. The soundtrack was written by Nico Muhly and was available to download via iTunes.
Reception
Box office
The film made $53,233 in its opening weekend from 6 screens, averaging $8,538 per theater. It made $482,355 domestically in the United States, and $237,613 in other territories for a total worldwide gross of $719,968.
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an average rating of 62%, based on 99 reviews, with an average rating of 6.3/10. The site's consensus reads, "Though Joshua is ultimately too formulaic, its intelligence and suspenseful buildup heighten the overall creep factor." On Metacritic, the film scored a 69 out of 100 rating, based on 25 critic reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Duane Byrge of The Hollywood Reporter said that the film was "a brilliant house-of-horror tale with Hitchcockian flare". Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly said that the film is "something vitally new... that has a cool and savvy fun with your fears" — he also noted that it is "a superbly crafted psychological thriller". Elizabeth Weitzman of New York Daily News wrote: "None of this would have worked without the ideal child, and Kogan, making his movie debut, gets a difficult role down perfectly. Ratliff avoids turning him into a typical bad seed, and shows the same restraint at nearly every turn. With deliberate pacing, well-placed scares, and a pitch-black sense of humor, Ratliff keeps us guessing until the stunner finish."
Maitland McDonagh of TV Guide gave the film 2.5 stars out of 4, writing: "Ratliff and co-screenwriter David Gilbert are clearly aiming for the highbrow suspense market rather than the down-and-dirty horror crowd, but their script's obviousness strips the story of suspense and turns it into a tedious slog to a predestined end." Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle wrote: "Two things: the audience is ahead of the movie, and the movie never catches up. In the first scene we look at the kid, we look at the family and we get it. We get all there is to get. A strangely composed boy sits in his suit and tie, banging away at a Bartók piano piece for a school recital, while his parents ooh and aah over their newborn daughter. Joshua is a very bad kid, and he is going to do very bad things."
References
External links
2007 films
2007 thriller films
2007 psychological thriller films
American psychological thriller films
Films about dysfunctional families
Films scored by Nico Muhly
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York City
Fox Searchlight Pictures films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Pierre Michel Delaporte (5 September 1806 – 30 September 1872) was a 19th-century French playwright, painter, lithographer and political caricaturist.
Short biography
He was educated in Amiens and in 1824 became a student of Jean-Baptiste Regnault. After he suffered from an eye disease, he was forced to give up painting and thus turned to writing.
His plays were presented on the most important Parisian stages of the 19th century including the Théâtre des Folies-Dramatiques, the Théâtre du Palais-Royal, and the Théâtre des Variétés.
He also created numerous lithographies, illustrations and prints which were published in many newspapers and magazines, such as La Caricature (1830–1843) or Le Figaro.
Works
La Fille de l'air dans son ménage, vaudeville-féerie in 1 act, with Honoré, 1837
Le Cousin du Pérou, comédie-vaudeville in 2 acts, with Lubize and Théodore Muret, 1837
Le Parisien, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, 1837
Argentine, comedy in 2 acts, mingled with couplets, with Charles Dupeuty and Gabriel de Lurieu, 1839
L'Amour d'un ouvrier, drame-vaudeville in 2 acts, with Hippolyte Lévesque, 1839
La Bergère d'Ivry, drame-vaudeville in 5 acts, with de Lurieu, 1839
L'Argent, la gloire et les femmes, vaudeville extravaganza, in 4 acts and 5 tableaux, with the Cogniard brothers, 1840
L'Andalouse de Paris, vaudeville in 1 act, with Louis Bergeron, 1840
La Mère Godichon, vaudeville in 3 acts, with Lubize, 1840
Job l'afficheur, vaudeville in 2 acts, with the Cogniard brothers, 1840
Pile ou face, vaudeville in 2 acts, with Lubize, 1840
Les Amours de Psyché, fantasie play, mingled with song, in 3 acts and 10 tableaux; preceded by l'Olympe, prologue, with Charles Dupeuty, 1841
Un Premier ténor, folie-vaudeville in 1 act, 1841
Les Comédiens et les marionnettes, vaudeville in 2 acts, with Dupeuty, 1842
Un Ménage de garçon, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Laurençot, 1842
Colin-Tampon, vaudeville in 1 act, with Adolphe d'Ennery, 1844
Estelle et Némorin, pastorale bouffonne in 2 acts, mingled with songs, with Charles Potier, 1844
Un Tribunal de femmes, vaudeville in 1 act, with Laurençot, 1844
Le Diable à quatre, vaudeville-féerie in 3 acts, with Ernest Jaime, 1845
Les Amours de Monsieur et Madame Denis, comédie vaudeville in 2 acts, with Auguste Anicet-Bourgeois, 1845
Cabrion ! ou les Infortunes de Pipelet, folie-vaudeville in 1 act, 1845
La Fille à Nicolas, comédie-vaudeville in 3 acts, with Laurençot, 1845
La Samaritaine, vaudeville in 1 act, with de Lurieu, 1845
Henri IV, drame historique in 3 acts, 16 tableaux and prologue, with Amable de Saint-Hilaire, 1846
La Nouvelle Héloïse, drama in 3 acts, mingled with song, with Jacques-François Ancelot, 1846
Ah ! que l'amour est agréable !, vaudeville in 5 tableaux, with Hippolyte-Jules Demolière and Charles Henri Ladislas Laurençot, 1847
Les Femmes de Paris, ou l'Homme de loisir, drama in 5 acts, in prose, preceded by Un duel sans témoins, prologue, with Virginie Ancelot, 1848
Chodruc-Duclos, ou l'Homme à la longue barbe, melodrama in 5 acts and 8 tableaux, with Alphonse Royer and Gustave Vaez, 1850
L'Île des bêtises, vaudeville-revue of the year 1849, in 3 acts and 5 tableaux, with Honoré, 1850
Le Raisin malade, folie fantastique in 1 act, mingled with couplets, 1850
Les Quenouilles de verre, féerie-vaudeville in 3 acts and 8 tableaux, with Maurice Alhoy, 1851
La Femme de ménage, ou la Tabatière de Polichinelle, vaudeville in 1 act, 1851
La Course au plaisir, revue de 1851, in 2 acts and 3 tableaux, with Gaston de Montheau and Théodore Muret, 1851
Les Reines des bals publics, folie-vaudeville in 1 act, with de Montheau, 1852
La Fille de Madame Grégoire, vaudeville in 1 act, with de Montheau, 1853
Un Moyen dangereux, comedy in 1 act, mingled with song, with Jean-François-Alfred Bayard, 1854
Les Papillons et la chandelle, vaudeville in 1 act, 1854
Le Bois de Boulogne, revue-féerique, mingled with couplets, in 2 acts and 5 tableaux, with Paul Duport, 1855
Le Cousin du Roi, comedy in 2 acts, mingled with couplets, with Laurencin, 1855
Toinette et son carabinier, croquis musical in 1 act, 1856
Le Billet de faveur, comédie-vaudevilles in 3 acts, with Laurecin and Eugène Cormon, 1856
Le Marquis d'Argentcourt, comédie-vaudeville in 3 acts, with Dupeuty, 1857
Rose la fruitière, vaudeville in 3 acts, 1857
Méphistophélès, saynète musicale, 1858
La Nouvelle Hermione, comedy mingled with couplets, in 1 act, with Laurencin, 1858
Il n'y a plus de grisettes !, vaudeville in 1 act, with Laurencin, 1859
Le Masque de velours, vaudeville in 2 acts, 1859
Les Trois fils de Cadet-Roussel, comédie-vaudeville in 3 acts, with Laurencin and Charles Varin, 1860
Ah ! Que l'amour est agréable !, vaudeville in 5 acts, with Varin, 1860
Un Hercule et une jolie femme, vaudeville in 1 act, with Varin, 1861
Ma sœur Mirette, comedy in 2 acts, mingled with song, with Varin, 1861
L'Auteur de la pièce, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Varin, 1862
Monsieur et Madame Denis, opéra comique in 1 act, with Laurencin, music by Jacques Offenbach, 1862
La Comtesse Mimi, comedy in 3 acts, with Varin, 1862
Un Ténor pour tout faire !, opérette in 1 act, with Varin, 1863
Une Femme qui bat son gendre, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Varin, 1864
Une Femme, un melon et un horloger !, vaudeville in 1 act, with Varin, 1864
Les Ficelles de Montempoivre, vaudeville in 3 acts, with Varin, 1864
Les Filles mal gardées, comedy in 3 acts, with Varin, 1865
Le Sommeil de l'innocence, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Varin, 1865
La Bande noire, drama in 7 acts, with Paul Foucher and Auguste Delaporte, 1866
Le Baudet perdu, paysannerie in 1 act, with Varin, 1866
Madame Ajax, play in 3 acts, with Varin, 1866
L'Ange de mes rêves !, vaudeville in 3 acts, with Varin, 1867
Ces Scélérates de bonnes, vaudeville in 3 acts, with Laurencin, 1867
La Dame aux giroflées, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Varin, 1867
Le Dernier des Gaillard, vaudeville in 1 act, with Varin, 1867
Madame Pot-au-feu, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Varin, 1869
Bibliography
Jules Gay, Bibliographie des ouvrages relatifs à l'amour, aux femmes, au mariage..., 1871, (p. 447-448)
Gustave Vapereau, Dictionnaire universel des contemporains, 1880, (p. 536)
Charles Dezobry, Théodore Bachelet, Dictionnaire général de biographie et d'histoire'', 1895, (p. 811)
References
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
19th-century French painters
French male painters
French lithographers
French caricaturists
Painters from Paris
1806 births
1872 deaths
19th-century French male artists
The Tampa Times, or Tampa Daily Times, was a daily newspaper founded in Tampa, Florida, in 1893. It was started by the consolidation of two newspapers by the Tampa Publishing Company, whose vice president was W. B. Henderson, a leading businessperson in Tampa. D.B. McKay was the publisher.
The newspaper was an early leader in broadcasting, first putting WDAE 1250 AM on the air in 1922 (now on 620 AM). Then in 1947, an FM station was added, WDAE-FM 105.7 (now WMTX 100.7 FM). Also in the late 1940s, the company applied for a broadcast television station license and was denied.
In 1952, the Tampa Times was acquired by its rival daily newspaper, the Tampa Tribune, which had a television station.
The Tampa Tribune continued printing the Tampa Times for a number of decades, maintaining the "Times" moniker in competition with the St. Petersburg Times, another newspaper in the Tampa Bay area.
After the Tampa Tribune stopped publishing its Tampa Times edition in 1982, it continued to hold the rights on the name, leading to a lawsuit filed by Media General, owner of the Tampa Tribune, against the St. Petersburg Times. The two companies reached an agreement in 2006, by which the Media General keep its exclusive right to use of Tampa Times for another five years; the window expired in 2011, and on January 1, 2012, the St. Petersburg Times was renamed the Tampa Bay Times.
In 2016, the Tampa Bay Times bought the Tampa Tribune, effectively consolidating the history of the original 1893 Tampa Times into its present-day namesake.
References
Defunct newspapers published in Florida
Publications disestablished in 1982
Snehadeepam is a 1962 Malayalam language film, directed and produced by P. Subramaniam. Written by novelist Muttathu Varkey, it stars Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair, S. P. Pillai, Miss Kumari, Ambika, Santhi, Baby Vinodini, Adoor Pankajam, T. K. Balachandran and Aranmula Ponnamma.
Cast
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Sreedharan
Adoor Pankajam as Kochu Narayani/Naani
Ambika Sukumaran as Vilasini
Baby Vinodini (Vinodini Sasimohan) as Usha
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Sankar
Miss Kumari as Lakshmi
S. P. Pillai as Njaramban/Karnan
K. V. Shanthi as Prabha
T. K. Balachandran as Chandran
Pankajavalli as Devakiyamma
Aranmula Ponnamma as Kalyani
Vanchiyoor Radha as Madhavi
Kaduvakulam Antony as Factory worker
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
1962 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Subramaniam
University of Computer Studies (Maubin) ( ), located in Maubin Township, about west of Yangon, is one of three computer universities in Ayeyarwady Region, which provides education in the area of ICT. The university offers both computer science and computer technology to its undergraduate students. The university's campus has the area of and is situated between Ward 1 and 2, on Sein Mya Kan Thar Street, Maubin, Ayeyarwaddy Region, Myanmar.
History
Government Computer College (Maubin) started up on first January 2003. It was upgraded as Computer University (Maubin) on 20 January 2007. In 2015, It was renamed as University of Computer Studies (Maubin).
Degree programs
University of Computer Studies (Maubin) offers five-year bachelor's degree programs in computer science and computer technology. The school's language of instruction is English.
Faculties and staff
Rector
Professor Dr.Thandar Thein
Rector,
Ph.D.(IT)
University of Computer Studies (Maubin)
Academic
Faculty of Computer Science
Faculty of Computer Systems and Technologies
Faculty of Information Science
Faculty of Computing
Department of Information Technology Supporting & Maintenance
Department of Application
Network Design & Maintenance
Department of Languages
Department of Myanmar
Department of English
Department of Natural Science (Physics)
Administration
Department of Student Affairs
Department of Staff Affairs
Department of Finance
Department of Estate Engineering
Rectors/principals
Student life
Students' union
In 2019, students' union is officially established, is called UCSMUB Students' Union.
Student associations/clubs
During the 2017–2018 academic year, IT Club was founded with the support of professors and teachers, and it was recognized by the rector of the university. And it is known as IT Club UCSMUB.
Music Club, Dance Club, Handmade Club and E-Sport Club are established as students' clubs by the students' union.
Product show
On February 22, 2019, the Product show of the university was held. Students showed 41 products in total. "Information System of Private Hospital", "Trip Advisor" and "Garden System" won the first, second, third prize respectively in the product show. "Smart Restaurant", "APineKine" and "Smart Township System" won the consolation prizes.
External links
Official website
Subdomain of Ministry of Education, Myanmar
References
Universities and colleges in Myanmar
Universities and colleges in Ayeyarwady Region
Educational institutions established in 2003
2003 establishments in Myanmar
Rana Bokhari (born October 23, 1977) was the leader of the Manitoba Liberal Party from 2013 until 2016 in Manitoba, Canada.
Background
Bokhari was born on a farm near Anola, Manitoba. As a student she attended the University of Manitoba where she obtained degrees in criminology and psychology. She then went on to complete a degree in law at Robson Hall, focusing on corporate commercial law. Bokhari was active in the Manitoba Law Students Association, serving as President in 2012.
Bokhari moved to Pakistan in 2002, living there with her family until she returned to Winnipeg in 2006. Her childhood home and family chicken farm were lost to a fire in 2012.
Political Career
After long-standing Manitoba Liberal Party leader Jon Gerrard resigned his position in 2013, Bokhari was the first person formally to declare her candidacy. She faced two opponents, Bob Axworthy and Dougald Lamont. During the party leadership contest, Bokhari was seen as an outsider. Although two of her relatives had stood as Liberal candidates at the previous provincial election, she had not previously had a profile in the provincial party. Despite this, she was endorsed by the Manitoba Senator Maria Chaput, the leading Liberal candidate from the 2011 elections, Paul Hesse and party Vice-President Robert Young. She won a first ballot victory by one vote, with 431 votes.
The victory made Rana Bokhari the youngest person ever to lead the Manitoba Liberals and the first Manitoban of South Asian descent to lead a political party in the province.
She faced internal criticism from party members and former leadership challenger Bob Axworthy, who accused Bokhari of "purging" longtime Manitoba Liberal members as she solidified control of the party. Party membership and fundraising struggled under Bokhari,.
Bokhari committed to making Manitoba the "hub of something" in her year end interview with the Winnipeg Free Press. She explained "I want Manitoba to be the IT capital of this country or the innovation capital of this country."
In 2014 Bokhari endorsed Winnipeg mayoral candidate Brian Bowman in the 2014 Winnipeg Municipal election.
In the 2016 Manitoba general election Bokhari finished third in Fort Rouge, behind future Manitoba NDP leader Wab Kinew. On May 7, 2016, Bokhari announced that she would not lead the party into the next election but would remain on as leader until her successor was chosen. She ultimately resigned as leader, effective September 24, 2016, and opened a law practice, Bokhari, Smith and Walker, the same month.
On May 31, 2022, Bokhari announced her intention to run for Mayor of Winnipeg in the city's 2022 civic election, to be held October 26, 2022.
Electoral results
References
Living people
University of Manitoba alumni
Manitoba political party leaders
Date of birth unknown
Women in Manitoba politics
Female Canadian political party leaders
Manitoba Liberal Party politicians
Robson Hall alumni
Canadian expatriates in Pakistan
Canadian politicians of Pakistani descent
1977 births
Sirius () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Krasnodar Krai, Russia. It is incorporated as a federal territory.
Sirius is located on the Black Sea coast, between the Mzymta in the northwest and the Psou on the southeast. The Psou also designated the state border between Russia and Georgia (Abkhazia). From the inland site, Sirius is roughly bounded by A147 highway connecting Dzhubga via Tuapse and Sochi with the Russian border.
History
Sirius was established in 2019 in part of the Imereti Lowlands which belonged to Adlersky City District of the city of Sochi. This is the area which was developed before the 2014 Winter Olympics. It was first subordinated to Sochi, and eventually on 22 December 2020 a law designating Sirius as the first ever federal territory was adopted and signed.
The settlement contains an eponymous education center and is expected to grow into a large high-tech campus. It also contains the Sochi Olympic Park, as well as the Sochi Autodrom.
Economy
Transportation
The checkpoint between Russia and Abkhazia, close to the bridge over the Psou, is located in Sirius.
A railway connecting Sochi and Sukhumi across the border also crosses the area of Sirius. There are three railway stations, Olimpiyskaya Derevnya, Imeretinsky Kurort, and Vesyoloye. Imeretinsky Kurort is a terminus for suburban trains from Sochi, which also stop at Olimpiyskaya Derevnya. Vesyoloye is only served by long-distance passenger trains and by the suburban service to Gagra.
References
Urban-type settlements in Krasnodar Krai
2019 establishments in Russia
William "Tangier" Smith (February 2, 1655 – February 18, 1705) was a governor of Tangier, on the coast of Morocco, and an early settler of New York who owned more than of the Atlantic Ocean waterfront property in central Long Island in New York State, in what is called the Manor of St. George. In 1701, he was Acting Governor of New York.
Early life
Smith was born on February 2, 1655 in Higham Ferrers, Northamptonshire, in England.
Career
He was sent to join his uncle William Staines in English Tangier and was elected Common Councilman of Tangier in 1677, becoming an alderman there in 1679. He was mayor from 1682 until the English evacuated the colony in October 1683, following attacks by forces under Ismail Ibn Sharif. During Smith's term as mayor, the English demolished the city's fortifications, as part of the evacuation of the Tangier Garrison.
Smith next settled in the City of London, where he had a trading business in Long Acre.
Life in America
In 1686, Smith and his wife and three of his children sailed from Cork in Ireland to New York at the urging of Thomas Dongan, 2nd Earl of Limerick, who had been Lieutenant-Governor of Tangier during Smith's years there and had now been named Provincial Governor of New York. Smith's daughter Hibernia died during the passage to North America aboard the ship Thomas.
Smith received grants of land from Lord Limerick and supplemented them with large purchases of Native American land. On May 25, 1691, Smith purchased a substantial tract of the land that is now the Town of Brookhaven, New York, from John Mayhew of the Unkechaug Nation. In exchange, the Unkechaugs were given title to , which has now been reduced to the Poospatuck Reservation — the smallest reservation in New York state.
Smith eventually accumulated more than stretching from Riverhead, New York, in the north east to the Carmans River at Shirley, New York, in the south west. Additionally, he gained title to all Fire Island, New York.
The deal cemented when Colonial New York Governor Benjamin Fletcher granted Smith a patent to establish a manor on the land which was to be called the Manor of St. George: a section of land stretching from Riverhead to Mastic, New York. Smith was to oversee the Manor from land he had bought earlier in Setauket, New York, also in the Town of Brookhaven.
He was appointed to the Governor's Council in 1691. That year, he also served as one of the commissioners of oyer and terminer who tried and condemned Jacob Leisler, and he was appointed to the Supreme Court of the Province of New York. In 1692 he was made Chief Justice of that court. In 1701 he served for several months as Acting Governor of New York following the death of the governor and the absence of the lieutenant governor.
Personal life
Smith married the English-born Martha Tunstall in Tangier in 1675. They had thirteen (possibly fourteen) children born to this union which were:
Elizabeth Smith (1676–1681), born and died in Tangier
John Smith (1677–1677/8), born and died in Tangier
Col. Henry Smith (1678/9–1766), born in Tangier and died at Manor of St. George, Setauket, Long Island, New York
William Smith (I) (1679/80–1680), born and died in Tangier
Martha "Patty" Smith (1681–1736), born and died in New York or Manor of Scarsdale, Westchester, New York. She married Caleb Heathcote, an English-born mayor of New York City.
Mary Smith (1682–1684), born in Tangier and died in Long Acre, England
William Smith, Jr. (II) (1683/4–1683/4), born at Long Acre and died in Old Brainford, London
Hibernia Smith (1686–1686), born at Youghal, County Cork, Ireland and died at sea.
Jeane (Janey) Smith (1687–after September 7, 1707), born in New York
Maj. William Henry Smith (1688/9–1742/3), born in Brookhaven, Long Island, New York
Gloryana Smith (1690–1710), born in Brookhaven and died at Manor of Scarsdale
Theodocia Smith (1691–1691), born and died in Brookhaven
Charles Jeffery (Jeffry) Smith (1693–1715), born and died in at Manor of St. George
Gilbert Smith (d. 1742), possibly a child of Smith and Tunstall
After Smith's death, his heirs built a house on Bellport Bay that today is called the "Manor of St. George." A peninsula projecting into Narrow Bay and connecting Bellport with Moriches Bay is called Smith's Point and is the source of the name for Smith Point County Park. The names of "Smith", "Manor" and "Tangier" are used extensively as placenames throughout Brookhaven, including Manorville, New York.
Descendants
Smith's descendants include: Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882–1945), though Col. Henry Smith by his wife, Anna Shepard, John Smith (1752–1816), and William Sidney Mount (1807–1868). The descendants of William Tangier Smith continue to frequently use Tangier as part of their name.
References
External links
1655 births
1705 deaths
People from Higham Ferrers
People from New York (state)
People from Tangier
Andar is a village in Bihiya block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 1,790, in 265 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Irina Gerlits (born 29 April 1966) is a Kazakhstani former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics. She was born in Krasnokutsk, Pavlodar Oblast, Kazakh SSR and played for Universitet Alma-Ata, CD CREF Madrid and CD Universidad de Oviedo in Spain, and BC Bordeaux and BC Reims in France.
References
1966 births
Living people
People from Pavlodar Region
Kazakhstani women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Olympic basketball players of the Unified Team
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic gold medalists for the Unified Team
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Honoured Masters of Sport of the USSR
Kazakhstani expatriate sportspeople in France
Kazakhstani expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate basketball people in France
Expatriate basketball people in Spain
Linda Kaufman George (born 1947) is an American sociologist and gerontologist who is the Arts and Sciences Distinguished Professor of Sociology at Duke University. Her research focuses on the sociology of mental health, physical health, and aging, among other topics. She was president of the Gerontological Society of America from November 1993 to October 1994, and she received the Leonard I. Pearlin Award for Distinguished Contributions to the Sociological Study of Mental Health from the American Sociological Association in 2013.
References
External links
Faculty page
Living people
American women sociologists
American gerontologists
20th-century American women scientists
Miami University alumni
21st-century American women scientists
Duke University alumni
Duke University faculty
1947 births
People from Wadsworth, Ohio
20th-century social scientists
21st-century social scientists
Scientists from Ohio
Truepera is one genus of bacteria in the family Trueperaceae from the phylum Deinococcota. The following points accounts for its characteristics:
These strains form orange/red colonies and have spherical-shaped cells.
Optimum growth temperature of about 50 °C.
Optimum pH for growth between about 7.5 and 9.5, and do not grow at pH below 6.5 or above pH 11.2.
They are extremely resistant to ionizing radiation. For instance up to 60% of the cells can survive even after being exposed to 5.0 kGy
These strains are chemo-organotrophic and aerobic; do not grow in Thermus medium under anaerobic conditions with or without nitrate as electron acceptor and glucose as a source of carbon and energy, but ferment glucose to d-lactate without formation of gas. They assimilate a large variety of sugars, organic acids and amino acids.
Species: Truepera radiovictrix.
The sole species of this genus, Truepera radiovictrix, can be distinguished from other Deinococci as well as all other bacteria by the presence of five conserved signature indels (CSIs) exclusively found in this species in the proteins such as chorismate synthase and CTP synthetase.
References
Deinococcota
Bacteria genera
Monotypic bacteria genera
Nicholas J. Goulandris (1891–1957) was a Greek shipowner, the founder of N. J. Goulandris.
He was the fourth of five sons of shipowner Ioannis P. Goulandris (1840-1928).
In 1952, he left the family firm, Goulandris Bros., and founded N. J. Goulandris in London. It grew with the help of his sons John (b.1923) and twins Leonidas (b. 1927) and Alexandros (1927-2017), and by 1958 was the sixth-largest Greek shipowner with 40 ships. The business is now known as Andriaki Shipping and is based in Marousi, Athens.
References
1891 births
1957 deaths
Nicholas
Greek businesspeople in shipping
Chitgar Lake ( Daryâče-ye Čitgar) is an artificial and recreational lake located to the north of Chitgar Park in northwestern Tehran, Iran.
Officially known as the Lake of the Martyrs of the Persian Gulf (), the complex has a total area of around 250 hectares; 130 hectares across the lake and 120 hectares on its coastal zone and resorts.
About 80% of the body of water comes from Kan Creek, and the remaining 20% comes from central areas and surface runoffs of the district.
History
In 1968, within the first master plan of the city of Tehran, it was planned to construct a lake in western Tehran. But due to technical and budgetary constraints, the construction of the lake remained dormant for many years.
From 2003 to 2010, some detailed studies were accomplished and the uncertainties of the plan were reviewed. Eventually, the construction of the lake area began in September 2010.
The project was conducted by the company of Sabir (related to the Ministry of Energy), based on the design and studies provided by the company of Pars Tunnel (Stucky Pars Consulting Engineers).
The design of the lakeshore was based on the studies and research provided by Emco Iran Consulting Engineers.
The Lakeshore Landscape Design of the Chitgar lake was done by Mohsen Khorasanizadeh, Morteza Adib & Maryam Yousefi.
Gallery
Lakes in Tehran
Lakes of Iran
Landforms of Tehran Province
Artificial lakes
Salisbury is a hamlet located in the Town of Salisbury in Herkimer County, New York, United States.
References
Hamlets in Herkimer County, New York
Hamlets in New York (state)
The École Nationale Supérieure de Mécanique et des Microtechniques (ENSMM) is a French school of engineering. It is part of Polyméca, a network of schools focusing on mechanical engineering.
History
The school was founded in 1902 by the Université de Franche-Comté as Laboratoire de Chronométrie. In 1961, it turned to École nationale supérieure de chronométrie et micromécanique (ENSCM). Since the school is established in an area with a strong legacy on horology, ENSMM is deeply dedicated to the design and manufacturing of micro-mechanical devices and robotics.
Location
It is located in the city of Besançon, France eastern area (by car, 4 hours from Paris, 2 hours and a half from Strasbourg and 2 hours and a half from Lyon).
Curriculum
Study in France
The school educates 250 engineers every year on 6 fields:
Materials science
Mechatronics
Mechanical engineering
Micromechanics
Optoelectronics and Microelectromechanical systems
Industrial engineering
Students can choose to spend their last year within ENSMM or in one of the schools of the Polyméca network.
Study abroad
The ENSMM has concluded a partnership with several universities worldwide:
Technische Universität, Vienne, Austria
Institut National d'Informatique, Alger, Algeria
Federal University of Uberlândia, Brazil
Universidade Polytechnique, São Paulo, Brazil
École Polytechnique de Montréal, Montréal, Canada
École de technologie supérieure, Montréal, Canada
Université Laval, Québec, Canada
Southwest Jiaotong University, Chengdu, China
Shanghai Jiaotong University, China
Technische Universität Ilmenau, Germany
Hochschule Karlsruhe, Germany
Université des Sciences et Techniques de Bucarest, Hungaria
Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, India
Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II, Italy
Politecnico di Torino, Italy
Politecnico di Milano, Italy
Tokyo Denki University, Japan
Ecole Nationale de l'Industrie Minérale, Rabat Morocco
Université Technique, Cluj-Napoca, Romania
Université Valahia, Targoviste, Romania
Russian Academy of Sciences, Moscou, Russia
Ivanovo State University of Chemistry and Technology, Russia
Saint Petersburg State University of Aerospace Instrumentation, Saint Petersburg, Russia
Escola Tecnica Superior d'Enginyeria Barcelona, Spain
University of Oviedo, Spain
University of Vigo, Spain
University of Wales, Newport, United Kingdom
Ohio State University, Columbus, USA
It also belongs to the N+i international network.
External links
Official Website of the ENSMM
Université de Franche-Comté
N+i network website
Engineering universities and colleges in France
Universities and colleges in Besançon
Besançon
Educational institutions established in 1902
1902 establishments in France
Haplochrois halans is a moth in the family Elachistidae. It is found in South Africa.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Endemic moths of South Africa
Elachistidae
Moths of Africa
Colbertia is an extinct genus of oldfieldthomasiid notoungulate. It lived from the Early to the Middle Eocene, and its fossilized remains were discovered in Argentina and Brazil.
Description
This animal was roughly the size of a Virginia opossum, reaching approximately 50 centimeters in length excluding its tail. Its weight has been estimated to have been around 2 to 3 kilograms.
Colbertia had a relatively elongated skull, with low-crowned (brachydont) molars ; the cusps of the molars were joined to form ridge-like structures called lophs, and are therefore considered lophodont. The paracone and the metacone had notable folds. The ankle bones of Colbertia indicates that it was a plantigrade, an ancestral condition within Notoungulata. The bone morphology at the base of the skull was very similar to other basal Notoungulates, although the petrous bone had distinct characteristics also found in similar but slightly more recent notoungulates, such as Dolichostylodon.
Classification
The genus Colbertia was first described in 1952 by Carlos de Paula Couto, as a new genus for a species of notoungulate described two years earlier and attributed to the genus Oldfieldthomasia as O. magellanica. The type species of the genus is Colbertia magellanica, from the Early Eocene Itaboraí Formation of Brazil. Fossils attributed to other species, C. lumbrerense and C. falui, have been discovered in Argentina in slightly younger deposits, from the Middle Eocene.
Colbertia is a basal member of the suborder Typotheria, a group of notoungulates sharing similarities with hyraxes and rodents. Colbertia was a basal member of this clade, within the family Oldfieldthomasiidae, which may be paraphyletic. Colbertia may have been close to the most basal typothere, who subsequently derived and diversified considerably to occupy a variety of ecological niches.
Paleoecology
Colbertia was a terrestrial, herbivorous mammal, with a diet composed of tender leaves, buds and flowers.
Bibliography
C. d. Paula Couto. 1952. Fossil mammals from the beginning of the Cenozoic in Brazil. Notoungulata. American Museum Novitates 1568:1-16
M. Bond. 1981. Un nuevo Oldfieldthomasiidae (Mammalia, Notoungulata) del Eoceno inferior (Fm. Lumbrera, Grupo Salta) del NW Argentino. II Congresso Latino-Americano de Paleontología 2:521-536
D. A. García López. 2011. Basicranial Osteology of Colbertia lumbrerense Bond, 1981 (Mammalia: Notoungulata). Ameghiniana 48(1):3-12
Fernández, M.; Zimicz, A. N.; Bond, M.; Chornogubsky, L.; Arnal, M.; Cárdenas, M.; Fernicola, J. C. (2021). "New Eocene South American native ungulates from the Quebrada de los Colorados Formation at Los Cardones National Park, Argentina". Acta Palaeontologica Polonica. 66 (1): 85–97. doi:10.4202/app.00784.2020.
Typotheres
Eocene mammals of South America
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossils of Brazil
Paleogene Brazil
Mustersan
Casamayoran
Itaboraian
Fossil taxa described in 1952
Prehistoric placental genera
Itaboraí Formation
GitHub has been the target of censorship from governments using methods ranging from local Internet service provider blocks, intermediary blocking using methods such as DNS hijacking and man-in-the-middle attacks, and denial-of-service attacks on GitHub's servers from countries including China, India, and Russia. In all of these cases, GitHub has been eventually unblocked after backlash from users and technology businesses or compliance from GitHub.
Background
GitHub is a web-based Git repository hosting service and is primarily used to host the source code of software, facilitate project management, and provide distributed revision control functionality of Git, access control, wikis, and bug tracking. As of November 2015, GitHub reports having over 11.5 million users and over 28.9 million repositories. It offers free accounts, a pastebin service called Gist, and free website hosting under its github.io domain. The GitHub terms of service prohibits illegal use and it reserves the right to remove content at its discretion. Users can fork (copy and individually develop) other projects, which GitHub does not automatically take down when served DMCA takedown notices. GitHub uses HTTPS for its connections, making data more secure against interception from third parties.
China
China heavily regulates Internet traffic and has blocked many international Internet companies including Facebook and Twitter. In addition, Western businesses have said that these restrictions hurt their business by reducing access to information, such as from search engines and those using VPNs. In 2013, the country started blocking GitHub and it was met by protests among Chinese programmers.
GreatFire, a Chinese anti-censorship organization, has attempted to circumvent the Great Firewall of China using mirror websites. However, the links to these pages were posted using GitHub which brings the risk of the site being blocked along with the mirrors. In a previous incident, HSBC bank's Chinese operation was taken offline when the Akamai network was targeted for hosting GreatFire.org websites.
DNS hijacking
Blockage
On January 21, 2013, GitHub was blocked in China using DNS hijacking. It was reported that the attack was carried out in response to political information posted on the platform. Confirming the block, a spokesperson for GitHub said: "It does appear that we're at least being partly blocked by the Great Firewall of China". The block was lifted on January 23, 2013 after an online protest on Sina Weibo.
Criticism
Kai-Fu Lee brought attention to the block after posting about it on Sina Weibo. He derided the block, saying: "Blocking GitHub is unjustifiable, and will only derail the nation's programmers from the world, while bringing about a loss in competitiveness and insight." Lee's post was shared over 80,000 times. However, this website is still blocked in Tibet and Xinjiang Autonomous Regions.
The Next Web called the block unfortunate, saying that "Chinese developers will have to play around with workarounds or find an alternative service when they want to work with their peers around the world."
MITM attack
Attack
On January 26, 2013, GitHub users in China experienced a man-in-the-middle attack in which attackers could have intercepted traffic between the site and its users in China. The mechanism of the attack was through a fake SSL certificate. Users attempting to access GitHub received a warning of an invalid SSL certificate, which, due to being signed by an unknown authority, was quickly detected. A spokesperson for GitHub said: "Early last week, it appeared that GitHub was being at least partially blocked by the Great Firewall of China... After a couple days, it appeared that GitHub was no longer being blocked." NETRESEC performed forensics of the attack and determined that it was indeed an attack, due to the large number of router hops involved (6) and because the user submitting the packet capture was from China.
This attack was performed again on March 26, 2020 on GitHub Pages and March 27, 2020 on GitHub.com.
Rationale
GreatFire speculated that the attack was related to a popular White House petition calling for the denial of entry to the United States of the architects of the Great Firewall of China. The petition linked to a Gist containing names of 3 of the architects and their contact information. GreatFire also said that since GitHub is HTTPS only, Chinese authorities can't block individual pages and have to completely block the website, which helps explain why they would have to resort to the attack. InformationWeek noted the economic difficulty related to blocking GitHub: "What makes GitHub interesting from a censorship point of view is that it combines a critical business service—collaborative coding—with social interaction."
DDoS attack
On March 26, 2015, GitHub was the target of a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack originating from China. It targeted two anti-censorship projects: GreatFire and cn-nytimes, the latter including instructions on how to access the Chinese version of The New York Times. GitHub blocked China-based IP addresses from visiting these repositories. If a visitor comes from China, the page would show "Repository unavailable because of the Chinese Internet Blacklist". Based on GitHub, they are doing this because "that our users in that jurisdiction may continue to have access to GitHub to collaborate and build software." They are now having a gov-takedowns repository to record all the government requirements they could show.
India
India selectively censors websites at the federal and state levels. This is enforced by the Information Technology Act, 2000, as well as licensing requirements for Internet service providers (ISPs). Critics such as Rajeev Chandrasekhar have noted the vagueness of these regulations and the Centre for Internet and Society found that ISPs tended to over-comply with takedown requests.
ISP blockage
On December 17, 2014, the Indian Department of Telecom issued an order to ISPs to block 32 websites. The notice was made public on December 31, 2014 and it included GitHub, GitHub's Gist, Vimeo, the Internet Archive, and various pastebin services.
The block order was confirmed on Twitter by Arvind Gupta, the national head of the ruling party BJP, and was attributed to a suggestion by India's Anti Terrorism Squad in response to content by the Islamic extremist group ISIS. Gupta also stated that websites that cooperated with the investigation were being unblocked.
On January 2, 2015, the Ministry of Communications issued a statement that it will be unblocking 4 of the websites, including GitHub's Gist, and said that it will consider unblocking the remaining websites once they complied. Explaining its rationale, the ministry stated: "Many of these websites do not require any authentication for pasting any material on them... These websites were being used frequently for pasting, communicating [jihadi] content..." Gulshan Rai of the CERT-In agency of the ministry said that the order came from the Mumbai Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate following an interrogation of Arif Majeed, an ISIS recruit.
On January 4, 2015, a GitHub spokesperson said that some users were still having trouble accessing the site and that GitHub has attempted to reach out to the Indian government, but is still unclear about the cause of the block. They said that restoring access to the developer community in India was their top priority and that they "would like to work with the Indian government to establish a transparent process for identifying unlawful content, restore access, and ensure that GitHub continues to remain available in the future without interruption."
Impact
The Times of India reported blockage for Indian users by the ISPs Vodafone, BSNL and Hathway, but it still had access using Airtel. Because the order only told ISPs what to block and not how, the effectiveness of blocking access varied. The blocking was unreliable and seemed to be occurring at multiple layers, even within the same ISP. Blocking methods included IP blocking, the use of a proxy server, and DNS blocking. Methods for gaining access ranged from using an alternate DNS server to installing circumvention software.
Criticism
Regarding the blocks, TechCrunch remarked that "[the] addition of GitHub... is one of the more head-scratching decisions" and anticipated an uproar considering its importance in the tech industry. They also called it embarrassing in the context of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India campaign to promote India as a destination for information technology. Prasanth Sugathan of the Software Freedom and Law Center called the blocks short-sighted, saying that "If you block one website, terrorists can always use another one... Such a move only inconveniences the daily users..." Twitter users protested using the hashtag #GOIblocks and recirculated a hypocritical message by Modi from 2012 condemning blanket blocking of websites. Anonymous of India also posted several threats against the government, but did not take any action.
Russia
The Russian government blacklists websites that include child pornography, drug-related material, advocacy of suicide, extremist material, and other illegal content under the Russian Internet Restriction Bill to protect children. This list is maintained by Roscomnadzor, Russia's regulatory agency.
ISP blockage
On December 2, 2014, Roscomnadzor blocked GitHub due to it hosting various copies of a suicide manual. Because GitHub uses HTTPS, which encrypts data between a user's computer and GitHub's servers, Internet service providers (ISPs) were forced to block the whole website instead of the pages involved. Complying ISPs included: Beeline, MTS, MGTS and Megafon. Maxim Ksenzov, the Deputy Head of Roscomnadzor, said in a statement that the block was due to GitHub not complying with earlier takedown requests for the manual on October 10, 2014. GitHub was also momentarily blocked on October 2, 2014 until the original copy of the manual was deleted by its uploader.
Banned content
The manual in question was posted on March 23, 2014, and details 31 methods of suicide in Russian. It was added to a repository for a software library used for working with Windows filesystems and was forked by several users. The original copy was deleted by the owner on October 2, 2014 after numerous GitHub users complained because of a block by Roscomnadzor.
TechCrunch remarked that the manual seemed to be written as satire and includes methods such as "biting your tongue", "joining the military" or "getting a good gun" from a policeman. The takedown targeted the manual and its copies, as well as a reposted blog entry about suicide.
Response
GitHub complied and blocked access to the content within Russia saying that they were working to get reinstated. Citing its terms of service, GitHub elaborated that "you must not, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright or trademark laws)." GitHub also created an official repository titled "roskomnadzor" for the purpose of posting takedown notices from the regulator. (It was later moved to "gov-takedowns" after a request from China on June 9, 2016) In the readme of the repository, GitHub states that they are concerned about Internet censorship and believe in transparency to document the potential for chilling effects. They also warn that the presence of a notice is only for documentation and that GitHub does not pass any judgement on their validity.
Turkey
On October 8, 2016, following the leak of emails of Turkish Minister Berat Albayrak by RedHack, the Information and Communication Technologies Authority (BTK) ordered ISPs to block several file sharing websites, including Dropbox, Microsoft OneDrive, and Google Drive. The censorship monitoring watchdog Turkey Blocks observed that GitHub was blocked the following morning, and associated administrative orders were subsequently posted by the BTK stating that access had been officially restricted. Software that depended on GitHub reported errors, such as Font Awesome and Homebrew. Participants in Startup Istanbul week also complained about the unavailability of infrastructure. The #GitHub hashtag became one of Twitter's top trends in Turkey. According to The Daily Dot, RedHack purposefully spread the emails using multiple services, expecting Turkey to block them so that the Streisand effect could be utilized. GitHub was unblocked 18 hours later.
Notes
References
External links
GitHub blog
GitHub status messages
GitHub
GitHub
Elaeocarpus obovatus, commonly known as hard quandong, blueberry ash, whitewood, grey carabeen, freckled oliveberry or gray carrobeen, is a species of flowering plant in the family Elaeocarpaceae and is endemic to eastern Australia. It is a tree with buttress roots at the base of the trunk, egg-shaped to lance-shaped leaves with the narrower end towards the base, racemes of white flowers, and blue, oval fruit.
Description
Elaeocarpus obovatus is sometimes a small tree tall, and sometimes a tall tree growing to a height of with buttress roots at the base of a trunk that is up to in diameter. The outer bark is smooth, grey and thin with corky irregularities. The leaves are arranged alternately, egg-shaped to lance-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, long and wide on a petiole long. The edges of the leaves are wavy, scalloped or toothed and the midrib is raised on the upper and lower surfaces. The flowers are arranged in racemes of ten to twenty long, each on a pedicel long with four or five egg-shaped to triangular sepals long and wide. The petals are white, egg-shaped to oblong and about the same size as the sepals with the tip divided into eight to ten lobes and there are about twenty very short stamens. Flowering occurs from late August to October and the fruit is a oval to elliptical blue drupe about long and wide, containing a single seed. Fruiting occurs in January to April.
Taxonomy
Elaeocarpus obovatus was first formally described in 1831 by George Don in his book A General History of Dichlamydeous Plants.
Distribution and habitat
Hard quandong is a tall tree in subtropical rainforest and a small to medium-sized tree in drier rainforest and occurs from Proserpine, Queensland (20° S) in to central-eastern Queensland south as far as Wyong (33° S) in New South Wales.
References
obovatus
Oxalidales of Australia
Trees of Australia
Flora of Queensland
Flora of New South Wales
The 2000 S.League was the fifth season of the S-League, the top professional football league in Singapore. It was won by Singapore Armed Forces, their third league title.
Teams
S.League had been expanding with addition of new clubs for every season since its beginnings, the 2000 season was the first season without any new club addition. All clubs were playing at the designated home stadiums which lead to building their identities within their local communities.
Foreign players
Each club is allowed to have up to a maximum of 4 foreign players.
League table
Top scorer
References
Singapore Premier League seasons
1
Sing
Sing
Comănești Coal Mine is an underground mine exploitation, one of the largest in Romania located in Comănești, Bacău County with estimated coal reserves of 8.4 million tonnes. The legal entity managing the Comănești mine is the Ploieşti National Coal Company which was set up in 1957.
References
Coal mines in Romania
Fightback Soundtrack is the second studio album by We Are Leo. Dream Records released the album on October 14, 2014.
Critical reception
Awarding the album three and a half stars from Jesus Freak Hideout, Christopher Smith states, "Fightback Soundtrack is an enjoyable and encouraging listen". Paul S. Ganney, rating the album a seven out of ten for Cross Rhythms, says, "They'll be a huge hit at a teenage festival". Giving the album four stars at New Release Today, Caitlin Lassiter writes, "Fightback Soundtrack seems to have an evolved, more mature sound". Leah St. John, awarding the album five stars by Christian Review Magazine, describes, "Fightback Soundtrack is a standout album". Rating the album 3.5 out of five for Christian Music Review, Laura Chambers writes, "We Are Leo seeks to inspire us to do more than drop back and be overtaken". Jonathan Andre, giving the album three and a half stars from 365 Days of Inspiring Media, says, "though sometimes sounding cliché and cheesy, is recorded well, and is a joy to hear these young men of God create meaningful pop/rock and dance music, that can transcend any belief system." Awarding the album three and a half stars at CM Addict, Andrew Funderburk states, the album is "For a fun, engaging, yet heart-impacting musical experience". Jessica Morris, rating the album 8.5 out of ten stars by Jesus Wired, describes, "We Are Leo's Fight Back Soundtrack is a testament to the band's loyal fans".
Track listing
References
2014 albums
We Are Leo albums
